I know : the text is in Japanese , the pictures are blurry , and there 's only one page to look at .
It 's all we 've got for now .
But it 's enough to get fans of Nintendo 2D platformers excited , myself included .
Wiifanboy points us to a leaked fact sheet that managed to sneak out onto the internet only one day after Nintendo 's newest 2D platformer , Wario Land Shake , was revealed in Japan .
So far , the word is that this 2D action game will feature cel - shaded characters and hand - drawn backgrounds and art .
The folks at NeoGAF used their decoder rings to reveal that there will be 20 stages in various vistas ( desert , jungle , ocean ) where you 'll get the chance to use vehicles like rockets and submarines in gameplay .
And , if you could n't guess by the name , shaking the Wii Remote will permit special actions like rattling enemies for coins or unlocking secret locations .
For now , all we know is that this title will be released in Japan some time in 2008 , and it will cost 5,800 yen ( $ 50 ) .
Oh , and that Wario is the star .
Hit the jump to see the full fact sheet .
Does this title interest you ?
Do you remember the first Wario platformer ?
Dr. Hatfill ’s lawsuit , filed in 2003 , accused F.B.I. agents and Justice Department officials involved in the criminal investigation of the anthrax mailings of leaking information about him to the news media in violation of the Privacy Act .
In order to prove their case , his lawyers took depositions from key F.B.I. investigators , senior officials and a number of reporters who had covered the investigation .
Mark Grannis , a lawyer for Dr. Hatfill , said his client was pleased with the settlement .
“ The good news is that we still live in a country where a guy who ’s been horribly abused can go to a judge and say ‘ I need your help , ’ and maybe it takes a while , but he gets justice , ” Mr. Grannis said .
The settlement , Mr. Grannis said , “ means that Steven Hatfill is finally an ex-person of interest . ”
In a written statement , Mr. Grannis and Dr. Hatfill ’s other lawyers said , “ We can only hope that the individuals and institutions involved are sufficiently chastened by this episode to deter similar destruction of private citizens in the future  and that we will all read anonymously sourced news reports with a great deal more skepticism . ”
The lawyers will take their fee out of the settlement , which will pay out $ 5.8 million over 20 years .
The $ 4.6 million figure is the cost of the annuity to the government .
The settlement called new attention to the fact that nearly seven years after the toxic letters were mailed , killing five people and sickening at least 17 others , the case has not been solved .
Overall winner Tin Spheres , by Liz Girvan .
The inaugural Otago School of Medical Sciences Photography Competition was held earlier this year with the theme " Science As Art " .
There were two categories - " Photomicrographs " and " Science At Work - The Human Touch " .
Within each category prizes were awarded to the best entry from a member of the academic staff , general staff and students .
One photo was also selected as the overall winner .
All the photographs will be on display in the Skeggs Gallery during the International Science Festival ( 10 am - 5 pm , Monday July 7 to Sunday July 13 ) .
The judges ( one scientist , one professional photographer and one member of the public ) were very impressed with the number of entries and the standard of the photographs .
Science At Work - The Human Touch
The student prize was awarded to Annika Bokor for her entry on Growing Apothecia of Botryotinia fuckeliana .
Highly commended in this category was another entry from Annika - entitled Mature apothecia of Botryotinia fuckeliana in a 6 - well micro plate .
The best photograph from a member of the general staff was " Windows of the Heart " , submitted by Shannon O'Neill .
Shannon 's second entry " Knee Reflections " was Highly Commended .
The judges particularly commented on the quality and composition of these photographs .
Cyril Dejean 's entry , " Voltage , Frequency and Correlation " was judged the best entry from an academic staff member in the Science At Work category .
" Physiological Research At High Altitude " - submitted by Phil Ainslie , was Highly Commended .
Photomicrographs
Not surprisingly , there were many entries in this category and the standard was particularly high .
The best student photograph was the whimsical entry " Mr Giraffe " , submitted by Kajsa Igelstrom .
Melissa Barry 's entry " Layer V Pyramidal Neuron of the Motor Cortex " was Highly Commended .
The best general staff photomicrograph was " Tin Spheres " submitted by Liz Girvan , who also provided the Highly Commended photo in this section - " Pollen Family " .
The academic photomicrograph section was perhaps the hardest category to evaluate , but the judges finally decided that " Axons Get a Kiss " ( submitted by Christine Jasoni ) was the winning photograph , while " The Prickly Side of Sex " ( Rebecca Campbell ) was Highly Commended .
The judges were unanimous in choosing " Tin Spheres " as the best photograph overall .
Congratulations to Liz Girvan for this lovely photo .
New Luxury Cruise Ship Size of A Small Town ( Photos )
The brand new luxury cruise ship Independence of the Seas is the biggest in the world .
The masterpiece took two years to build and cost $ 800,000,000 .
The fortress has arrived in Southampton and will begin her inaugural season in grand style .
Royal Caribbean International adds this new ship to their fleet of sister ships Freedom of the Seas and Liberty of the Seas .
The vessel will begin its new life by sailing around Europe .
The 160,000 ton liner was built in Finland and can carry 4,375 guests and a crew of 1,000 .
The ship boasts 15 passenger decks and 14 elevators .
Facilities on board Independence of the Seas include an ice rink , 9 hole mini golf course , a rock climbing wall , a 1,350 - seat theater and a surf simulator in addition to the more traditional bars , pools , casino and spa treatments .
There is also the central promenade lined with shops , bars and restaurants .
Skylight Chapel , located at the highest point of the ship will host weddings and can accommodate 40 guests .
Independence of the Seas will be officially named before she leaves for her first paying cruise on May 2 .
Four night cruises will start at $ 700 per person .
An 11 night Canary Islands cruise will start at $ 2,200 per person and a 14 night Mediterranean cruise a heftier $ 2,600 per guest .
We 've got some great photos of the magnificent cruise ship below .
Photo Credit : Daily Mail
この記事を読むのに必要な時間：およそ 1.5 分
悪魔の習 慣
「 いつも大忙しだよ ， だってこんなにも机の上にメモが張ってあるんだから。」
机の上にメモを書いた付箋を大量に貼っている人がいますよね。ぱっと見た感じは，
仕事がいっぱいあって忙しい人だなと思うのですが，
実はそのメモは同じものが張ったままということがよくあります。
「 どんどん仕事を頼まれるので ， たくさん張っておくのが一番なんだ。」
カモフラージュとしては良い作戦なのかもしれませんが，
そんなことに知恵を使うのは勿体無い。違うところに頭を使いましょう。
「 どれから手をつけていいか分からない。」
メモがたまりすぎると， 見るのもうんざりしてきます。必要になったときに見ればいいからと放置したままにしていると，
肝心な時に見つからなかったり， メモしたことも忘れてしまっています。
天使の習 慣
「 メモにも賞味期限があります。新鮮なうちに処理しましょう。」
せっかくメモしたのですから， そのメモを活かしましょう。
食べ物には賞味期限があり， 早く食べる方が美味しいですよね。ついつい食べるのを忘れて賞味期限がきれた食べ物が冷蔵庫に残っていることがあります。
メモも食べ物と同じで賞味期限があります。
「 あれ？ これ何のことだったっけ？ 」
ということがないように， 記憶の鮮度がおちる前に次のアクションをおこしましょう。
「 何のためにメモするのか？ 」
メモするときには目的意識を明確にしておきましょう。自分がよくメモするシーンや次のアクションを決めておいてスムーズに処理できるようにしておきましょう。
archives ( 2003 - present ) June 2018 ( 4 ) May 2018 ( 5 ) April 2018 ( 1 ) September 2017 ( 9 ) April 2017 ( 8 ) January 2017 ( 2 ) December 2013 ( 2 ) November 2013 ( 2 ) October 2013 ( 5 ) September 2013 ( 6 ) August 2013 ( 1 ) July 2013 ( 1 ) May 2013 ( 1 ) December 2012 ( 1 ) November 2012 ( 1 ) October 2012 ( 3 ) September 2012 ( 3 ) August 2012 ( 2 ) July 2012 ( 6 ) June 2012 ( 6 ) May 2012 ( 9 ) April 2012 ( 5 ) March 2012 ( 6 ) February 2012 ( 9 ) January 2012 ( 6 ) October 2011 ( 5 ) September 2011 ( 8 ) August 2011 ( 8 ) July 2011 ( 9 ) June 2011 ( 18 ) May 2011 ( 17 ) April 2011 ( 20 ) March 2011 ( 24 ) February 2011 ( 17 ) January 2011 ( 17 ) December 2010 ( 15 ) November 2010 ( 18 ) October 2010 ( 21 ) September 2010 ( 5 ) August 2010 ( 11 ) July 2010 ( 2 ) May 2010 ( 2 ) April 2010 ( 19 ) March 2010 ( 11 ) February 2010 ( 21 ) January 2010 ( 22 ) December 2009 ( 1 ) November 2009 ( 6 ) September 2009 ( 11 ) August 2009 ( 4 ) May 2009 ( 3 ) April 2009 ( 9 ) March 2009 ( 19 ) February 2009 ( 16 ) January 2009 ( 35 ) December 2008 ( 7 ) November 2008 ( 15 ) October 2008 ( 17 ) September 2008 ( 1 ) August 2008 ( 14 ) July 2008 ( 43 ) June 2008 ( 7 ) May 2008 ( 14 ) April 2008 ( 13 ) March 2008 ( 20 ) February 2008 ( 28 ) January 2008 ( 31 ) December 2007 ( 30 ) November 2007 ( 30 ) October 2007 ( 31 ) September 2007 ( 21 ) August 2007 ( 17 ) July 2007 ( 22 ) June 2007 ( 30 ) May 2007 ( 29 ) April 2007 ( 28 ) January 2007 ( 3 ) December 2006 ( 6 ) November 2006 ( 7 ) October 2006 ( 6 ) September 2006 ( 4 ) August 2006 ( 10 ) July 2006 ( 2 ) June 2006 ( 3 ) May 2006 ( 8 ) April 2006 ( 15 ) March 2006 ( 10 ) February 2006 ( 11 ) January 2006 ( 9 ) December 2005 ( 6 ) November 2005 ( 12 ) October 2005 ( 15 ) September 2005 ( 8 ) August 2005 ( 21 ) July 2005 ( 18 ) June 2005 ( 21 ) May 2005 ( 21 ) April 2005 ( 18 ) March 2005 ( 17 ) February 2005 ( 22 ) January 2005 ( 20 ) December 2004 ( 16 ) November 2004 ( 19 ) October 2004 ( 22 ) September 2004 ( 19 ) August 2004 ( 18 ) July 2004 ( 27 ) June 2004 ( 25 ) May 2004 ( 25 ) April 2004 ( 31 ) March 2004 ( 18 ) February 2004 ( 7 ) November 2003 ( 32 ) October 2003 ( 27 ) September 2003 ( 26 )
Adrian Emry , 7 , of Moses Lake , gives a thumbs - up sign to NASA engineer Bill Welch after wrapping up a day of lunar - related experiments .
Photo : Ingrid Barrentine / Wired.com
The ' legal threats ' section of The Pirate Bay is where record labels , movie companies , software house and general anti-pirates have their complaints posted after the staff on the site have ridiculed them .
A new set of complaints has appeared in the last few days - some of the most cringe - worthy ever .
When organizations and companies do n’t like it that their material – be it music , movies , games or software – are indexed by a torrent site , very often they will contact the site in question and demand that the relevant . torrent files are removed .
A lot of sites will remove the files but a few refuse .
Most people know that The Pirate Bay does n’t like to remove torrents at the copyright holders request , in fact they claim they have never removed any .
Instead , when a copyright holder enters into dialogue with the staff , instead of removing the files in question the site posts the discussions up in the ‘ Legal Threats ’ section .
Most of the discussions are entertaining to a degree , with some even extending to personal insults .
However , during the last few days , another copyright complaint and subsequent discussion has been posted and although many might find it funny , personally I found it quite embarrassing raising the question :
Should copyright holders just keep their complaints to themselves to maintain some dignity – at least where The Pirate Bay is concerned ?
The complaint comes from Ian Morrow at UK based label Gr8 pop Ltd , representing American vocalist Indiana Gregg .
Morrow requested the removal of a . torrent linking to the album “ Woman At Work ” , but the request was worded in an unfortunate way which appeared to betray a lack of legal understanding :
We request that you have the file removed immediately as this is legal copyright and has not been authorised to be released as an illegal download .
Of course , it did n’t take long before Peter Sunde , aka brokep , decided to start tearing it apart :
Is it possible to authorise something to be an illegal download ?
That would be a legal download if it would be authorised now , would n’t it .
Also , i’ve never heard of “ legal copyright ” ( nor illegal copyright for that matter ) .
I think you need to re-check your intentions of the e-mail and try again .
We do not respond to messages that do not make 100 % perfect sense .
You ’re confused .
The response back to Peter starts the farce ball rolling , as it always seems do with these complaints .
Ian Morrow starts by insisting that BitTorrent or any other form of sharing is illegal , “ full stop ” , but of course , that ’s not true .
Not really a good start , but Ian is just warming up , informing Peter that “ .. having sat on cross parliamentary committees , resolved to regenerating music and culture in my country , I ’m afraid you may just have picked the wrong person to cross swords with on this occasion . ”
Indeed , the email to Peter was copied to many other people including many people in the Scottish parliament , the MCPS , the PPL , the late Roy Orbision ’s wife and many other people , including Indiana herself .
However , things take a turn for the strange .
Ian goes on to state that due to people sharing the album his company is almost bankrupt ( along with him personally ) and Indiana herself – despite her current position of No.1 in the MySpace charts and the 4th most viewed artist on YouTube .
The inevitable response from Peter is what we have to come to expect :
You ’re a hoot , that ’s what you are :)
I want to hug you in a non-sexual way and tell you that you make my heart burst of joy and cuddle up like a cute little cookie monster and ask for more milk ….
and btw , to be in a business you have very little knowledge on what you ’re doing .
I would actually see you as a retard , but it ’s hard when you ’re so cuddly and manly !
I wish I was just 20 years older and a girl … oh my ..
Sadly , instead of realizing where all this is heading , Indiana Gregg herself steps in with a response of her own ( including a lesson on copyright law – United States law ) , which basically gives Peter more ammunition to respond in his own inimitable style .
It is all very messy and very embarrassing – and it gets worse .
Undeterred and armed with a shaky understanding of the scope of the law she ’s trying to enforce , Indiana writes to Peter with a fairly detailed explanation of a torrent site ’s obligations under the DMCA , but makes the same mistake as so many others .
The DMCA is a US law and The Pirate Bay is not in the United States , leaving herself wide open for further ridicule .
Indiana goes on to explain that she ’s actually a millionaire after all , contradicting Ian ’s earlier bankruptcy comments which were clearly designed to tug on Peter ’s heart strings .
Unfortunately when it comes to copyright , Peter ’s heart is made of stone .
Which brings us to the point I raised at the start of this post .
What actually is the point of complaining to The Pirate Bay ?
They are n’t going to take down any torrents and they will publicize all of these copyright discussions with the aim of making the sender look badly informed .
Despite the deliberate ( and probably calculated ) juvenile tone adopted by Peter Sunde , the senders of the complaints always seem to come off worse , due to their very apparent lack of understanding of the law .
So , are these complaints down to sheer desperation or are these labels really that badly informed about the law ?
Maybe when Ian ’s friends in the Scottish parliament see the correspondence they will be suitably outraged and pledge seriously to do something .
Trouble is , if the law in Sweden ca n’t do anything about The Pirate Bay crew right now , what can be done at all ?
As the complaints pile up and the stakes increase , The Pirate Bay continues on , treating the anti-pirates with contempt and offering them continuing public humiliation .
It seems now that the only thing that can stop the site is a defeat in court , but since servers are scattered right around the world , all the signs point to the likelihood that even that wo n’t bring a halt to the torrents – or the complaints .
You can read the exchanges here : One , Two , Three and Four
JANUARY 30 -- A Mississippi teacher admitted to cops that she had sex with a 15 - year - old male student to whom she sent explicit text messages and trysted with in her Jaguar , which bore the license plate " GRRRRR . "
Those are just some of the sleazy details in a Biloxi Police Department report detailing Rebecca Dawn Bogard 's alleged sexual assault of the boy , who the 27 - year - old educator taught at the Biloxi Alternative School ( which is described in the January 18 report , which you 'll find here , as a school for troubled teens ) .
According to the document , Bogard referred to the teenager as " her little ' sex fiend ' " in one text message .
Investigators were contacted by the boy 's mother after she discovered raunchy messages on the boy 's phone , including one from a " Dawn " who wrote , " I love you , yeah it was the best , which night was the best 4 you , I 'm sensitive but not sore , you were good ... "
Bogard , pictured in the mug shot at left , is facing felony sexual battery charges .
She has been suspended with pay and is free on $ 50,000 bail .
( 2 pages )
Nearly six out of 10 cases of cannabis possession used to be dealt with by arrest and formal caution before it was downgraded .
But police chiefs are not expected to return to such a practice , blamed for wasting thousands of officers ' hours that could be spent on other crime - fighting duties .
The Association of Chief Police Officers told the Guardian : " The key will be the discretion for officers to strike the right balance .
We do not want to criminalise young people who are experimenting . "
DRUGS worth more than £ 100 million are being traded in prisons every year , it was revealed yesterday .
The claim was made by a former drugs treatment chief who said half of all prisoners are addicts .
As much as 44lb ( 20kg ) of narcotics , mainly heroin , were smuggled into jails every week said the former official , Hussain Djemil .
Finally making good on his proposal nearly a year ago , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s reclassification of marijuana as a class B drug is so obtuse and such poor public policy that the police are refusing their newly - given power
When police go so far as to reject an increase in their power , especially when it comes to drugs , it should be clear that your policies are laughable .
Adding to his obtuseness , PM Brown rejected the recommendation of his own panel of 23 highly - qualified drug policy experts when they ruled harsher reclassification was the wrong thing to do .
It ’s doubtful , but hopefully the combination of objections by UK law enforcement and drug policy experts will finally make him realize , and admit , that the policy is flawed .
Making this reclassification even more ridiculous , the government is having major problems keeping drugs out of the hands of prisoners
It seems there should be more pressing concerns for British drug policy officials .
If they ca n’t keep hard drugs out of the prisons ( which come complete with strip and body cavity searches , drug dogs , prison guards , constant surveillance , etc. ) , what ’s the point of increasing sentences for a soft drug like marijuana ?
Of the millions of cannabis users , some of those who will be caught will go to jail for even longer where they will be exposed to a 100 million dollar industry that will provide them cheaper drugs !
Once again , how and why is reclassification going to be an effective deterrent ?
Police refusing to adhere to the reclassification policy is a wonderful sign .
It sets a good precedent of dissonance toward misinformed or abusive authority that is rarely seen directed toward elected officials over drug policy matters .
If more police chiefs would follow this example , drug prohibition would be in greater jeopardy .
Hopefully this will lead to more reasonable people standing up in civil disobedience against drug policies that they know to be immoral and ineffective .
Pollution is dulling the scent of flowers and impeding some of the most basic processes of nature , disrupting insect life and imperilling food supplies , a new study suggests .
The potentially hugely significant research – funded by the blue - chip US National Science Foundation – has found that gases mainly formed from the emissions of car exhausts prevent flowers from attracting bees and other insects in order to pollinate them .
And the scientists who have conducted the study fear that insects ' ability to repel enemies and attract mates may also be impeded .
The researchers – at the University of Virginia – say that pollution is dramatically cutting the distance travelled by the scent of flowers .
Professor Jose Fuentes , who led the study , said : " Scent molecules produced by flowers in a less polluted environment could travel for roughly 1,000 to 1,200 metres .
But today they may travel only 200 to 300 metres .
This makes it increasingly difficult for bees and other insects to locate the flowers . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The researchers – who worked on the scent given off by snapdragons – found that the molecules are volatile , and quickly bond with pollutants such as ozone and nitrate radicals , mainly formed from vehicle emissions .
This chemically alters the molecules so that they no longer smell like flowers .
A vicious cycle is therefore set up where insects struggle to get enough food and the plants do not get pollinated enough to proliferate .
Already bees – which pollinate most of the world 's crops – are in unprecedented decline in Britain and across much of the globe .
At least a quarter of America 's 2.5 million honey bee colonies have been mysteriously wiped out by colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) , where hives are found suddenly deserted .
The crisis has now spread to Europe .
Politicians insist that CCD has not yet been found in Britain , but the insects have been declining here too , and the agriculture minister Lord Rooker has warned that " the honey bee population could be wiped out in 10 years " .
The researchers do not believe that they have found the cause of CCD , but say that pollution is making life more difficult for bees and other insects in many ways . "
To have your say on this or any other issue visit www.independent.co.uk/IoSblogs
Barney Frank is a man of courage .
This longtime NORML ally is sponsoring legislation in Congress to allow for the medical use of marijuana , and to strip the federal government of their power to criminalize the possession and use of pot by adults .
In the video below , provided by Tom Gregory at Huffington Post , Frank explains why he believes , “ There should be no federal laws against the personal use of marijuana , whether it ’s for medical purposes or not . ”
Hear , hear !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Justmorocco furniture imports creates an eclectic theme with moroccan furniture , moroccan decor , moroccan lamps .
We carry an exquisite selection of mother of pearl inlay furniture from mediterranean furniture to unique furniture & home decor , whether you wwould like to remodel your home choose from moroccan iliving room furniture to bedroom furniture or try our selection of middle eastern decoration to harem theme party decor ... we have just added some new items online , so please check them out .
All our selection is handmade by master artisans from Morocco .
Each of these moroccan lighting fixtures , moroccan sconce , moroccan nightstand , brass moroccan lantern and Most of our items are a ONE OF A KIND .
We do strive to bring to your home that missing piece of Moroccan furniture & home decor that you can't find somewhere else .
Thanks to CGI animation , the “ Star Wars ” saga is coming back to theaters this summer -- but George Lucas said fans should n’t get their hopes up about any future films that take the epic beyond the point of Darth Vader ’s death at the end of “ Return of the Jedi . ”
In other words , it ends with the Ewoks .
“ Whatever it is that happens afterward , ” the 63 - year - old filmmaker said , “ that is n’t the core ‘ Star Wars ’ story that I like to tell . ”
The stories that do interest Lucas are the ones that take place before Anakin Skywalker dons the ebony mask of Darth Vader , which is why he and his 5 - year - old Lucasfilm Animation venture will add a seventh feature film to the “ Star Wars ” canon on Aug. 15 with “ The Clone Wars . ”
The movie has been produced with state - of - the - art computer - generated animation and voice actors , including Samuel L. Jackson , reprising his Mace Windu character , and Anthony Daniels as the familiar voice of C - 3P0 .
The fact that Daniels is back raises the idea that this new approach could provide a digital fountain - of - youth for other original trilogy actors , such as Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher , who have n’t been in the universe of the Jedi since they frolicked with the furry Ewoks on the forested moon of Endor at the end of “ Return of the Jedi ” in 1983 .
If there ’s any force behind that concept , Lucas is n’t feeling it .
“ There really is n’t any story to tell there , ” the filmmaker said .
“ It ’s been covered in the books and video games and comic books , which are things I think are incredibly creative but that I do n’t really have anything to do with other than being the person who built the sandbox they ’re playing in . ”
In the non -film versions of the saga , for instance , Han Solo and Princess Leia marry and have three children , one of them named Anakin after his notorious grandfather .
All of it has been popular with core fans , but Lucas does n’t see any upside to extending the tale past the leafy luau on Endor where Vader ’s corpse was torched .
“ I get asked all the time , ‘ What happens after “ Return of the Jedi ” ? , ’ and there really is no answer for that , ” he said .
“ The movies were the story of Anakin Skywalker and Luke Skywalker , and when Luke saves the galaxy and redeems his father , that ’s where that story ends . ”
The “ Clone Wars ” film in August will lead into a weekly animated television series of the same title that will air on both the Cartoon Network and TNT beginning in the fall .
The new film and series will fill in gaps between “ Episode II : Attack of the Clones ” and “ Episode III : Revenge of the Sith ” with stories of Anakin , Padmé Amidala , Count Dooku and other second - trilogy characters .
“ ‘ The Clone Wars ’ is a lot of fun for me , because in the normal course of the Skywalker saga , what happened during the Clone Wars is never told -- we see a little of the beginning and a little of the end , but other than that , it ’s skipped over , ” Lucas said .
“ Obviously , during a war , there are lots and lots of stories , there ’s action , there ’s drama , there ’s heartbreak and sometimes there ’s comedy .
Anakin was a part of the Clone Wars , so it makes a certain sense to tell these stories , because they ultimately do affect him . ”
geoff.boucher@latimes.com
How to Create an Infinite Bandwidth Machine with Amazon S3
We have entered a new era of the internet .
An era of infinite bandwidth !
Now you can take advantage of Amazon 's vast network of servers to allow your website to survive even the most extreme spikes in bandwidth .
Here 's a tutorial on how to to access S3 like an FTP server to host your bandwidth sucking media files ( pictures , videos , mp3's , zips or any other type of file ) .
And in this article , I 'll show you how you can integrate your existing website on any typical hosting platform to " tap in " to this infinite bandwidth supply and leverage the power of the Amazon S3 infrastructure .
Some bandwidth hogging articles have recently been posted to Nerd Business .
A few readers have asked me , " are you crazy ? "
Indeed , hosting hundreds of wallpapers & thousands of icons for nerds across the globe may seem like bandwidth suicide .
And it certainly would be .
If you were a dumbass .
Hosting from any typical webhost means there are limitations on bandwidth .
You ca n't just host a thousand images on one page and expect to be lollygaggin ' as it hits the Digg front page .
With your " starter package hosting " one of two scenarios will happen :
A . Your site will go down after exceeding the bandwidth limit
B. Your Visa will max out from over - usage bandwidth fees
If you 're lucky , after hitting the bandwidth cap your site will simply be deactivated .
If however , you 're on a hosting plan that charges per GB of over - usage then the results can be disastrous ( to your credit card balance ) .
Even from a good host like MediaTemple they charge $ 2.56 per GB over quota .
So let 's say you were sleeping when your site suddenly landed on Digg front page and used a modest 100 GB over your quota by the time you awaken .
It would have cost you $ 256 !
Making it by far the most expensive day of webhosting you ever had .
Yet hosting thousands of images one one page and surviving the Digg effect without going bankrupt is possible with Amazon S3 .
In contrast to our Media Temple example , who charge $ 2.56 per GB over quota , Amazon S3 currently has a a flat rate of $ 0.18 per GB .
Meaning that the 100 GB of bandwidth used up while you were asleep would have only cost $ 18 .
Amazon S3 : the fuel for your machine
The beauty of Amazon S3 is that you can keep your crappy shared hosting package and simply " tap in " to leverage the S3 infrastructure when you need it .
One of the most effective , and easiest ways for a high traffic media website to utilize S3 is for hosting images .
You can setup S3 to host every image on your website ( I 'll show you how in a moment ) .
This gives you the advantage having S3 as a separate service to handle the bandwidth spikes while you stay under the bandwidth cap on your existing hosting platform .
Goobleygook , API , & Developer Stuff
The problem for many of us however , is that Amazon S3 is geared for developers .
If you expect to jump into S3 and start using it like an FTP to upload & share everything on your hard drive with the ubernet then you 'll soon hit a brick wall technical gargon .
That is , unless you 're reading this guide .
With the following tutorial I get straight to the point about how to use S3 as an FTP .
Read on to learn how to setup & configure your S3 account for " FTP like " easy file management .
How to Setup Amazon S3 for your Website
First get your Amazon Web Services account .
You can do so at : http://aws.amazon.com
Look under " Infrastructure Services " in the left hand navigation menu and choose Amazon Simple Storage Service ( or Amazon S3 for short ) .
Create an Amazon account if you have n't already got one .
You can use the same account as you do for buying stuff on Amazon .
Once you have your Amazon account setup & ready , you 'll get your AWS Access Identifies .
These keys are needed each time you connect to the S3 service .
Connecting to S3 with S3 Fox
Our tool for connecting to S3 like an FTP will be a handy little Firefox plugin called S3 Fox .
Download S3 Fox and install the plugin to your Firefox browser .
Once you have it installed , it will open in a mini window in the bottom corner of your browser .
Click the Manage Accounts button and enter your AWS Access Identifiers .
Voila !
You are now connected to the infinite bandwidth machine .
To upload files , first create a " bucket " which is essentially the term for a folder on S3 .
Then just use your system 's file browser to drag files into the S3 Fox .
Remote View window within S3 Fox .
Downloading Files from S3
For the purpose of this tutorial , upload a picture .
Once you have it uploaded , goto the Remote View tab , right click it and choose " Copy URL to clipboard " .
This is an easy way to get the URL of any file you upload to your S3 account .
The URL will be something like , http://myfolder.s3.amazonaws.com/mypicture.jpg
You 'll notice however , you get an XML error saying " Access Denied " .
Every file on your S3 server has an authentication variable that you 'll need to set to " Public " if you want to be able access it via the browser .
To do this , back in S3 Fox , right click your file and choose " Edit ACL " .
Ensure that Read access is checkmarked for everyone .
Click
Save then access the same URL and this time your picture will display .
If you 're working with a large number of files , repeat this process to set the ACL for an entire folder .
The best way to link to images from your website
You have images on S3 !
Yet before you go S3 crazy and start uploading all your website images I recommend you take an additional step to achieve the most ideal linking setup .
Having all of the images in your website link to an external site is not SEO friendly and can also set off some security alerts for your end users ( Popup blockers , Anti-virus , etc ) .
It 's best practice to always link to images within your own domain .
Yet how do we do this if S3 files have a different URL ?
The solution is to create a CNAME record in your DNS so you can link to images in your S3 account like this :
http://images.yoursite.com
Firstly , create a new bucket / folder in the root of your S3 account called s3.amazonaws.com .
This is the folder you will upload all of your bandwidth sucking images to .
Then create a CNAME entry for your domain called images with the address images.yourdomain.com
The process of creating a CNAME will depend on your webhosting provider , so refer to your webhost 's support documentation for reference if you need help .
With the CNAME created and the corresponding bucket in your S3 account you should now be able to access images within that folder via images.
yoursite.com/imagename.png
You can test this out by uploading an image to your newly created S3 bucket / folder and using S3 Fox to copy the URL again .
S3 Fox will generate a URL something like this : http://images.yoursite.com.s3.amazonaws.com/test.jpg
With the CNAME entry we created , you can also access the image by removing the " s3.amazonaws.com " so tai looks like this :
http://images.nerdbusiness.com/test.jpg
And now you 're in business .
Sizzle : Another Effective S3 Tool
S3 Fox is great yet I have found it to be tedious when working with the ACL for hundreds of images .
For a more in depth solution to managing your S3 server , check out Sizzle .
It 's a desktop app written in C# .
It works even more similar to an FTP but the biggest advantage to me is the queue window that shows the progress as it processes the hundreds of ACL settings at one time .
They say the grass is always greener on the other side , and while proponents of the Xbox 360 will always look upon its offerings with confidence and content , we ’re sure that a few ca n’t resist occasionally peeking over the fence to see what the neighbors are playing .
Obviously , the 360 has a fairly balanced line up of exclusive titles , but then again it ’s human nature to desire what you can’t have , and there are definitely some experiences on the PS3 that just are n’t available anywhere else .
So join us as we take a look at the top 5 PS3 games that 360 gamers would n’t mind seeing on their perspective console .
5. Final Fantasy XIII
Although the 360 does have Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey , both of which come directly from the man behind FF himself , there really is n’t a JRPG to be found on the 360 that comes anywhere close to matching Final Fantasy .
It ’s even quite possible that no other JRPG will ever out do this longstanding franchise .
To have the next chapter appear on the 360 would be a delight for any owner , and even the ones that do n’t enjoy RPG ’s would revel in their counterparts ’ anguish of losing one of Sony ’s most important exclusives .
Yes , the 360 did receive Final Fantasy XI , but everyone knows how MMO games usually pan out on Microsoft ’s console .
We ’re sure that most 360 gamers are still praying for the true arrival of this franchise , rather some shotty port of a lesser entry in the series .
4. Grand Turismo 5
Racing genre junkies who own both Xbox consoles have always been able to rely on getting their fix with the Project Gotham Racing series , but when it comes to the true gear heads that put motor oil in their breakfast cereal , no other series will substitute GT ( not even you Forza ) .
With over 900 cars , GT 5 offers a plethora of racing possibilities , and let ’s not forget those stunning graphics that make us feel like a deer caught in a pair of virtual headlights that can’t quite comprehend what it ’s seeing .
The only real comfort 360 owners can take in having to live without this franchise is that PS3 gamers may not be able to enjoy the full game until after 2009 .
3. Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune
There are n’t many other games quite like Uncharted in general , let alone on the 360 .
With its intuitive mix of platforming , puzzle solving , and straight up shooting , Uncharted delivers a blockbuster of an adventure that could compete with any summer movie release , and would surely please gamers of either platfom .
Not only is Uncharted an important title for its genre , but it also symbolizes the great gaming that can be had on the PS3 as one of the best titles the system has to offer .
We ca n’t really think of any good substitute on the 360 that offers the same style and story that Uncharted does , which makes it one of the most envied PS3 games of all .
Although the series is just starting out , do n’t bother hoping for a reverse BioShock effect , as Sony owns the developer , Naughty Dog .
2. Resistance 1&2
We can list Japanese RPG games or racing sims until HD - DVD makes a comeback , but the truth is that what 360 gamers really live for are First Person Shooters , so much that we did n’t use the usual acronym .
Yes , the 360 is by no means suffering any shortage in the shooter market , but the genre is so near and dear to many who own the console that some jealousy is to be expected at seeing PS3 owners enjoying one FPS franchise that Xbox owners cannot .
It ’s like taking a Star Wars fan and a Trekkie , then giving the latter a lock of George Lucas ’ hair .
With the sequel ’s promise of even more nifty weaponry and an astonishing 60 player online component , the Resistance games offer a very real FPS experience that just plain ca n’t be found on the 360 .
Blasphemy is n’t it ?
1. Metal Gear Solid 4
MGS 4 makes it to the top of our list not only because it happens to be the timeliest ( releasing this week ) , but the incredible history of rampant speculation concerning a 360 version point to one thing : Xbox gamers want it BAD .
Maybe the root of all this vague hope can be traced back to the taste of the franchise that Substance gave to the original Xbox , or perhaps the envy spawns from all the notoriety the series has in general .
Even the most ardent 360 fanboy cannot deny that the Metal Gear Solid series is a hallmark in the history of videogames , offering unrivaled stealth action with a storyline worthy of excessively long cutscenes .
Naturally , the most loyal Xbox owner would deny any desire to play it , but do n’t think for a second that a 360 port of MGS 4 would be any less successful than former Sony exclusive Grand Theft Auto .
Now before we starting getting a barrage of hate mail from all you 360 gamers threatening to carve three bloody quadrants into our foreheads , remember that this door swings both ways .
Stay tuned to TGR for a follow up article detailing all the best Xbox 360 exclusives that PlayStation fans dream of every night .
A lonely frog telephoned the Psychic Hotline and asked what his future holds .
His Personal Psychic Advisor tells him : " You are going to meet a beautiful young girl who will want to know everything about you . "
The frog is thrilled , " This is great !
Will I meet her at a party ? " he croaks .
" No , " says the psychic , " in biology class . "
The other day , I discussed languages which I thought were timeless .
Among them , I listed Lisp , C , and Forth .
After writing that posting , I spent some time playing with Forth again .
Today , while browsing Reddit , I stumbled on this interview with Charles Moore , the creator of Forth .
Forth is one of those languages , like Lisp , that I 'd recommend that everybody study at least for a time .
Even if you do n't walk away believing it's the Language to End All Languages , you 'll be better off for the experience .
In fact , Forth shares a lot of fundamental attributes with Lisp while at the same time appearing almost completely different to a programmer writing code .
Some of the shared attributes include :
Forth and Lisp both erupt from a very small nucleus of fundamental constructs .
As Alan Kay has described Lisp as being " Maxwell 's equations of sofware , " similar statements would also apply to Forth .
Both Forth and Lisp are fundamentally simple as a result .
Sure , the libraries could be huge , but learning the actual language itself , the core rules , requires no more than a few minutes for each language .
With both languages , there is a set of advanced rules ( things like macros for Lisp or compiling words for Forth ) , but the basics are trivial .
Forth and Lisp are duals of each other when it comes to their syntax .
In both cases , the programmer is essentially handing the system a direct representation of the parse tree .
The parsers for each language are trivial .
Lisp uses prefix notation , whereas Forth uses postfix : " (+ 1 2 ) " vs. " 1 2 + " for example .
The use of prefix notation semi-requires delimiters to be inserted , giving us Lisp 's beloved / hated parenthesis .
With Forth , all computation revolves around the stack .
Because the operation always occurs after the parameters are pushed , you do n't need the delimiters .
Words simply consume whatever parameters from the stack that they want to .
One implication of this , however , is that you can do things like " (+ 1 2 3 4 ) " in Lisp .
In Forth , this ends up being either " 1 2 + 3 + 4 + " or " 4 3 1 2 + + + " .
Forth and Lisp are both extensible .
When you create a new function or macro in Lisp , you 're extending the language itself .
Your new function or macro is a peer with everything else in the language , not a red - headed stepchild .
Similarly , with Forth , a word is a word is a word .
You can create Forth words that interact with the compiler and do all sorts of crazy stuff .
Most Forth systems also include an assembler so you can create high - performance , primitive Forth words as well .
Forth and Lisp are both interactive .
They both use a REPL .
Forth does n't call it that , but that 's what it is .
The benefits of this are similar in both .
You tend to code a little , then test a little , then code a little , then test a little .
In the interview with Moore linked above , you can see where he talks about the speed at which things got developed as a result of the interactivity of his Forth system .
Forth and Lisp both include a compiler .
I guess this really is n't a fundamental attribute of Lisp itself ( you could be fully interpreted ) , but most Lisp systems do have a compiler .
In some cases , that compiler can be pretty simple and primitive .
In other cases , it could be very sophisticated ( CMUCL / SBCL ) .
With Forth , the compiler for threaded code is both fundamental and at the same time trivial .
More sophisticated Forth systems can create more complex compilers ( subroutine threading , superoperations , etc. ) , but those are not required .
All that said , Forth and Lisp are also very different :
Typically , Forth operates at the machine level , with very direct exposed representations for objects .
Forth programmers think in terms of machine words , bits and bytes .
In some parts of a given program , a given bit pattern will represent a character or pointer or whatever , but from Forth 's point of view they 're all just bit patterns in a machine word .
In contrast , Lisp programmers operate a higher levels of representation with first - class status for things like symbols , numbers , characters , etc .
As a result of this " level difference , " Forth programs are more memory efficient than Lisp programs , but they 're also more dependent on the underlying machine fundamentals .
For instance , if you changed the word size of the machine , a Lisp programmer probably would n't be aware of it .
A Forth programmer might have to scramble to rewrite a good portion of the code .
But very useful Forth programs are measured in KB of size , not MB .
A big difference that typifies the issue of operating at the machine level vs. higher levels of abstraction is that Forth does n't include any GC capabilities .
All memory management must be done manually by the programmer .
Forth is n't very tolerant of program bugs .
Because you 're operating at the machine level , when things go wrong , you might end up with a crashed machine .
The Forth response to that is to just push the reset button and reload the system .
Because the compiler is so fast , you 'll be back to where you were before the crash in no -time .
In contrast , Lisp makes a lot of effort to land the programmer in an interactive debugging shell when it detects an error condition .
Note that people have proposed systems which bridge between the two worlds .
Factor is basically a Forth stack machine and syntax , augmented with high - level , Lisp - like data types and a GC .
The result is a system which delivers Forth - like syntax with a Lisp - like debugging and development environment .
Depending on your point of view , you 'll either think this is the best of both worlds or the worst .
For me personally , I like both Forth and Lisp , but I 'd use them in completely separate domains .
If I was working on a deeply embedded project , where I 'd want to be close to the machine architecture and where I had only a few KB into which to implement the program , I 'd choose Forth .
If I was writing a large application that would be running on a server with GBs of memory , I 'd choose Lisp .
Each works well within its target domain and the advantages of each are nearly the same : a small , extensible language with an iterative , interactive development environment .
As for systems like Factor , for me it's a " tweener " that does n't fit my needs .
By getting away from the machine details , adding high - level data types , GC , etc. , Factor necessarily pushes itself out of the embedded world .
You simply wo n't have microcontrollers running Factor .
And if I 'm going to be running on a system with an underlying operating system , a large graphical display , and GB of memory , I 'd rather do my development in Lisp .
While I like Forth , I find that Lisp 's sexpr notation more closely matches my thinking model .
With Forth 's implicit stack , I have to be thinking all the time about what data values are at what positions on the stack .
I 'd choose to deal with that for an embedded design to get all the other attributes of Forth in that environment , but with fewer constraints , I 'd choose Lisp over a " Forth with high - level data types and GC " like Factor .
Now , that 's just me .
For you , Factor may be the ticket .
Slava Pestov is not an idiot ( and you can quote me on that , Slava ) .
As Factor 's creator , he has obviously built a system that works well for him .
Other people who seem to have far better programming skills than I do are working with Factor , too .
The development environment they have put together seems to have borrowed a lot of ideas from Lisp machines , and I could see the Factor environment being really productive .
Whatever you choose , realize that all of these languages have some things they share .
And fundamentally , both Lisp and Forth are timeless .
Introduction
Today we 're going to build a simple online poker bot — the simplest possible online poker bot — in just a few hundred lines of code .
But first : have you ever tinkered around with an erector set ?
You remember .
Colorful cardboard boxes with see - through fronts .
Girders and gears , nuts and bolts , even the occasional electric motor .
A classic brand with over 90 years of building experience , Erector introduces an incredible 50 - Model building set .
It has a whopping 605 pieces for building 50 different models , including a helicopter , a construction truck with crane , a scooter and more .
A powerful 6V motor brings life to your creations , and special mechanical functions create unique and exciting movements .
Set includes an assortment of construction materials and fasteners , plus detailed , step - by - step instructions with photographs -- no reading required .
Requires 3 " AA " batteries , not included .
The thing that always appealed to me about Erector Sets ?
Ingredients .
Dozens of components , each with a specific , and yet generic , purpose .
Not to mention the recipes : instructions for assembling those components .
With a little time and some careful screwdriver work , you could build just about anything .
Charles Babbage , eat your heart out .
But what do erector sets have to do with poker , programming , and poker botting ?
Well , a lot of people have written me or left comments to the effect of : show us the code , buddy .
And for the past couple weeks I 've struggled with how to do that .
First , there 's a lot of code .
We 're talking a sizeable production code base , with various versions and branches , and a lot of half - finished one - off tools .
Utility libraries , hand evaluators , history analyzers , DLL injectors , you name it .
Second , I do n't have complete control over said code .
Before too long , I 'll introduce my poker buddy , botting partner , former client , and general co-conspirator , Mr. Anonymous .
He has a stake in all this , too .
Third , the code is quite valuable on its face .
Not because I 'm such a superb programmer , or poker player — I 've made more than my share of mistakes in both arenas — but because it's had the benefit of thousands of hours of work .
And as we start to publicize it , that value , that potential energy , depreciates .
So what to do ?
Sell it ?
Open - source it ?
Discuss it ?
And that 's when a friend sent me a link to the above picture and I thought : aha !
Erector sets .
Self - Contained Experimental Botting Goodness
Programmers , like poker players , have a behavioral profile .
They prefer a certain language , a certain methodology , a certain environment .
My favorite languages are C# and C ++.
Yours might be Java and PHP .
When it comes to botting ( or software automation in general ) we 're all hoping to take something different away from the table .
Some come to learn .
Some want to make money .
Some have a product they 'd like to build , or a built product they 'd like to automate .
Some are interested in poker , others spend their time on World of Warcraft , and still others invest their energy in the stock market .
Some want specific code they can download , build , and use .
Others just want the techniques .
So rather than posting isolated code samples without any context , and rather than posting a hundred thousand source lines of code without any focus , we 'll take the middle ground : the software erector set .
That 's a self - contained package of ingredients — source code , tools , information — together with instructions for turning those ingredients into something real and , as we progress further into the series , something useful .
That means various flavors of bots :
FoldBots
TrashBots
Autofolders
ShortBots
DeepBots
General ( non-poker ) software automation tools
Various poker - related tools :
Simulators
Hand Evaluators
History Analyzers
Poker Calculators
And some other stuff as well .
Obviously this is a little much to handle in a single series — you 'd end up with 400 articles , and I 'd have to start saying things like : " In Part 267 , I pointed out , for the fifty - sixth time , that DLL Injection is n't the only way to build a bot . "
The poker botting series will continue indefinitely .
But software automation and human emulation , poker - related and otherwise , will now be a primary content line on Coding the Wheel .
After all , that 's kind of what the name means .
Or did you think I just woke up one day and decided to start blogging about poker bots ?
The Simplest of All Possible Bots : Introducing the FoldBot
The first code sample / erector set I 'd like to present is what happens when you start to apply iterative , incremental development to online poker botting .
Before we tackle generic poker A.I. , let 's see if we can get a proof of concept up and running .
Let 's see if we can create a bot which :
Reads our hole cards
Clicks a button ( it does n't matter which )
This is what you might call the Ground Zero of software automation .
It 's where everything begins : software with the ability to see and touch .
( And when I say " see " I do n't mean image recognition , or at least , I do n't mean image recognition exclusively .
For a poker bot , " seeing " might be the ability to extract text from a window by snooping on window memory , sending a WM_GETTEXT , etc .
But the end result is the same . )
Here 's a picture of the FoldBot in action :
Simple .
The FoldBot is the simplest of all possible online poker bots .
It does n't understand , want to understand , or need to understand , poker .
It does n't understand online poker .
It does n't even know how to recognize a poker hand .
It only knows how to do three things :
INPUT : Extract your hole cards and other table information from one or more online poker tables .
PROCESSING : Decide to fold every hand ( yes , even pocket Aces ) .
OUTPUT : Click the Fold button when it 's your turn to act .
That 's the simplest possible Input stage , the simplest possible Processing stage , and the simplest possible Output stage .
And yet , with some additional work , the FoldBot can become a TrashBot ( a bot intended to fold garbage hands ) which in turn becomes an Autofolder ( a bot intended to automate preflop play ) which in turn becomes a ShortBot , which in turn becomes a DeepBot capable of playing deep - stacked poker on all rounds of betting , and so forth .
We 'll explore all of these at some point , and we 'll follow the long - established practice of giving short , often cute or cryptic , names to our bots .
Which Online Poker Venues Does It Support ?
The FoldBot is specialized for the PokerTime online poker venue ( http://www.pokertime.com) so you 'll need to download the ( free ) software and set up a ( play - money ) account in order to see it in action .
Why are we using PokerTime , instead of a more popular venue like PokerStars or Full Tilt ?
Because it makes our Input stage very simple .
But do n't worry : we 'll add support for Poker Stars , Full Tilt , and other major poker venues , shortly — in case they should feel left out of the botting extravaganza .
Extracting text from Poker Stars is slightly more difficult than PokerTime , but only slightly .
Botting rules apply here :
Botting Rule # 68 : It 's virtually impossible for a program to display human - readable text on the screen without exposing that text to other programs running on the machine .
You might as well not even try .
This is especially the case when the text has to be easy to read , as it does in online poker , where 4 x and 8 x multi-tabling is commonplace .
But even if we allow the text to be difficult to read , well , we 're fast approaching the time where if a human can read it , software can too .
As Jeff Atwood points out in CAPTCHA Is Dead , Long Live CAPTCHA ! , even CAPTCHAs which were once thought to be unbreakable — Google , Yahoo , Hotmail — have since been broken .
2008 is shaping up to be a very bad year indeed for CAPTCHAs : Jan 17 : InformationWeek reports Yahoo CAPTCHA broken
Feb 6 : Websense reports Hotmail CAPTCHA broken
Feb 22 : Websense reports Google CAPTCHA broken
Which means I am now 0 for 3 .
Understand that I am no fan of CAPTCHA .
I view them as a necessary and important evil , one of precious few things separating average internet users from a torrential deluge of email , comment , and forum spam .
In fact , I believe the text - only CAPTCHA is doomed to failure , as a long - term mechanism for separating the humans from the bots .
But I digress .
On to the code .
About the Code
Download the FoldBot Source Code ( C++/ Windows 145KB ) .
The FoldBot code consists of two small projects , both implemented in C ++.
The purpose of each project is straightforward :
XPokerBot .MfcView is the ( simple and minimalistic ) GUI .
This is a standard Windows executable ( .EXE ) .
XPokerBot .Hook is the payload containing the meat of the bot's " intelligence " .
This is a standard Windows dynamic - link library ( .DLL ) .
In order to build them , you 'll need :
Microsoft Visual Studio 2003 , 2005 , or 2008 .
VS2005 and VS2008 are both available as fully - functional , 90 - day trial editions .
The C++ Boost libraries ( for regular expression support ) .
This version of the bot has only been tested on Windows XP , so if you 're running Vista or Windows 2000 , you might have to do a little tweaking .
But far and away the most difficult part of building the source code is dealing with the Boost libraries .
For step - by - step instructions , check out Boost : Getting Started on Windows .
If you run into specific problems , you can try posting to the Boost Configuration forums on Nabble .
And if all else fails , why , you can simply comment out the Boost code .
It 's only used in a couple places , for regular expression support .
Rewriting that code to use plain vanilla string manipulation should be straightforward .
How It Works
The FoldBot , while simple , makes use of some interesting techniques :
Windows Hooks
DLL Injection
Window Subclassing
Rich Text Interception
Interprocess Communication ( IPC )
Regular Expressions
Input Simulation
Here 's what it does in a nutshell :
Inject the botting DLL into the poker client 's address space .
Respond to ( poker table ) window create notifications via the CBT hook .
Subclass the poker table 's ( RichEdit control ) chat window .
Intercept chat window text by listening for and parsing EM_STREAMIN messages .
Parse the text using simple regular expressions .
Simulate input ( clicking the Fold button ) at the right time , based on those messages .
Transmit hole card and table information to the poker bot GUI via simple IPC .
Not too bad .
No rocket science here .
Now let 's look at the individual steps .
Step 1 : Inject the DLL
The first thing the bot does is inject a DLL ( XPokerBot.Hook.dll ) into the poker client process , using the same CBT Hook injection technique I mentioned in Part 1 :
bool XPOKERBOTHOOK_API InstallHook ( )
{
g_hHook = SetWindowsHookEx ( WH_CBT , ( HOOKPROC ) CBTProc , g_hInstance , 0 ) ;
return g_hHook !
= NULL ;
}
That causes the DLL to be mapped into the address space of every process on the machine , including the poker client .
Normally we might be concerned about overhead , but this DLL is fairly small .
More to the point , it 's almost completely inert when instantiated in an irrelevant ( non-poker ) process .
As we start adding functionality to the DLL and it grows larger , we can switch to the two - stage injection approach :
But for now it 's not necessary .
Step 2 : Detect the opening and closing of poker windows
Another benefit of the CBT
Hook approach is that it gives us a handy way to detect the opening and closing of poker table windows , and any other top - level windows of interest :
LRESULT CALLBACK CBTProc ( int nCode , WPARAM wParam , LPARAM lParam )
{
if ( n Code < 0 )
return CallNextHookEx ( g_hHook , nCode , wParam , lParam ) ;
else if ( ! g_pClient )
return 0 ;
// Window was activated .
We currently use this to detect window creation also .
// Why not use HCBT_CREATE ?
Because often the window does n't yet have a caption
// when HCBT_CREATE is called , and our sample window - detection logic looks
// at the window caption to determine the type .
HWND hWnd = ( HWND ) wParam ;
if ( !
hWnd )
return 0 ;
if ( nCode == HCBT_ACTIVATE )
{
if ( ! g_pClient - > IsRegisteredWindow ( hWnd ) )
g_pClient - > TryRegisterWindow ( hWnd , NULL ) ;
}
else if ( nCode == HCBT_DESTROYWND )
{
if ( g_pClient - > IsRegisteredWindow ( hWnd ) )
g_pClient - > UnregisterWindow ( hWnd ) ;
}
// Return 0 to allow window creation / destruction / activation to proceed as normal .
return 0 ;
}
Here we can guess that that the HCBT_ACTIVATE message is sent when a given top - level window is activated , and that the HCBT_DESTROYWND message is sent when a given top - level window is closed .
And we have some simple code to store or remove the window to or from the list of " managed " windows in each case .
The only thing to note here is that we can't really use HCBT_CREATEWND notification when we 're answering the " is this a poker table window ? " question by examining the window caption .
That 's because the window caption is usually empty at the time the HCBT_CREATEWND notification is sent .
There are ways around this such as delayed creation but we do n't need to go to such lengths , certainly not for this incarnation of the bot .
Step 3 : Subclass the Chat Window
Now that we 're able to detect when poker table windows are opened and closed , we need to extract text from the table chat window .
The technique I 'm describing here will only work on certain windows , such as the Windows rich edit control , so it may or may not be appropriate for a particular poker client or other gaming application .
Basically we want to subclass the chat window , listen for the EM_STREAMIN message , and replace the callback function provided by the poker client with one of our own .
In this sample , I 'm subclassing the window when it 's first recruited into the poker botting runtime , but strictly speaking , the subclass does n't have to be installed until the user / bot actually sits down , or even until the user issues a command saying , " okay , automate this table for me . "
For each newly - created poker table window , the OnlinePokerClient : : TryRegisterWindow method creates a corresponding OnlineTableWindow - derived object — in this case , a PokerTimeTableWindow object .
During the construction of that object , we subclass the table 's chat window , allowing us to intercept messages sent ( by the PokerTime application ) to this window :
PokerTimeTableWindow :: PokerTimeTableWindow ( HWND hWnd , PokerTimePokerClient * client ) :
OnlineTableWindow ( hWnd , client )
{
// Find the chat box ...
HWND hwndChat = :: FindWindowEx ( hWnd , NULL , _T ( " RichEdit20W " ) , NULL ) ;
if ( hwndChat )
{
// And subclass it !
PokerTimeTableWindow :: OldRichWndProc = ( WNDPROC ) :: GetWindowLongPtr ( hwndChat , GWL_WNDPROC ) ;
:: SetWindowLongPtr ( hwndChat , GWL_WNDPROC , ( LONG_PTR ) PokerTimeTableWindow :: MyRichWndProc ) ;
}
}
Step 4 : Intercept chat window text
Technically speaking , the chat text window ( on PokerTime ) is a Rich Edit control .
In order to fill this window with text , the Poker Time client sends it a standard EM_STREAMIN message , which our code intercepts :
LRESULT PokerTimeTableWindow :: MyRichWndProc ( HWND hWnd , UINT msg , WPARAM wParam , LPARAM lParam )
{
EDITSTREAM * es = ( EDITSTREAM * ) lParam ;
if ( msg == EM_STREAMIN )
{
// Store the original EDITSTREAMCALLBACK and replace it with our own ..
PokerTimeTableWindow :: OldRichEditCB = es - > pfnCallback ;
es - > pfnCallback = PokerTimeTableWindow :: MyEditStreamCallback ;
// Hack - keep track of current window
PokerTimeTableWindow :: CurrentChatWindow = hWnd ;
}
// Call the original window procedure , with our new EDITSTREAMCALLBACK in place
LRESULT lRet = :: CallWindowProc ( PokerTimeTableWindow :: OldRichWndProc , hWnd , msg , wParam , lParam ) ;
if ( msg == EM_STREAMIN )
{
// Restore the original EDITSTREAMCALLBACK function
es - > pfnCallback = PokerTimeTableWindow :: OldRichEditCB ;
}
return lRet ;
}
If you 've ever worked with EM_STREAMIN before , you know that you have to provide it with a callback function — specifically , an EDITSTREAMCALLBACK function .
That 's just what the PokerTime client is doing .
What we want to do is somehow replace that callback function ( which we 'll call A ) with our own ( which we 'll call B ) .
We want Windows to call our callback ( B ) , which will in turn call the PokerTime callback ( A ) to retrieve the text .
That 's the purpose of these two lines of code :
// Store the original EDITSTREAMCALLBACK and replace it with our own ..
PokerTimeTableWindow :: OldRichEditCB = es - > pfnCallback ;
es - > pfnCallback = PokerTimeTableWindow :: MyEditStreamCallback ;
We 're actually overwriting the EDITSTREAMCALLBACK member of the EDITSTREAM structure passed in by the client .
So as far as Windows is concerned , it 's processing a perfectly normal EM_STREAMIN message .
And as far as the PokerTime client is concerned , it 's sending a perfectly normal EM_STREAMIN message which it expects to be handled by Windows .
Step 5 : Parse the Chat Text
In the meantime , we get a chance to parse the text generated by the poker client using a couple simple regular expressions :
DWORD CALLBACK PokerTimeTableWindow :: MyEditStreamCallback ( DWORD_PTR dwCookie , LPBYTE pbBuff , LONG numberOfBytes , LONG * actualBytes )
{
// Call the original ( PokerTime - provided ) callback to get the text ..
DWORD dwRet = PokerTimeTableWindow :: OldRichEditCB ( dwCookie , pbBuff , numberOfBytes , actualBytes ) ;
if ( 0 == dwRet && actualBytes && * actualBytes > 0 )
{
//
// do some busy work ...
//
//
We 're looking for the line ( in the PokerTime text window ) that looks like this :
//> Dealing Hole Cards ( 8d Kc )
boost :: smatch what ;
if ( boost :: regex_match ( line , what , regHoleCards , boost :: match_default | boost :: match_single_line ) && what .
size ( ) == 3 )
{
string sCard1 = what [ 1 ] ;
string sCard2 = what [ 2 ] ;
ApplicationProxy :: TransmitHoleCards ( ( sCard1 + s Card2 ) . c_str ( ) , hPokerTable ) ;
}
//> JohnDoe , you have 10 seconds to respond
//> JohnDoe , you have 5 seconds to respond
else if ( boost :: regex_match ( line , what , regWakeUp , boost :: match_default | boost :: match_single_line ) && what .
size ( ) == 3 )
{
string the Actor = what [ 1 ] ;
if ( the Actor == g_pClient - > LoggedInAs )
OnlinePokerExecutor :: PerformAction ( hPokerTable ) ;
}
Specifically , we 're looking for two pieces of text :
" Dealing Hole Cards ( Ah Ad ) "
" JohnDoe , you have 10 seconds to respond "
The equivalent regular expressions , stripped of the redundant C++ backslash escapes ( really makes you long for the world of verbatim @ strings such as we enjoy in C# , does n't it ? ) , look like this :
^\s*>\s* Dealing \ Hole\ Cards ( ?:\((.{ 2,3} ) \ (.{ 2,3} ) \ \) ) ?\s*$
^\s*>\s*(.* ) , \ you\ have\ ( \d+ ) \ seconds \ to\ respond\s * $
There are better regular expressions out there , but these are just an example .
Ultimately we 'll want to create a generic regular expression engine which is powerful enough to analyze text from multiple poker venues , using named capture groups .
But that 's a topic for another post .
Step 6 : Simulate User Input
The " JohnDoe , you have 10 seconds to respond " message is our v1.0 method of detecting when it 's our turn to act .
We 're obviously going to have to improve on that before we turn the bot loose , but for now , it 's an easy way to queue the logic to click the Fold button .
Once we know it 's our turn to act , we leverage our bot 's impressive A.I ...
Fold all hands without exception .
... and invoke our not - too - imaginatively named OnlinePokerExecutor object to perform the actual click of the Fold button .
//> JohnDoe , you have 10 seconds to respond
//> JohnDoe , you have 5 seconds to respond
else if ( boost :: regex_match ( line , what , regWakeUp , boost :: match_default | boost :: match_single_line ) && what .
size ( ) == 3 )
{
string the Actor = what [ 1 ] ;
if ( the Actor == g_pClient - > LoggedInAs )
OnlinePokerExecutor :: PerformAction ( hPokerTable ) ;
}
The implementation of that , unfortunately , is a little messy .
No matter ; we can abstract the details of input simulation away into an easy - to - use class .
For now , here 's a hard - coded , somewhat kludgy attempt :
void OnlinePokerExecutor :: PerformAction ( HWND hPokerTable )
{
// Coordinates of our click spot ( relative to poker table client area )
POINT ptCoords ;
ptCoords . x = 290 ;
ptCoords . y = 513 ;
//ptCoords.x = 450 ;
//ptCoords.y = 354 ;
// Convert client coords to screen
:: ClientToScreen ( hPokerTable , & ptCoords ) ;
//
Get the screen resolution
HDC hdc = :: GetDC ( NULL ) ;
int screenWidth = :: GetDeviceCaps ( hdc , HORZRES ) ;
int screenHeight = :: GetDeviceCaps ( hdc , VERTRES ) ;
:: ReleaseDC ( NULL , hdc ) ;
// Convert our screen coordinates to world coordinates
double temp1 = 65535 * ptCoords . x ;
double dX = temp1 / screenWidth ;
temp1 = 65535 * ptCoords . y ;
double dY = temp1 / screenHeight ;
// Now lets create our mouse inputs ..
INPUT input [ 4 ] ;
MOUSEINPUT mouseInput ;
// Move the mouse to the button ...
input [ 0 ] . type = INPUT_MOUSE ;
mouseInput . dx = ( int ) dX ;
mouseInput . dy = ( int ) dY ;
mouseInput .
mouseData = NULL ;
mouseInput . dwFlags = MOUSEEVENTF_MOVE | MOUSEEVENTF_ABSOLUTE ;
mouseInput . time = 0 ;
mouseInput . dwExtraInfo = 1001 ;
input [ 0 ] . mi = mouseInput ;
// Left - click the mouse down
input [ 1 ] . type = INPUT_MOUSE ;
mouseInput . dx = ( int ) dX ;
mouseInput . dy = ( int ) dY ;
mouseInput .
mouseData = NULL ;
mouseInput . dwFlags = MOUSEEVENTF_LEFTDOWN | MOUSEEVENTF_ABSOLUTE ;
mouseInput . time = 0 ;
mouseInput . dwExtraInfo = 1001 ;
input [ 1 ] . mi = mouseInput ;
// .. and release it
input [ 2 ] . type = INPUT_MOUSE ;
mouseInput . dx = ( int ) dX ;
mouseInput . dy = ( int ) dY ;
mouseInput .
mouseData = NULL ;
mouseInput . dwFlags = MOUSEEVENTF_LEFTUP
| MOUSEEVENTF_ABSOLUTE ;
mouseInput . time = 0 ;
mouseInput . dwExtraInfo = 1001 ;
input [ 2 ] . mi = mouseInput ;
// Move the mouse to where it was before
input [ 3 ] .
type = INPUT_MOUSE ;
mouseInput . dx = ( int ) dX ;
mouseInput . dy = ( int ) dY ;
mouseInput .
mouseData = NULL ;
mouseInput . dwFlags = MOUSEEVENTF_MOVE | MOUSEEVENTF_ABSOLUTE ;
mouseInput . time = 0 ;
mouseInput . dwExtraInfo = 1001 ;
//input [ 3 ]. mi = mouseInput ;
int numberOfInputs = 3 ;
// Remember which window has the focus , so we can restore it to that window .
GUITHREADINFO info ;
:: ZeroMemory ( & info , sizeof ( info ) ) ;
info .
cbSize = sizeof ( info ) ;
:: GetGUIThreadInfo ( NULL , & info ) ;
// Also get the current mouse position , so we can restore that .
POINT ptCursor ;
if ( :: GetCursorPos ( & ptCursor ) )
{
numberOfInputs ++ ;
temp1 = 65535 * ptCursor . x ;
mouseInput . dx = ( int ) ( temp1 / screenWidth ) ;
temp1 = 65535 * ptCursor . y ;
mouseInput . dy = ( int ) ( temp1 / screenHeight ) ;
input [ 3 ] . mi = mouseInput ;
}
//
Make sure this window is n't obscured behind some other window
:: BringWindowToTop ( hPokerTable ) ;
// Now actually send the mouse input
:: SendInput ( numberOfInputs , input , sizeof ( INPUT ) ) ;
// Reset the focus to the previous window
if ( info .
hwndFocus )
:: SetFocus ( info . hwndFocus ) ;
}
Another problem with the above input simulation is that the mouse coordinates ( button locations ) are hard - coded .
This is really the type of data you want to " file and forget " in an external XML or other settings file — which is just what we 'll do , in future versions of the bot .
We 'll also want to add random ( or normal distribution ) input timing along with a few other features .
And of course , SendInput is just one way of several ways to simulate user input .
Step 7 : Update the GUI
The last piece is to somehow get this data ( our hole cards and open tables ) to display in the bot 's UI .
The problem is that the bot user interface lives in one process , and our hook DLL lives in another .
So whatever we do is going to involve some sort of inter-process communication or IPC .
( Note , however , that you can create a full botting GUI , living entirely in the poker client 's process , without a separate .EXE at all . )
For now , let 's throw some " poor man 's IPC " at the problem by manhandling the data into a WM_COPYDATA message .
We 'll look at cleaner and more robust approaches as needed .
void ApplicationProxy :: TransmitHoleCards ( LPCSTR cards , HWND hPokerTable )
{
HWND hWnd = :: FindWindow ( NULL , _T ( " FoldBot v1.0a " ) ) ;
if ( hWnd )
{
COPYDATASTRUCT cds ;
:: ZeroMemory ( & cds , sizeof ( COPYDATASTRUCT ) ) ;
cds. dwData = ( DWORD ) hPokerTable ;
cds . lpData = ( PVOID ) cards ;
cds . cbData = strlen ( cards ) + 1 ;
:: SendMessage ( hWnd , WM_COPYDATA , ( WPARAM ) hPokerTable , ( LPARAM ) & cds ) ;
}
}
Meanwhile , the code sitting on the other side of that message can implement a WM_COPYDATA handler , extract the data , and display it appropriately .
Revisiting the Choice of Language
In Part One of this series , I suggested that the ideal language for bot - building was C ++.
A lot of people took that as a sort of language elitism .
So I 'd would now like to qualify that statement .
Build the bot in whatever language you 're most comfortable with .
When it comes to DLL injection , API hooking , log file snooping , stealth , and other " close to the metal " techniques , you 'll find these are easier in C and C++ than in other languages ( the greatest weakness of C / C ++ also happens to be its greatest strength ) .
It saves you the considerable trouble of accomplishing these things through P / Invoke or Interop or other virtualization layers .
But the bot 's domain modelling and A.I. aspects can and should be built in whatever langage you prefer .
It depends on your level of comfort with your current language , with C/C++ , and with the Windows API .
I used C++ ( and later , C# ) exclusively in the creation of the bot .
That 's C++ for the close - to - the - metal components , and C# for domain modelling and A.I .
So the code samples I publish , today and in the future , will more or less reflect that .
If you 'd rather see these techniques in another language : what are you waiting for ?
The code is n't going to walk out of the compiler and migrate itself .
Disclaimer
Like many programmers , I have an almost superhuman ability to produce ugly , buggy , downright evil code .
While the " production " botting source code has had the benefit of constant use and refactoring , the same can't be said for all of the samples I 'll be publishing .
In order to highlight particular techniques without burying innocent bystanders under an avalanche of sloc , I 've had to manhandle the source in various ways :
By removing error handling .
By collapsing objects or object hierarchies into global variables or removing them entirely .
By occasionally introducing classes , methods , etc. , which we 'll end up throwing away as we put together more powerful abstractions .
By relying on quick hacks and naive solutions when necessary to keep the code samples relevant .
By severing important dependencies .
By ignoring bugs when they 're irrelevant to the topic at hand .
And so forth .
So it should go without saying that the code is intended to illustrate practical techniques , rather than proper coding style .
Using the FoldBot
The instructions for use are bundled with the software , but here are the basic steps .
Build the FoldBot . Download the PokerTime client .
Create a play - money account .
Launch the FoldBot . Launch the PokerTime client .
Open one or more poker table windows .
The table name (s ) should appear in the Fold Bot GUI .
Sit down at one or more tables and wait for a hand .
Your hole cards should appear in the FoldBot GUI .
When it 's your turn to act , do n't do anything .
Wait .
Continue waiting until the PokerTime client prompts you with the message " so - and - so , you have 10 seconds to respond " .
Your hand should now be folded .
Leave the table(s ) .
The table (s ) should disappear from the FoldBot GUI .
The acid test for whether or not the FoldBot is actually working , is whether it displays PokerTime tables as you open them .
Look Ma! No Hands !
Even if you shut the FoldBot application ( .EXE ) down , it will continue folding your hands on any table which you opened up when the FoldBot was running .
Any tables opened after you close the FoldBot GUI wo n't be folded .
This has to do with the fact that , although we " pin " the Hook DLL in the poker client 's address space via a redundant call to LoadLibrary , the Windows CBT hook itself dies when the FoldBot GUI shuts down .
So the Hook DLL is still mapped , but you no longer receive CBT notifications , which means new windows do n't get subclassed .
This behavior is pretty easy to change but it's good to see an EXE - less , GUI - less bot in practice .
Conclusion
Believe it or not , we covered a lot of ground today .
Although this code is n't going to be too useful for established botters , except perhaps as a way to compare notes , it 's illustrative .
We 'll take these techniques and add them to our arsenal for the next incarnation of the bot : the TrashBot , a.k.a. , the first " useful " bot .
We 'll also reintroduce Detours , with a twist .
We 'll talk about what poker has to do with the Fastest Gun in the West .
And I might even tell you about how the Twelve of Spades changed my life , though I have a hard and fast rule to never , ever tell a bad beat story over the web .
And at some point we 'll have to take a stroll through the underbelly of poker , before too long .
Unscrupulous business practices ; routinely poor quality of service ; and the fact that yes , sometimes your opponents really CAN see your hole cards .
Until then : thanks for reading , as always , and good luck to you in your poker and programming struggles .
www.globalresearch.ca
Centre for Research on Globalisation Centre de recherche sur la mondialisation
September 11
" Revealing the Lies " on 9/11 Perpetuates the " Big Lie " by Michel Chossudovsky Text of Michel Chossudovsky 's keynote presentation at the opening plenary session ( 27 May 2004 ) to The International Citizens Inquiry Into 9/11 , Toronto , 25 - 30 May 2004 .
www.globalresearch.ca 27 May 2004
The URL of this article is : http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO404C.html
The Bush administration had numerous intelligence warnings .
" Revealing the lies " of Bush officials regarding these " intelligence warnings " has served to uphold Al Qaeda as the genuine threat , as an " outside enemy " , which threatens the security of America , when in fact Al Qaeda is a creation of the US intelligence apparatus .
America ’s leaders in Washington and Wall Street firmly believe in the righteousness of war and authoritarian forms of government as a means to " safeguarding democratic values " .
9/11 is the justification .
According to Homeland Security " the near - term attacks will either rival or exceed the 9/11 attacks " .
An actual " terrorist attack " on American soil would lead to the suspension of civilian government and the establishment of martial law .
In the words of Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge : " If we go to Red [ code alert ] ... it basically shuts down the country , " " You ask , ' Is it serious ? '
Yes , you bet your life .
People do n't do that unless it 's a serious situation . "
( Donald Rumsfeld ) The " Criminalization of the State " , is when war criminals legitimately occupy positions of authority , which enable them to decide " who are the criminals " , when in fact they are the criminals .
Michel Chossudovsky is the author of War and Globalization , The Truth behind September 11 at http://globalresearch.ca/globaloutlook/truth911.html
Revealing a lie does not necessarily lead to establishing the truth .
In fact the experience of the 9/11 Commission which has a mandate to investigate the September 11 attacks has proved exactly the opposite .
We know that the Bush administration had numerous " intelligence warnings " .
We know they had " intelligence " which confirmed that terrorists had the capacity of hijacking aircrafts and using them to target buildings .
Attorney General John Ashcroft had apparently been warned in August 2001 by the FBI to avoid commercial airlines , but this information was not made public .
( See Eric Smith at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/SMI402A.html )
The Pentagon had conducted a full fledged exercise on an airplane crashing into the Pentagon . ( See http://globalresearch.ca/articles/RYA404A.html )
We also know that senior Bush officials including Donald Rumsfeld and Condoleezza Rice lied under oath to the 9/11 commission , when they stated that they had no information or forewarning of impending terrorist attacks .
But we also know , from carefully documented research that :
There were stand - down orders on 9/11 .
The US Air force did not intervene .
see http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/ELS305A.html , Szamuely at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/SZA112A.html )
There was a cover -up of the WTC and Pentagon investigation .
The WTC rubble was confiscated .
( See Bill Manning at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/MAN309A.html
The plane debris at the Pentagon disappeared .
( See Thierry Meyssan , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/MEY204C.html )
Massive financial gains were made as a result of 9/11 , from insider trading leading up to 9/11 ( See Michael Ruppert , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/RUP110A.html . )
There is an ongoing financial scam underlying the 7.1 billion dollar insurance claim by the WTC leaseholder , following the collapse of the twin towers ( See Michel Chossudovsky , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO403B.html
Mystery surrounds WTC building 7 , which collapsed ( or was " pulled " down in the afternoon of 9/11 mysteriously ( For details see WTC - 7 : ( Scott Loughrey at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/LOU308A.html ) .
The White House is being accused by the critics of " criminal negligence " , for having casually disregarded the intelligence presented to president Bush and his national security team , and for not having acted to prevent the 9/11 terrorist attack .
The unfolding consensus is : " They knew but failed to act " .
This line of reasoning is appealing to many 9/11 critics and " Bush bashers " because it clearly places the blame on the Bush administration .
Yet in a bitter irony , the very process of revealing these lies and expressing public outrage has contributed to reinforcing the 9/11 cover-up .
" Revealing the lies " serves to present Al Qaeda as the genuine threat , as an " outside enemy " , which threatens the security of America , when in fact Al Qaeda is a creation of the US intelligence apparatus .
The presumption is that these forewarnings and intelligence briefs emanating from the intelligence establishment constitute a true and unbiased representation of the terrorist threat .
Meanwhile , the history of Al Qaeda and the CIA has been shoved to the background .
The fact that successive US governments since the Soviet - Afghan war have supported and abetted the Islamic terror network is no longer mentioned , for obvious reasons .
It would break the consensus regarding Al Qaeda as the outside enemy of America , which is a crucial building block of the entire National Security doctrine .
This central proposition that Islamic terrorists were responsible for 9/11 serves to justify everything else including the Patriot Act , the wars on Afghanistan and Iraq , the spiraling defense and homeland security budgets , the detention of thousands of people of Muslim faith on trumped up charges , the arrest and deportation to Guantanamo of alleged " enemy combatants " , etc .
The Central Role of Al Qaeda in Bush 's National Security Doctrine Spelled out in the National Security Strategy ( NSS ) , the preemptive " defensive war " doctrine and the " war on terrorism " against Al Qaeda constitute the two essential building blocks of the Pentagon 's propaganda campaign .
No Al Qaeda ,
No war on terrorism
No rogue States which sponsor Al Qaeda
No pretext for waging war .
No justification for invading and occupying Afghanistan and Iraq
No justification for sending in US special forces into numerous countries around the World .
No justification for developing tactical nuclear weapons to be used in conventional war theaters against Islamic terrorists , who according to official statements constitute a nuclear threat .
( See http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO405A.html ) .
The Administration 's post 9/11 nuclear doctrine , points to Al Qaeda as some kind of nuclear power .
" The Pentagon must prepare for all possible contingencies , especially now , when dozens of countries , and some terrorist groups , are engaged in secret weapon development programs . " ( quoted in William Arkin , Secret Plan Outlines the Unthinkable , Los Angeles Times , 9 March 2002 ) Central Role of al Qaeda in US Military Doctrine
The very existence of Al Qaeda constitutes the justification for a pre-emptive war against rogue states and terrorist organizations .
It is part of the indoctrination of US troops fighting in the Middle East .
It is also being used to justify the so - called " abuse " of POWs .
The objective is to present " preemptive military action " -- meaning war as an act of " self - defense " against two categories of enemies , " rogue States " and " Islamic terrorists " :
" The war against terrorists of global reach is a global enterprise of uncertain duration .
… America will act against such emerging threats before they are fully formed .
… Rogue states and terrorists do not seek to attack us using conventional means .
They know such attacks would fail .
Instead , they rely on acts of terror and , potentially , the use of weapons of mass destruction (…)
The targets of these attacks are our military forces and our civilian population , in direct violation of one of the principal norms of the law of warfare .
As was demonstrated by the losses on September 11 , 2001 , mass civilian casualties is the specific objective of terrorists and these losses would be exponentially more severe if terrorists acquired and used weapons of mass destruction .
The United States has long maintained the option of preemptive actions to counter a sufficient threat to our national security .
The greater the threat , the greater is the risk of inaction - and the more compelling the case for taking anticipatory action to defend ourselves , ( … ) .
To forestall or prevent such hostile acts by our adversaries , the United States will , if necessary , act preemptively . "
( National Security Strategy , White House , 2002 , http://www.whitehouse.gov/nsc/nss.html )
To justify pre-emptive military actions , including the use of nuclear weapons in conventional war theaters ( approved by the Senate in late 2003 ) , the National Security Doctrine requires the " fabrication " of a terrorist threat , -- ie . " an outside enemy . "
It also needs to link these terrorist threats to " State sponsorship " by the so - called " rogue states . "
But it also means that the various " massive casualty - producing events " allegedly by Al Qaeda ( the fabricated enemy ) are also part of the propaganda ploy which consists in upholding the Legend of an outside enemy .
9/11 and War Propaganda
In other words , the forewarnings sustain the Al Qaeda legend , which constitutes the cornerstone of the " war on terrorism " .
And the latter serves as a justification for America 's " pre-emptive wars " with a view to " protecting the homeland " .
One year before 9/11 , the Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) called for " some catastrophic and catalyzing event , like a new Pearl Harbor , " which would serve to galvanize US public opinion in support of a war agenda .
( See http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/NAC304A.html )
The PNAC architects seem to have anticipated with cynical accuracy , the use of the September 11 attacks as " a war pretext incident . "
The PNAC 's declared objective is " Defend the Homeland ' ' and " Fight and decisively win in multiple , simultaneous theater wars " , perform global constabulary funcitons including punitive military actions around the World , and the so - called " revolution in military affairs " , essentially meaning the development of a new range of sophisticated weaponry including the militarisation of outer space , the development of a new generation of nuclear weapons , etc. ( on nuclear weapons see http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO405A.html , , on the PNAC , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/NAC304A.html )
The PNAC 's reference to a " catastrophic and catalyzing event " echoes a similar statement by David Rockefeller to the United Nations Business Council in 1994 : " We are on the verge of global transformation .
All we need is the right major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order . "
Similarly , in the words Zbigniew Brzezinski in his book , The Grand Chessboard : .
" … it may find it more difficult to fashion a consensus [ in America ] on foreign policy issues , except in the circumstances of a truly massive and widely perceived direct external threat . "
Zbigniew Brzezinski , who was National Security Adviser to President Jimmy Carter was one of the key architects of the Al Qaeda network , created by the CIA at the onslaught of the Soviet Afghan war ( 1979 - 1989 ) .
( See Brzezinski at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/BRZ110A.print.html )
The " catastrophic and catalyzing event " as stated by the PNAC is an integral part of US military - intelligence planning .
General Franks , who led the military campaign into Iraq , pointed recently ( October 2003 ) to the role of a " massive casualty - producing event " to muster support for the imposition of military rule in America .
( See General Tommy Franks calls for Repeal of US Constitution , November 2003 , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/EDW311A.html ) .
Franks identifies the precise scenario whereby military rule will be established : " a terrorist , massive , casualty - producing event [ will occur ] somewhere in the Western world - it may be in the United States of America - that causes our population to question our own Constitution and to begin to militarize our country in order to avoid a repeat of another mass , casualty - producing event . "
( Ibid )
This statement from an individual , who was actively involved in military and intelligence planning at the highest levels , suggests that the " militarisation of our country " is an ongoing operational assumption .
It is part of the broader " Washington consensus " .
It identifies the Bush administration 's " roadmap " of war and " Homeland Defense . "
Needless to say , it is also an integral part of the neoliberal agenda .
The " terrorist massive casualty - producing event " is presented by General Franks as a crucial political turning point .
The resulting crisis and social turmoil are intended to facilitate a major shift in US political , social and institutional structures .
General Franks ' statement reflects a consensus within the US Military as to how events ought to unfold .
The " war on terrorism " is to provide a justification for repealing the Rule of Law , ultimately with a view to " preserving civil liberties . "
Franks ' interview suggests that an Al Qaeda sponsored terrorist attack will be used as a " trigger mechanism " for a military coup d'état in America .
The PNAC's " Pearl Harbor type event " would be used as a justification for declaring a State of emergency , leading to the establishment of a military government .
In many regards , the militarisation of civilian State institutions in the US is already functional under the facade of a bogus democracy .
Actual Terrorist Attacks
To be " effective " the fear and disinformation campaign cannot solely rely on unsubstantiated " warnings " of future attacks , it also requires " real " terrorist occurrences or " incidents " , which provide credibility to the Washington 's war plans .
These terrorist events are used to justify the implementation of " emergency measures " as well as " retaliatory military actions " .
They are required , in the present context , to create the illusion of " an outside enemy " that is threatening the American Homeland .
The triggering of " war pretext incidents " is part of the Pentagon 's assumptions .
In fact it is an integral part of US military history .
( See Richard Sanders , War Pretext Incidents , How to Start a War , Global Outlook , published in two parts , Issues 2 and 3 , 2002 -2003 ) .
In 1962 , the Joint Chiefs of Staff had envisaged a secret plan entitled " Operation Northwoods " , to deliberately trigger civilian casualties to justify the invasion of Cuba : " We could blow up a U.S. ship in Guantanamo Bay and blame Cuba , " " We could develop a Communist Cuban terror campaign in the Miami area , in other Florida cities and even in Washington " " casualty lists in U.S. newspapers would cause a helpful wave of national indignation . "
( See the declassified Top Secret 1962 document titled " Justification for U.S. Military Intervention in Cuba " 16 ( See Operation Northwoods at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/NOR111A.html ) .
There is no evidence that the Pentagon or the CIA played a direct role in recent terrorist attacks , including those in Indonesia ( 2002 ) , India ( 2001 ) , Turkey ( 2003 ) and Saudi Arabia ( 2003 ) .
According to the reports , the attacks were undertaken by organizations ( or cells of these organizations ) , which operate quite independently , with a certain degree of autonomy .
This independence is in the very nature of a covert intelligence operation .
The « intelligence asset » is not in direct contact with its covert sponsors .
It is not necessarily cognizant of the role it plays on behalf of its intelligence sponsors .
The fundamental question is who is behind them ?
Through what sources are they being financed ?
What is the underlying network of ties ?
For instance , in the case of the 2002 Bali bomb attack , the alleged terrorist organization Jemaah Islamiah had links to Indonesia 's military intelligence ( BIN ) , which in turn has links to the CIA and Australian intelligence .
The December 2001 terrorist attacks on the Indian Parliament -- which contributed to pushing India and Pakistan to the brink of war -- were allegedly conducted by two Pakistan - based rebel groups , Lashkar - e - Taiba ( " Army of the Pure " ) and Jaish - e - Muhammad ( " Army of Mohammed " ) , both of which according to the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) are supported by Pakistan 's ISI .
( Council on Foreign Relations at http://www.terrorismanswers.com/groups/harakat2.html , Washington 2002 ) .
What the CFR fails to acknowledge is the crucial relationship between the ISI and the CIA and the fact that the ISI continues to support Lashkar , Jaish and the militant Jammu and Kashmir Hizbul Mujahideen ( JKHM ) , while also collaborating with the CIA .
( For further details see Michel Chossudovsky , Fabricating an Enemy , March 2003 , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO301B.html )
A 2002 classified outbrief drafted to guide the Pentagon " calls for the creation of a so - called ' Proactive , Pre-emptive Operations Group ' ( P2OG ) , to launch secret operations aimed at " stimulating reactions " among terrorists and states possessing weapons of mass destruction -- that is , for instance , prodding terrorist cells into action and exposing themselves to ' quick - response ' attacks by U.S. forces . "
( William Arkin , The Secret War , The Los Angeles Times , 27 October 2002 ) The P2OG initiative is nothing new .
It essentially extends an existing apparatus of covert operations .
Amply documented , the CIA has supported terrorist groups since the Cold War era .
This " prodding of terrorist cells " under covert intelligence operations often requires the infiltration and training of the radical groups linked to Al Qaeda .
In this regard , covert support by the US military and intelligence apparatus has been channeled to various Islamic terrorist organizations through a complex network of intermediaries and intelligence proxies .
( See below in relation to the Balkans )
Foreknowledge is a Red Herring
Foreknowledge implies and requires the existence of this " outside enemy " , who is attacking America .
Amply documented , the Islamic brigades and Al Qaeda including the madrassas and the CIA sponsored training camps in Afghanistan are a creation of the CIA .
The Taliban were " graduates " of the madrassas , which formed a Us sponsored government in 1996 .
During the Cold War , but also in its aftermath , the CIA using Pakistan 's Military Intelligence apparatus as a go - between played a key role in training the Mujahideen .
In turn , the CIA - sponsored guerrilla training was integrated with the teachings of Islam .
Every single US administration since Jimmy Carter has consistently supported the so - called " Militant Islamic Base " , including Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda , as part of their foreign policy agenda .
And in this regard , the Democrats and the Republicans have worked hand in glove .
In fact , it is the US military and intelligence establishment which has provided continuity in US foreign policy .
Media Reports on Al Qaeda and Pakistan 's Military Intelligence ( ISI )
It is indeed revealing that in virtually all post 9/11 terrorist occurrences , the terrorist organization is reported ( by the media and in official statements ) as having " ties to Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda " .
This in itself is a crucial piece of information .
Of course , the fact that Al Qaeda is a creation of the CIA is neither mentioned in the press reports nor is it considered relevant to an understanding of these terrorist occurrences .
The ties of these terrorist organizations ( particularly those in Asia ) to Pakistan 's military intelligence ( ISI ) is acknowledged in a few cases by official sources and press dispatches .
Confirmed by the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , some of these groups are said to have links to Pakistan 's ISI , without identifying the nature of these links .
Needless to say , this information is crucial in identifying the sponsors of these terrorist attacks .
In other words , the ISI is said to support these terrorist organizations , while at same time maintaining close ties to the CIA .
In other words , the focus on foreknowledge has served to usefully distract attention from the US government 's longstanding relationship to the terror network since the Soviet - Afghan war , which inevitably raises the broader issue of treason and war crimes .
The foreknowledge issue in a sense erases the historical record because it denies a relationship between Al Qaeda and successive US administrations .
The administration is accused of not acting upon these terrorist warnings .
In the words of Richard Clarke :
" we must try to achieve a level of public discourse on these issues that is simultaneously energetic and mutually respectful ...
We all want to defeat the jihadists .
[ this is the consensus ]
To do that , we need to encourage an active , critical and analytical debate in America about how that will best be done .
And if there is another major terrorist attack in this country , we must not panic or stifle debate as we did for too long after 9/11 . " ( New York Times , 25 April 2004 )
Bush and the White House intelligence team are said to have ignored these warnings .
Richard Clarke who was in charge of counter terrorism on the National Security Council until February 2003 has " apologized " to the American people and the families of the victims .
Had they acted in a responsible fashion , had they taken the intelligence briefings seriously , 3000 lives would have been saved on September 11 , 2001 .
But bear in mind that Richard Clarke was part of an intelligence team which was at the time providing support to Al Qaeda in the Balkans .
( See below )
This new anti-Bush consensus concerning the 9/11 attacks has engulfed part of the 9/11 truth movement .
The outright lies in sworn testimony to the 9/11 Commission have been denounced in chorus ; the families of the victims have expressed their indignation .
The debate centers on whether the administration is responsible for an " intelligence failure " or whether it was the result of " incompetence . "
In both cases , the al Qaeda legend remains unchallenged .
The fact that Al Qaeda hijackers were responsible for 9/11 remains unchallenged .
Source of Terrorist Warnings
Beneath the rhetoric , nobody seems to have questioned the source of these warnings emanating from an intelligence apparatus , which is known to have supported Al Qaeda throughout the entire post cold War era .
In other words , are the terrorist warnings emanating out of the CIA a " true " representation of the terrorist threat or are they part of the process of disinformation which seeks precisely to uphold Al Qaeda as an " Enemy of the Homeland " .
Meanwhile , the issues of " cover - up and complicity " at the highest levels of the Bush administration , which were raised in the immediate wake of the 9/11 attacks have been shoved out .
The role of Bush officials , their documented links to the terror network , the business ties between the Bushes and bin Laden families , the role of Pakistan 's Military Intelligence ( ISI ) which supported and abetted Al Qaeda while working hand in glove with their US counterparts ( CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency ) , the fact that several Bush officials were the architects of Al Qaeda during the Reagan administration , as revealed by the Iran Contra investigation .
( See Michel Chossudovsky , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO303D.html
" The Saudis Did It "
All of this , which is carefully documented , is no longer relevant .
It is no longer an issue for debate and investigation .
What the media , as well as some of the key 9/11 investigators are pushing is that " The Saudis did it " .
The outside enemy Al Qaeda is said to be supported by supported by the Saudis .
This line of analysis , which characterizes the 1 trillion dollar law suit by the families of the victims led by Lawyer Ted Motley , is evidently flawed .
While it highlights the business ties between the Bushes and the bin Ladens , in does not challenge the legend of the outside enemy .
" The Saudis did it " is also part of the US foreign policy agenda , to be eventually used to discredit the Saudi monarchy and destabilize the Saudi financiers , who oversee 25 percent of the World 's oil reserves , ten times those of the US .
in fact , this process has already begun with the Saudi privatization program , which seeks to transfer Saudi wealth and assets into foreign ( Anglo - American ) hands .
The Saudi financiers were never prime movers .
They were proxies .
They played a subordinate role .
They worked closely with US intelligence and their American financial counterparts .
They were involved in the laundering of drug money working closely with the CIA .
Thew Wahabbi sects from Saudi Arabia were sent to Afghanistan to set up the madrassas .
The Saudis channeled covert financing to the various Islamic insurgencies on behalf of the CIA .
In other words , the " Saudis did It " consensus essentially contributes to whitewashing the Bush administration , while also providing pretext to destabilize Saudi Arabia .
" The Bush Lied " Consensus upholds " The Big Lie "
This emerging 9/11 consensus ( " Outside enemy " , intelligence failures , criminal negligence , " the Saudis did it " , etc. ) which is making its way into American history books , is " they knew , but failed to act " .
It was incompetence or criminal negligence but it was not treason .
The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were " just wars " , they were undertaken in accordance with the National Security doctrine , which views Al Qaeda as the outside enemy .
It is worth noting that at the outset of the war on Afghanistan , a number of prominent Western intellectuals , trade union and civil society leaders supported the " Just War " concept .
While the Bush administration takes the blame , the " war on terrorism " and its humanitarian mandate remain functionally intact .
Meanwhile , everybody has their eyes riveted on the fact that Bush officials lied under oath regarding the terrorist warnings .
Yet nobody seems to have begged the key question :
What is the significance of these warnings emanating from the intelligence apparatus , knowing that the CIA is the creator of Al Qaeda and that Al Qaeda is an " intelligence asset " .
In other words , the CIA is the sponsor of Al Qaeda and at the same time controls the warnings on impending terrorist attacks .
In other words , are Bush officials in sworn testimony to the 9/11 commission lying under oath on something which is true , or are they lying on something which is an even bigger lie ?
The Legend of the " Outside Enemy "
The 1993 WTC bombing was heralded by the Bush Administration as one of the earlier Al Qaeda attacks on the Homeland .
Since 9/11 , the 1993 WTC bombing has become part of " the 9/11 legend " which describes Al Qaeda as " an outside enemy . "
In the words of National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice ( April 2004 ) in sworn testimony at the 9/11 Commission : " The terrorist threat to our Nation did not emerge on September 11th , 2001 .
Long before that day , radical , freedom - hating terrorists declared war on America and on the civilized world .
The attack on the Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 , the hijacking of the Achille Lauro in 1985 , the rise of al - Qaida and the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 , the attacks on American installations in Saudi Arabia in 1995 and 1996 , the East Africa embassy bombings of 1998 , the attack on the USS Cole in 2000 , these and other atrocities were part of a sustained , systematic campaign to spread devastation and chaos and to murder innocent Americans . "
( See complete transcript of her testimony at ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/RIC404A.html )
Below we provide evidence of US - Al Qaeda collaboration from official sources which confirms unequivocally that Al Qaeda was a US sponsored " intelligence asset " during the entire post Cold War era .
POST COLD WAR ERA : Time Line of Al Qaeda - US Collaboration
1993 -1994 BOSNIAGATE
Clinton Administration collaborates with Al Qaeda ( 1993 - 1994 )
At the time of the 1993 WTC bombing , the Clinton Administration and al Qaeda were actively collaborating in joint military operations in Bosnia , as confirmed by an official congressional report emanating from the Republican Party .
The Clinton Administration 's " hands - on " involvement with the Islamic network 's arms pipeline included inspections of missiles from Iran by U.S. government officials .
The Militant Islamic Network ( page 5 ) : Along with the weapons , Iranian Revolutionary Guards and VEVAK intelligence operatives entered Bosnia in large numbers , along with thousands of mujahedin ( " holy warriors " ) from across the Muslim world .
Also engaged in the effort were several other Muslim countries ( including Brunei , Malaysia , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , and Turkey ) and a number of radical Muslim organizations .
For example , the role of one Sudan - based " humanitarian organization , " called the Third World Relief Agency , has been well documented .
The Clinton Administration 's " hands - on " involvement with the Islamic network 's arms pipeline included inspections of missiles from Iran by U.S. government officials . (...)
In short , the Clinton Administration 's policy of facilitating the delivery of arms to the Bosnian Muslims made it the de facto partner of an ongoing international network of governments and organizations pursuing their own agenda in Bosnia ...
For example , one such group about which details have come to light is the Third World Relief Agency ( TWRA ) , a Sudan - based , phoney humanitarian organization which has been a major link in the arms pipeline to Bosnia .
[ " How Bosnia 's Muslims Dodged Arms Embargo : Relief Agency Brokered Aid From Nations , Radical Groups , " Washington Post , 9/22/96 ; see also " Saudis Funded Weapons For Bosnia , Official Says : $ 300 Million Program Had U.S. ' Stealth Cooperation ' , " Washington Post , 2/2/96 ]
TWA is believed to be connected with such fixtures of the Islamic terror network as Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman ( the convicted mastermind behind the 1993 World Trade Center bombing ) and Osama Binladen , a wealthy Saudi emigre believed to bankroll numerous militant groups .
[ WP , 9/22/96 ] bold added Clinton Administration supported the " Militant Islamic Base " , Senate Press Release , US Congress , 16 January 1997 , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/DCH109A.html original Senate Document http://www.senate.gov/~rpc/releases/1997/iran.htm
The alleged terrorist Sheik Omar Abdul Rahman was sentenced as the mastermind behind the 1993 WTC bombings and subsequently convicted to life imprisonment .
From the Horse 's Mouth
In a bitter irony , the same individual Omar Abdul Rahman was identified in the 1997 Report of the Republican Party Policy Committee of the US Senate ( see above ) as collaborating with Clinton officials in bringing in weapons and Mujahideen into Bosnia .
In other words , the Republican party confirms that Omar Abdul Rahman and Al Qaeda were US sponsored " intelligence assets " .
When Bill Clinton , appeared before the 9/11 Commission ( April 2004 ) , was he questioned on his links to the terror network , including the mastermind of the 1993 WTC bombing ?
No !
What can conclude : A Clinton - Osama - Abdel Rahman Triangle .
The Foreknowledge issue falls flat on its face .
What we are dealing with is " Treason " and Cover - up " on the history of the Clinton Administration 's links to the alleged " Outside Enemy " .
Treason is defined as : " consciously and purposely acting to aid its enemies . "
1995 -1999 .
NATO AND THE US MILITARY COLLABORATED WITH AL QAEDA IN KOSOVO ( 1995 - 1999 )
We provide below several statements from Congressional records which point to US support to the terror network in Kosovo ( 1995 - 1999 ) and which amply refute the existence of an " Outside Enemy " Frank Ciluffo of the Globalized Organized Crime Program in a testimony presented to the House of Representatives Judicial Committee :
What was largely hidden from public view was the fact that the KLA raise part of their funds from the sale of narcotics .
Albania and Kosovo lie at the heart of the Balkan Route that links the " Golden Crescent " of Afghanistan and Pakistan to the drug markets of Europe .
This route is worth an estimated $ 400 billion a year and handles 80 per cent of heroin destined for Europe .
( U.S. Congress , Testimony of Frank J. Cilluffo , Deputy Director of the Global Organized Crime Program , to the House Judiciary Committee , Washington DC , 13 December 2000 ) Ralf Mutschke of Interpol 's Criminal Intelligence division , also in a testimony to the House Judicial Committee : The U.S. State Department listed the KLA as a terrorist organization , indicating that it was financing its operations with money from the international heroin trade and loans from Islamic countries and individuals , among them allegedly Osama bin Laden .
Another link to bin Laden is the fact that the brother of a leader in an Egyptian Jihad organization and also a military commander of Osama bin Laden , was leading an elite KLA unit during the Kosovo conflict .
( U.S. Congress , House Judicial Committee , Washington DC , 13 December 2000 ) Rep. John Kasich of the House Armed Services Committee : " We connected ourselves [ in 1998 - 99 ] with the KLA , which was the staging point for bin Laden . " ( U.S. Congress , Transcripts of the House Armed Services Committee , Washington , DC , 5 October 1999 )
In 1999 , Senator Jo Lieberman stated authoritatively that " Fighting for the KLA is fighting for human rights and American values . "
In making this statement he knew that the KLA was supported by Osama bin Laden .
What can we conclude from these and other statements ?
The transcripts from Congressional documents refute the existence of the " outside enemy " .
Al Qaeda ( our " intelligence asset " ) supported and continues to support the KLA .
The Clinton administration supported the KLA .
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright coveted KLA leaders Hashim Thaci .
Military Professional Resources ( MPRI ) , a mercenary company on contract to the Pentagon was involved in the training the KLA .
The KLA was also trained by US and British Special Forces .
But the KLA was also trained by Al Qaeda .
The US collaborated in training a terrorist organization which has with links to al Qaeda , the drug trade and organized crime .
The Bush Administration has followed in the footsteps of the Clinton administration .
The KLA is supported by the US military , while also being backed by Al Qaeda .
2000 - 2001 : 8/01 : THE ISLAMIC MILITANT NETWORK , NATO AND THE US MILITARY JOIN HANDS IN MACEDONIA Barely a few weeks before 9/11 , in August 2001 , senior U.S. military advisers from a private mercenary outfit on contract to the Pentagon ( MPRI ) , were advising the self - proclaimed National Liberation Army ( NLA ) of Macedonia .
Mujahideen detached by Al Qaeda from the Middle East and C entral Asia were fighting in a paramilitary army , which was also supported by the US military and NATO .
The NLA is a proxy of the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) .
In turn , the KLA and the UN - sponsored Kosovo Protection Corps ( KPC ) are identical institutions with the same commanders and military personnel .
KPC Commanders on UN salaries are fighting in the NLA together with the Mujahideen .
Ironically , while supported and financed by Osama bin Laden ' s Al Qaeda , the KLA - NLA is also supported by NATO and the United Nations mission to Kosovo ( UNMIK ) .
In fact , the Islamic Militant Network also using Pakistan 's Inter Service Intelligence ( ISI ) as the CIA 's go - between still constitutes an integral part of Washington= s covert military - intelligence operations in Macedonia and Southern Serbia .
The KLA - NLA terrorists are funded from U.S. military aid , the United Nations peace - keeping budget , as well as by several Islamic organizations including Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda .
Drug money is also being used to finance the terrorists with the complicity of the U.S. government .
The recruitment of Mujahideen to fight in the ranks of the NLA in Macedonia is implemented through various Islamic groups .
U.S. military advisers mingle with the Mujahideen within the same paramilitary force ; Western mercenaries from NATO countries fight alongside the Mujahideen recruited in the Middle East and Central Asia .
And the U.S. media calls this a > blowback= where so - called " intelligence assets " have gone against their sponsors !
But this did not happen during the Cold War !
It happened in Macedonia in the months leading up to 9/11 .
And it is confirmed by numerous press reports , eyewitness accounts , photographic evidence as well as official statements by the Macedonian Prime Minister , who has accused the Western military alliance of supporting the terrorists .
Moreover , the official Macedonian News Agency ( MIA ) has pointed to the complicity between Washington ' s envoy Ambassador James Pardew and the NLA terrorists .
In other words , the so - called " intelligence assets " were still serving the interests of their U.S. sponsors .
8/06 THE AUGUST 6 , 2001 THE PRESIDENTIAL INTELLIGENCE BRIEFING ( PDB )
The August 6 2001 intelligence briefing ( PDB ) prepared for President George W. Bush was entitled " Bin Ladin Determined To Strike in US " .
PDBs are prepared at CIA headquarters at Langley and are presented to President Bush on a daily basis in the form of an oral briefing by CIA Director George Tenet .
Below are selected excerpts from the PDB .
The complete text of the August 6 , 2001 PDB can be consulted at http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/WHI404A.html
The presumption in media reports is that this August 6 PDB is based on an actual terror threat .
In fact , what the PTB does is to fabricate a terror threat .
Below are few selected excerpts .
" Clandestine , foreign government , and media reports indicate Bin Ladin since 1997 has wanted to conduct terrorist attacks in the US . "
[ This statement is disinformation .
During that period the US was collaborating with Al Qaeda in the Balkans , see above ]
" We have not been able to corroborate some of the more sensational threat reporting , such as that from a ... ( redacted portion ) ... service in 1998 saying that Bin Ladin wanted to hijack a US aircraft to gain the release of “ Blind Shaykh ” ’ Umar ’ Abd al - Rahman and other US - held extremists .
Nevertheless , FBI information since that time indicates patterns of suspicious activity in this country consistent with preparations for hijackings or other types of attacks , including recent surveillance of federal buildings in New York .
[ Does the CIA Director inform the president that a proxy organization of Sheik Abdu Rahman was actually collaborating with US military inspectors in Bosnia as confirmed by the 1997 Republican Party Committee report . ]
The FBI is conducting approximately 70 full field investigations throughout the US that it considers Bin Ladin - related .
CIA and the FBI are investigating a call to our Embassy in the UAE in May saying that a group of Bin Ladin supporters was in the US planning attacks with explosives .
[ Does the CIA Director advise the president that Osama bin Laden was in the UAE in July of that year receiving treatment for a kidney condition at the American Hospital in Dubai and that the American hospital has close links to the US embassy ( See the report published in Le Figaro , http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/RIC111B.html ) ]
8/27-8/30 2001 AUGUST
27-30 : MISSION TO ISLAMABAD AND RAWALPINDI FOR INTELLIGENCE CONSULTATIONS
From the 27th to the 30th of August 2001 , barely a couple of weeks before 9/11 , the chairmen of the Senate and House intelligence committees , respectively Senator Bob Graham and Representative Porter Goss together with Senator Jon Kyl , were in Islamabad for " consultations " .
Meetings were held with President Musharraf and with Pakistan 's military and intelligence brass including the head of Pakistan ’s Inter Services Intelligence ( ISI ) General Mahmoud Ahmad .
( see http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO111A.html
An AFP report confirms that the US Congressional delegation also met the Afghan ambassador to Pakistan , Abdul Salam Zaeef .
At this meeting , which was barely mentioned by the US media , " Zaeef assured the US delegation [ on behalf of the Afghan government ] that the Taliban would never allow bin Laden to use Afghanistan to launch attacks on the US or any other country . "
( Agence France Presse ( AFP ) , 28 August 2001 . )
The September FBI Report
An FBI report released to ABC news in late September 2001 , which was subsequently confirmed by a Times of India report , suggests that Pakistan 's Military Intelligence ( ISI ) , headed by General Mahmoud Ahmad , played a key role in transferring money to the 9/11 hijackers .
General Mahmoud Ahmad had allegedly ordered the transfer of $ 100.000 to the alleged 9/11 ring - leader Mohamed Atta .
( See Michel Chossudovsky , War and Globalization , The Truth behind 9/11 , http://globalresearch.ca/globaloutlook/truth911.html )
As to September 11th , federal authorities have told ABC News they have now tracked more than $ 100,000 from banks in Pakistan , to two banks in Florida , to accounts held by suspected hijack ring leader Mohammed Atta .
As well , this morning , Time magazine is reporting that some of that money came in the days just before the attack and can be traced directly to people connected to Osama bin Laden .
It 's all part of what has been a successful FBI effort so far to close in on the hijacker=s high commander , the money men , the planners and the mastermind .
21 Note the sequencing of these meetings .
Bob Graham and Porter Goss were in Islamabad in late August 2001 , meeting General Mahmoud Ahmad , the alleged " money man " behind 9/11 .
The meetings with President Musharraf and the Afghan Ambassador were on the 27th of August , the mission was still in Islamabad on the 30th of August .
9 / 4 - 9/13 : HEAD OF PAKISTAN MILITARY INTELLIGENCE ( ISI ) ARRIVES IN WASHINGTON ON SEPTEMBER 4 , DEPARTS ON SEPTEMBER 13 General Mahmoud Ahmad arrived in Washington on an official visit of consultations barely a few days later ( September 4th ) .
During his visit to Washington he met his counterpart CIA director George Tenet and high ranking officials of the Bush administration including Richard Armitage and Colin Powell .
At the US congress , the General meets up with Senator Joseph Biden , Chairman of Foreign Relations Committee ( 13 Sept ) , Senator Bob Graham and Representative Porter Goss .
Graham and Goss , the men who hosted the general will alter be called upon to set up the Joint Senate - House Inquiry on 9/11 .
9/9 : THE ASSASSINATION OF THE LEADER OF THE NORTHERN ALLIANCE AHMAD SHAH MASSOOD
The leader of the Northern Alliance Commander Ahmad Shah Masood was mortally wounded in a kamikaze assassination on September 9 , 2001 .
It happened two days before the 9/11 attacks on the WTC and the Pentagon .
Masood later died from wounds suffered in the suicide attack on the Saturday ( 9/15 ) following 9/11 .
In the wake of the September 11 attacks , the killing of Ahmad Shah Masood was barely mentioned .
The broad media consensus was that the two events ( 9/9 and 9/11 ) were totally unrelated .
Yet the Northern Alliance had informed the Bush administration through an official communiqué that Pakistan 's ISI was allegedly implicated in the assassination :
" A Pakistani ISI - Osama - Taliban axis [ was responsible for ] plotting the assassination by two Arab suicide bombers ..
' We believe that this is a triangle between Osama bin Laden , ISI , which is the intelligence section of the Pakistani army , and the Taliban ' " ( The Northern Alliance 's statement was released on 14 September 2001 , quoted in Reuters , 15 September 2001 ) ' Pakistan 's ISI ( Inter - Services Intelligence ) , the Taliban and Osama bin Laden appear to be behind this plot . ' "
( AFP , 10 September 2001 )
In other words , there is reason to believe that the 9/9 and 9/11 are not isolated and unrelated events .
According to official statements and reports , the ISI was allegedly implicated in both events : the September 9 , 2001 assassination of Shah Masood and the financing of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
Both these events directly implicate senior officials in the Bush administration .
While the US media tacitly acknowledges the role of Pakistan 's ISI in the assassination of Shah Masood , it fails to dwell upon the more substantive issue :
How come the head of the ISI was in Washington , on an official visit , meeting Bush administration officials on the very same day Masood was assassinated ?
Had Masood not been assassinated , the Bush administration would not have been able to install their political puppet Hamid Karzai in Kaboul .
Masood rather rather than Hamid Karzai ( a former employee of UNOCAL oil company ) , would have become the head of the post - Taliban government formed in the wake of the U.S. bombings of Afghanistan .
9/10 OSAMA IN HOSPITAL ON 9/10 , ONE DAY BEFORE THE ATTACKS ON THE WTC Don Rumsfeld states that the whereabouts of Osama are unknown .
Yet , according to Dan Rather , CBS , Bin Laden was back in Hospital , one day before the 9/11 attacks , on September 10 , this time , courtesy of America 's indefectible ally Pakistan .
Pakistan 's Military Intelligence ( ISI ) told CBS that bin Laden had received dialysis treatment in Rawalpindi , at Pak Army 's headquarters : [ transcript of CBS report , see http://www.globalresearch.ca/articles/CBS203A.html , see also http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2002/01/28/eveningnews/main325887.shtml ]
It should be noted , that the hospital is directly under the jurisdiction of the Pakistani Armed Forces , which has close links to the Pentagon .
U.S. military advisers based in Rawalpindi . work closely with the Pakistani Armed Forces .
Again , no attempt was made to arrest America 's best known fugitive , but then maybe bin Laden was serving another " better purpose " .
Rumsfeld claimed at the time that he had no knowledge regarding Osama 's health .
( see CBS transcript above ) .
Needless to say , the CBS report is a crucial piece of information in the 9/11 jigsaw .
It refutes the administration 's claim that the whereabouts of bin Laden are unknown .
It points to a Pakistan connection , it suggests a cover - up at the highest levels of the Bush administration .
Dan Rather and Barry Petersen fail to draw the implications of their January 2002 report .
They fail to beg the question : where was Osama on 9/11 ?
If they are to stand by their report , the conclusion is obvious :
The administration is lying regarding the whereabouts of Osama .
If the CBS report is accurate and Osama had indeed been admitted to the Pakistani military hospital on September 10 , courtesy of America 's ally , he could still be in hospital in Rawalpindi on the 11th of September , when the attacks occurred .
In all probability , his whereabouts were known to US officials o n the morning of September 12 , when Secretary of State Colin Powell initiated negotiations with Pakistan , with a view to arresting and extraditing bin Laden .
These negotiations , led by General Mahmoud Ahmad , head of Pakistan 's military intelligence , on behalf of the government of President Pervez Musharraf , took place on the 12th and 13th of September in Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage 's office .
The general also met Colin Powell in discussions at the State Department on the 13th .
9/11 . THE FOLLOW -UP BREAKFAST MEETING ON CAPITOL HILL WITH GENERAL MAHMOUD AHMAD
On the morning of September 11 , the three lawmakers Bob Graham , Porter Goss and Jon Kyl ( who were part of the Congressional delegation to Pakistan ) were having breakfast on Capitol Hill with General Ahmad , the alleged " money - man " behind the 9 - 11 hijackers .
Also present at this meeting were Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. Maleeha Lodhi and several members of the Senate and House Intelligence committees were also present .
This meeting was described by one press report as a " follow - up meeting " to that held in Pakistan in late August .
( see above ) " On 8/30 , Senate Intelligence Committee chair Sen. Bob Graham ( D - FL ) ' was on a mission to learn more about terrorism . ' (…)
On 9/11 , Graham was back in DC ' in a follow - up meeting with ' Pakistan intelligence agency chief Mahmud Ahmed and House Intelligence Committee chair Porter Goss ( R- FL ) " 3 ( The Hotline , 1 October 2002 ) : While trivializing the importance of the 9/11 breakfast meeting , The Miami Herald ( 16 September 2001 ) confirms that General Ahmad also met Secretary of State Colin Powell in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
Again the political significance of the personal relationship between General Mahmoud ( the alleged " money man " behind 9/11 ) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is casually dismissed .
According to The Miami Herald , the high level meeting between the two men was not planned in advance .
It took place on the spur of the moment because of the shut down of air traffic , which prevented General Mahmoud from flying back home to Islamabad on a commercial flight , when in all probability the General and his delegation were traveling on a chartered government plane .
With the exception of the Florida press ( and Salon.com , 14 September ) , not a word was mentioned in the US media 's September coverage of 9 - 11 concerning this mysterious breakfast reunion .
Eight months later on the 18th of May , two days after the " BUSH KNEW " headline hit the tabloids , the Washington Post published an article on Porter Goss , entitled : " A Cloak But No Dagger ; An Ex -Spy Says He Seeks Solutions , Not Scapegoats for 9/11 " .
Focusing on his career as a CIA agent , the article largely served to underscore the integrity and commitment of Porter Goss to waging a " war on terrorism " .
Yet in an isolated paragraph , the article acknowledges the mysterious 9/11 breakfast meeting with ISI Chief Mahmoud Ahmad , while also confirming that " Ahmad :ran a spy agency notoriously close to Osama bin Laden and the Taliban " :
While the Washington Post scores in on the " notoriously close " links between General Ahmad and Osama bin Laden , it fails to dwell on the more important question : what were Rep. Porter Goss and Senator Bob Graham and other members of the Senate and House intelligence committees doing together with the alleged 9/11 " money - man " at breakfast on the morning of 9/11 .
In other words , the Washington Post report does not go one inch further in begging the real question :
Was this mysterious breakfast venue a " political lapse " , an intelligence failure or something far more serious ?
How come the very same individuals ( Goss and Graham ) who had developed a personal rapport with General Ahmad , had been entrusted under the joint committee inquiry " to reveal the truth on 9 - 11 . "
The media trivialises the breakfast meeting , it presents it as a simple fait divers and fails to " put two and two together " .
Neither does it acknowledge the fact , amply documented , that " the money - man " behind the hijackers had been entrusted by the Pakistani government to discuss the precise terms of Pakistan 's " collaboration " in the " war on terrorism " in meetings held behind closed doors at the State department on the 12th and 13th of September .
11 7 ( See Michel Chossudovsky , op cit ) 9/12-9/13 THE AFTERMATH , THE ALLEGED MONEYMAN MEETS COLIN POWELL AND RICHARD ARMITAGE
Bear in mind that the purpose of his meeting at the State Department on the 13th was only made public after the September 11 terrorist attacks when the Bush administration took the decision to formally seek the cooperation of Pakistan in its " campaign against international terrorism . " despite the links of Pakistan 's ISI to Osama bin Laden and the Taliban and its alleged role in the assassination of Commander Massoud .
2 days before 9/11 .
Meanwhile , the Western media in the face of mounting evidence had remained silent on the insidious role of Pakistan 's Military Intelligence agency ( ISI ) .
The assassination of Massoud was mentioned , but its political significance in relation to September 11 and the subsequent decision to go to war against Afghanistan was barely touched upon .
Without discussion or debate , Pakistan was heralded as a friend and an ally of America .
In an utterly twisted logic , the U.S. media concluded in chorus that : U.S. officials had sought cooperation from Pakistan [ precisely ] because it is the original backer of the Taliban , the hard - line Islamic leadership of Afghanistan accused by Washington of harboring bin Laden .
9
The Bush Administration had not only provided red carpet treatment to the alleged " money man " behind the 9 - 11 attacks , it also had sought his ‘ cooperation ' in the " war on terrorism " .
The precise terms of this ‘ cooperation ' were agreed upon between General Mahmoud Ahmad , representing the Pakistani government and Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage , in meetings at the State Department on September 12 and 13 .
In other words , the Administration decided in the immediate wake of 9 - 11 , to seek the ‘ cooperation ' of Pakistan 's ISI in " going after Osama " , despite the fact ( documented by the FBI ) that the ISI was financing and abetting the 9 - 11 terrorists .
Contradictory ?
One might say that it 's like " asking Al Capone to help in going after organized crime " 9/11 Timeline 1 . AL QAEDA IS BORN , THE COLD WAR ERA 1979 , LARGEST COVERT OPERATION IN THE HISTORY OF THE CIA LAUNCHED IN AFGHANISTAN , CREATING THE ISLAMIC BRIGADES TO FIGHT IN THE SOVIET AFGHAN - WAR .
AL QAEDA IS BORN 1985 , PRESIDENT REAGAN SIGNED NATIONAL SECURITY DECISION DIRECTIVE 166 AUTHORIZING
STEPPED UP COVERT MILITARY AID TO THE MUJAHIDEEN 1989 - END OF THE SOVIET - AFGHAN WAR , END OF THE COLD WAR , STEPPED UP COVERT OPERATIONS IN THE ( FORMER ) SOVIET UNION AND THE BALKANS 1996 THE TALIBAN FORM A GOVERNMENT WITH THE SUPPORT OF THE US
2. POST COLD WAR SUPPORT TO AL QAEDA IN THE BALKANS
1991 BEGINNING OF CIVIL WAR IN YUGOSLAVIA 1993-1994 CLINTON ADMINISTRATION COLLABORATES WITH AL QAEDA IN BOSNIA 1995 - 1999 .
NATO AND THE US MILITARY COLLABORATE WITH AL QAEDA IN KOSOVO 2000 - 2001 .
THE ISLAMIC MILITANT NETWORK , NATO , THE US MILITARY AND THE UNITED NATIONS MISSION IN KOSOVO JOIN HANDS IN MACEDONIA IN SUPPORTING THE NLA
3. SHORT TIMELINE ( JULY - SEPTEMBER 2001
7/01 JULY 2001 : OSAMA BIN LADEN IN THE AMERICAN HOSPITAL IN DUBAI , UAE 8/06 THE AUGUST 6 , 2001 THE PRESIDENTIAL INTELLIGENCE BRIEFING ( PDB )
8/27-8/30 2001 AUGUST 27-30 MISSION OF SENATOR BOB GRAHAM AND REP PORTER GOSS TO ISLAMABAD AND RAWALPINDI FOR INTELLIGENCE CONSULTATIONS
WITH PRESIDENT MUSHARRAF AND ISI CHIEF GENERAL MAHMOUD AHMAD 9 / 4 - 9/13 : HEAD OF PAKISTAN MILITARY INTELLIGENCE ( ISI ) ARRIVES IN WASHINGTON ON AN OFFICIAL VISIT .
ARRIVES ON SEPTEMBER 4 , DEPARTS ON SEPTEMBER 13 9/9 : THE ASSASSINATION OF THE LEADER OF THE NORTHERN ALLIANCE AHMAD SHAH MASSOOD 9/10 OSAMA IN HOSPITAL ON 9/10 , ONE DAY BEFORE THE ATTACKS ON THE WTC 9/11 .
11 SEPTEMBER : TERRORIST ATTACKS ON WTC AND PENTAGON .
FOLLOW -UP BREAKFAST MEETING ON CAPITOL HILL WITH GENERAL MAHMOUD AHMAD HOSTED BY SENATOR BOB GRAHAM AND REP PORTER GOSS .
THE " WAR ON TERRORISM " IS OFFICIALLY LAUNCHED 9/12-9/13 THE AFTERMATH , THE ALLEGED " MONEYMAN " GENERAL MAHMOUD AHMAD MEETS COLIN POWELL & RICHARD ARMITAGE AT THE STATE DEPARTMENT TO DISUCSS TERMS OF PAKISTAN’S COOPERATION IN THE WAR ON TERRORISM .
Who in the Bush Administration has Links to Al Qaeda ?
The Bush administration accuses people of having links to al Qaeda .
This is the doctrine behind the anti-terrorist legislation and homeland Security .
This relationship of the Bush Administration to international terrorism , which is a matter of public record , indelibly points to the criminalization of the upper echelons of US State apparatus .
Colin Powell 's Role : From Iran-Contra to September 11 Both Colin Powell and his Deputy Richard Armitage , who casually accused Baghdad and other foreign governments of " harboring " Al Qaeda , played a direct role , at different points in their careers , in supporting terrorist organizations .
Both men were implicated -- operating behind the scenes -- in the Irangate Contra scandal during the Reagan Administration , which involved the illegal sale of weapons to Iran to finance the Nicaraguan Contra paramilitary army .
[ Coronel Oliver ]
North set up a team including [ Richard ] Secord ; Noel Koch [ Armitage 's deputy ] , then assistant secretary at the Pentagon responsible for special operations ; George Cave , a former CIA station chief in Tehran , and Colin Powell , military assistant to U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger .. .( The Guardian , December 10 , 1986 ) Although Colin Powell was not directly involved in the arms ' transfer negotiations , which had been entrusted to Oliver North , he was among " at least five men within the Pentagon who knew arms were being transferred to the CIA . "
( The Record , 29 December 1986 ) .
Lieutenant General Powell was directly instrumental in giving the " green light " to lower - level Irangate officials in blatant violation of Congressional procedures .
According to the New York Times , Colin Powell took the decision ( at the level of military procurement ) , to allow the delivery of weapons to Iran : Hurriedly , one of the men closest to Secretary of Defense Weinberger , Maj. Gen. Colin Powell , bypassed the written '' focal point system ' ' procedures and ordered the Defense Logistics Agency [ responsible for procurement ] to turn over the first of 2,008 TOW missiles to the C.I.A. , which acted as cutout for delivery to Iran " ( New York Times , 16 February 1987 ) Richard Armitage Richard Armitage held the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan Administration .
He was in charge of coordinating covert military operations including the Iran - Contra operation .
He was in close liaison with Coronel Oliver North .
His deputy and chief anti-terrorist official .
Noel Koch was part of the team set up by Oliver North .
Following the delivery of the TOW anti-tank missiles to Iran , the proceeds of these sales were deposited in numbered bank accounts and the money was used to finance the Nicaraguan Contras .
( UPI . 27 November 1987 ) .
A classified Israeli report provided to the Iran - contra panels of the Congressional enquiry confirms that Armitage '' was in the picture on the Iranian issue . ''
( New York Times , 26 May 1989 ) : " With a Pentagon position that placed him over the military 's covert operations branch , Armitage was a party to the secret arms dealing from the outset .
He also was associated with former national security aide Oliver L. North in a White House counterterrorism group , another area that would also have been a likely focus of congressional inquiry " ( Washington Post , 26 May 1989 ) CIA Director William Casey with the collaboration of Richard Armitage in the Pentagon " ran the Mujahideen covert war against the Soviet Union … " ( quoted in Domestic Terrorism : The Big Lie The " War " ) " Contragate was also an off - the - shelf drug - financed operation run by Casey . "
( Ibid ) .
Financing the Islamic Brigades
The Iran Contra procedure was similar to that used in Afghanistan , where secret aid was channeled to the militant Islamic brigade ( US News and World Report , 15 December 1986 ) .
In fact part of the proceeds of the weapons sales to Iran had been channeled to finance the Mujahideen . : " : The Washington Post reported that profits from the Iran arms sales were deposited in one CIA - managed account into which the U.S. and Saudi Arabia had placed $ 250 million apiece .
That money was disbursed not only to the contras in Central America but to the rebels fighting Soviet troops in Afghanistan . " ( U.S. News & World Report , 15 December 1986 ) The Irangate Cover - up Reagan 's National Security Adviser Rear Admiral John Pointdexter , who was later indicted on conspiracy charges and lying to Congress was replaced by Frank Carlucci as National Security Adviser .
And Maj .
General Colin Powell was appointed deputy to Frank Carlucci , namely " ' number two " on the National Security team .
" Both came to the White House after the Iran contra revelations and the NSC housecleaning [ i.e. coverup ] that followed [ the Irangate scandal ] " ( The MacNeil / Lehrer NewsHour , 16 June 1987 ) .
Needless to say , this housecleaning was a cover - up : Colin Powell was in on the Irangate affair While several Irangate officials including John Pointdexter and Oliver North were accused of criminal wrongdoing , the main actors in the CIA and the Pentagon , namely Armitage and Casey , were never indicted , neither was Lieutenant General Colin Powell who authorized the procurement of TOW missiles from the Defense Logistics Agency .
Moreover , while weapons were being sold covertly to Iran , Washington was also supplying weapons through official channels to Baghdad .
In other words , Washington was arming both sides in the Iran - Iraq war .
And who was in charge of negotiating those weapons sales to Baghdad ?
Donald Rumsfeld
How to Reverse the Tide
September 11 has been used profusely by the Bush administration as a justification for waging a preemptive war without borders .
It is part of the Administration ’s doctrine of " self - defense " .
But that justification is based on a lie : that America is under attack by an outside enemy .
The so - called " War on Terrorism " is a lie .
Realities have been turned upside down .
Acts of war are heralded as " humanitarian interventions " geared towards restoring democracy .
Military occupation and the killing of civilians are presented as " peace - keeping operations . "
The derogation of civil liberties by imposing the so - called anti-terrorist legislation is portrayed as a means to providing domestic security and upholding civil liberties .
This system relies on the manipulation of public opinion .
The fabricated realities of the Bush administration must become indelible truths , which form part of a broad political and media consensus .
In this regard , the corporate media is an instrument of a de facto police state , which has carefully excluded , from the outset , any real understanding of the September 11 crisis .
Millions of people have been misled regarding the causes and consequences of September 11 .
When people across the US and around the World find out that Al Qaeda is not an outside enemy but a creation of US foreign policy and the CIA , the legitimacy of the Bush Administration will tumble like a deck of cards .
In other words , when the lies emanating from the seat of political authority are fully revealed , the perceived enemy will no longer be Al Qaeda but Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , Powell , et al .
Bear in mind that the Democrats are also complicit .
Democratic administrations have also supported Al Qaeda .
This relationship of successive US Administrations to international terrorism , which is a matter of public record , indelibly points to the criminalization of the upper echelons of US State apparatus .
Let 's use this information to dismantle the Bush Administration 's war plans .
Sensitize our fellow citizens .
Expose the " dubious links . "
Because when the truth trickles down , the leaders ' war and homeland security plans will not have a shred of legitimacy in the eyes of millions of Americans who believe that Al Qaeda is " A Threat to America " and that their president is committed to their security .
At this crucial juncture in our history , we must understand that antiwar sentiment in itself does not undermine the war agenda .
The only way to reverse the tide is to unseat the rulers , who are war criminals .
And the way to unseat the rulers is to break their legitimacy in the eyes of the people .
In other words , it is necessary to fully reveal the lies concerning the so - called " war on terrorism " to our fellow citizens , which were used to justify the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan and impose the police State in the US
A precondition for breaking the legitimacy of the Bush Administration is to fully reveal its links to international terrorism and its complicity in the tragic event of 9/11 .
This objective can only be achieved by effectively curbing its propaganda campaign and spreading the truth through a grassroots citizen 's information campaign .
Email this article to a friend
To express your opinion on this article , join the discussion at Global Research 's News and Discussion Forum , at http://globalresearch.ca.myforums.net/index.php
The Centre for Research on Globalization ( CRG ) at www.globalresearch.ca grants permission to cross-post original Global Research ( Canada ) articles in their entirety , or any portions thereof , on community internet sites , as long as the text & title of the article are not modified .
The source must be acknowledged as follows : Centre for Research on Globalization ( CRG ) at www.globalresearch.ca .
For cross-postings , kindly use the active URL hyperlink address of the original CRG article .
The author 's copyright note must be displayed .
© Copyright MICHEL CHOSSUDOVSKY 2004 .
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
It was a photo opportunity that was meant to signal a new dawn for Afghanistan .
In January 2006 , then British Prime Minister Tony Blair hosted a conference for some 60 international delegates in London on the future of the country .
Standing side by side with Tony Blair for the conference photo was US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , then UN head , Kofi Annan and Afghan President , Hamid Karzai .
According to the US State Department , the conference “ represented an historic milestone for the Afghan people and the international community ” in which “ Afghanistan sets its reconstruction and development priorities . ”
The centerpiece of the conference was the endorsement of the “ Afghanistan Compact ” , which set out an ambitious programme for Afghan development , committing to specific and achievable goals in security , governance , economic and social development .
The document also included an entire annex on “ improving the effectiveness of aid ” .
At the conference , the international community pledged some $ 10 billion dollars in aid .
For the photo , Karzai held a copy of the Compact proudly in his arms .
Now two years on a new report has shown that the Compact has been a complete failure and billions of aid money to the county has either been wasted or not even delivered .
The report is published by the Agency Coordinating Body for Afghan Relief ( ACBAR ) , which is a leading alliance of 94 national and international non-governmental organizations working in Afghanistan .
Its author Matt Waldman argues : “ The reconstruction of Afghanistan requires a sustained and substantial commitment of aid — but donors have failed to meet their aid pledges to Afghanistan .
Too much aid from rich countries is wasted , ineffective or uncoordinated . ”
It seems the last two years of effort has been wasted .
Even before the London conference in 2006 , the politicians knew they had a problem with aid money .
Despite the billions pouring into Afghanistan , there were already reports of wasted money , corruption and incompetence .
Just two months before the London meeting , the Washington Post had run a high profile piece entitled : “ A Rebuilding Plan Full of Cracks ” .
The paper noted that in September 2002 , the United States launched what would become an aggressive effort to build or refurbish as many as 1,000 schools and clinics by the end of 2004 .
However , Congressional figures showed that they managed to finish and hand back to the Afghan government only 40 schools by late 2005 .
This story of failure was not unique .
At the time , the World Bank director in Afghanistan Jean Mazurell estimated that between 35 to 40 percent of the aid was “ badly spent ” .
“ In Afghanistan the wastage of aid is sky - high : there is real looting going on , mainly by private enterprises .
It is a scandal , ” said Mazurell .
“ In 30 years of my career , I have never seen anything like it . ”
Other stories of wasted money began to emerge .
A 45 million contract with the UN ’s Food and Agriculture Organisation to supply badly needed food for the country , included the proviso that four million dollars went to financing its headquarters in Rome .
The tragedy is that aid has often been ineffectual and wasted .
Often it does not even leave the country it is being offered from , as it goes to the country ’s own consultants .
The fraud of aid never actually leaving rich countries has been known about for decades .
In the late eighties the British All - Party Parliamentary Foreign Affairs Committee had noted bluntly : “ In practice , the purpose of bilateral aid programmes in the UK , as in most countries , has rarely been viewed as the purely selfless promotion of other peoples ’ welfare .
It has always been understood that such programmes should be carried out with British commercial and industrial interests and political interests in mind . ”
As Ben Jackson wrote in his book Poverty and the Planet published in 1990 , “ Aid is commonly thought of as handing over money to Third World governments for development .
In fact , aid largely consists of funding from Western governments for services , machines , technical experts and consultants to be supplied by companies in rich countries , frequently their own . ”
The bottom line was that “ most aid money is actually spent in the rich world . ”
Of the $ 20 billion the World Bank handed out in 1988 , $ 15 billion went to its own contractors or consultants .
There are many more cases like this .
Another book written around that time , called Lords of Poverty , examined the “ freewheeling lifestyles , power , prestige and corruption of the multibillion dollar aid business . ”
It found , for example , that in the African country of Tanzania , “ over 80 per cent of all Canadian development assistance was tied to the procurement of Canadian goods and services . ”
Another problem that has been known about for years is that rich countries often promise aid , but never actually deliver it , or if they do , what they eventually give is woefully short of what they promised .
The record of failed promises is long .
After Hurricane Mitch hit Central America in 1998 only a third of pledged aid was delivered ; after the floods in Mozambique in 2000 and the earthquake in Bam in Iran just over half was delivered .
After the Tsunami hit Asia in December 2004 , Max Lawson , from the development charity Oxfam noted that : “ History has shown us pledge - making is consistently undervalued by governments delivering about half of what they actually promised . ”
Nearly two years after the Tsunami , Oxfam ’s worries remain true .
According to the UN , America promised Indonesia over $ 400 m , but delivered $ 70 m .
For Sri Lanka , Spain promised $ 60 m , but delivered less than $ 1 m .
France pledged $ 79 m and came up with just over $ 1 m .
The Chinese promised $ 301 m and delivered just $ 1 m .
In the Maldives , Kuwait promised $ 10 m but actually delivered nothing .
So has Afghanistan been any different ?
The tragic answer is no .
ACBAR ’s report is truly shocking .
The international community has simply repeated well known mistakes .
Firstly , despite the pledge made in the “ Compact ” the reasons for giving the money have been dictated by the big donors rather than responding to Afghan needs .
According to ACBAR , the donation of aid has “ been heavily influenced by the political and military objectives of donors , especially the imperative to win so called ‘ hearts and minds ’ . ”
Given to reflect expectations in donor countries , it is not what Afghan communities want and need .
A significant proportion of aid to Afghanistan is being used to achieve military or political objectives , rather than help Afghans on the ground .
For example , over 70 % of the Afghan population rely either directly or indirectly on agriculture for their livelihoods .
However agriculture has received only $ 400 - 500 million since 2001 , a tiny fraction of the multi-billion international aid budget to Afghanistan .
Secondly , there is a huge disparity between what America spends on war and what the international community spends on aid .
The US military currently spends nearly $ 36 billion a year in the country , some $ 100 million a day ; yet the average volume of aid spending by all donors since 2001 is just $ 7 million per day .
Whilst the military budget is vast , 2.5 million Afghans face severe food insecurity , and one in five children still dies before five .
Life expectancy is woefully low at 45 years .
Thirdly , over half of all aid to Afghanistan is tied , by which donors often require procurement of services or resources from their own countries .
Rather than go to help Afghanistan , the money just lines the pockets of Western contractors and companies .
So of the aid actually spent , a staggering 40 % has returned to donor countries in corporate profits and consultant salaries .
The report notes : “ Vast sums of aid are lost in corporate profits of contractors and sub- contractors , which can be as high as 50 % on a single contract …
A vast amount of aid is absorbed by high salaries , with generous allowances , and other costs of expatriates working for consulting firms and contractors — each of whom costs $ 250,000 - $ 500,000 a year . ”
In contrast , an Afghan civil servant is paid less than $ 1000 per year .
Often the contractors spend vast amounts of money on something that could be done much cheaper :
For example , a road between the centre of Kabul and the international airport cost the US over $ 2.3 million per kilometer , at least four times the average cost of building a road in Afghanistan .
Finally , there is the inevitable short - fall of some $ 10 billion — equivalent to thirty times the annual national education budget .
Just $ 15 billion in aid promised since 2001 has so far been spent .
The list of culprits is long .
The European Union has distributed less than two - thirds of its commitments for 2002 - 2008 .
The US and World Bank has distributed only half of their ’s and the Asian Development Bank and India have disbursed only a third of what they promised .
Why do we just make the same mistakes time and again .
As history repeats itself , the US and Britain wonder why they are losing the war …
COMMITMENT is one of Carlos Ghosn 's favourite words .
He makes commitments himself and he expects his senior managers in the Renault - Nissan alliance to do the same .
His latest , and one of his boldest , is that Renault and Nissan will lead the car industry in developing profitable zero-emission vehicles .
In recent months Renault - Nissan has teamed up with Project Better Place , a Silicon Valley start - up , to introduce all - electric vehicles and a network of charging points in Israel and Denmark by 2011 .
Now Nissan is going further .
Speaking at a media event in Portugal this week , Mr Ghosn said that the time for the mass - market zero-emission car has come .
Nissan plans to launch a battery - powered car in America in 2010 and by 2012 the Renault - Nissan alliance will offer a complete range of electric vehicles in every large car - market .
And these new battery - powered cars , it claims , will work out less expensive than equivalent petrol models .
Renault - Nissan 's new electric - vehicle strategy is , says Mr Ghosn , the culmination of two years ' work .
It is the product not just of rising fuel prices and the prospect of new emissions rules , but the frightening environmental implications of rapid growth in emerging markets .
At the Beijing motor show in April , he observed that “ nothing can stop the car being the most coveted product that comes with development ” — but that more efficient conventional engines were not the answer .
Technically , says Mr Ghosn , everything is now ready for electric vehicles to enter the mainstream — except for the batteries , in which Nissan and NEC , a Japanese industrial giant , are “ investing massively ” .
What matters for all - electric vehicles — as opposed to hybrids , such as the Chevrolet Volt , due in 2010 , which can fall back on a petrol engine when the battery runs out — are their limited range and the time taken to recharge their batteries .
When California briefly mandated the sale of electric vehicles in the early 1990s , their 50 - mile range and long charging cycles meant that they failed to attract more than a dedicated core of green - minded motorists .
But lithium - ion battery technology could push range to 200 miles , and fast - charge systems promise to provide a 70 % top - up in only a little more time than it takes to fill a tank with petrol .
Another requirement is innovative business models .
Mr Ghosn says the electric version of the Mégane saloon that Renault is building for Israel will come with a lifetime warranty , and payment will follow the model established by the mobile - phone industry .
After buying the car , owners will subscribe to a battery - replacement and charging plan based on their anticipated mileage .
Recharging will be done at one of 500,000 spots that Project Better Place will build and maintain .
When Nissan launches its new line of electrical vehicles in America in 2010 , it will initially target fleet buyers , which can provide their own charging stations .
“ It will be a real business , ” says Tom Lane , Nissan 's global product - planning chief , “ not just a way to sell 200 cars in California . ”
He expects sales to retail buyers to begin in 2012 , at a price of around $ 25,000 .
Nissan is also hedging its bets by developing both a “ parallel hybrid ” system ( akin to that found in the Toyota Prius ) and a plug - in “ series hybrid ” similar to the Chevy Volt .
But it favours the all - electric approach , even though it will be a tough sell , says Mr Lane .
As for Mr Ghosn , he has no doubts .
“ We must have zero-emission vehicles , ” he says .
“ Nothing else will prevent the world from exploding . ”
SOUTH ROYALTON , Vt. 
A renewed fight over the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy is being watched closely here on the campus of the Vermont Law School , a 600 - student institution on the banks of the White River .
The Vermont Law School is one of two law schools in the nation that bar military recruiters , as a protest against the 15 - year - old rule that prevents openly gay men and lesbians from serving in the military .
As a result , the school is denied some federal research money  $ 300,000 to $ 500,000 a year by one outside analyst ’s estimate .
“ Every once in a while an issue comes to a community and , despite a cost , it comes to the conclusion that it has to stand up for its principles , ” said Jeff Shields , president and dean of the law school .
“ It has to do with speaking truth to power , and it ’s one of those roles that those of us lucky enough to be trained as lawyers hopefully take from time to time . ”
Last week , an advocacy group urging the repeal of the policy released a report saying the Army and Air Force had discharged a disproportionate number of women in 2007 because of the rule .
And in May , a California appeals court reinstated a lawsuit challenging the policy , while a federal appeals court in Boston upheld it a month later .
Minn . Girl Recovering After Tug - of - War Accident
An 8 - year - old girl undergoes surgery after a rope cut off four of her fingers .
June 27 , 2008  -- FERGUS FALLS , Minn . ( AP ) - An 8 - year - old girl from Fergus Falls is recovering from multiple surgeries after she had four fingers severed during a tug - of - war game at a charity benefit .
Alyssa Martin was at the I - 94 BMX track in Fergus Falls on June 20 for a " Race for Life " fundraiser for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society .
Her father , Cameron Martin , is the track 's director .
During an intermission , Alyssa Martin was participating in a tug - of - war for kids .
Her left hand was wrapped around the rope and apparently got caught , severing four fingers .
She was rushed to North Memorial Hospital in the Twin Cities , and since then has had multiple surgeries to reconstruct her fingers .
Probes in her fingertips are being used to track temperature changes in the damaged limbs .
Cameron Martin said his daughter , who is right - handed , was moved from intensive care to a pediatric ward on Thursday , and that 's she 's feeling much better .
" Even though she 's going through the pain , as a parent it 's almost harder to see her have to go through this .
It 's really tough , " Cameron Martin said .
Brent Schiefert , a family friend , said doctors are optimistic that Alyssa will get full range of motion back in her fingers but wo n't know for sure for another six weeks until the tissue heals and bones set .
The Martins are a family of active BMX racers , and Alyssa is currently ranked eighth in the nation for her age division .
Cameron Martin said her goal is to be back racing within two years .
" After they start with the rehab , I do n't think it will take that long for her , " Cameron Martin said .
" The strength and outlook she has is unbelievable for an 8 - year - old , and we knew she'd be the same fun , incredible girl no matter what happened . "
---
Information from : The Daily Journal , http://www.fergusfallsjournal.com/
( Copyright 2008 by The Associated Press .
All Rights Reserved . )
The chief judge of the federal appeals court in San Francisco , whose pornography - laden Web site hit the headlines while he was presiding over an obscenity trial in Los Angeles , invited an investigation Thursday by a judicial disciplinary agency .
Judge Alex Kozinski said in a statement that he has asked the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ' Judicial Council to begin proceedings to determine whether he engaged in misconduct .
The council has the power to censure a judge , temporarily halt case assignments , or take the first steps that could lead to congressional impeachment and removal from office .
" I will cooperate fully in any investigation , " Kozinski said .
The council , made up of appeals court and trial judges , normally handles complaints against any federal judge in the nine - state circuit .
But because Kozinski is the council 's chairman , he invoked a rule that allows Chief Justice John Roberts of the U.S. Supreme Court to reassign the case to a Judicial Council in one of the other 11 federal circuits .
On Wednesday , Kozinski halted the obscenity trial of Ira Isaacs until Monday to give Justice Department prosecutors time to decide whether to seek his removal from the case .
Isaacs is charged with distributing sexual fetish videos that violate obscenity laws .
Earlier Wednesday , the Los Angeles Times disclosed some of the contents of the now - disabled Web site , http://alexkozinski.com.
They included images of bestiality , masturbation , a slide - show striptease and two naked women on all fours painted as cows .
Kozinski said Wednesday that the site was maintained by one of his sons and was used by family members to store various photos and documents .
While not denying responsibility for the Web site , he said he was n't sure whether he had intentionally stored any of the sexually explicit images , and said they might have been sent by others or uploaded by accident .
He said he had believed it was a private site that others could see only with his permission , until he learned otherwise this week from the newspaper and his son .
" I do n't pay much attention to what 's on there , " Kozinski told The Chronicle .
" There 's lots of stuff I see ( on the site ) and I do n't remember .
I have n't gone through and looked at it .
Some of it , I should have .
... I had no intention of making these files public . "
Beverly Hills lawyer Cyrus Sanai , who exchanged attacks with Kozinski in 2005 in dueling columns in a legal newspaper about court procedures and precedents , said in online postings Wednesday that he downloaded the images from Kozinski's Web site in December and had provided them to the Times and other publications .
Kozinski's " efforts to have his son take the rap are far more contemptible than any of the porn he put up , " Sanai said in a message to the legal blog Patterico 's Pontifications .
Kozinski , 57 , was appointed to the court by President Ronald Reagan in 1985 and began a seven - year term as chief judge in December by virtue of seniority .
Known as a libertarian on free - speech issues , he led the successful opposition to a proposal by national court administrators in 2001 to monitor Internet use by federal court employees , including judges .
As a Judicial Council member , he argued in a dissenting opinion in 2005 that a Los Angeles federal judge should have been disciplined for allegedly showing favoritism to a litigant .
Since becoming chief judge , Kozinski has directed the court to post disciplinary orders against lawyers and judges online .
DUBAI — It was the kind of publicity stunt upon which this desert boomtown was built .
Dubai 's iconic sail - shaped Burj Al Arab hotel recently began offering what it billed as the world 's most expensive cocktail .
Well - heeled patrons could order a glass of 55 - year - old Macallan single - malt Scotch , with custom - made bitters and ice cubes made from water near the Scottish distillery , served in an 18 - carat gold Baccarat tumbler .
All for just $ 7,440 a pop .
This being Dubai , it took only three days for a guest to buy not just one but two of the pricey concoctions .
It is easy to get intoxicated by Dubai 's phenomenal marketing machine , which has made it into a city of superlatives .
Along with the world 's most expensive cocktail , it claims the world 's tallest building ( due to open in 2009 ) , the world 's tallest all - suite hotel , the world 's largest man-made islands , and the first indoor ski slope in the desert .
And even though a shopping mall billed as one of the world 's largest is to open in August , an even larger one is already under development .
But beneath the one - upmanship , there is far a more serious transformation , one that is turning Dubai into the business , financial , and perhaps tourist center of a newly invigorated Persian Gulf region .
With oil prices near record levels , the Gulf is on the receiving end of a historic transfer of wealth from oil consumers that dwarfs previous oil booms , even after adjusting for inflation .
Just between 2002 and 2006 , Gulf economies doubled .
And this time , in contrast to earlier oil booms when most of the profits were reinvested in the West , Gulf states like the United Arab Emirates , Qatar , and Saudi Arabia are investing much more of that windfall at home .
More than $ 1 trillion of construction projects is currently underway in the Persian Gulf states , but the changes are n't just about the vast amounts of concrete , glass , and steel being erected .
Indeed , this unprecedented wealth transfer is starting to rewrite the fundamental balance of power in the world economy , says Robert Hutchings , who as the head of the U.S. National Intelligence Council until 2005 led a project looking at what the world might be like in 2020 .
The rise of the Gulf economies " should give us pause about how much we Americans and the countries that created the global financial system 60 years ago still have control of it , " he says .
" The globalized economy does n't require huge territory or militaries to translate into real power . "
Transformation .
Today , Dubai , with its outlandish developments and seemingly infinite number of construction projects , stands as the most high - profile physical manifestation of the Gulf 's transformation .
The second - largest of the seven emirates that make up the UAE , Dubai has nearly run out of its own oil .
( The UAE 's oil is concentrated around its astonishingly wealthy capital , Abu Dhabi . )
But Dubai has successfully turned itself into a post - oil economy that feeds in part on the oil wealth of its neighbors , who have been happily investing in the city 's red - hot real estate market .
The UAE 's economy has averaged 9.3 percent annual growth over the past five years , even after removing the effect of oil prices .
In the leisure and entertainment sector alone , Dubai has launched or is planning an estimated $ 381.4 billion of projects , according to a study by Fast Future , a U.K. - based think tank .
The newest plan calls for an eco - hotel designed by Brad Pitt .
The city 's secret is a unique combination of marketing acumen that would make P. T. Barnum proud , an unusually tolerant society that has thrown its doors open to foreigners , and an attitude that is all about making money .
" We believe in sharing the wealth , " says Khalid al - Malik , CEO of Tatweer , a colossal , government - owned developer .
Western companies , including a growing number of U.S. ones , are scrambling to create or expand regional offices in Dubai .
" The door is open for more cultural and business engagement , " says Paul Sutphin , the U.S. consul general in Dubai , " and we should walk through it . "
There is much , much more to come .
Dubai today is a place where construction sites seem to outnumber existing buildings , and the infrastructure , whether it's the roads or the electric grid , struggles to keep pace .
Indeed , given the level of hype , the city is oddly underwhelming for many first - time visitors .
Traffic is nightmarish , and the sky is perpetually choked with dust from the 24 - hour construction activity .
The growth is so staggering that skeptics fear the bubble may burst .
After all , Dubai 's ruler , Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid al - Maktoum , has set out a vision for something that has never been done before — building a world - class city on a par with New York or Hong Kong in a place where , only two generations ago , there was little but sand and a tiny merchant community .
Whatever Dubai might suffer from , it certainly is not lack of ambition .
When the city decided to become a major global financial center , one of the first obstacles was its reputation as a haven for smugglers and money launderers , where businessmen and gangsters alike routinely bought luxury cars and homes with suitcases of cash .
( Just ask Richard Threlfall , a helicopter pilot who two years ago tried to buy a condo on Palm Jumeirah , Dubai 's first set of man-made islands shaped like a giant palm tree .
He put down a deposit , but when he came back three weeks later with the rest of the money , the apartment was gone .
" The place had been purchased by someone who actually turned up with a suitcase of cash , " Threlfall says ruefully . )
The UAE has been working on new legislation to reduce money laundering , but U.S. officials say the government still has a long way to go .
In the meantime , to attract the world 's leading investment houses , which demand world - class regulatory systems , Dubai found a deceptively simple solution .
It decided to create its own laws .
It launched the fledgling Dubai International Financial Center , a government - owned but independently run city within a city , optimized for the world 's major financial institutions .
Starting from scratch , experts devised a legal code and built an independent court and separate regulatory body .
" We had to get the Ministry of Justice and the Central Bank to come out with a form of mini- sovereignty and convince them to give up oversight , " says Sandy Shipton , a DIFC managing director .
As a result , many of the world 's leading investment firms , including Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs , have set up operations here .
Today , some 11,000 people work inside the DIFC 's free zone , and officials project that number will rise to 20,000 by the end of 2008 .
Amid the global credit crunch , the appeal of Dubai is self - evident .
" From here , people have access to almost unlimited liquidity , " says Shipton .
In other words , there 's lots of money floating around .
Earlier this year , New York 's Nasdaq completed a deal to rebrand the DIFC 's stock exchange as a Nasdaq venture .
There are , however , some signs that the credit crunch is beginning to affect even the Gulf , after two companies were recently forced to cancel their plans to go public on the DIFC 's exchange .
The ultramodern DIFC complex is just one of nearly two dozen free zones , projects where foreign firms or residents can buy property and operate tax - free .
There is , for example , Internet City , which has attracted the likes of Microsoft , and Media City , which hosts CNN and MTV Arabia .
Dubai's Healthcare City has partnered with Harvard Medical School and others to build medical schools and hospitals .
One of the more recent projects , Studio City , aims to expand Dubai 's burgeoning advertising industry into a hub for television and movie production .
Officials are actively courting Hollywood .
" We 're building 14 major sound stages so that we could host six major Hollywood film productions at a time , " says Amina al - Rustamani , a spokeswoman for the project .
One -upmanship .
The ability to purchase property has sparked countless other office and housing developments all over town , each one trying to outdo the next with outlandish design and trend - setting architecture .
" Here , there is no such thing as ' it 's impossible , ' " says Abubakr Hejazi , a Saudi architect who runs the Dubai office of TVS International , a U.S. - based architecture and design firm .
Indeed , the breathtaking scope of Dubai 's ambition is difficult to capture .
Along with building a financial and business center , it also wants to be a global tourist destination attracting 15 million visitors a year by 2015 , more than double the current traffic .
At times , it is hard to understand where all these tourists will come from .
After all , Dubai is not blessed with great natural beauty or a friendly climate .
The summer heat and humidity are so suffocating that its swimming pools need to be chilled .
Tourism officials are counting on the Persian Gulf region , as well as the emerging middle class in places like India , which is a relatively short plane ride away .
( The flights from many Indian cities to Dubai are no longer than those from Minneapolis to Orlando . )
And Dubai already attracts hordes of European tourists looking for sun and tax - free shopping .
" When you invest this much money into a small place , you need to rely on the whole world to see it , " says Malik , whose company , Tatweer , is charged with developing industries like tourism in Dubai .
The centerpiece of the plan is Tatweer 's implausibly massive Dubailand entertainment complex , which has become one of the biggest construction projects in the Middle East , estimated at $ 110 billion , according to Fast Future .
This behemoth is not simply a large theme park .
Rather , Dubailand is expected to house as many as a dozen full - scale amusement parks , including ones from Six Flags , Universal Studios , DreamWorks Animation , Legoland , and Marvel Entertainment , along with several more Arab - themed parks and one filled with 100 animatronic dinosaurs .
There have even been conversations between Dubai and director George Lucas about a Star Wars park , says a knowledgeable source .
" If you do n't take risks , " Malik says , " you 're not serious . "
So , in case a dozen parks are n't enough , Dubailand is planning for a half - dozen golf courses , including the first one in the world designed by Tiger Woods ; full - scale replicas of the Eiffel Tower , the pyramids at Giza , and the Taj Mahal ; the world 's largest shopping mall ; and a related $ 54 billion , 6 - mile - long Las Vegas - like strip , minus the casinos but jammed with shops and a staggering 51 hotels .
Of course , not every Dubai project materializes .
In 2003 , a developer announced a plan to build an underwater hotel , but sources say that construction has been suspended .
Coming and going .
Dubai is nonetheless quickly expanding its infrastructure to handle all of these projected visitors .
Dubai 's airport , which has seen passenger traffic grow 15 percent each year since 2002 , is opening a large new terminal this summer , and a third concourse is due in 2010 .
On top of that , Dubai is building an additional airport on the other side of the city , adjacent to its enormous port .
That airport is planned to be the world 's largest , with more than double the capacity of New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport .
The second airport will also be a major cargo destination , given its proximity to one of the world 's busiest ports , a key foundation of Dubai 's economic miracle .
This pairing would make it even easier for companies to bring goods into the port and immediately dispatch them by sea or air around the region , or vice versa .
UPS , the world 's largest shipping carrier , is already in talks about opening a logistics hub at the second airport .
" We will see a totally new business model that does not exist in many other places , " says Jamal Majid bin Thaniah , vice chairman of DP World , which operates the massive Jebel Ali port , already the world 's seventh - largest container port .
Jebel Ali , built in the late 1970s , was one of Dubai 's earliest building projects and helped turn the city into a huge import , export , and distribution center and the prime link between manufacturers in Asia and markets in the Middle East , Africa , and even Europe .
" There is a lot of glitz and glamor , but the core element of Dubai 's development plan has always been infrastructure , " says Aamir Rehman , author of Dubai & Co. : Global Strategies for Doing Business in the Gulf States .
Dubai has also positioned itself as a safe and reliable base for conducting business in a region that includes India and the former Soviet Union .
Local businessmen talk about being within three hours ' flying distance of well over 1 billion people .
" If you take 1 percent of the wealthiest cream of the crop , that 's 10 million people worth at least $ 5 to $ 10 million , " says Frank Khoie , a property developer .
" They can leave their countries , which are not clean , organized , and safe , and come to a new America — the UAE .
Then you take away taxes and high regulations and combine it with relatively little prejudice . "
But there are serious growing pains .
The roads are notoriously clogged , but until the first Metro rail line opens in 2009 , there is no alternative way to get around .
Prices are rising alarmingly fast on everything from housing to food .
For U.S. companies trying to operate here , the cost threatens to constrain the growth .
" We can't afford people on the same old compensation packages because the house is too expensive , " says Craig McLay , the managing director of the new Dubai office of Pinkerton 's Agency , an investigations firm .
" It 's hard to expand your business . "
This could spell trouble .
Already , some fear that Dubai has become something of a pyramid scheme that will prosper only as long as it continues to grow and property values continue to rise .
The city needs to boost its population from 1.3 million today to 4 million by 2020 to fill all of the business and residential developments being planned .
Most of the growth will have to come from guest workers .
Reliable statistics are hard to find , but expatriates are estimated to make up as much as 95 percent of Dubai 's population .
Housing , particularly on the more affordable end , is in short supply .
And problems with labor and the mushrooming cost of materials such as concrete are putting additional squeezes on Dubai .
" In the next 10 years , we will be delivering around 50 percent of everything that will be built in Dubai , " says Chris O'Donnell , the CEO of Nakheel , the government - owned developer that is building the Palm Islands and many other residential projects .
" But we are potentially in a position of not being able to accommodate the potential population because of construction capacity issues in this market . "
Underclass .
For the foreign labor on which Dubai has been built , the quickly rising costs mean that Dubai is getting prohibitively expensive .
Ejaz is a Pakistani taxi driver who battles Dubai 's legendary traffic jams on 12 - hour shifts , seven days a week with no holidays .
" People keep coming here , but after six months , they are tired of the life , " he says .
" If you have money , this country is for you .
If you do n't have money , you can not have a good life . "
Ejaz is considering returning to Pakistan .
It is even harder for the armies of guest construction workers , most of whom come from the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia .
Many live in rudimentary camps and make an average of $ 175 a month working 12 - hour shifts in the punishing heat .
Companies wield tremendous power over their employees because fired workers automatically lose their visas and have to leave the country immediately .
UAE officials say they have passed new laws to tackle concerns about working conditions , but enforcement lags .
With the inflation rate as high as 15 percent , laborers are having trouble saving money .
Labor protests , once rare , are becoming more common .
Dubai has so far managed to avoid the terrorism that plagues many of its neighbors .
Troublesome workers can be deported quickly , with no judicial process .
Security is relatively tight , but , for the most part , it is invisible .
Yet Dubai 's laborers could be vulnerable to radicalization , and there is also the risk of homegrown extremism .
" Terrorism is the big elephant in the room that no one wants to discuss , " says Christopher Davidson , a professor at Britain 's Durham University and author of the forthcoming book Dubai : The Vulnerability of Success .
Davidson notes that two of the 9/11 hijackers were from the UAE .
" If there was a terror strike in Dubai or war in Iran , which is only 55 miles away , are investments going to be sustained ? "
More broadly , Dubai has managed to shrug off most of the traditional factors that held other regional economies back — inept bureaucracies , suffocating state control , bans on foreign ownership of land or companies , and prohibitions on nightclubs or liquor .
Dubai has always welcomed outsiders , says Sheika Lubna al Qasimi , the UAE minister of foreign trade .
" Here , you have an environment built for them , " she says .
" This society practically caters to the yuppies , the families , and young people . "
In reality , this strategy requires a constant balancing act between catering to western interests and guarding Muslim sensibilities .
Dubai 's nightlife is lively .
But while alcohol can be served in hotel restaurants , other restaurants remain dry .
Many swimming pools offer ladies - only hours , but western women wear bikinis on the same beaches where some Arab women wear full - length abayas .
" Dubai is a place for Arabs to let their hair down , " says Dale Griffith , a vice president of Emirates Airlines , " and to relax with their families in a way many can't back home . "
But there are some Emiratis who are uneasy about the degree to which these liberties have been taken ( including the blatant presence of prostitutes in many of the city 's hotels ) .
" Dubai has always been tolerant , but this tolerance has been exploited by others , " Ebtisam al - Kitbi , a political science professor at UAE University , says during an interview at an upscale European coffee shop in Dubai .
She turns to scowl at a woman nearby who is wearing a revealing top .
" They do n't take into consideration that this is still an Arab and a Muslim country , " she says .
" I do n't say this should be like Saudi Arabia , but people feel they are losing their identity . "
There is another cost when it comes to people 's personal and political freedoms .
Several tourists have spent months in jail for having trace amounts of marijuana in their shoes or pocket lint .
And when it comes to democracy , the UAE has made little more than token efforts , meaning that all important decisions are still imposed by the royal family .
There are n't that many Emiratis pushing openly for more democracy .
Kitbi , a rare exception , recently gave a speech in which she complained that UAE nationals have " deficient citizenship , " that many feel marginalized , and that they are " excluded from the decision making . "
The response was tough .
" Some condemned me here as adventurist and crazy , " she says , adding that she has been excluded from delegations and events .
" People do n't ask for political rights because they are getting a lot of economic benefits . "
With its focus so squarely on business , Dubai is an explicitly apolitical place , which has allowed U.S. business to operate side by side with Dubai 's massive 400,000 - strong community of Iranians .
But UAE officials also see themselves as an example for their more troubled neighbors .
" It 's a good model not only for the Middle East but for other countries as well , " says Qasimi .
" We could have had our oil and sat on it , but we built dynamics for a truly enterprising society . "
Salford traffic wardens wear video cameras strapped to their heads to help cut down attacks on them .
Girl Born With Eight Limbs
Thrives in India Lakshmi , considered a goddess by villagers , learns to walk on her own .
June 13 , 2008  --
In a remote village in the Bihar region of northeast India , in October 2005 , a woman named Poonam Tatma gave birth to an extraordinary child -- a girl with four arms and four legs who was destined to become famous worldwide .
The newborn was the image of a multi-limbed Hindu goddess named Lakshmi , who is worshiped as a deity of wealth and good fortune .
And so the child was also named Lakshmi .
" After she was born , for a whole month crowds of people came to see her , " Tatma said .
" It was said that Lakshmi had been born here . "
The family 's story is a spellbinding tale of religion and science , assembled by the National Geographic Channel for a documentary to be aired Sunday , June 22 .
Goddess or Medical Marvel ?
When Lakshmi turned age 2 , a socialworker sent photos of her to Dr. Sharan Patil , who is a leading orthopedic surgeon at Sparsh Hospital in Bangalore , India , which specializes in treating skeletal abnormalities in children .
" I had never seen anything like those pictures , " Patil said .
" We had read about it in our books , and medically , it was fascinating because it was such a rare thing . "
The doctor also knew that the child had come to be revered by many villagers .
" They thought she was very special , " Patil said .
" She was a godsend ; she was a reincarnation .
They almost worshiped her in the village . "
Rajesh Kumar Singh , the village chief , told National Geographic that " A child who looks like this , with four arms and four legs , according to our scriptures , must be the Goddess Lakshmi .
It 's a wonderful piece of luck to have a child born like this and surviving like this . "
The Tatma family earned the equivalent of about $ 200 a year from farming , and could n't afford even basic medicines for Lakshmi .
They could have profited by charging others to see her , but chose not to .
They turned down an offer to sell her to a traveling circus .
Her parents , too , believed she was a goddess .
But they also knew she had the needs of a disabled child .
Her mother worried about how she would provide care when Lakshmi grew older .
" Picking her up , sitting her down , putting her to sleep , these are the problems , " Poonam Tatma said .
" She tries to crawl with other children but they go ahead of her .
She can't keep up .
The problem is what will happen when she is older ?
Right now , she is small , so we can do it .
When she is older , who will do it ? "
Determined to study the child , Patil went on a journey to the remote Araria district in Bihar to meet Lakshmi and her family .
His arrival in the village caused a stir .
Cars are rarely seen in Bihar .
Patil approached the Tatma family gently by asking if he could conduct examine Lakshmi .
" I think the past experience of the parents , of reaching out to the doctors , was that the circumstances were probably not right .
They had had bad experience in the past .
So they had their reservations to start with .
They were wondering if we had some ulterior motives toward them . "
Grave Health Dangers
What Patil discovered is that the child that many associated with the image of a goddess was , in fact , a case so rare that only a few have been known in history .
Lakshmi had two arms and two legs that functioned normally ( they were the uppermost limbs on each side of her body ) .
Below those limbs , in mirror image , were two more sets of arms and legs .
The lower part of Lakshmi's body was a type of conjoined twin called a parasitic twin .
" One of the babies is alive , but the other baby does n't exist as an individual , " Patil said .
" The two bodies are fused together .
...
The entire parasitic part of Lakshmi's body was feeding on Lakshmi for nutrition , for oxygen , for energy , for everything else .
That 's typically how a parasite is described … a parasite which is dependent on the host . "
Because of the parasite , Lakshmi's health and possibly her survival were in danger .
Patil believed the parasitic twin should be surgically removed .
Without surgery , Patil estimated that Lakshmi 's chances of surviving past her teenage years were minimal .
Village Backlash
But in Lakshmi's case , he faced something more than a medical issue .
A local fair to celebrate the holy day of the goddess Lakshmi coincided with Patil 's visit .
Once the little girl who was the image of Lakshmi entered the crowd , it was clear that she had a profound effect on the villagers .
" She was thought to be bringing a lot of good things to the village and the people around , " Patil said .
" Some of them even folded their hands in respect for the little girl , which was quite amazing . "
Because she was considered a good omen to the village , Patil worried that some villagers might be against surgery to change her form into that of an typical 2 - year - old .
" I 'm sure a lot of the people in the village had those ideas in their minds , that if something was done to Lakshmi , things might turn around , and things might not be so good for them anymore , " Patil said .
Privately , Lakshmi's parents had heard many negative opinions -- that some villagers feared the Tatmas could not return if they left ; and that Patil might say one thing and do another .
" They had the genuine love and concern … that any parents would have for the child , " Patil said .
To reassure the parents , Patil arranged for all of the family 's medical expenses to be paid through his hospital .
Recognizing that medical care is out of the reach of millions of people in India , Sparsh Hospital in Bangalore has a foundation whose mission is to extend orthopedic and reconstructive surgical care to those who need it , regardless of income .
Every day was different for the Tatma family because of fluctuations in Lakshmi 's health .
" So she really was living on the edge , " Patil said .
Having weighed their options carefully , Lakshmi 's parents finally decided to travel more than 1,000 miles from their village to Sparsh Hospital , a state - of - the - art facility where doctors performed a battery of tests to see whether surgery was even possible .
The first X - rays revealed complications .
Lakshmi's spine was joined to that of her parasitic twin , and doctors had to determine how to separate the spine without affecting Lakshmi neurologically .
They also discovered that Lakshmi had only one functioning kidney .
A second functioning kidney was in the parasitic twin .
" The team itself [ included ] 37 people as part of the surgical procedure , " Patil said .
" We had five sets of surgeons who operated on the little girl . "
A Life - Threatening Surgery
On Nov. 6 , 2007 , Lakshmi was wheeled away from her parents , and the surgery began .
Pediatric surgeons made the first incision , to identify her internal structures -- " which of them belonged to the parasite and which belonged to Lakshmi , " Patil said .
Surgeons tied off connecting blood vessels , ensuring that Lakshmi 's vital organs were n't damaged .
After the parasite 's functioning kidney was transplanted to Lakshmi , neurosurgeons began the dangerous separation of Lakshmi 's spine where it was connected to the spine of the parasite .
" One [ could n't ] make out where the spine of Lakshmi ended and then the other one started , " Patil said .
" So we erred on the side of safety , and preserved some part of the spine of the parasite . "
At midnight , 16 hours into the operation , came the riskiest surgery of all .
Doctors were finally ready to remove Lakshmi 's conjoined , parasitic twin .
" It was a very critical and crucial phase because there were a lot of body fluid shifts , and the moment we tie off the blood vessels , there is a buildup of chemicals in the parasitic twin , which can become dangerous if they travel back into the host tissue .
So we had to be pretty quick from that point on .
...
Speed was of the essence at that point in time . "
Another crucial phase in the reconstructive surgery was to bring the bones of Lakshmi 's pelvis together so that they could support her vital organs .
Twenty - four hours after the surgery began , Patil finally was able to reassure Lakshmi 's parents .
" The operation was successful , " he told them .
" Lakshmi is healthy . "
In her room , recovering from the surgery after sleeping soundly , Lakshmi began to open her eyes and move her fingers .
For the first time , her parents saw the child who once had been the image of a goddess as an average 2 - year - old , with two arms and two legs .
" Lakshmi had one strange look on her face , looking down at her own body , " Patil said .
" I do n't know how to put it but … I almost felt that she was telling me , ' Doc , good job done . ' "
Life With Four Limbs
When Lakshmi was released from the hospital a month after the surgery , the family took her to the desert state of Rajasthan , far from their village , where she began attending a school for disabled children .
During a school break , they returned to their village for a visit .
Lakshmi is learning to raise herself upright and balance herself .
She has begun to take her first steps .
" Now she can walk on her own , " her mother said .
" Her cousin comes , and they play the whole day long . "
A member of a television crew that traveled to Bihar to videotape Lakshmi 's progress in early June said that some of the villagers had grown resentful of the Tatma family , believing the Tatmas had benefited financially from the free medical care .
The family is not wealthy .
Lakshmi's father , Shambu , works as a day laborer .
When the Tatmas return to Rajasthan so that Lakshmi can continue attending the school for disabled children , he will work for the school .
Lakshmi will need additional surgery where her spine was separated from her parasitic twin .
She also will need surgery on her feet , which were turned inward because of their positioning above the area where she was joined to the parasite .
A statue of Lakshmi , made by a village craftsman when she still had eight limbs , remains in the village .
Some villagers told interviewers they still consider Lakshmi a goddess .
Certainly , her parents do .
" I think for every parent the child is a goddess , " Patil said .
Asked whether he believed there was a higher power involved in Lakshmi 's story , he said , " It is the wishes of many people ; it is the prayers of many people ; it is the will of the child to live .
...
Everything put together , to come together , it has to be some kind of divine intervention . "
I know many that dream of having a female robot to take care of them .
Whether it is the cooking , cleaning , or bedroom antics , having a humanoid robot to tend to your needs is a fantasy and AI Robotics claim to have created this Perfect Woman .
The video below presents Lisa , this perfect woman , and their site offers a few different looks to choose from .
Shopping for Lisa or the others will be available on the 15th of June , 2008 .
But c’mon , can this be any more of a hoax ?
The video below presents Lisa and her amazing life - like quality ; a little too life - like if you ask me .
In addition , they claim it has been 3 years in the making … ONLY 3 Years ?
Wow , these guys must be the smartest men in the room within the smartest men .
Is Artificial Intelligence even close to such a stage , let alone providing an actual choice of robots ?
After you watch the video , I bet you can list many more reasons why this is fake , or do you actually think it ’s real ?
Via : BotJunkie
Proximity is a turn - based strategy game .
Each turn , you get a numbered tile ( your " armies " ) that you can place onto free space on the game board .
If your numbered tile is stonger ( a higher number ) than the enemy , you 'll steal the enemy 's tile that turn .
Whoever ends the game with the highest amount of tiles wins .
Last updated at 16:27 04 August 2006
Women thought the last victory of equality was to make men more ' sensitive ' .
The bitter irony , says this male writer in a piece that will infuriate the opposite sex ( including his wife Liz Jones ) , is women do n't like wimps after all ...
At a dinner party recently , I encountered the depressingly familiar sight of a dynamic thirty - something woman accompanied by a nerdy male sidekick that she 'd browbeaten into proposing to her .
The mismatch in power was obvious .
She was successful , ambitious and confident ; he was a diffident , overweight , shrinking violet who measured every word he spoke in case he said anything remotely contentious that might offend her .
On her wedding finger was the most enormous , glittering engagement ring .
A mutual friend later told me she 'd initially been presented with a less garish but more exquisite diamond but had told her fiancÈ to return it to the shop and get her something bigger .
That huge diamond was his declaration of surrender in the sex war .
But I did n't feel sorry for the stupid sap ; he should have been man enough to tell her to get lost and find some other dummy .
Instead , he'd been sucker - punched into a lifetime of nagging and neglect , and looking at his bossy wife - to - be parading her huge rock , I felt a shiver of pre-emptive schadenfreude .
Her smug smile might have given the impression that her glossy - magazine - inspired life was all going to plan , but I could see the tragedy to come .
One day she 'll realise how dull and unfulfilling it is to have a man who does n't answer back , who offers no challenge or danger - but by then she 'll be over the hill and stuck with him for fear of being left on the shelf .
Sadly , this is the state of many marriages today .
Back in the Nineties , emboldened by the successes of feminism , women sought to slay the dragon of patriarchy by turning men into ridiculous cissies who would cry with them through chick - flicks and then cook up a decent lasagne .
Suddenly , women wanted to drive home their newfound equality by moulding men to be more like them .
This velvet revolution was reflected in a series of broader cultural changes .
After decades of uncompromising movie heroes like Marlon Brando and Clint Eastwood , we were asked to fall for stuttering , floppy - haired fops like Hugh Grant ; touchy - feely and hopelessly embarrassed around women .
No doubt at the time , millions of misguided single women thought that having a man who could feel their pain and emote for Britain was a Good Thing .
Now , over a decade later , women are waking up to the fact that these men are drippy , sexless bores .
The feminisation of men has n't produced the well - rounded uber - males women were hoping for .
Instead , women are now lumped with flabby invertebrates , little more than doormats , whom they secretly despise but are too proud to admit it .
Rather than partnership , professional women tend to seek dominance in a relationship .
They map their lives out early on and pursue their dream of ' having it all ' with cold - blooded ruthlessness .
Young women have a crystal - clear agenda : they want the career , the wardrobe , the smartly furnished house , the 4x4 and the cute kids they 'll ferry in it to expensive schools .
No man is going to get in their way ; and the men they choose for themselves are pliant and feeble enough to facilitate that programme .
Concentrating so much energy on work and family matters requires these women to pick a man who is predictable and secure , who wo n't upset the apple cart by pursuing dreams and instincts of his own .
These are cardboard cut - out men who gush with empathy whenever their wives and girlfriends need to dump their professional stresses and female angst on them : weak and soulless men who have n't the guts to make a mark themselves , who take the passenger seat in their women 's juggernaut journey to post - feminist Nirvana .
But having ticked off the various items on their life checklist , women are left with a nagging sense of dissatisfaction .
Where was the drama ?
Where was the passion ?
Where was the stimulation and growth ?
It was all forsaken for an anodyne , materialistic shopping spree that is a Good Thing .
ultimately a poor substitute for a real life .
These women consider themselves to be alpha - females , but they are nothing but a pathetic sham .
A true Amazon could n't stand the company of a supplicant male , let alone marry one .
Real alpha - women are the ones who can more than hold their own with an alpha-man .
Deep down , women love men who stand up to them , who wo n't be pushed around .
They love men who will look them in the eye and tell them to shut up when their hormonal bickering has become too much .
They love men who will draw a line in the sand and walk out on them when they 've had enough .
They love men who know their own minds and are man enough to stick to their guns .
I 'm always telling my wife , the writer Liz Jones , to shut up .
She gets into a prissy huff about it , but I know she respects me for not indulging her neuroticism .
Long ago , I realised it is unhealthy for a man to embroil himself in arguments with women .
While men want an argument to make sense and have a rational conclusion , women solely want the argument itself : it 's a pressure valve for their emotions , and once they get started there is no stopping them .
I have a very low boredom threshold ; I can't bear having protracted discussions about where my wife and I ' are going ' .
Nor can I bear to listen to the gossipy , highly detailed ' He said , she said ' monologues that women drift into when telling you about their day .
I deal with these elements of the female personality with impassive indifference .
People might call me a sexist pig , but I am the opposite .
I love women , and I love my wife because she is brilliant and incredibly strong .
I am a true feminist , because I only want to be with a powerful and capable woman .
No sexist could cope with having a wife as intelligent and independent as mine .
Our relationship would never have worked had I been an effete New Man , desperately wanting to sympathise with the female condition .
My wife would have grown to loathe me for my fawning cowardice .
She is a warrior and she needs to be with someone who is a match for her .
Knowing the limits of what I will deal with in a relationship , I maintain my self - respect and , accordingly , gain hers .
Men are now generally terrified of women .
They hold their tongues for fear of being misinterpreted as sexist ; they constantly attempt to secondguess their partner in order to avoid giving offence .
They preen themselves with groaning shelves full of beauty products so they wo n't incur derision and scorn .
They suppress their masculinity and present themselves as cuddly Mr Nice Guys , and wo n't project self - confidence in case it 's regarded as unreconstructed machismo .
This backfiring feminist conspiracy has , of course , developed hand in hand with the march of raging political correctness in Britain .
The two have combined like some potent chemical reaction to explode in the faces of a generation of women who thought that a ' moulded ' man would make for a desirable one .
In recent years , men have been trained like circus seals to be inoffensive to women , and no longer know how to entice them and turn them on .
But women secretly long for a man with swagger , who is cocky and selfassured and has the cheek to stand up them and make fun of their feminine foibles .
They long for the rakish charm of a man who knows there 's a whole ocean of fish out there , who is n't afraid of being himself in case he is rejected .
The truth is , a real man does n't care what any woman thinks of him .
He does n't care what anyone thinks of him : he answers solely to his spirit .
Real men do n't pretend or even try to understand women .
They simply love them for being the mysterious , capricious creatures that they are .
And they do n't take them too seriously , either .
They know the vicissitudes of the female mind , its constant insecurities and the fluctuations in mood .
Rather than pander to them , they simply watch them drift by like so many clouds on the horizon .
They do n't get entangled in a woman 's feelings and listen to her prattling on and on until she 's talked herself out .
Such strong and stoic men are exactly what women need to anchor themselves amid the chaos of their emotions .
Sometimes my wife bemoans my detachment and laissez - faire attitude to our marriage and wishes I were more wrapped up in her .
I tell her she would soon get bored of it , because men who put women on a pedestal can't make love to them in the way that women want .
A man who is too in awe of his woman is n't going to tear her blouse open and ravish her on the couch ; he is n't going to pull her hair and whisper profanities in her ear .
Whenever my marriage is at a crisis point , and my wife 's ego and mine are jostling for a position of supremacy , we inevitably have strenuous , battling sex .
My wife is older and more successful than I am , but the bedroom has always been the arena in which I have brought her down to earth .
The female orgasm is the natural mechanism by which men assert dominion over women : a man who appreciates this can negotiate whatever difficulties arise in his relationships with them .
Last Christmas , my wife threw me out after discovering I 'd been cheating on her .
On the night we got back together , I made strong , passionate love to her .
Unfaithful as I 'd been , I was not going to let her have me over a barrel for the rest of our marriage .
I needed to keep a sense of self and not allow her to mire me in guilt and a desperate quest of forgiveness .
I needed to let her know what she would be missing if we broke up for ever .
I gave her a manful bravura performance that night , and at the height of her passion , I asked her : ' Who 's the boss ? '
The question threw her .
Initially she would n't give me a reply , but I enticed it from her .
' You are , ' she finally gasped .
' You are !'
I am a very difficult man to be with .
I know I have caused my wife great pain and anxiety .
But she is an adult , and ultimately it is wholly her choice whether she wants to be with me or not - I can not be anyone other than myself .
I do n't believe in working on relationships and making artificial efforts to give them substance .
I believe in people being themselves and following their hearts towards whatever destiny lies before them .
When women choose to be with New Men , they are choosing a life that will be only half - lived .
I think a lot of them are finally waking up to that fact .
Relationships between independent and assertive people will always be fraught with tensions , but they have enormous creative energy .
Despite the many problems my wife and I have endured , we have both come a long way since we first met six years ago .
We have challenged one another to grow - professionally , intellectually , emotionally and spiritually .
This would never have happened had she flaked out and gone for a softer option in her choice of partner .
Bring back the real men , girls .
You might just remember why you loved them in the first place .
Tourism by Nirpal Dhaliwal is published by Vintage , £ 7.99 .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The moderator 's chair on NBC's " Meet the Press " stood empty on Sunday in remembrance of Tim Russert , the man who had occupied it for 17 years .
The moderator 's chair on NBC's " Meet the Press " stood empty Sunday in remembrance of Tim Russert .
more photos »
As the show 's host , Russert became a mainstay of television journalism 's political talk .
He died Friday of apparent heart attack , according to the network .
He was 58 .
The network said Russert collapsed while at work .
Colleague and former NBC anchor Tom Brokaw , who broke the news about the anchor 's death , spoke on Sunday the familiar first four words of the news program , " Our issues this Sunday . "
He noted that those were the same words Russert had been recording for the show when he collapsed and died .
" Our issue this sad Sunday morning is remembering and honoring our colleague and friend , " Brokaw said .
" He said he was only the temporary custodian , " of this program , which he called a national treasure , Brokaw said .
" Of course , he was so much more than all that . "
Brokaw sat among some of Russert 's other colleagues in the front of the show 's set , including Pulitzer Prize - winning author Doris Kearns Goodwin and political analysts Mary Matalin and James Carville , who is also a CNN contributor .
" This is where you separated the men from the boys , " said Matalin , who is married to Carville .
" You were n't a candidate until you came on this show . "
A montage of clips from past years showed various politicians -- former President Bill Clinton , President Bush , former presidential candidate Ross Perot , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff -- sitting across the table from Russert .
Watch politicians , journalists pay homage to Russert »
Some showed the politicians as they squirmed .
" Look , I was asked -- I should n't have said that , " New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said on the show in May 2007 .
Richardson had appeared on the show as part of the " Meet the Candidates 2008 " series , and was grilled by Russert about his contradictory positions on numerous issues .
" So you 're - I 've been in public life for 25 years , you 're going to find a lot of these ; it seems you found them all here , " he said , smiling somewhat sheepishly .
" I 'm just trying to set the record and trying to give you a chance to respond , which is fair , " Russert had responded .
In another clip at the end of an April 2006 show , Sen. John McCain told Russert , " I have n't had so much fun since my last interrogation . "
Russert had appeared as an unlikely icon for television news , with his cherubic face and dimpled chin , but he was a prolific interviewer and tireless journalist , one with an intimidating breadth of political knowledge and insight .
" It was a very easy show to prepare for in the sense that you knew he was not going to ask you any questions out of left field ; you knew his thing was going to be entitlements , you knew his thing was going to be past statements , you knew where he was coming from , " Carville said Sunday of " Meet the Press . "
Matalin countered : " It was simple in the fact that there was no ' gotcha , ' but it was not easy .
Because you had to be 10 questions deep , because he was going to be 12 questions deep . "
As news of his death hit the airwaves and Internet , tributes rolled in -- with nearly everyone praising his prowess as a journalist and as an interviewer .
Bush , in a written statement , called Russert " a tough and hardworking newsman . "
" He was always well - informed and thorough in his interviews , " Bush said .
" And he was as gregarious off the set as he was prepared on it . "
Longtime CBS news anchor Walter Cronkite said , " Broadcast journalism lost one of its greats today .
Tim Russert was a giant in our field -- a standard - bearer of journalistic integrity and ethics .
His masterful interviews and roundtable discussions are legendary .
This is a tragic loss for journalism and for all who were privileged to know him . "
But colleagues who knew him best also praised his warmth , and described him as a mentor .
" I think it 's so poignant that we 're talking about Tim on Father 's Day because he was a father to so many of us , " said California first lady Maria Shriver , who once worked for NBC .
On Friday , NBC chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell said , " He was always teaching each of us to be as rigorous as he was in looking at all the facts , examining everything and then being as balanced and fair and down - the - middle as anyone could possibly be . "
Washingtonian Magazine once dubbed Russert the best and most influential journalist in Washington , D.C. , describing " Meet the Press " as " the most interesting and important hour on television . "
In 2008 , Time Magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world .
His two books -- 2004 's " Big Russ and Me " and 2006's " Wisdom of Our Fathers " -- were both New York Times bestsellers .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
June 23 , 2008
It is obvious watching the BBC ’s trailer of its " The Conspiracy Files : 9/11 – The Third Tower , " set to air on Sunday , 6 July , that " Auntie Beeb " will attempt to make it appear Building 7 at the WTC complex came down as a result of fire ( see trailer below ) .
In other words , it appears the BBC will push — and defend — the government explanation hastily cooked up after attention was focused on the mysterious collapse by researchers , a collapse diligently ignored by the 9/11 Commission in its final report , or that is to say its final whitewash .
The Barry Jennings interview with an introduction by Jason Bermas .
The clip here will appear in Bermas ’ upcoming documentary , Fabled Enemies .
The BBC interviewed Dylan Avery , writer and director of the documentary " Loose Change , " and during the interview the BBC disputed Avery ’s claim that there were dead bodies in the lobby of Building 7 as the result of an explosion prior to the collapse of either WTC buildings .
In order to make his point , Dylan showed the BBC video footage of one Barry Jennings , the New York City Housing Authority worker who made the claim of dead bodies strewn in the rubble .
The Jennings interview included here was to appear in Loose Change , but Mr. Jennings had reservations after receiving threatening phone calls .
He was worried about losing his job and requested the interview not be included .
Jennings , and Mike Hess , New York ’s corporation counsel and a good buddy of then mayor Rudolph Giuliani , went to the Office of Emergency Management ( OEM ) on the 23rd floor of WTC 7 , but when they arrived found the office evacuated , a situation at odds with the whitewash report .
" After the South Tower was hit [ at 9:03 ] , OEM senior leadership decided to remain in its ‘ bunker ’ and continue conducting operations , even though all civilians had been evacuated from 7 WTC , " the report states ( Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States , pp. 305 ) .
The whitewash commission ’s description runs counter to a report published in The London Independent on September 13 , 2001 , indicating that Jennings and Hess arrived at the OEM by the time the South Tower was hit , indicating the center was evacuated earlier than officially claimed .
The BBC trailer for " The Conspiracy Files : 9/11 — The Third Tower . "
According to Hess , when they used the stairs — the elevator was inoperable — to go down to the eighth floor , “ there was an explosion ” and they were “ trapped on the eighth floor with smoke , thick smoke , all around us , for about an hour and a half . ”
The National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) claims the two men went down the stairs after 9:59 , when the first collapse occurred , and were trapped around the time the second tower collapsed at 10:28 , a claim at odds with the version published in the London Independent .
" After the second plane hit they scrambled downstairs to the lobby , or what was left of it .
‘ I looked around , the lobby was gone .
It looked like hell , ’ Mr Jennings said . "
In the video here , Jennings says the lobby of WTC 7 was so destroyed he did not recognize it as such , it was " total ruins , " and the fireman escorting him instructed Jennings and Hess not to look down because " we were stepping over [ dead ] people … and you know you can feel when you are stepping over people . "
Jennings ’ story indicates , contrary to the official version of events , that a bomb or bombs had gone off in WTC 7 , well before either WTC buildings collapsed ( the south tower collapsed at 9:59 a.m. and the north tower followed at 10:28 a.m. ) .
For the government and the corporate media , the Jennings narrative is problematic , to say the least .
As the BBC ’s role is to obfuscate what really happened at WTC 7 and push the official version , now increasingly under scrutiny , we can expect the world ’s largest media corporation to ignore Jennings ’ narrative , recorded last year by Avery and Loose Change co-creator , Jason Bermas .
" This is vital information because it is in direct conflict with the official claim that no one was killed inside building 7 .
The 9/11 Commission report did not even mention building , yet here we have a key witness who told them he saw dead people inside the building after explosions had gutted the lower level , " wrote Steve Watson on June 19 , 2007 .
What makes all this information even more explosive is the fact that this individual [ now revealed to be Barry Jennings ] was interviewed by the 9/11 Commission as they conducted their so called investigation .
The fact that the building was not even mentioned in the report in light of this information thus becomes chilling and indicates that officials have lied in stating that they have not come into contact with evidence of explosive devices within the buildings .
Avery and Bermas successfully contacted the individual after discovering a TV interview he did on 9/11 while they were trawling through news footage from the day in research for the Final Cut .
As this video documents , there were bombs in the buildings , a fact scrubbed from the official whitewash narrative , essentially a fairy tale .
Jennings ’ description of dead bodies in the bombed out lobby of WTC 7 underscores multiple accounts of bombs in the buildings , from firefighters , law enforcement officers , and other extremely credible witnesses , including the New York Fire Department Chief of Safety , the Assistant Fire Commissioner , and an FBI agent quoted by USA Today ( see video at left ) .
For a comprehensive review of these accounts and many others , see Firefighters and law enforcement officers believe that bombs inside the WTC brought down the buildings on the Global Research site .
It will be interesting to see how the BBC handles this aspect of the WTC 7 collapse .
More than likely , they will ignore Avery ’s evidence and push the ludicrous fairy tale that fire so weakened the building it had to be " pulled , " as Larry Silverstein so infamously claimed in the PBS ’ propaganda piece , " America Rebuilds . "
As should be obvious to all who pay attention , the textbook demolition of WTC 7 undermines the entire official fairy tale of what happened on the morning of September 11 , 2001 , and that is why it was not included in the whitewash commission ’s report , although NIST has since lamely attempted to blame the collapse on the improbable failure of a single column that supposedly lead to the subsequent failure of the building ’s 27 core columns , precipitating a total collapse .
Fairy tales aside , it should be obvious what happened to WTC 7 — it was fitted with a bomb or bombs and was intended to collapse at approximately the same time as the other buildings .
This plan failed miserably and the September 11 conspirators had no choice but to bring the building down late in the afternoon — to " pull it , " as Silverstein explained — and hurriedly cobble together a fantastic and unbelievable explanation that fire had weakened the steel frame structure and precipitated its collapse .
Mr. Jennings story demolishes the official fairy tale version and it will be interesting to see how the BBC and the corporate media deal with his story .
More than likely , they will continue to ignore the facts — the WTC buildings were brought down through demolition , not as a result of fire , and Mr. Jennings ’ story serves as a capstone in the ongoing effort to bring out the truth and ultimately bring to justice the perpetrators .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Press release
UN Drugs Chief Praises Massive Cannabis Bust in Afghanistan
12 June 2008 , TOKYO ( UNODC ) - Antonio Maria Costa , Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) , today congratulated the Minister of the Interior of Afghanistan for finding and destroying , with support from ISAF , what is believed to be the world 's largest seizure of drugs .
The 236.8 metric tonnes of hashish would have had a wholesale value of $ 400 million , according to the NATO operation in Afghanistan .
" This is a massive seizure , and a major success for counter - narcotics in Afghanistan " , said Mr. Costa .
" Notorious for being the world 's biggest producer of opium , Afghanistan has also become a major source of cannabis resin " , said Mr. Costa .
UNODC estimates that some 70,000 hectares of cannabis were grown in 2007 , up from 50,000 in 2006 and 30,000 in 2005 .
Afghanistan appears to be overtaking the world 's top cannabis grower , Morocco , where the multi-billion dollar cannabis harvest halved from 2003 to 2006 .
" The international community needs to provide more support to curb Afghanistan 's drug problem " , said the UN drugs czar as an international conference in support of Afghanistan got underway in Paris .
He praised the decision made by the Security Council on 11 June to adopt a resolution ( 1817 ) that calls on all UN Member States to tighten international and regional controls on the manufacture and trade of chemical precursors ( needed to make heroin ) , and prevent their diversion to illicit markets .
" This should make heroin production a riskier business " , said Mr. Costa .
The head of UNODC also urged Member States , while revamping Security Council resolution 1735 , to list , freeze the assets , and ban the travel of individuals and entities participating in the financing of terrorism using proceeds derived from the production and trafficking of narcotic drugs and their precursors .
" Drugs are financing terrorism and insurgency in Afghanistan .
The Security Council has created a list , but there are still no names on it .
I urge governments to come forward with the names and evidence needed to bring the most wanted drug traffickers to justice " , said Mr. Costa .
* *** *
For information , please contact :
Mr. Walter Kemp
Speechwriter and Spokesman
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
Telephone : ( +43-1 ) 26060 5629
Mobile : ( +43-699 ) 1459-5629
E-mail : walter.kemp@unodc.org
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. employers shed jobs for a fifth straight month in May and the unemployment rate jumped to its highest in more than 3 - 1 / 2 years , partly because more people were trying to come back into the workforce , a Labor Department report on Friday showed .
The unemployment rate rose to 5.5 percent last month from 5 percent , its highest level since October 2004 .
Some 49,000 jobs were cut from payrolls in May , up from a revised 28,000 that were lost in April .
Wall Street economists surveyed by Reuters forecast that 58,000 jobs would be lost in May but had foreseen the unemployment rate rising only to 5.1 percent .
So far in 2008 , job losses have totaled 324,000 , the department said .
The number of people in the workforce climbed by 577,000 in May , up sharply from an increase of 173,000 in April .
Department officials noted that in the period from April through July , there typically is an increase in the numbers of young people seeking temporary work when school is out .
There were substantial job losses in May in construction industries where 34,000 cuts were made , in manufacturing where 26,000 jobs were lost , and among providers of professional services where 39,000 jobs were lost .
Portrait of an INTP - Introverted iNtuitive Thinking Perceiving
( Introverted Thinking with Extraverted Intuition )
The Thinker
As an INTP , your primary mode of living is focused internally , where you deal with things rationally and logically .
Your secondary mode is external , where you take things in primarily via your intuition .
INTPs live in the world of theoretical possibilities .
They see everything in terms of how it could be improved , or what it could be turned into .
They live primarily inside their own minds , having the ability to analyze difficult problems , identify patterns , and come up with logical explanations .
They seek clarity in everything , and are therefore driven to build knowledge .
They are the " absent - minded professors " , who highly value intelligence and the ability to apply logic to theories to find solutions .
They typically are so strongly driven to turn problems into logical explanations , that they live much of their lives within their own heads , and may not place as much importance or value on the external world .
Their natural drive to turn theories into concrete understanding may turn into a feeling of personal responsibility to solve theoretical problems , and help society move towards a higher understanding .
INTPs value knowledge above all else .
Their minds are constantly working to generate new theories , or to prove or disprove existing theories .
They approach problems and theories with enthusiasm and skepticism , ignoring existing rules and opinions and defining their own approach to the resolution .
They seek patterns and logical explanations for anything that interests them .
They 're usually extremely bright , and able to be objectively critical in their analysis .
They love new ideas , and become very excited over abstractions and theories .
They love to discuss these concepts with others .
They may seem " dreamy " and distant to others , because they spend a lot of time inside their minds musing over theories .
They hate to work on routine things - they would much prefer to build complex theoretical solutions , and leave the implementation of the system to others .
They are intensely interested in theory , and will put forth tremendous amounts of time and energy into finding a solution to a problem with has piqued their interest .
INTPs do not like to lead or control people .
They 're very tolerant and flexible in most situations , unless one of their firmly held beliefs has been violated or challenged , in which case they may take a very rigid stance .
The INTP is likely to be very shy when it comes to meeting new people .
On the other hand , the INTP is very self - confident and gregarious around people they know well , or when discussing theories which they fully understand .
The INTP has no understanding or value for decisions made on the basis of personal subjectivity or feelings .
They strive constantly to achieve logical conclusions to problems , and do n't understand the importance or relevance of applying subjective emotional considerations to decisions .
For this reason , INTPs are usually not in - tune with how people are feeling , and are not naturally well - equiped to meet the emotional needs of others .
The INTP may have a problem with self - aggrandizement and social rebellion , which will interfere with their creative potential .
Since their Feeling side is their least developed trait , the INTP may have difficulty giving the warmth and support that is sometimes necessary in intimate relationships .
If the INTP does n't realize the value of attending to other people 's feelings , he or she may become overly critical and sarcastic with others .
If the INTP is not able to find a place for themself which supports the use of their strongest abilities , they may become generally negative and cynical .
If the INTP has not developed their Sensing side sufficiently , they may become unaware of their environment , and exhibit weakness in performing maintenance - type tasks , such as bill - paying and dressing appropriately .
For the INTP , it is extremely important that ideas and facts are expressed correctly and succinctly .
They are likely to express themselves in what they believe to be absolute truths .
Sometimes , their well thought - out understanding of an idea is not easily understandable by others , but the INTP is not naturally likely to tailor the truth so as to explain it in an understandable way to others .
The INTP may be prone to abandoning a project once they have figured it out , moving on to the next thing .
It 's important that the INTP place importance on expressing their developed theories in understandable ways .
In the end , an amazing discovery means nothing if you are the only person who understands it .
The INTP is usually very independent , unconventional , and original .
They are not likely to place much value on traditional goals such as popularity and security .
They usually have complex characters , and may tend to be restless and temperamental .
They are strongly ingenious , and have unconventional thought patterns which allows them to analyze ideas in new ways .
Consequently , a lot of scientific breakthroughs in the world have been made by the INTP .
The INTP is at his best when he can work on his theories independently .
When given an environment which supports his creative genius and possible eccentricity , the INTP can accomplish truly remarkable things .
These are the pioneers of new thoughts in our society .
Jungian functional preference ordering : Dominant : Introverted Thinking Auxiliary : Extraverted Intuition Tertiary : Introverted Sensing Inferior : Extraverted Feeling
More INTP Resources :
Contact us
Copyright 1998 - 2015 BSM
Consulting , Inc. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
MBTI ® and MYERS - BRIGGS TYPE INDICATOR ® are registered trademarks a;nd MYERS - BRIGGS  is a trademark of Consulting Psychologists Press , Inc. , the publisher of the MBTI instrument .
BSM Consulting is not affiliated with and is not a licensee of Consulting Psychologists Press , Inc .
As you can see by adding the Zero you just change the time display - not system time as such .
Perhaps the next Mac OS will .
It also affects only some applications and not all .
Calendar stays as it is .
For the whole concept & idea take a look at http://longnow.org/
or take a look at my flickr images of the model clock at the Science Museum in Londinium : http://www.flickr.com/photos/hohlwelt/1641884/
Brian Campen also added the link to an interview about the project with Brian Eno .
Update :
I also just got a wonderful gift from LS , Brian Eno's CD " January 07003 | Bell Studies for The Clock of The Long Now . "
It contains 15 long & short tracks with studies of different bells , from " Deep Glass bells , " to " German - style ringing " and " Changes for January 07003 , soft bells , Hillis algorithm . "
I guess all of them are achieved via special software applications that are capable of " physical modelling , " creating sounds from simulated " real " physical properties - otherwise the giant " Kolokol " bell woud n't have been able to sound ...
The result is beautiful to listen to and meditative as the bell sounds mingle with the background .
It has been an utter joy listening to it over the Easter break on a Greek island where the sounds mingled with the continuous local Easter bell ringing , 02007 mixing with 07003 .
The CD comes with a little booklet containing two texts " Bells and their history " and " The Long Now Foundation , " both interesting texts about the two projects in detail , especially helpful Brian Eno 's research into bells .
You may have a look at amazon.com ( not available at amazon.uk yet ? )
http://www.amazon.com/January-07003-Bell-Studies-Clock/dp/B0000ACXT6/ref=sr_1_1/002-3179513-1744833?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1178011748&sr=1-1
Formatting may be lacking as a result .
If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on June 9 , 2008 , Jonathan Activision Vandalizes Statue of Jimi Hendrix With Guitar Hero
Ok , just stop it already , Activision .
You want to drag the Guitar Hero franchise to the ground as quickly as possible , fine ; just do n’t bring Hendrix into it .
The company recently decided to celebrate the fact that a couple of Guitar Hero performances would take place at this year ’s Isle of Wight Festival , an event partly known for featuring one of Jimi Hendrix ’s last performances before his tragic death .
So how does one celebrate a fake guitar performance ?
By vandalizing a tribute to a real guitar legend , it seems .
Activision decided to deck out a bronze statue of Hendrix to make it look like he was holding a Guitar Hero controller instead of an actual instrument .
Just what do you think you ’re doing here , Activision ?
It ’s a known fact that putting a Guitar Hero controller in someone ’s hand just makes them look less cool ( exceptions include politicians , Hollywood stars , and nude women ) .
This is like some scheme Cobra Commander would try and pull .
And then he ’d stop himself and say , “ No wait , that ’s too evil .
Cobra ! ”
Via MusicRadar
News in Science › Ancient Worlds
Ancient Egyptians did it tough
Evidence of a sick , deprived population working under harsh conditions contradicts earlier images of wealth and abundance at a city that was once the capital of ancient Egypt .
Studies on the remains of ordinary ancient Egyptians in a cemetery in Tell el - Amarna show that many suffered from anaemia , fractured bones , stunted growth and high juvenile mortality rates , researchers say .
Professor Jerome Rose , a US anthropologist at the University of Arkansas , says adults buried in the cemetery were probably brought there from other parts of Egypt .
" This means that we have a period of deprivation in Egypt prior to the Amarna phase , " he says .
" So maybe things were not so good for the average Egyptian . "
Professor Barry Kemp , director of the Amarna Project , which seeks in part to increase public knowledge of Tell el - Amarna and the surrounding region , says little attention has been given to the cemeteries of ordinary ancient Egyptians .
" A very large number of ordinary cemeteries have been excavated but just for the objects and very little attention has been paid to human remains , " the University of Cambridge professor says .
" The idea of treating the human remains ... to study the overall health of the population is relatively new . "
Paintings in the tombs of the nobles show an abundance of offerings , but the remains of ordinary people tell a different story .
Rose says pictures show spinal injuries among teenagers , probably because of accidents during construction work to build the city .
The study shows that 74 % of children and teenagers and 44 % of adults had anaemia , Rose says .
The average height of men was 159 centimetres and 153 centimetres for women .
" Adult heights are used as a proxy for overall standard of living , " he says .
" Short statures reflect a diet deficient in protein .
People were not growing to their full potential . "
Kemp says he believes further excavations in Tell el - Amarna will firm - up the team 's conclusions .
" We are seeing a more realistic picture of what life was like , " he says .
" It has nothing to do with the intentions of [ the then - pharaoh ] Akhenaten , which may have been good and paternal toward his people . "
Ancient capital city
The city of Tell el - Amarna was briefly the capital of ancient Egypt during the reign of Akhenaten .
Akhenaten , who ruled between 1379 and 1362 BC , built and lived in Tell el - Amarna in central Egypt for 15 years .
The pharaoh abandoned most of Egypt 's old gods in favour of the Aten sun disc and brought in a new and more expressive style of art .
The city was largely abandoned shortly after the pharoah 's death and the ascendance of the famous boy king Tutankhamen to the throne .
Robert Wexler — Dear Constituents ,
Last Thursday the largest newspaper in my congressional district – the South Florida Sun-Sentinel – published an editorial lambasting my enthusiastic support for immediately holding impeachment hearings for President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
Numerous letters to the editor have also criticized my support for this movement .
Below , you ’ll find the original Sun-Sentinel editorial , followed by my response , which was printed yesterday .
I assure you that I will not back down from this fight “ “ no matter the consequences or political cost .
The only thing that maters is that we deliver accountability for the Bush Cheney Administration and defend our government and our constitution .
If you would like to write a letter to the Sun Sentinel , you can email [ email protected ] .
Thank you for your continued support .
Robert Wexler
Sun-Sentinel Editorial
Impeachment not worth another minute of anybody ’s time
South Florida Sun-Sentinel Editorial Board
June 12 , 2008
ISSUE : Some in Congress want an impeachment .
The nation does have a few pressing issues pending that could use some attention from our federal lawmakers .
Let ’s see .
There are a couple of wars going on , unemployment is on the rise as the value of a house continues to fall , millions of Americans have no health insurance , and did we mention that gas prices are expected to hit $ 5 a gallon ?
You get the idea .
And still , some in Congress feel the nation is just itching for another presidential impeachment .
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio , who has made a career out of eye - rolling issues like these , said this week he wants the House to consider a resolution to impeach President Bush .
Rep. Robert Wexler , D - Delray Beach , who is smarter than this , supported the Articles of Impeachment , which wo n’t go anywhere and thankfully have been buried in a committee not likely to hold hearings before Bush leaves office .
Last year , Kucinich led the misguided charge to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney , and Wexler supported that .
In the case of Bush , Wexler called it a “ sworn duty ” of Congress to act .
Actually , it ’s nobody ’s sworn duty to take up any time to go after a badly battered president with only a few months left in office .
This is a president so unpopular , presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain wo n’t make many public appearances with him .
This is a president who is such a non-entity , peace activists did n’t even bother to protest his appearance in Berlin this week .
Nor should Congress bother with the ridiculous idea of impeachment , which Kucinich contends is warranted because Bush deceived the nation into war .
There ’s plenty of evidence to fuel Kucinich ’s ire , but not his choice of remedy .
If Congress needs more things than impeachment to keep lawmakers busy , it has myriad options .
BOTTOM LINE : Get on with REAL issues .
Copyright ( c ) 2008 , South Florida Sun-Sentinel
The Wexler Response :
The Sun-Sentinel recently ran an editorial criticizing my support for the articles of impeachment against President Bush opining that Congress should instead “ get on with REAL issues ” such as the Iraq war .
In fact , it is this very war — entered into following an unprecedented campaign of lies and manipulated intelligence by the Bush Administration — that necessitates impeachment hearings .
This war has cost us the lives of 4,090 US soldiers , injuries to over 30,000 , and more than a trillion taxpayer dollars when it is all said and done .
It is a dark day when the Sun-Sentinel has the gall to tell the parents of the soldiers who have died in Iraq that pursuing
consequences for those that prosecuted this war of choice based on outright deception is not a “ REAL ” issue that Congress should address .
Sadly , the war is only the beginning .
We now know that this Administration illegally ordered the torture of prisoners , obstructed justice by lying about the outing of a covert CIA agent and authorizing warrantless spying on American citizens .
No one can deny that if proven these allegations amount to High Crimes .
Our failure to act sets an awful precedent and enables future Presidents to break the law and violate our Constitution without sanctions from Congress .
The Sentinel says impeachment is the wrong “ remedy ” for this litany of crimes .
What then is the proper remedy ?
A harsh lecture ?
A strongly worded editorial ?
Or how about doing absolutely nothing in the face of these outrageous abuses of power ?
Impeachment hearings need not distract us from other important priorities such as the economy , gas prices and bringing the troops home from Iraq .
Congress can and should address all important issues – including safeguarding our constitutional rights and obligations .
Dr. Nic is the CEO and founder of Stark & Wayne .
He previously served as both VP of Technology and VP of Engineering at Engine Yard .
He discovered Cloud Foundry in 2011 , and launched Stark & Wayne in 2012 to help the enterprise world with successfully running application container platforms .
Dr Nic is a heavy user and evangelist of Cloud Foundry , Kubernetes , Rancher , Concourse CI , and BOSH .
He is the author of online books Concourse Tutorial and Ultimate Guide to BOSH .
He has presented at dozens of conferences .
Read his articles written for Stark & Wayne , find him on Twitter @drnic , on GitHub @drnic , and Linked In @drnic .
Mid-February was a good time to be a Blu-ray backer .
Media moguls who had championed the technology were busy floating on yachts in the Pacific , chomping cigars , and stroking white longhaired cats ; the billion - dollar payday was at hand .
But numbers out last week indicate that standalone Blu-ray player sales plummeted in the early part of this year , and enthusiasm for the hi-def format appears as lukewarm as the applause at an REO Speedwagon concert .
Where did all the buyers go ?
Last week , both ABI Research and The NPD Group delivered the news : the standalone Blu-ray player market did not suddenly rise up and walk after HD DVD quit the market .
Instead , it remained in its bed and took a turn for the worse .
NPD reports that player sales dropped by 40 percent from January to February 2008 and increased by only 2 percent the following month .
ABI argues that the Blu-ray player market wo n't improve to full health for more than a year , perhaps as long as 18 months .
" BD player prices remain high , and supplies are limited , " says ABI Research principal analyst Steve Wilson .
" This is good for the market because most current players do not support all the functions that studios place on the discs .
Lacking support for — or upgradability to —BD Live ! or Bonus View ( picture in picture ) , consumers cannot utilize all the available options .
Manufacturers would rather sell more fully - featured models . "
Data source : ABI Research
This is " good " only because the collective companies involved in supporting Blu-ray have n't been able to get their collective act together .
In fact , the only real beneficiary of the current high - prices , underperforming standalone players has been Sony 's games division , which produces the PlayStation 3 , a solid ( and future - proof ) Blu-ray player in its own right .
In answer to the question posed above , it appears that buyers have gone in several directions simultaneously .
PS3 .
The reported declines in Blu-ray player sales are n't actually declines at all ; they only apply to standalone players .
Sony 's PlayStation 3 has been moving serious units , and while standalone player shipments can be numbered in the thousands , Sony sold 257,000 PS3s in March 2008 alone .
That represents a 98 percent growth rate in year - over - year sales .
Given the high cost of standalone players and the fact that the price did n't fall after the HD DVD announcement , it 's clear that most people are getting their Blu-ray fix from the PS3 .
ABI believes that PS3s will account for a full 85 percent of all Blu-ray players in the wild by the end of 2008 .
Despite dire headlines regarding Blu-ray that are based on the recent ABI and NPD reports , it 's clear that the format is actually growing the number of players in the field , and in significant ways .
Upconverting players .
HD players from both contending formats have long had to face questions about whether the quality boost they offer is " good enough " to drive users to make a pricey upgrade away from a DVD player .
While the PS3 represents a good value for money , standalone players typically do n't .
They still exist far above the $ 100 magic number for broad adoption of new consumer electronics devices , and upconverting DVD tech continues to look quite good .
On my new 52 " LCD TV , for instance , Battlestar Galactica upconverted over an HDMI connection looks simply spectacular .
Sure , it would look better in HD , but good enough that I want to drop hundreds on a new player ?
Data source : NPD Group
NPD notes that upconverting DVD player sales are up 5 percent in the first quarter of 2008 over 2007 , while those that cannot upconvert dropped by 39 percent .
Download services .
But not everyone sees the need for a disc - based player anymore .
The 360 has a well - regarded content download service that delivers HD movies right to the console , for instance , and Microsoft has been talking up to the direct download model for content distribution now that its pony is out of the race .
Apple has its own iTunes infrastructure that can serve up video content to iPods , iPhones , Macs , PCs , and TVs , and it now offers 720 p rentals for the Apple TV .
Amazon and TiVo provide further video download and rental options , while Netflix has been adding to its ever - increasing stable of films that can be streamed online instead of ordered through the mail .
Given the array of such services available , it 's not hard to see how even tech - savvy folks might hang on to a decent DVD player as backup but make use of newer streaming and download services to grab on - demand fare .
HD DVD is dead , and Blu-ray is arguably well positioned to take advantage of that fact .
But the format has a long way to go before it supplants DVD as the physical media of choice for the living room .
Remember , it took nearly a decade for sales of DVD players to overtake those of VCRs .
It was only when DVD players began dropping down around $ 100 that they truly took off , and Blu-ray has a long way to go before it gets there .
Big Moving Pictures ( BMP ) describes itself as " a rolling television network . "
Basically , that means they deliver gigantic televisions , cameras and sound equipment to major outdoor events like a Blue Angels flying demo to enhance the experience .
Thanks to an agreement signed yesterday , BMP plans on kicking the entertainment factor up a notch or two by building gigantic , truck - mounted 40 ' x 22 ' HDTV screens and hauling them to a rock concert near you .
When completed , the displays will be the largest mobile HDTVs in the world — and the first LED displays that provide full HDTV resolution in daytime outdoor environments .
Advertisement
The hydraulically operated jumbo TVs are expected to weigh an astonishing 66,000 pounds and deliver true 16:9 aspect ratio for direct usage of 720P HDTV signals .
Other features include an LED element pitch of 15 mm and a brightness range up to 10,000NITS — so the TVs are not only bigger , they should also be significantly brighter than anything else out there .
How long it will take to get these screens built has not been determined , but one thing is for sure — when all is said and done they should be a big hit with an audience ( and advertisers ) .
If only we could play games on it .
Here 's some clarification from the manufacturer :
- It 's Not A Projector .
Some of the bloggers seem to think that this is a reflected - light solution ( a " Just get a bigger projector " or " projectors will never work in bright sunlight " ) indicating that they did n't understand ( despite the giant headline ) that this is a non-projected LED screen - light - emitting diodes / LEDs are transmissive light and are easily capable , with a sufficiently large array at state - of - the - art output devices , of operating clearly in dazzlign sunlight .
At night , you actually have to turn them down or they become absolutely blinding ( but in that dance - party application ... Hey ... ) .
Just For Fun - we first determined that Moore 's Law also applied to displays when testing a small , prototypical ultra - bright screen during the XPRIZE flights of SpaceShip One out in the Mojave Desert - the SpaceShip had to be launched at dawn when the wind was calm , so that meant capturing the live camera downlink and putting it up on some kind of display .
The one we were able to put together , using ( what were then ) the only super - bright LED modules available in a kludge on a trailer , gave us and thousands of people in attendance the opportunity to witness the first time that a privately built spacecraft left the Earth 's atmosphere , live against the blazing early - morning desert sunlight .
Since then we 've evolved the MEGASCREENS concept that you see today .
- The Resolution Question .
These screens take a bone - stock 720P signal in , the actual number of lines works out to around 660 due to the physical limitations of what you can fold up and take down an American road .
With a dot - pitch of 15 mm you can only pack so many lines into a semi-trailer .
Going to the next smaller size ( 10 mm is the current state - of - the - art for outdoors with an IP65 environment rating , the smaller sizes can't take heat or water ) makes the thing almost look blurry at a distance ( we 've tried ) and would generate a staggering amount of heat for little picture - gain .
SO after a lot of calculating , trial - and - error plus input and advice from literally the world 's leading experts on these LED products , we came to 15 mm .
The point is that we can feed a normal , HD - SDI ( the pro HD line standard which has little in common , unfortunately , with the HDMI consumer standard ) signal into the system , the video processor works out the scaling - down to 660 lines , with almost no downgrading that is visible to the naked eye , and we have a beautiful picture .
- The Other Resolution Question .
It 's funny that someone mentioned " 1080 p " - first of all , there is no true network standard for 1080 p , we went around the entire broadcasters ' convention last week ( NAB ) and found that only digital cinema people care about it - even Yoda ( aka Gary Demos , the American father of HD ... there is a Japanese counterpart to him ... ) believes that for " your ( meaning , My ) kind of content , 720 p is the right format " which is good enough for me .
Oddly , before reading that blogger 's comment , the only person who had pushed me on the 1080 p issue was Mark Cuban .
Anyway , from a physical standpoint , taking 15 mm pitch LEDs and building a 1080 - sized screen would not fold up sufficiently to roll down a road in America .
But if and when that becomes practical , we 'll be there , Dude .
For the next 3 - 5 years , though , and pending a big evolution of that technology , we 'll be very happy to blow our minds with 720 p at ridiculous brightness levels , playing Halo from 1,000 feet away .
Advertisement
Press Release :
BIG MOVING PICTURES & STRONGBASE USA SIGN PARTNERING AGREEMENT TO PRODUCE THE WORLD'S LARGEST MOBILE HDTV SCREENS April 30 , 2008 LAS VEGAS , NV ( APRIL 30 , 2008 ) - Big Moving Pictures Inc. ( BMP ) , the creator of the ' rolling television network ' concept , and Strongbase USA today announced the signing of a unique agreement to create the largest mobile LED screen displays ever produced to make BMP the undisputed leader in on - site audience engagement systems .
Raising the bar for " state of the art " at just under 40 feet wide by 22 feet high ( more than 40 percent larger than current screens ) MEGASCREENS will be the first LED displays to ever provide full HDTV resolution in daytime outdoor environments .
Big Moving Pictures will transport MEGASCREENS to the largest events in the United States and Canada where they will augment and enhance the audience experience at air shows featuring the US Navy Blue Angels , US Air Force Thunderbirds and open - wheel auto races such as the NHRA and Indy .
" We are building a ' rolling television network ' , " said BMP President & CEO David Knight , " with everything that a television network normally has - cameras , graphics , performers , and supported by national advertisers - but using giant screens to reach large audiences instead of their home TV sets . "
Utilizing the worlds ' largest mobile televisions , Big Moving Pictures will be able to capture and command the attention of millions of viewers nationwide at many of the most popular annual outdoor events .
State - Of - The -Illumination - Art MEGASCREENS will be built using the brightest Light - Emitting - Diode ( LED ) technology available .
Essentially an evolution of the video display systems currently used in stadiums or rock concerts , MEGASCREENS are the biggest and most powerful LED - based display solution yet devised .
" There is simply nothing out there in the world of big screens even close to these - MEGASCREENS will be forty percent bigger and about 200 percent brighter than any current mobile outdoor screen , " stated Knight , " plus they can withstand the rigors of the aviation and motorsports environments , including the ability to be situated next to runways , on oceanfront piers and even barges in the water , taking punishment from high winds and saltwater bombardment . "
Knight explained " This is an extreme engineering challenge , which is why we elected to partner with the most successful maker of LED - based video systems in the world , Strongbase through their American arm , Strongbase USA . "
Going To The Source Big Moving Pictures spent nearly eighteen months doing prototyping and test performances using a wide variety of vendors ' outdoor LED display units and found that none of the well - entrenched products could meet BMP 's specific technological , environmental and scalability needs .
At the end of this search , BMP elected to work directly with the company that has been providing LEDs and related componentry to most of the display industry : Hong Kong Strongbase Investment Group through Strongbase USA , which handles North American sales , service and marketing for its parent .
Through its tight engineering partnership with Strongbase BMP has been able to move its development plans forward more quickly to the mutual benefit of both companies .
" Our work with and for BMP is taking us into new territory , with the production of the most powerful mobile screens in the world , " said San Wang , Managing Director of Strongbase USA .
" The challenges posed by this development and manufacturing effort are placing us at the forefront of the LED display systems world , leading to new and advanced products which all of our customers can take advantage of , " Wang continued .
Why The Rolling Television Network & MEGASCREENS , Now Advertisers have learned that they cannot rely entirely on in - home media to reach and motivate consumers .
Recognizing a unique opportunity Big Moving Pictures developed its " Rolling Television Network " which offers advertisers the opportunity to connect effectively with consumers at many extraordinarily well - attended outdoor events .
Through its unique alliances with many of the most important air shows that feature the US Navy Blue Angels and US Air Force Thunderbirds jet teams Big Moving Pictures will give millions of attendees unprecedented views inside cockpits and from the pilot 's point of view as well as insights into who the pilots are through 90 - second " Meet The Team " exclusives .
BMP 's programming is supported by commercials for major brands that run during intervals in the action .
The company will announce additional partnerships in the motorsports and music categories within the coming year .
Why Strongbase USA
It was the need for big , bright , super - clear images in outdoor venues combined with transportability for city - to - city movement that drove BMP to seek a partner in the MEGASCREEN development effort : Strongbase USA was the undisputed winner .
" We are extremely confident in our ability to support this development partnership like no other manufacturer , " stated Greg Hawkins , Director of Sales & Marketing for Strongbase USA .
" Big Moving Pictures is a detail - oriented , business - focused group who treat this effort as core to their business .
We are thrilled to partner with them on the MEGASCREEN project . "
MEGASCREEN Truck Open High Definition , High Visibility Outdoors The Big Moving Pictures / Strongbase developed MEGASCREENS are the first mobile screens to provide a true HD display for crisp , ultra - bright viewing by hundreds of thousands of audience members at an outdoor event .
Using the 720P standard for high definition supported by many broadcast networks such as ABC , Fox , and ESPN where the progressive - scan format offers better imaging for sports and with a projected 5 - 7 year life MEGASCREENS will be available to serve the needs of Big Moving Pictures and other users in the action sports , movie , music , product launch , and videogaming industries for a long time to come .
About Big Moving Pictures Big Moving Pictures is the first company to monetize advertising on outdoor television screens at large events on a national scale .
Although superficially similar to the systems of production trucks and outdoor LED screens seen for years at baseball games , NFL , NASCAR and others , BMP applies a new , Silicon Valley - style angle that makes it possible for advertisers to conclusively reach their target consumers , and introduces the ad - based revenue model to large spectator events — this works thanks to BMP 's total integration with the event itself — there is no competing ' signal ' coming over the sound system or screens that could confuse or distract the audience — in every sense of the word , Big Moving Pictures becomes one with the show .
About Strongbase USA Strongbase USA is a full color display manufacturer and content provider , specializing in custom design applications using light emitting diode ( LED ) technology , including but not limited to : indoor and outdoor display solutions , engineering design services , portable video walls , mobile video display solutions , stadium and arena scoreboards , and custom content software development .
Strongbase USA is the North American Division of Hong Kong Strongbase Investment Group , the largest full color display manufacturer in China with over 3,000 display installations worldwide , is currently listed on the London , Hong Kong and Shenzhen Stock Exchange .
About MEGASCREENS
Weighing 66,000 pounds and hydraulically operated , the MEGASCREENS are trailer - mounted for maximum portability and rapid deployment into a given situation .
Typical time from arriving onsite to displaying video will be under one hour , done by a single technician or truck driver .
Image area sizing will be 39.4 '
W x 22 ' H in a true 16:9 aspect ratio for direct usage of 720P HDTV signals .
LED element pitch is 15 mm , brightness range up to 10,000NITS .
HD video transmission to the screens will be accomplished by laser - based , digital microwave or fiber optic cabling systems .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
[ BMP via Gizmag ]
2007-07-31 06:42 am ( UTC )
It 's already doing a byte - for - byte copy .
The point here is that there 's an extra I/O port access ( which can be excruciatingly slow ) after every single byte as a slowdown , which is unnecessary .
I 'm not just saying it 's unnecessary because we 're all naïve about hardware , but because it did n't exist in 6.9 .
By a quirk of the modular tree , versions 7.0 and later use the I/O port access , whereas versions 6.9 and earlier just swap BL and BH about ten times as a delay , which , I 'm sure you know , will generate no delay whatsoever on any machine made after 1995 .
I have to admit , Millionairism is n't really a word , but it 's not hard to imagine the meaning of it .
For a summarized version , there are 2 basic steps : first you have to come up with a great idea , or steal it from someone else .
Then you have to figure out how to sell it , either once for a lot of money , or many times for still a lot of money .
The latter is more challenging , because if you remember step 1 , somebody will probably come along and steal your great idea .
I think at least 80 % of the worlds great ideas that turned people into millionaires were stolen from people who were slow to monetize on it .
Many people try to patent something , but that takes time , and usually there are ways around it .
On most occasions it 's very simple to just modify the patented great idea and call it your own .
More to come after the commercial break . *
Are you tired of walking into the bathroom and seeing your little sister 's big shit still floating in the toilet ?
Are you tired of flushing multiple times so that your little sister does n't have to go through the same ordeal with your big shits ?
The answer is here !
It 's the revolutionary toilet with the logo of a poker hand : Ace , King , Queen , Jack , and Ten .
Yes , that 's right !
It 's the Royal Flush !
Never again will you see the excrements of your family members or house guests .
Available in all stores near you !
* Welcome back to " The Path to Millionairism " , where you can learn to be a millionaire .
Many people have the wrong idea about being a millionaire ; they think that just having a million of a type of currency makes them one , but that 's not precise .
Actually , a real millionaire only needs to make 84 grand per month , because a millionaire is defined as someone having a yearly salary over a million .
That kind of takes the fun out of it , does n't it ?
Do n't worry , as long as that 84 thousand is in a strong currency , you 'll be OK !
Do n't bother moving to Burma where being a millionaire is someone who earns minimum wage in western countries .
Being a millionaire is not about being a millionaire ; it 's about purchasing power !
You see a car you like , you buy it ; you see something you like on the menu , you do n't bother looking over to the right side of the page ( where the prices are written ) , you just order it !
That 's the beauty of being a millionaire .
Now how do we get there ?
There are several things you need .
They are n't requirements , but they will help a lot .
Firstly : innovation .
This is creating ( or stealing ) that great idea .
Next we 'll need skill , knowledge , and top it off with hard work .
Give it a couple of years , adding a touch of luck here and there , and BANG , you 're a millionaire .
It 's quite simple is n't it ?
I do n't know why people are still poor all around the world .
I 'm not hoping that this was helpful to you , because I suspect it is .
I do fear that this was not the answer you were looking for .
I think you wanted to hear something like " even dumb lazy people can become millionaires " ( possible , but you 'll need a hell of a lot of luck ) , but nope .
I 've just told you what you knew , but did n't know you knew until you 've finished reading this .
Do n't miss the evening special : Working at Home - asking your boss if you can move into the office .
Take care for now , and do n't complain !
The Israeli deputy defense minister , Matan Vilnai , said that the military was engaged in “ an enlarged operation and not a major ground operation ” of the type Israeli politicians have been pressing for .
Mr. Vilnai told Israel Radio that “ we are using mostly air units , ” and that Israeli forces “ are permanently engaged in Gaza and what we are doing now is within the scope of such activities . ”
On Friday , using the Hebrew word for the holocaust , which also means catastrophe , Mr. Vilnai warned Palestinians that they faced catastrophe if the rocket firing continued .
After something of a lull on Friday , about two dozen rockets landed in Israel on Saturday , including seven Katyushas that struck in or near Ashkelon , lightly wounding a woman and two children just after midnight .
Saturday afternoon , another rocket hit the Ashkelon marina shopping center , moderately wounding one person and lightly wounding two others , the Israeli military said .
Israeli troops began their operation just after midnight , concentrating on a hilly area near crowded Jabaliya , within two miles of the Gazan border , where many of the rockets are launched from among the civilian population .
At least five Israeli soldiers were wounded in the fighting , the military said .
On Friday , Hussein Dardouna , 50 , was burying his son , Omar , 14 , killed while playing with his friends by an Israeli strike aimed at a rocket - launching team .
“ I could n’t identify the body of my son , ” he said .
“ It was very hard until I found the head of my son .
I ’m against these rockets , but I am afraid .
What can I do ?
If I protest they will hit me , they will kill me . ”
Another woman at the funeral said : “ Everyone is afraid now .
Where is Abu Mazen , where is Haniya ? ” she asked , referring to Mr. Abbas and the Hamas prime minister of Gaza , Ismail Haniya .
“ Come and protect us . ”
Another woman , fully veiled , and a Hamas supporter , yelled at a reporter for asking such questions .
Neither woman would agree to be identified .
Bryan Caplan on libertarians and the welfare state :
Libertarians and the Welfare State : Is It Time to Drop the Hard Line ? , by Bryan Caplan : Libertarians are widely seen as welfare - state abolitionists - people who want to eliminate government 's " safety - net " role , not make it more efficient .
Will Wilkinson rightly points out that many well - known intellectuals in the libertarian camp - including Friedman , Hayek , and Buchanan - did n't share the abolitionist position , and suggests that it might be time for libertarians to drop their extremism and get real :
The death of socialism as a viable competitor to the liberal - capitalist welfare state makes continued slippery - slope - to - socialism thinking look densely anachronistic .
Other liberal welfare states , like the UK , Sweden , Denmark , Australia , New Zealand , etc. , have moved in a rather more market - liberal direction , becoming rather less of a soft - socialist middle - ground between the American model and full - on economic socialism ...
In this context , the negative income tax looks much less like a dangerous concession to the world - historical forces of evil .
Will 's right about Friedman , Hayek , and Buchanan , and right about the slippery - slope argument .
But I still think that welfare - state abolitionism has the force of argument on its side .
First , though I 'm not going to win Will over to " Ayn Rand and Murray Rothbard ’s peculiar views of rights and coercion , " the welfare state is an area where it 's particularly apt .
Almost no one thinks you should be legally required to financially assist your relatives - even your indigent parents who raised you .
The welfare - state abolitionist can fairly ask all of these people a tough question :
If your parents should n't have a legal right to your help when they really need it , why should complete strangers ? ...
I 'll answer that for unemployment insurance and other programs designed to cushion workers against shocks ( I 'm taking as given that unemployment insurance has social value , that market failure prevents the private sector from providing sufficient insurance , and that government can improve the situation by intervening , points that libertarians may not be willing to stipulate ) .
In order to be flexible and dynamic , capitalism has to be able to move people and resources out of declining industries and into other industries where they can be utilized more effectively , and this needs to happen as quickly and efficiently as possible .
As a society we do better if we can respond effectively when the economy is hit by shocks , but this capability comes at a cost to individuals .
Workers can lose their jobs for reasons that have nothing to do with their own behavior .
They show up to work each day , put in a full days work , and make their contribution to society .
But one day , for reasons outside of their control , the job can suddenly end .
Now , if somehow the individual 's choices are the cause of their unemployment , there might be an argument for letting individual workers bear the full cost of losing the job .
But that 's not what generally happens , it 's not usually the individual 's fault that the plant closed or that people stopped purchasing Betamax ( and there are rules to try to exclude people from receiving benefits when their unemployment is the consequence of their own behavior or choices ) .
The source of the insecurity for workers is the system we live under , capitalism .
It 's better than any other system yet devised at providing for our needs , but within this system changes in preferences , changes in technology , management errors , the weather - all sorts of things out of the worker 's control can cause them to become unemployed .
Because it 's a risk that 's due to the system we live under , the cost of insuring against it should be shared by all those living within the system and benefiting from it , i.e. the cost should be shared across the entire population .
The burden of paying for capitalism 's dynamism and flexibility should n't be limited to the individual or the individual 's family .
So I do n't see any contradiction in saying that families should not be required to provide this insurance , but " complete strangers " should .
The point of “ Open ” in OpenID
TechCrunch report that Microsoft are accepting OpenID for their new HealthVault site , but with a catch : you can only use OpenIDs from two providers : Trustbearer ( who offer two - factor authentication using a hardware token ) and Verisign .
" Whatever happened to the Open in OpenID ? " , asks TechCrunch ’s Jason Kincaid .
Microsoft ’s decision is a beautiful example of the Open in action , and I fully support it .
You have to remember that behind the excitement and marketing OpenID is a protocol , just like SMTP or HTTP .
All OpenID actually provides is a mechanism for asserting ownership over a URL and then “ proving ” that assertion .
We can build a pyramid of interesting things on top of this , but that assertion is really all OpenID gives us ( well , that and a globally unique identifier ) .
In internet theory terms , it ’s a dumb network : the protocol just concentrates on passing assertions around ; it ’s up to the endpoints to set policies and invent interesting applications .
Open means that providers and consumers are free to use the protocol in whatever way they wish .
If they want to only accept OpenID from a trusted subset of providers , they can go ahead .
If they only want to pass OpenID details around behind the corporate firewall ( great for gluing together an SSO network from open - source components ) they can knock themselves out .
Just like SMTP or HTTP , the protocol does not imply any rules about where or how it should be used .
HealthVault have clearly made this decision due to security concerns — not over the OpenID protocol itself , but the providers that their users might choose to trust .
By accepting OpenID on your site you are outsourcing the security of your users to an unknown third party , and you ca n’t guarantee that your users picked a good home for their OpenID .
If you ’re a bank or a healthcare provider that ’s not a risk you want to take ; whitelisting providers that you have audited for security means you do n’t have to rule out OpenID entirely .
I have a very simple rule of thumb for whether or not a site should consider whitelisting OpenID providers : does the site offer a “ forgotten password ” feature that e-mails the user a login token ?
If it does , then the owners have already made the decision to outsource the security of their users to whoever they picked as an e-mail provider .
If they do n’t ( banks are a good example here ) they should continue that policy decision and consider using an OpenID provider whitelist .
I ’ve been using the example of banks potentially accepting OpenID only from security audited providers in my talks on OpenID for at least the past year .
Now I can finally provide a real - world example .
Man owes a great debt to the scientists on this list ; all of them died or were injured in their pursuit of knowledge .
The advances they have all made to science are extraordinary and many of them paved the way for some of man ’s greatest discoveries and inventions .
10 Karl Scheele Died from tasting his discoveries
Scheele was a brilliant pharmaceutical chemist who discovered many chemical elements – the most notable of which were oxygen ( though Joseph Priestley published his findings first ) , molybdenum , tungsten , manganese , and chlorine .
He also discovered a process very similar to pasteurization .
Scheele had the habit of taste testing his discoveries and , fortunately , managed to survive his taste - test of hydrogen cyanide .
But alas , his luck was to run out : he died of symptoms strongly resembling mercury poisoning .
9 Jean -Francois De Rozier
First victim of an air crash
Jean - Francois was a teacher of physics and chemistry .
In 1783 he witnessed the world ’s first balloon flight which created in him a passion for flight .
After assisting in the untethered flight of a sheep , a chicken , and a duck , he took the first manned free flight in a balloon .
He travelled at an altitude of 3,000 feet using a hot air balloon .
Not stopping there , De Rozier planned a crossing of the English Channel from France to England .
Unfortunately it was his last flight ; after reaching 1,500 feet in a combined hot air and gas balloon , the balloon deflated , causing him to fall to his death .
His fiancee died 8 days later – possibly from suicide .
8 Sir David Brewster Nearly blinded
Sir David was a Scottish inventor , scientist , and writer .
His field of interest was optics and light polarization – a field requiring excellent vision .
Unfortunately for Sir David , he performed a chemical experiment in 1831 which nearly blinded him .
While his vision did return , he was plagued with eye troubles until his death .
Brewster is well known for having been the inventor of the kaleidoscope – a toy that has brought joy to millions of children over the years .
7 Elizabeth Ascheim Killed by X - Rays
Elizabeth Fleischman Ascheim married her doctor , Dr Woolf , shortly after her mother died .
Because of his medical position , Woolf was very interested in the new discovery of Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen – x-rays .
His new wife became equally interested and she gave up her job as a bookkeeper to undertake studies in electrical science .
Eventually she bought an x-ray machine which she moved in to her husbands office – this was the first x-ray lab in San Francisco .
She and her husband spent some years experimenting with the machine – using themselves as subjects .
Unfortunately they did not realize the consequences of their lack of protection and Elizabeth died of an extremely widespread and violent cancer .
Information on Ascheim is scarce , so I recommend you read this PDF on her life .
6 Alexander Bogdanov Killed himself with blood
Bogdanov was a Russian physician , philosopher , economist , science fiction writer , and revolutionary .
In 1924 , he began experiments with blood transfusion – most likely in a search for eternal youth .
After 11 transfusions ( which he performed on himself ) , he declared that he had suspended his balding , and improved his eyesight .
Unfortunately for Bogdanov , the science of transfusion was a young one and Bogdanov was not one to test the health of the blood he was using or the donor .
In 1928 , Bogdanov took a transfusion of blood infected with malaria and tuberculosis .
Consequently he died shortly after .
5 Robert Bunsen Blinded himself in one eye
Robert Bunsen is probably best known for having given his name to the bunsen burner which he helped to popularize .
He started out his scientific career in organic chemistry but nearly died twice of arsenic poisoning .
Shortly after his near - death experiences , he lost the sight in his right eye after an explosion of cacodyl cyanide .
These being excellent reasons to change fields , he moved in to inorganic chemistry and went on to develop the field of spectroscopy .
4 Sir Humphrey Davy A catalog of disasters
Sir Humphrey Davy , the brilliant British chemist and inventor , got a very bumpy start to his science career .
As a young apprentice he was fired from his job at an apothecary because he caused too many explosions !
When he eventually took up the field of chemistry , he had a habit of inhaling the various gasses he was dealing with .
Fortunately this bad habit led to his discovery of the anesthetic properties of nitrous oxide .
But , unfortunately , this same habit led to him nearly killing himself on many occasions .
The frequent poisonings left him an invalid for the remaining two decades of his life .
During this time he also permanently damaged his eyes in a nitrogen trichloride explosion .
3 Michael Faraday Suffered chronic poisoning
Thanks to the injury to Sir Humphrey Davy ’s eyes , Faraday became an apprentice to him .
He went on to improve on Davy ’s methods of electrolysis and to make important discoveries in the field of electro - magnetics .
Unfortunately for him , some of Davy ’s misfortune rubbed off and Faraday also suffered damage to his eyes in a nitrogen chloride explosion .
He spent the remainder of his life suffering chronic chemical poisoning .
2 Marie Curie Died of radiation exposure
In 1898 , Curie and her husband , Pierre , discovered radium .
She spent the remainder of her life performing radiation research and studying radiation therapy .
Her constant exposure to radiation led to her contracting leukemia and she died in 1934 .
Curie is the first and only person to receive two Nobel prizes in science in two different fields : chemistry and physics .
She was also the first female professor at the University of Paris .
1 Galileo Galilei Blinded himself
Galileo ’s work on the refinement of the telescope opened up the dark recesses of the universe for future generations , but it also ruined his eyesight .
He was fascinated with the sun and spent many hours staring at it – leading to extreme damage to his retinas .
This was the most likely cause of his near blindness in the last four years of his life .
Because of his life ’s work , he is sometimes referred to as the “ father of modern physics ” .
+ Louis Slotin Killed himself with an accidental fission reaction
I normally do n’t update a list once it is posted ( aside from correcting factual errors ) but mudbug raised an interesting addition that I had n’t heard of – so here it is .
Canadian born Slotin worked on the Manhattan project ( the US project to design the first nuclear bomb ) .
In the process of his experimentation he accidentally dropped a sphere of beryllium on to a second sphere causing a prompt critical reaction ( the spheres were wrapped around a plutonium core ) .
Other scientists in the room witnessed a “ blue glow ” of air ionization and felt a “ heat wave ” .
Slotin rushed outside and was sick .
He was rushed to hospital and died nine days later .
The amount of radiation he was exposed to was equivalent to standing 4800 feet away from an atomic bomb explosion .
This accident prompted the end of all hands - on assembly work at Los Alamos .
I strongly recommend you read the Wikipedia article on this critical event .
Notable mentions : Rosalind Franklin
A FOUL - MOUTHED father who lost his temper with the police must spend the long weekend summer evenings confined to his home .
Jamie Edward Fox , of Bondgate , in Selby , lashed out with his tongue when he was searched by police officers who were looking for a man with a weapon .
York magistrates heard how the 24 - year - old had phoned the police only minutes before to report how he had been assaulted and chased down the street by an armed man .
But when officers arrived at the scene in Back Micklegate car park , in Selby , he was treated as the offender .
Mitigating , Chris McGrogan said : " He was trying to tell them that he was the victim in an assault and the reason he began to swear was that they were taking no notice of this .
" It is not surprising that they did n't find any weapons on him because he was the one that telephoned the police .
" He had been threatened and assaulted by another man .
He had been chased and had lost the other man and telephoned the police to make a complaint . "
Mr McGrogan said it was no surprise that Fox displayed a lack of respect for the police officers in such a situation .
He said : " To say he felt aggrieved would be an understatement .
We have a young man who has tried to do the right thing .
" He has avoided conflict with the man who was attacking him .
He has telephoned the police who have arrived and taken no notice whatsoever of the explanation he has given them .
" If police officers expect respect they should be willing to show it , but clearly that was n't the case in this situation . "
Prosecuting , Steven Ovenden told how officers had arrived at the scene at 1.30 am on April 25 looking for a male potentially in possession of a weapon .
He said : " One of them was Mr Fox .
He was asked to come into an area that was better lit and was searched .
He was not in possession of any weapons and he was not the person they were looking for . "
Fox , who works as an apprentice joiner , then started to become agitated and swore at the officers .
He pleaded guilty to a public order offence and was handed a three - month curfew confining him to his home on Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays , between 8 pm and 6 am .
He was also ordered to pay £ 50 costs .
Senior magistrate Margaret Scott said : " You have accumulated quite a number of offences in the last 12 months , probably associated with alcohol , and we have n't had your fines .
However , we were told by Mr McGrogan that you now have a good job and you want to do that job and get on with your life . "
Afterdowningstreet.org
The President ’s spokesperson informed us today that the President will have no new ideas in his speech tonight .
That ’s unfortunate .
Mr. President : Our country is in grave economic trouble .
We have a housing finance meltdown going on while energy costs spiral up and down .
Affordable and accessible healthcare is out of reach to almost 50 million Americans with 6 million alone added during this President ’s tenure .
Our educational system has left far too many children behind , while our bridges are literally falling down in America .
Mr. President : our country needs an economic stimulus package that will result in something more than pocket change for most working families .
Mr. President :
The best American economic stimulus package you could offer the American public is to end this war in Iraq .
We are currently spending $ 10 Billion a month in Iraq , more than $ 2.5 Billion a week .
( Original Article )
Liberals !
Did I scare you ?
The fact is , I probably scared half the people reading this article .
But that ’s okay ; bear with me , I ’m here to help .
My fellow Americans , please remind me , what is so bad about being a “ liberal ” ?
For the past 8 years , through a reign of absolute hellfire led by President George W. Bush ( Rep. ) , it seems that being a liberal has somehow become an even MORE reprehensible crime .
You see , I live in Florida .
I ’m also a Democrat .
This often becomes a conflict of interest , as you can imagine .
I often hear my friends , the people that I trust better than most people on this planet , ramble on about how the “ lib - uh - ruls ” ruined our country , and now only want the presidency back so that they can become repeat offenders .
I ’ve heard Barack Obama frequently and consistently be referred to as a Muslim , despite all the headlines about his batshit crazy reverend , Jeremiah Wright , that were fairly impossible to ignore .
I ’ve heard conspiracy theories being shouted out left and right about Obama being “ one of them ” and wanting to help them .
There are also the obvious “ no women in the office ” comments about Hillary Clinton as well , and while they are terrible and embarrassing to listen to , I do n’t exactly wish to see Clinton in the White House either ( but it has nothing to do with her gender ) .
So considering all of this , plus the fact that our conservative leaders have pretty much fucked us over to the point of no return ( a recession that will not be ending soon , a war with a similar fate , and maybe more still to come ! ) , why is it not bad to be a conservative ?
Why are Democrats constantly berated as being “ liberal hippies ” while people who think George Bush is the greatest thing to ever happen to this country are allowed to spew their bullshit left and right ?
Why do we get trashed for accusing Fox News ( correctly ) of being conservative - biased , but there are Republicans who actually think Papa Bear is too liberal for their tastes who hear nothing for it ?
Please , do n’t get me wrong .
I believe in the right to free speech , and I ’m not saying these people do n’t deserve to shout out their opinions .
I just do n’t understand why their shouts continue to drown out ours .
Late - term abortions are outlawed in Romania
An 11 - year - old Romanian girl who is 21 weeks pregnant after being raped by an uncle will be able to have an abortion , even though it is forbidden by law .
A government committee said the procedure should go ahead due to the exceptional circumstances of her case .
Romania 's abortion limit is 14 weeks .
It had been suggested the girl might travel to the UK for the abortion .
Some 20 Christian Orthodox groups had threatened to press charges if the girl was allowed to abort the foetus .
In a letter to the government committee , the girl said she wanted to be able " to go to school and to play " .
" If I ca n't do this my life will be a nightmare , " she said , according to a text read out by government committee member Vlad Iliescu .
" The committee has decided that a voluntary termination of the pregnancy can be carried out , " said Mr Iliescu .
He said the abortion could take place because the girl was a victim of sexual abuse and faced " major risks to her mental health " if the pregnancy continued .
Another committee member , Theodora Bertzi said the decision was made focusing on " the rights of this child who was subjected to rape and incest " .
The committee said the case highlighted the need for " clarifications with regard to the exceptional circumstances " that would allow late - term abortions to go ahead .
' Family decision '
The girl was raped by a 19 - year - old uncle who has since disappeared .
Her family only discovered she was pregnant when they took her to the doctor because she seemed sick .
While some pro-life Christian Orthodox groups had urged the family to keep the child , and offered to raise it in a church institution , the Romanian Orthodox Church said any decision on abortion should be left to the family .
The girl 's parents had said they wanted to travel to a country where such a late - term abortion was legal .
In Romania abortion is only normally allowed beyond 14 weeks if the mother 's life is deemed to be at risk .
In Britain , they can be carried out up to 24 weeks in some circumstances .
A Romanian living in the UK had offered to cover the costs of a termination there .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Published 2 May 2008
Independent and government reports have confirmed an increase in the number of orphaned and sexually abused children , as well as a rise in the number dropping out of school .
And as the security situation has worsened of late , nongovernmental organizations warn against the impact of deteriorating security conditions on Iraqi children .
Government statistics indicate that up to five million children live in difficult social conditions .
Some 760,000 children were not able to resume primary school in 2008 and up to 25,000 children are leaving their homes � either to elsewhere in Iraq or abroad � each month .
Humanitarian organizations report that the number of Iraqi orphans has increased to half a million and according to Save the Children , one in eight Iraqi children , now live on the street .
Mahmoud al - Azzawi , a member of parliament for the Independent List , told Niqash that " conflicts between political blocs are behind parliament�s failure to reach decisions and to seriously address Iraqi realities . "
He added that article 32 of the constitution stresses that the state will guarantee appropriate conditions for the family and especially for women and children .
" However , Maliki�s government has marginalized these issues and does not even discuss them , " he said .
The Iraqi Ministry of Planning and Development Cooperation ( MoPDC ) and the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs ( MoLSA ) , in separate reports , said that millions of Iraqi children are orphans , without shelter , or imprisoned in Iraqi and American controlled prisons .
Recent statistics conducted by the MoPDC reveal that " the number of orphaned Iraqi children has reached 4 - 5 million and that there are some 500,000 street children . "
A further study conducted for the UNDP by the Fafo Institute for Applied Social Science , found that " acute malnutrition among Iraqi children has almost doubled since the US invasion despite UN efforts . "
The study based on a survey of 22,000 Iraqi homes said that approximately 400,000 Iraqi children now suffer from malnutrition and said that acute malnutrition has increased to 7.7 percent since March 2003 for those aged between six months and five years .
Officials from Childhood Voices Association , a children�s non-governmental organization , say that " there are 11,000 children addicted to drugs in Baghdad alone , that many girls aged 12 to 16 years old have been victims of rape , and that many girls aged 12 years and above have endured sexual harassment . "
The organization also quotes international reports stressing that " more than 1 million Iraqi children have entered the labour market with the increase in the rate of poverty ( one third of Iraq�s population live under the poverty line ) and that they suffer violence and sexual abuse . "
According to their report , 1.3 million children aged 8 to 16 years old , equal to 6.1 % of the population , have become workers .
It is also being reported that 1300 children are currently being held in detention centres and in government prisons .
US troops say that they are detaining 800 Iraqi juveniles aged 10 to 17 years old .
American General Douglas Stone , head of Iraq 's Detainee Operations , said that " their detention came after they were caught planting bombs on roadsides , observing roads for snipers and armed men and also being involved in battles and carrying guns . "
He said that " all juveniles detainees form direct threats to security and that 16 juveniles had been detained for a period exceeding one year . "
In the face of the deteriorating plight of Iraqi children , Parliament�s Women and Children committee has prepared a number of draft laws .
Among these , the Orphans� Care Fund ( prepared six months ago ) , the law related to the conditions of the Iraqi family ( finalized 4 months ago ) , and a third law for the handicapped .
However , none of these draft laws have even been discussed , the reason given being that the government is engaged in preparing a unified draft code covering all these matters in one law .
Swat 's tourism industry has ground to a halt Militants in north - west Pakistan have burned down much of a hotel in the country 's only ski resort , police say .
The night time attack follows sporadic clashes this week between militants and security forces and arson attacks on several girls ' schools .
The Swat valley fire came hours after the prime minister and military agreed a broad outline to counter the threat of Islamist militancy .
The meeting was also attended by politicians and intelligence chiefs .
' Deteriorating '
The government - run hotel at Malam Jabba is located about 150 km ( 93 miles ) north of Islamabad at an altitude of 2,636 m ( 9,200ft ) .
Officials say that the authorities have not been able to get to the resort to tackle the blaze or inspect the damage .
The ski resort shut down last August when militants took over Swat .
" The area is not under our control , it 's under the militants ' control and no one can go there , " Swat 's police chief , Waqif Khan , told Reuters news agency .
Militants in the area have denied they were responsible for the attack .
" Our target is the security forces , we have nothing to do with the hotel , " militant spokesman Muslim Khan said .
He said that illegal mountain log cutters - or " timber mafia " - were to blame because they did not want the peace accord to succeed .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says the security situation in Swat has been deteriorating despite a one - month peace agreement between the government and a radical pro-Taleban cleric .
The Taleban had suspended contact with the authorities because of differences over implementing the deal but have agreed to return to talks expected to be held on Thursday .
With the recent peace accord , our correspondent says that there had been hope for a revival of the tourism industry .
Suicide bombings
The Taleban admit attacking soldiers and police to avenge the death of the their comrades but they deny torching at least 10 girls ' schools , claiming unnamed elements were trying to sabotage the peace deal .
The Taleban have denied attacking girls ' schools in Swat Our correspondent says that the Swat accord is part of the government 's plan to end Islamic militancy through peace deals .
The strategy has led to a dramatic drop in suicide bombings but critics say it has also allowed the Taleban to regroup .
The attack follows a meeting on Wednesday in which the prime minister and army and intelligence chiefs agreed to seek political engagement with militants in the north - west through members of parliament , tribal elders and influential local people .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I 'll start with the punchline :
If you 're writing a function that can be implemented as either a member or as a non-friend non-member , you should prefer to implement it as a non-member function .
That decision increases class encapsulation .
When you think encapsulation , you should think non-member functions .
Surprised ?
Read on .
Background
When I wrote the first edition of Effective C++ in 1991 , I examined the problem of determining where to declare a function that was related to a class .
Given a class C and a function f related to C , I developed the following algorithm :
if ( f needs to be virtual ) make f a member function of C ; else if ( f is operator > > or operator <<) { make f a non-member function ; if ( f needs access to non-public members of C ) make f a friend of C ; } else if ( f needs type conversions on its left - most argument ) { make f a non-member function ; if ( f needs access to non-public members of C ) make f a friend of C ; } else make f a member function of C ;
This algorithm served me well through the years , and when I revised Effective C++ for its second edition in 1997 , I made no changes to this part of the book .
In 1998 , however , I gave a presentation at Actel , where Arun Kundu observed that my algorithm dictated that functions should be member functions even when they could be implemented as non-members that used only C 's public interface .
Is that really what I meant , he asked me ?
In other words , if f could be implemented as a member function or a non-friend non-member function , did I really advocate making it a member function ?
I thought about it for a moment , and I decided that that was not what I meant .
I therefore modified the algorithm to look like this :
if ( f needs to be virtual ) make f a member function of C ; else if ( f is operator > > or operator <<) { make f a non-member function ; if ( f needs access to non-public members of C ) make f a friend of C ; } else if ( f needs type conversions on its left - most argument ) { make f a non-member function ; if ( f needs access to non-public members of C ) make f a friend of C ; } else if ( f can be implemented via C's public interface ) make f a non-member function ; else make f a member function of C ;
Since then , I 've been battling programmers who 've taken to heart the lesson that being object - oriented means putting functions inside the classes containing the data on which the functions operate .
After all , they tell me , that 's what encapsulation is all about .
They are mistaken .
Encapsulation
Encapsulation is a means , not an end .
There 's nothing inherently desirable about encapsulation .
Encapsulation is useful only because it yields other things in our software that we care about .
In particular , it yields flexibility and robustness .
Consider this struct , whose implementation I think we 'll all agree is unencapsulated :
struct Point { int x , y ; } ;
The weakness of this struct is that it 's not flexible in the face of change .
Once clients started using this struct , it would , practically speaking , be very hard to change it ; too much client code would be broken .
If we later decided we wanted to compute x and y instead of storing those values , we 'd probably be out of luck .
We'd be similarly thwarted if we decided a superior design would be to look x and y up in a database .
This is the real problem with poor encapsulation : it precludes future implementation changes .
Unencapsulated software is inflexible , and as a result , it 's not very robust .
When the world changes , the software is unable to gracefully change with it .
( Remember that we 're talking here about what is practical , not what is possible .
It 's clearly possible to change struct Point , but if enough code is dependent on it in its current form , it 's not practical . )
Now consider a class with an interface that offers clients capabilities similar to those afforded by the struct above , but with an encapsulated implementation :
class Point { public : int getXValue ( ) const ; int getYValue ( ) const ; void setXValue ( int newXValue ) ; void setYValue ( int newYValue ) ; private : ... // whatever ... } ;
This interface supports the implementation used by the struct ( storing x and y as int s ) , but it also affords alternative implementations , such as those based on computation or database lookup .
This is a more flexible design , and the flexibility makes the resulting software more robust .
If the class 's implementation is found lacking , it can be changed without requiring changes to client code .
Assuming the declarations of the public member functions remain unchanged , client source code is unaffected .
( If a suitable implementation has been adopted , clients need not even recompile . )
Encapsulated software is more flexible than unencapsulated software , and , all other things being equal , that flexibility makes it the superior design choice .
Degrees of Encapsulation
The class above does n't fully encapsulate its implementation .
If the implementation changes , there 's still code that might break .
In particular , the member functions of the class might break .
In all likelihood , they are dependent on the particulars of the data members of the class .
Still , it seems clear that the class is more encapsulated than the struct , and we'd like to have a way to state this more formally .
It 's easily done .
The reason the class is more encapsulated than the struct is that more code might be broken if the ( public ) data members in the struct change than if the ( private ) data members of the class change .
This leads to a reasonable approach to evaluating the relative encapsulations of two implementations : if changing one might lead to more broken code than would the corresponding change to the other , the former is less encapsulated than the latter .
This definition is consistent with our intuition that if making a change is likely to break a lot of code , we 're less likely to make that change than we would be to make a different change that affected less code .
There is a direct relationship between encapsulation ( how much code might be broken if something changes ) and practical flexibility ( the likelihood that we 'll make a particular change ) .
An easy way to measure how much code might be broken is to count the functions that might be affected .
That is , if changing one implementation leads to more potentially broken functions than does changing another implementation , the first implementation is less encapsulated than the second .
If we apply this reasoning to the struct above , we see that changing its data members may break an unknowably large number of functions  every function that uses the struct .
In general , we can't count how many functions this is , because there 's no way to locate all the code that uses a particular struct .
This is especially true for library code .
However , the number of functions that might be broken if the class 's data members change is easy to determine : it 's all the functions that have access to the private part of the class .
That 's just four functions ( assuming none are declared in the private part of the class ) , and we know that because they 're all conveniently listed in the class definition .
Since they 're the only functions that have access to the private parts of the class , they 're the only functions that can be affected if those parts change .
Encapsulation and Non-Member Functions
We 've now seen that a reasonable way to gauge the amount of encapsulation in a class is to count the number of functions that might be broken if the class 's implementation changes .
That being the case , it becomes clear that a class with n member functions is more encapsulated than a class with n+1 member functions .
And that observation is what justifies my argument for preferring non-member non-friend functions to member functions : if a function f could be implemented as a member function or as a non-friend non-member function , making it a member would decrease encapsulation , while making it a non-member would n't .
Since functionality is not at issue here ( the functionality of f is available to class clients regardless of where f is located ) , we naturally prefer the more encapsulated design .
It 's important that we 're trying to choose between member functions and non-friend non-member functions .
Just like member functions , friend functions may be broken when a class 's implementation changes , so the choice between member functions and friend functions is properly made on behavioral grounds .
Furthermore , we now see that the common claim that " friend functions violate encapsulation " is not quite true .
Friends do n't violate encapsulation , they just decrease it  in exactly the same manner as member functions .
This analysis applies to any kind of member functions , including static ones .
Adding a static member function to a class when its functionality could be implemented as a non-friend non-member decreases encapsulation by exactly the same amount as does adding a non-static member function .
One implication of this is that it 's generally a bad idea to move a free function into a class as a static member just to show that it 's related to the class .
For example , if I have an abstract base class for Widget s and then use a factory function to make it possible for clients to create Widget s , the following is a common , but inferior way to organize things :
// a design less encapsulated than it could be class Widget { ... // all the Widget stuff ; may be // public , private , or protected public : // could also be a non-friend non-member static Widget * make ( /* params */) ; } ;
A better design is to move make out of Widget , thus increasing the overall encapsulation of the system .
To show that Widget and make are related , the proper tool is a namespace :
// a more encapsulated design namespace WidgetStuff { class Widget { ... } ; Widget * make ( /* params */ ) ; } ;
Alas , there is a weakness to this design when templates enter the picture .
LATELY more and more people have been questioning the received wisdom about what a central bank should do when confronted by an asset price bubble .
That piece of wisdom , shared by Alan Greenspan and Ben S. Bernanke , the former and present Federal Reserve chairmen , holds that deliberate bubble - bursting is something between impossible and dangerous  and thus best avoided .
Instead , according to this view , the Fed should let bubbles burst of their own accord , and then be prepared to mop up after .
This strategy has modest objectives .
It is not intended to prevent bubbles , or even to limit the price collapse when a bubble bursts .
Rather , it is designed to limit collateral damage to the rest of the financial system , and especially to the overall economy .
The Fed executed such a mop - up - after strategy with great success when the tech bubble popped spectacularly in 2000 .
Despite the destruction of roughly $ 8 trillion in paper wealth , not one financial institution of any size failed , and the ensuing recession was so mild that I call it “ the recessionette . ”
Those who now attack the Greenspan - Bernanke position make three main points :
First , the strategy of letting bubbles die of natural causes , then mopping up , seems not to have worked so well this time around .
When the subprime bubble burst last year , the financial system was thrown into turmoil  where it remains .
The Fed has fought an incipient economic downturn ever since , financial institutions are teetering and failing , and Bear Stearns  well , you know about Bear Stearns .
Second , critics contend that the mopping - up - after strategy sows the seeds of yet more bubbles .
It is argued , for example , that the Fed ’s superlow interest rates after the stock market bubble burst led us directly to the housing bubble .
The Fed now stands accused of being a serial bubble blower .
The Israeli military has come under renewed pressure to explain why its tank shells killed a Reuters cameraman and eight other Palestinians on a road in Gaza two months ago .
Reuters is pressing for immediate release of the military 's internal inquiry findings after an independent report for the London - based news agency found that there had been was no militant activity in that area .
Fadel Shana , 24 , was killed on 16 April by flechette darts that burst from a tank shell as he was filming about a mile away from the tanks and in clear view of them .
Eight bystanders aged between 12 and 20 were also killed , involving two tank shells .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Shana 's car and body armour carried press markings , and none of the other casualties were armed .
The Israeli army has not yet produced a detailed account but has said its soldiers did nothing wrong .
Mark Thompson , Reuters ' Middle East managing editor , has written to the military to ask how the soldiers involved failed to identify Mr Shana as a cameraman or the other victims as children and other civilians .
The investigation carried out for the agency found that the Reuters crew had half an hour earlier driven past a point 700 metres from the tanks .
Rejecting a request that IDF officers relay information to field commanders from journalists about their movements in Gaza for their safety , the military said last month : " There will be no co-ordination of press movement and activity in the areas of IDF operations . "
Major Avital Leibovich , an IDF spokeswoman , said : " We are in the process of checking a few more details in order to complete the picture .
As soon as we have the conclusions we will share them . "
Theo Leggett
Business reporter , BBC World Service
Professor Murray says we must start from scratch
The motor car has been with us for a little over a century - ushering in an era of personal mobility that would have been inconceivable to our ancestors .
Yet now the car as we know it is under threat as never before .
Rising fuel costs and mounting environmental pressures mean its long - term prospects are increasingly uncertain .
One man who thinks the motor industry faces a very bleak future indeed is the renowned engineer , Professor Gordon Murray .
" If we do n't do anything , we 're going to have restricted use of our cars very soon , within the next ten to fifteen years , " he says .
Weight equals profit Professor Murray designed some of the most successful Formula
One cars ever built - as well as the McLaren F1 , for years the world 's fastest road going car .
But now , he has left the high - octane world behind and turned his attention to making the motor car more environmentally friendly .
For the past year , he has been working on a radical design that he claims will shake up the entire industry .
The problem , he says , is that while manufacturers are investing billions of dollars in making cars more efficient , the progress they are making is far too slow .
The reason is simple : Weight .
" Every single new model in a particular market segment is bigger and heavier than the one before , " he explains .
" The excuse is always that higher safety standards mean heavier cars .
" But the real reason is that carmakers want to go upmarket and sell bigger , more luxurious cars and make more profit .
And heavy cars use more fuel . "
Well to wheel
Of course , there are alternatives to conventional cars already on the market - electric vehicles , for example , or petrol - electric hybrids .
A racing car is ultimately the most efficient vehicle on the planet
Professor Gordon Murray But Professor
Murray thinks a much more fundamental approach is needed ; focusing not on how a car is powered , but on how it is actually made .
" If you could take 10 % off the weight of every car on the planet overnight , it would make so much more difference than all the new engine technologies and fuel technologies that people are talking about , " he says .
So getting rid of weight is a key part of his vision , though there is more to it than that .
" We 're starting with a clean sheet of paper and re-thinking the car as we know it , " he says .
" And that does n't just mean the basic architecture and concept of the car .
It means every single detail . "
Professor Murray 's team is looking at all aspects of car production , from how the wheels are attached to the car , to the energy needed to make all the components , to the energy to build the factory in the first place .
" So we 're not just dealing with the emissions from the exhaust pipe , " he says .
" It 's from the moment you dig the ore out of the ground until you have to recycle the bits at the end of the car 's life , and everything in between .
" If you think about all the steel and aluminium and heavy stuff that goes into a car , the energy needed to build it , the fuel needed to ship it around the world .
That 's where the real damage comes from . "
Racing principles
In practical terms , Professor Murray says his company will use revolutionary design and advanced materials to create a car that is both practical and extremely efficient .
" We 're looking at a vehicle that 's less than half the weight of a normal family hatchback , but more importantly , we 'll be reducing the CO2 damage by up to two thirds , " he says .
It all sounds a world away from his past career in motor racing , where to the casual onlooker fuel is burned like it is running out of fashion and pungent exhaust fumes are all part of the atmosphere .
But Professor Murray believes the two approaches are closely connected .
" A racing car is ultimately the most efficient vehicle on the planet , " he explains .
" You 're trying to squeeze every last drop of energy out of the fuel , and make the lightest , stiffest structure out of the most advanced materials you can find .
The principle is exactly the same . "
Consumer appeal Paul Niewenhuis , an automotive expert at Cardiff University , agrees with Professor Murray 's view that the car industry has to change .
" We must abandon the automotive excess that has led to many modern cars being more akin to mobile boudoirs or mobile offices than true driving machines or even basic means of getting from A to B , " he says .
And he thinks that consumers could benefit , because a new generation of basic cars will be " more involving , more likeable and more fun to drive than the often over - specified , over - weight devices of today " .
But whether the car industry is ready to embrace such radical change is an altogether different question .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Plain text HTML Please select a language Chinese ( Han ) Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Italian Japanese Latin Polish Portugese Russian Serbian Spanish
Sex and neglected principle ask rapturous consulted .
Object remark lively all did feebly excuse our wooded .
Old her object chatty regard vulgar missed .
Speaking throwing breeding betrayed children my to .
Me marianne no he horrible produced ye .
Sufficient unpleasing an insensible motionless if introduced ye .
Now give nor both come near many late .
Be at miss or each good play home they .
It leave taste mr in it fancy .
She son lose does fond bred gave lady get .
Sir her company conduct expense bed any .
Sister depend change off piqued one .
Contented continued any happiness instantly objection yet her allowance .
Use correct day new brought tedious .
By come this been in .
Kept easy or sons my it done .
Living valley had silent eat merits esteem bed .
In last an or went wise as left .
Visited civilly am demesne so colonel he calling .
So unreserved do interested increasing sentiments .
Vanity day giving points within six not law .
Few impression difficulty his use has comparison decisively .
On no twenty spring of in esteem spirit likely estate .
Continue new you declared differed learning bringing honoured .
At mean mind so upon they rent am walk .
Shortly am waiting inhabit smiling he chiefly of in .
Lain tore time gone him his dear sure .
Fat decisively estimating affronting assistance not .
Resolve pursuit regular so calling me .
West he plan girl been my then up no .
Sex reached suppose our whether .
Oh really by an manner sister so .
One sportsman tolerably him extensive put she immediate .
He abroad of cannot looked in .
Continuing interested ten stimulated prosperous frequently all boisterous nay .
Of oh really he extent horses wicket .
Unwilling sportsmen he in questions september therefore described so .
Attacks may set few believe moments was .
Reasonably how possession shy way introduced age inquietude .
Missed he engage no exeter of .
Still tried means we aware order among on .
Eldest father can design tastes did joy settle .
Roused future he ye an marked .
Arose mr rapid in so vexed words .
Gay welcome led add lasting chiefly say looking .
Built purse maids cease her ham new seven among and .
Pulled coming wooded tended it answer remain me be .
So landlord by we unlocked sensible it .
Fat can not use denied excuse son law .
Wisdom happen suffer common the appear ham beauty her had .
Or belonging zealously existence as by resources .
Feet evil to hold long he open knew an no .
Apartments occasional boisterous as solicitude to introduced .
Or fifteen covered we enjoyed demesne is in prepare .
In stimulated my everything it literature .
Greatly explain attempt perhaps in feeling he .
House men taste bed not drawn joy .
Through enquire however do equally herself at .
Greatly way old may you present improve .
Wishing the feeling village him musical .
Death weeks early had their and folly timed put .
Hearted forbade on an village ye in fifteen .
Age attended betrayed her man raptures laughter .
Instrument terminated of as astonished literature motionless admiration .
The affection are determine how performed intention discourse but .
On merits on so valley indeed assure of .
Has add particular boisterous uncommonly are .
Early wrong as so manor match .
Him necessary shameless discovery consulted one but .
To sorry world an at do spoil along .
Incommode he depending do frankness remainder to .
Edward day almost active him friend thirty piqued .
People as period twenty my extent as .
Set was better abroad ham plenty secure had horses .
Admiration has sir decisively excellence say everything inhabiting acceptance .
Sooner settle add put you sudden him .
Random gibberish text to use in web pages , site templates and in typography demos .
Get rid of Lorem Ipsum forever .
A tool for web designers who want to save time .
Are you already coding the HTML for your web design ?
Select HTML output from the box bellow .
You are viewing dummy text in
911 Prediction Revealed at Lindauer Hearing in NYC
Where 's the Case ?
( Left to right ) Brian Shaughnessy , attorney ; Susan Lindauer , defendant ; and Parke Godfrey , Ph.D. , a key defense witness .
( Michael Collins , copyleft ) 911 Prediction Revealed at Lindauer Competency Hearing in New York City Michael Collins
" Scoop " Independent News
Washington , D.C .
( June 17 , NYC ) .
A surprise development occurred at today 's hearing in the case of Susan Lindauer versus the United States .
A long time associate of the accused , associate professor of computer science at Toronto 's York University , Parke Godfrey , Ph.D. , testified that Susan Lindauer predicted an attack on the United States in the southern part of Manhattan .
According to his testimony , she said that the attack would be very similar to the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center .
Godfrey said that Lindauer made the prediction on several occasions , one as late as August 2001 .
The testimony occurred in a hearing on Lindauer 's competence to stand trial held before U.S. District Court Judge Loretta Preska , Southern District of New York , in lower Manhattan .
On March 11 , 2004 , Lindauer was arrested for acting as an " unregistered agent " for the nation of Iraq prior to the U.S. invasion .
Prosecutors have delayed the trial for over four years claiming Lindauer was delusional for asserting that she was a U.S. intelligence asset over a period of nine years , including the period covered by the indictment .
This was Lindauer 's first real opportunity to argue her competence to stand trial and deny the delusions claimed by court psychiatrists .
Lindauer asserts that she had been a U.S. intelligence asset since working on the Lockerbie case and subsequent antiterrorism efforts .
Appearing for the defense , Dr. Godfrey testified under oath that Lindauer told him of her specific concerns about an attack on the United States .
She told him that a " massive " attack would occur in the southern part of Manhattan , involving airplanes and possibly a nuclear weapon .
The witness said that she mentioned this in the year 2000 , which coincided with the Lockerbie trial .
And then in 2001 , Lindauer also mentioned the anticipated attack in the spring , 2001 and then August 2001 .
Godfrey said , at that time , Lindauer thought an attack was " imminent " and that it would complete what was started in the 1993 bombing ( the original World Trade Center bombing ) .
After the hearing , Lindauer elaborated that this extreme threat scenario was done in concert with the man she says was one of her CIA handler , Dr. Richard Fuisz , who has been associated with U.S. intelligence .
Federal prosecutor Edward O'Callaghan tried to diminish the prediction by asking Godfrey if Lindauer presented this a " prophesy " .
Godfrey denied hearing that word mentioned in their conversations .
He stated that Lindauer used the term " premonition . "
The prosecution did not challenge Godfrey 's testimony that Lindauer made the predictions in the time period given by the witness .
After the hearing , Lindauer said that she 'd called the Department of Justice Office of Counterterrorism in August of 2001 reporting her fears about an attack .
The courtroom where the revelation was made is about a 15 minute walk from the site of
September 11 , 2001 attack where the former World Trade Center towers once stood .
The Issue of Competency to Stand Trial
After initially evaluating Lindauer , court appointed psychiatrists in New York argued that her clams of innocence and her willingness to produce witnesses to verify those claims were signs of delusional thinking .
However , a Maryland based psychiatrist and two psychotherapists with whom Lindauer visited on a regular basis failed to support the notion of delusions or a debilitating mental illness .
Lindauer has told federal authorities continuously that she was a U.S. intelligence asset and she offered to prove that in open court .
Prosecutors typically disparage appeals by defendants to delay or avoid trial based on psychological stress or suffering .
This case is an exception .
The United States Government is the party delaying the trial based on their claims of Lindauer 's inability to assist in her own defense .
Today 's testimony was limited to what is known as " lay " witnesses .
Lindauer 's expert witness , a distinguished psychiatrist and academic , will testify at a July 7 , 2008 hearing that she 's competent to stand trial .
Lindauer triggered today 's hearing by refusing to attend court mandated counseling , a court requirement during her periods of release from 11 months of federal detention .
In a recent interview in " Scoop , " Lindauer said : " Since August , 2007 , I have refused to go back [ to court mandated counseling ] .
I told the Court the game is over .
Go to trial or drop the charges , which are ridiculous anyway .
They do n't have a case , and they know it . "
More Testimony by Dr. Godfrey and Kelly O'Meara
Dr. Godfrey 's testimony contained some other elements of note .
Lindauer 's defense attorney , Brian Shaughnessy of Washington , DC , asked about Lindauer 's personality and behavior .
He said that she was " mercurial , " subject to periods of joy and sadness in response to the events that she experienced .
He also testified that he'd never seen her as having any mental impediments .
Kelly O'Meara was also called to the stand in Lindauer 's behalf .
O'Meara served as a senior congressional staffer for over two decades .
She did investigative work for members of Congress on the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and the 1996 TWA Flight 800 crash on Long Island Sound in 1996 .
She 's a former investigative reporter for Insight Magazine and the Washington Times and author of Psyched Out : How Psychiatry Sells Mental Illness and Pushes Pills that Kill , a recent book on the dangers of psychiatric medication .
When examined by the prosecution , O'Meara said that she had no reason to believe that Lindauer had a mental disorder .
Prosecutor O'Callaghan then asked if she believed that she was qualified to make that judgment .
O'Meara responded affirmatively saying that she could read the official diagnostic manual for mental disorders like anybody else and compare behavior with the list of symptoms provided .
Under questioning by defense attorney Shaughnessy , the witness described an after - work group that met every Thursday over a number of years at Capitol Hill 's Hunan Restaurant .
This group included Lindauer , ' O' Meara , and lobbyists and staffers who enjoyed talking politics and having a refreshment at the end of the day .
O'Meara focused on her long term close friendship with Paul Hoven , who is described by Lindauer as an intelligence operative and one of her handlers .
The O'Meara - Hoven relationship included regular meetings over several years and frequent phone calls .
O'Meara mentioned that Hoven enjoyed going to dinner at her sister 's home and that she had accompanied Hoven to a shooting visit at the country home of a legendary intelligence figure .
O'Meara was asked if Hoven indicated any relationship with Lindauer .
She responded that " I heard about Susan all the time from Paul . "
She also described him speaking with her frequently at the Thursday night group at the Capitol Hill restaurant .
O'Meara said that after Lindauer was sent to Carswell federal prison facility , O'Meara got a " strange call " form Hoven during which he said , " Susan 's crazy . "
O'Meara said that she 'd never heard Hoven make those remarks before Lindauer was sent to the federal prison facility began .
Lindauer 's relationship with Hoven is a key part of her defense , with the Thursday night group as one of their frequent points of contact .
On cross examination , prosecutor O'Callaghan asked O'Meara if she would be surprised if Hoven had reported only a very few meetings with her throughout his entire life .
Visibly angry , O'Meara responded by saying , " I would be insulted . "
Defense counsel Shaughnessy produced two witnesses , one a computer science professor and the other a reporter and congressional staffer .
Together they provided the framework for Lindauer 's claim that she was a U.S. intelligence asset and " lay " testimony that she did not impress either witness as having any type of mental or emotional problem .
The prosecution presented no lay witnesses .
After the hearing was over , Lindauer spoke to the press .
She said , " I 've been left out to dry " by those in the government who employed her services as an intelligence asset .
She described efforts that she made to develop a major contact in Iraq to help with U.S. antiterrorism efforts .
Lindauer 's next competency hearing is scheduled for July 7 , 2008 before Judge Preska .
END
Previously " Scoop " coverage of the Susan Lindauer case :
American Cassandra : Susan Lindauer 's Story by Michael Collins 17 October 2007
Bush Political Prisoner Gets her Day in Court by Michael Collins June 11 , 2008
An Exclusive Interview with Bush Political Prisoner Susan Lindauer by Michael Collins June 2008
*************
Permission granted to reproduce this article in part or in whole with attribution of authorship , a link to this article , and handling of images as indicated .
© Scoop Media
Gen. John A. Logan was a Union officer , a fierce Republican partisan , an early advocate of the kind of volunteer army the United States now fights wars with .
He is also one of the people credited with coming up with the holiday that we celebrate today .
A statue in Logan Circle in Washington shows the general on horseback flanked by two female figures said to represent America at war and America at peace .
Given public indifference to a war that refuses to end , perhaps a third statue should be added : America at peace with being at war .
Even as we celebrate generations of American soldiers past , the women and men who are making that sacrifice today in Iraq and Afghanistan receive less attention every day .
There ’s plenty of blame to go around : battle fatigue at home , failing media resolve and a government intent on controlling information from the battlefield .
According to the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , coverage of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan has slipped to 3 percent of all American print and broadcast news as of last week , falling from 25 percent as recently as last September .
In May 2007 , Bush signed executive new orders NSDP51 and HSDP20 to replace REX84 .
The older order REX84 was an older directive to establish martial law in the event of a national emergency .
Everything done in government is done for a reason , and these two new orders are no exception .
These new directives surprised and alarmed many real conservatives and true patriots at the time .
These two orders established that the White House administration would take over all local governments under a national state of emergency , instead of Homeland Security .
In May 2007 , The Washington Post apparently saw nothing wrong with it and placed the story back on page 13 ( a fitting unlucky number for it ) , according to a CSPAN television interview with well known author and writer Jerome Corsi : Page 13 of Washington Post from May 2007 reports that Bush claims he will run the " Shadow Government " Close - up of page 13 A contradiction appears to exist here .
It cites a nuclear attack or a decapitating event in Washington as the reason for this , according to security analysts .
If all the leaders and the administration in Washington are dead from a nuclear attack , who will be left to take over leading the nation under executive orders NSDP51 and HSPD20 ?
Who would be left to sign the martial law orders ?
This implies that martial law must be activated BEFORE an attack takes place while the administration is out of town , which clearly implies a false - flag operation by traitors of the worst kind .
The administration was in Florida on 9 - 11 , too .
As of this writing in April 2008 , we are coming up on a year since these two directives was written and signed .
There have been many rumors of false - flag attacks being prepared for 2008 .
Are these repeated rumors designed to destroy the credibility of whistle blowers , so when the real event is announced by a whistle - blower no one will listen ?
This question does n't appear to have been asked by anyone , but it must be .
This many not be unlike the proverbial story of the boy who cried wolf .
But in this case the wolf is n't coming - he 's already inside .
Now it 's a question of when the wolf will make his move .
Hitler took power through completely legal means .
Laws were previously established in plain view of the German people before he made his dictatorial power grab .
We appear are witnessing the very same thing happening today some seventy years later .
Apparently no one on Capitol Hill has learned a thing from history as it repeats itself .
They also have clearly forgotten Bush 's words in December 1999 - " This job would be a heck of a lot easier if this were a dictatorship ... just so long as I'm the dictator . "
He meant what he said , he 's acting exactly like one and it 's happening right now .
America 's case for a repeat of a Hitler type power grab is clearly underway .
First there was the infamous 1200 page Patriot
Act that appeared a few days after 9 - 11 but almost no one on Capitol Hill took time to read , but almost everyone signed off on it anyway .
Some on Capitol Hill have said that soldiers with machine guns were in the hallways on Capitol Hill the night the Patriot Act was signed , and many felt intimidated they must sign it without reading it .
If true , then it implies that martial law may have already been declared in secret .
Soldiers in hallways have no place on Capitol Hill in civilian government .
Again , another sign of a dictatorship IN ACTION .
Technically , Congress could nullify the Patriot Act overnight by claiming it was signed under duress .
There have been other draconian follow - on homeland security type acts which simply were given less intimidating names .
All are good examples of political BS at work .
Are NSDP51 and HSPD20 the last of them all ?
Most likely they are not .
We have no idea how many other orders have been signed in secret , such as the torture orders which were leaked to the media .
When confronted about the torture order , Bush simply has shrugged his shoulders about in total disregard and boldly claimed he signed off on it .
Like paving stones , all the pieces have come together in plain sight to pave the highway to a completely legal totalitarian police state , with all of America to be controlled by the White House .
But is this legal ?
Bush has abused his executive order powers countless times like previous presidents .
Executive orders were originally created by Congress to establish relatively harmless laws without the need for Congressional approval , such as new legal holidays .
Congress can revoke that privilege at any time ­ that is , up until the time when martial law is declared .
Military troops will send Congress home making them powerless .
At that point we shall have passed the point of no return .
That is , if we have n't already .
A look at the history of numerous third world countries around the globe proves one common thread exists ­ once the military takes control of its home country , it usually does n't return control to civilian authorities once a war or threat to security is over .
And today America has been reduced to the status of a third world country as well .
American manufacturing is now almost totally defense industry - driven , which makes the return of government to civlian hands after war ends even less likely in the foreseeable future .
With a 100 year war boldly proclaimed by the administration , civilian control will never be returned to Congress - for at least FIVE GENERATIONS .
Martial law will require the full support of US military personnel to enforce it .
Foreign troops are called into enforce martial law will still require both direct and indirect support from US military personnel , or a military - military civil war could ensue .
But in the end , that may be what 's needed to end the madness .
Here is the REAL acid test - will military personnel voluntarily turn America into a police state virtually overnight ?
Will these same military personnel do nothing while they watch their friends and loved ones crushed under absolute law and absolute terror ?
Bread lines and soup kitchens will return , but most likely only within the confines of American POW camps on American soil .
This will force people to voluntarily turn themselves in to eat .
Perhaps a " guns- for - food " type program will be established to encourage the American people to disarm themselves , even though the door kickers will be sent out anyway .
In military history it 's well known that if you control the food supply , you control the people .
Few people know that a secure area inside Wal - Mart headquarters in Bentonville , AR has a sign declaring that secured area belongs to Homeland Security .
Wal - Mart will become the food distributor for America under a rationing program .
There is no other larger food store chain that can provide the required logistics that store can .
In the 1990's , the military quietly did walk - throughs of all the major food store chains around the country taking notes .
Somewhere there is a document detailing what the plans are .
Certainly at the very least , it will entail securing ALL the grocery stores of any size .
Small corner grocery stores will be cleaned out in a day or two , and would be of no interest to the military .
To believe such horrors could never happen in America , when it 's now down on its knees already economically would be pure stupidity at the very least .
Those in real estate swore for decades that real estate prices would always go up , too .
Now these same people are panicking and on they are on their knees , too .
So much for greed , as they have earned their reward .
But what about innocent , hard working people that have always lived within their incomes ?
Do they deserve to suffer as well ?
We live in a time when absolutely anything is possible .
A military coup is now required to prevent declaration of martial law , kick the foreign troops out of America and restore true civilian government .
Dangerous centralized dictatorship laws must also be nullified and this time , the lesson learned once and for all .
No civilian militia can restore American law at this point .
They would only be labeled as terrorists and dealt with under new laws already in place .
We have reached the point where restoration to civilian law and government checks / balances can only come from the inside .
But time is quickly running out .
Ted Twietmeyer tedtw@frontiernet.net www.data4science.net
Exclusive to STR
April 4 , 2008
" The economy is , uh , very strong , we 're uh , not in a recession !
Everything will start to go back to normal as things , um , stabilize with the Fed 's new rate cuts .
The signs ... simply do not point to a recession ! "
But the man on my TV screen stuttered and sweated as he spoke .
As I watched this interview one morning before going to work , the man 's demeanor called to mind a pivotal scene from The Wizard of Oz. Picture it ; Dorothy and her companions stand before the Wizard after defeating the Wicked Witch , having come to plead for their wishes .
The Wizard looms above them in the midst of erupting jets of fire ; his voice booms like thunder ; his disembodied , godlike image stares down contemptuously at the puny creatures before him .
Surely no man or woman would dare question or challenge this all - powerful , all - knowing figure .
But thanks to Dorothy 's dog Toto , the " Wizard " is revealed to be an illusion ; a meek old man behind a flimsy curtain , making a show for all to see ' a Brobdingnagian turned Lilliputian in the wink of an eye !
Likewise , the current economic situation has shown that certain politicians and " experts " are nothing more than a gaggle of scuzzy showmen in their own right ; fallen " wizards " in a real - life Oz .
In the Wizard of Oz books by L. Frank Baum , Emerald City 's walls are green - tinted , but the actual buildings within are not .
Special glasses that visitors must wear ( supposedly in order to protect their mortal eyes from the " brightness and glory " of the city around them ) make everything appear in green tones .
These " green glasses " are one of many illusions the Wizard arranges to inspire awe and respect .
Moreover , in the books it is suggested that death does not exist in the land of Oz .
Meat even grows on trees , so that animals need not be killed and no mortal price be paid for such delights .
So here we have a shared illusion of splendor , wealth , and immortality , which parallels a refusal by our real - life " wizards " in D.C. and Wall Street to face the unintended consequences of their rash policies , the loose credit they dole out , and the fake , worthless paper money they print .
And all the while we too wear the green glasses as we slide into debt and bankruptcy -- both economic and moral .
Just as in Oz , the " wizards " of our sacrosanct Fed - ocracy wow us with their own magic tricks .
They work some arcane contrivance with " Interest Rates " and " Federal Funds Rate " and -- POOF ! -- stimulate the economy !
They conjure up some lopsided trade agreements like NAFTA and GATT and -- POOF ! -- create and preserve " our " jobs !
They pull out paper money out of a hat and -- POOF ! -- create more money for everyone out of thin air !
They hypnotize us with double - talk , bedazzle us with number tricks and statistics to hide unemployment rates , as well as the fact that real incomes have fallen as the cost of living explodes , and they make the slippery slope to economic ruin -- POOF ! -- disappear !
Yes , in Oz we can have all the luxury we like , no matter what the costs may be for us and our children .
Say , how do those green glasses fit ?
Do they work for your myopia ?
In addition to their magickry , the " wizards " have all the answers .
Every day we hear our wise leaders and economists lecture us on the state of the economy , as if they alone can tame the savage beasts Inflation and Contraction with the mystical sword of Liquidity .
Only they can decipher the complex Externalities and unravel the Complex Statistical Analyses needed to set back The Deficit and boost GNP , GDP , and The Dow , and keep the Bear away .
Only they know what 's best for us , what works , what taxes are necessary , what favored industries our expropriated money ought to support .
And few public figures dare challenge their orthodoxy ( notable exceptions being the Mises Institute and Ron Paul in his quixotic Presidential bid ) .
Methinks the air is getting to be a little too thin up in their ivory towers -- or rather , emerald towers -- and not enough oxygen is reaching their brains .
We hold such reverence for these " wizards " because we supposedly know less about basic economics than they do .
Few of us really know how the modern so - called " capitalist " economy we have works .
Hell , we can't even manage our own personal finances !
So we passively accepted their assurances about the economy being in solid shape ; we believed them when they said our homes , mortgages , jobs and retirement plans were secure ; we figured that even though most Americans save little , the beloved Government in all its generosity would handle things .
We tuned into CNN and pored over the Times and The Wall Street Journal and figured everything would be okay , that our real - life Oz was fail - safe .
They led us to think we could live like emperors , though we were really just paupers .
Let me take off my green glasses , just for a sec , so I can clean them -- oooooh , I never saw that big elephant in the living room before ...
For all their forecasts and optimism and fancy degrees and awesome job titles and impressive jargon , it seems things are not getting better .
They screwed up time and time again , with the Great Depression , the New Deal , taking us off gold , financing imperialist wars , and creating bubble economies , corporate cronyism , and savage inflation in the process .
Emerald City has gone bust , and the wizards have been caught with their pants down .
And what of Ben Bernanke , the Fed Chairman , the Head Charlatan , the Great Wizard of Oz in our tale ?
Like his predecessors , he tries to keep the smoke - and - mirrors show going , but the emerald curtain has torn ( we can't afford another because the credit cards are maxed out ) , revealing him too to be an impotent magician in a world that 's becoming less and less able to afford the extravagance .
So it 's no small thing that he is on record admitting that the Fed 's policies were responsible for the Great Depression .
Essentially , Bernanke 's view is that the Fed just did n't manage things well enough .
It 's funny ; the very people who would likely agree that Soviet - style command economies are inevitably doomed to fail are the same damned stooges who think that the free market can ( and should ) be " managed " by policy and laws and tax incentives and such .
Even Milton Friedman , often portrayed as a champion of laissez - faire , also thought that the economy ought to be massaged by public policy in order to make things more " efficient " ( for whom ? ) , and of course his followers are legion in today 's banking and policy world .
Do n't get me started on the deliberate hypocrisy of Alan Greenspan , who penned " Gold and Economic Freedom " and then rejected his own wisdom upon rising to the Fed .
There is no magic spell that the wizards can concoct to make things work exactly as they would like .
This mysterious " market " that we so often invoke is little more than the sum total of human interactions and exchanges and transactions -- goods , services , ideas , information -- whether they have a direct economic basis or a purely social value .
When we talk about " managing " the economy or the market , what we really mean is controlling people 's peaceful and productive interactions by force .
You cannot stop all people in all places and times and situations from engaging in this activity , nor can you exert direct control over them all .
Such would require godlike power that not even the " Unitary Executive " Bush can claim .
The more they try to hold onto it , the more slips through their grubby fingers .
So perhaps it 's now time for Bernanke to learn a new lesson : the economy is not something that can be " managed " like an email inbox , or an assembly line , or the pantry , or even one 's personal finances .
The more he and his fellow " wizards " try ( and the more we passively support them ) , the worse things shall become .
We have lived beyond our means for far too long .
The Soviet Empire fell because it went bankrupt .
So shall it be with the American Empire .
The fairy tale is soon to end .
Bush will not grow a brain nor Cheney a heart ; the Yellow Brick Road is full of potholes ; no ruby slippers will take us back to a safer , softer Kansas .
But maybe the coming collapse will force some to muster courage enough to take off the green glasses and say :
We do n't need the wizards anymore , no magickry , no illusions , no shared delusions , no Oz , no Wizard !
This sculptor ’s name is Andrei Severinko from Ukraine .
He finds the parts for his works on different dumps , then bring them home and create those cyber - creatures .
Some of them are really creepy .
via Kolya s Raena
In China , Spain , Italy , and across the world , we 've seen how quickly and easily medical systems can be swamped by big surges in novel coronavirus cases .
In most places here in the United States , healthcare systems have borne up pretty well , though at times , they 've been under punishing pressure .
Officials have had to scramble to keep up with demand for care .
Among other things , we 've seen hotels in New York City pressed into service as hospitals and dormitories for healthcare providers .
In Baltimore , the downtown convention center has become a hospital and testing center .
In Bayou Segnette State Park , south of New Orleans , even recreational cabins were used as makeshift isolation wards .
That 's just some of the improvisation that 's had to take place across virtually the entire country .
Technological and medial improvisation has been a recurring theme in some of our talks about the national COVID - 19 response .
So today , I want to tell you about a company working to ease the need for such drastic measures .
It 's not working on a breakthrough vaccine or therapy , or on a lifesaving machine - though its work , in my view , is every bit as important to the fight .
Rather , this company is working on a more , shall we say , basic , foundational approach .
And it has a " secret weapon " that can not only help us beat the disease , but has applications and growth potential far beyond healthcare .
BANGALORE ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs &
Co strategists urged stock investors on Monday to “ underweight ” U.S. financial and consumer shares , admitting it was wrong when it upgraded both sectors just seven weeks ago .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , June 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
The downgrades sparked selling in the two sectors as investors feared that weakening consumer demand and deterioration in the credit markets will weigh on profitability .
“ We boosted our consumer discretionary and financials weights in May on the belief the sectors would benefit from bank recapitalizations and fiscal stimulus , ” Goldman strategists led by David Kostin wrote .
“ Our thesis was clearly wrong in hindsight . ”
Goldman had previously urged investors to overweight consumer stocks and maintain a neutral weight in financials .
In afternoon trading , the Standard & Poor 's Financials Index .
GSPF was down 1.8 percent while the S&P Consumer Discretionary Index .
GSPD was down 1.1 percent .
The S&P 500 .SPX , in contrast , was up 0.2 percent .
Among the decliners was Merrill Lynch & Co MER.N , whose shares were down 3.4 percent after a Banc of America Securities analyst projected a wider loss for the securities firm .
Others that fell included Citigroup Inc C.N , down 2.6 percent , Home Depot Inc HD.N , down 4 percent , and General Motors Corp GM.N , down 4.9 percent .
“ Banks are what ’s weighing on the market , ” said Steve Goldman , a market strategist at Weeden & Co , citing the Goldman Sachs report .
Financial stocks had fallen 18 percent since the May 5 upgrade , compared with a 5 percent drop in the S&P 500 , Goldman said , as investors grew increasingly worried that more lenders would cut their dividends and conduct dilutive capital - raisings as losses mounted from mortgages and other debt .
Consumer discretionary stocks , which include such industries as cars , clothing and leisure , fell 7 percent in the same period , the Goldman strategists said .
Many analysts have been concerned that the tax rebates the government began handing out earlier this year might not provide much stimulus for the U.S. economy as debt - burdened consumers use them to pay bills or buy increasingly expensive necessities such as food and gasoline .
Besides , the strategists asked , “ What sustains consumer spending after the tax rebate checks have been spent ? ”
Goldman urged clients to allocate 13 percent of their holdings in S&P 500 stocks to financials and 7 percent to consumer discretionary stocks , compared with respective index weightings of 15.1 percent and 8.3 percent .
“ The credit situation facing the consumer is still deteriorating , house prices are falling sharply , and unemployment is rising , ” Goldman said .
The strategists urged investors to overweight the energy , materials and information technology sectors , saying they will likely outperform in an environment of rising inflation and weakening consumer demand .
It rates those sectors “ overweight . ”
WASHINGTON -- Supporters of Sen. Hillary Clinton suggested she would like to be Sen. Barack Obama 's running mate , but close advisers to Sen .
Obama are signaling that an Obama - Clinton ticket is highly unlikely .
Some in the Clinton camp also noted a possible deal - breaker for a party - unity ticket : Bill Clinton may balk at releasing records of his business dealings and big donors to his presidential library .
Sen .
Clinton scheduled a gathering for her staff at her house Saturday , where she will end her campaign and concede the nomination , three advisers said .
A day after his history - making declaration that he had enough delegates for the nomination , Sen. Obama on Wednesday named a search team for a vice - presidential running mate .
The first African - American nominee for a major party tapped two high - profile supporters — Caroline Kennedy , daughter of the late President Kennedy , and Eric Holder , President Clinton 's former deputy attorney general .
They join Jim Johnson , a former Fannie Mae chairman , who had already been enlisted to lead the search and vet potential choices .
It once was a ubiquitous term in California politics : The Berman - Waxman machine .
It often was spoken of reverentially -- or fearfully , among those who found themselves on the opposing side of an apparatus that , starting in the 1970s and extending into the early 1990s , came to absolutely dominate politics on Los Angeles ' Westside ( down to the judgeship level ) and was a force in parts of the central city and the San Fernando Valley , as well as the state Legislature .
For a variety of reasons , those days are gone .
But Reps. Howard Berman , left , of Valley Village and Henry Waxman , below , of Los Angeles -- who first begin acting in concert when they became friends decades ago at UCLA -- marched in lockstep again today .
They jointly joined the steady parade of Democratic superdelegates now lining up behind Barack Obama 's quest for the party 's presidential nomination .
Waxman , 68 , is one of the House 's senior members in service -- he was part of the " Watergate class " first elected in 1974 .
Berman , 67 , won his seat in 1982 , after a stint as a state assemblyman .
The Democratic takeover of the House in the 2006 election elevated both to powerful positions : Berman chairs the chamber 's foreign affairs panel ; Waxman heads the committee on oversight and government reform ( where he has reveled in probing the workings of the Bush administration at every opportunity ) .
The real importance of their endorsement , however , is noted in the second sentence of the release from the Obama campaign announcing their endorsement : " Both are respected leaders in the American Jewish community ... "
As much as Obama has sought to cast himself as a strong supporter of Israel , he has work to do ...
The Energy Crisis GM , Ford Look to Euro Divisions for Small Cars
With fuel prices at over $ 4 a gallon , sales of gas - guzzling American SUVs and trucks are tanking .
Now Ford and General Motors are looking to their European divisions for more efficient , smaller cars that can be quickly produced for the suddenly fuel - efficiency conscious American market .
Occasionally I implement an algorithm recursively then hit the recursion limit in Python .
For example , I just wrote this :
def clique ( self , node , done =None ) : if done is None : done = set ( ) done.add ( node ) for other_node in self.edges_by_node[node ] : if other_node not in done : self.clique( other_node , done ) return done
which hits a limit if the graph is too big .
So I rewrote it like this :
def clique ( self , start_node ) : done = set ( ) to_do = [ start_node ] while to_do : node = to_do.pop ( ) done.add ( node ) for other_node in self.edges_by_node[node ] : if other_node not in done : to_do.append(other_node ) return done
There 's a simple relationship between the two , quite independent of the specific task at hand .
Which got me thinking about abstracting the specific task out of the recursive versus non-recursive pattern .
I guess I was having an SICP moment :-)
Rogue Government
June 18 , 2008
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
If SPAM arrives in your inbox at 4 am , the chances are your antispam software will catch it .
But even if it does n’t , you wo n’t lose much sleep over its arrival .
But it ’ll be a different story with SPIT ( spam over internet telephony ) .
Junk phone calls at 4 am are going to drive you mad because the chances are that antispit software wo n’t be able to intercept the call .
Today , Andreas Schmidt and pals from the Fraunhofer - Insitute for Secure Information Technology in Darmstadt Germany explain why intercepting SPIT is so much harder than spotting SPAM .
The main difference between junk calls and junk email is that the email arrives at your mail server before you access it .
This gives the server time to analyse its content and filter out the junk before it gets to you .
Internet telephony , on the other hand , goes straight through to you in ( more or less ) real time , giving your server little or no time to analyse its content .
There are still a number of strategies that could be employed to filter out SPIT .
For example , white lists that allow only calls from predetermined callers , Turing tests such as audio CAPTCHAs that make a caller prove he or she is human and payment - at - risk services where the caller makes a small payment in advance and is refunded immediately if the receiver acknowledges the call as legitimate .
But Schmidt and pals do n’t seem confident that these techniques will work .
They happily point out the disadvantages of each strategy , showing how most are either impractical or easily circumvented by a determined spitter .
They have even created a program that implements all of these attacks .
Their idea is to use the program as a benchmarking tool against which people can test antispitting strategies .
Spitting is a problem that is likely to get worse .
Much worse , if the estimates are correct that as much as 90 per cent of email traffic is SPAM .
So to all you computer security guys out there : hustle , hustle , hustle .
I need my sleep .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0806.1610 : Spam over Internet Telephony and How to Deal With It
After two weeks of great cuisine and culture in Positano and Rome , I returned to the U.S. only to learn that it ’s still news in my country — the United States of Amnesia — when another insider from the Bush administration admits that President Bush eagerly sought war with Iraq .
Indeed , the media are falling over themselves in order to cycle , recycle and spin Scott McClellan ’s less than startling revelations about warmonger Bush ( for whom McClellan retains residual affection ) .
Nevertheless , McClellan deserves credit for his focus on the terrible downside of the “ permanent campaign ” mentality that afflicts politics in Washington .
It goes far to explain why the Bush administration could win elections , but govern so disastrously .
However , McClellan ’s most banal allegation is his charge that “ Bush was a leader unable to acknowledge that he got it wrong , unwilling to grow in office by learning from his mistakes –too stubborn to change and grow . ”
More than a decade ago , Americans who were paying attention ( and , indeed , that ’s the catch ! ) knew Bush was America ’s version of Oskar Matzerath ( in Gunter Grass ’s novel , The Tin Drum ) – a petulant child who banged his drum and shrieked while refusing to grow up .
But , whereas fictional Oskar ’s refusal to grow up was a precocious response to the injustice and hypocrisy he found among adults in Nazi Germany , Bush ’s inability to grow was the consequence of having everything in life handed to him — including the presidency — and of having every mistake mitigated by his parents , business associates or Republican party sycophants .
As Ann Richards famously observed : Bush “ was born on third base and thought he hit a triple . ”
Spared serious opportunities to struggle and the serious consequences of his many failures , Bush had little reason to change and grow .
Given Bush ’s life of coddling and impairment , one should n’t be surprised to learn that he still held fast to the possibility of achieving greatness .
McClellan confirms it with his assertion : “ As I have heard Bush say , only a wartime president is likely to achieve greatness . ”
Bush ’s observation does not appear to have been innocuous .
Instead , it appears to be self - referential and psychopathic , a possibility that escapes McClellan ’s scrutiny .
Simply ask yourself : “ Who else , other than a psychopath , would believe that the al Qaeda attacks during his presidency were not evidence of personal failure , but a sign that God had chosen him specifically to conduct the ‘ war on terror . ’
Who else , but a psychopath , would confide to a foreign leader that God told him to attack Iraq .
And who else , but a psychopath , would assure Rev. Pat Robertson that ‘ we ’re not going to have any casualties in Iraq ? ' ”
I suspect it ’s the very same psychopath who , in his gut , believes that “ only a wartime president is likely to achieve greatness . ”
McClellan ’s assertion bolsters those made earlier by Mickey Herskowitz , a Bush family friend , who claimed that , in 1999 , Bush was “ thinking about invading Iraq . ”
Why ?
Because , in Bush ’s view , “ one of the keys to being seen as a great leader is to be seen as commander in chief . ”
Thus , some four years before giving the order to invade Iraq , Bush believed : “ Start a small war , pick a country where there is justification you can jump on , go ahead and invade . ”
[ See Helen Thomas , “ Light Shed on Questions About War , ” Nov. 5 , 2004 ]
Granted , in McClellan ’s interpretation , reshaping the Middle East — not war per se — is the key to Bush ’s goal of achieving personal greatness .
But , Bush and his advisers eventually concluded that such reshaping could only be accomplished through war .
Moreover , because “ Bush and his advisers knew that the American people would almost certainly not support a war launched primarily for the ambitious purpose of transforming the Middle East , ” they commenced “ shading the truth ” about Iraq ’s weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) and ties to al Qaeda while intentionally “ ignoring … intelligence to the contrary . ”
All of which leads McClellan to conclude that Bush “ managed the crisis in a way that almost guaranteed that the use of force would become the only feasible option . ”
Even worse , we know that Bush compelled his National Security Council to plan regime change in Iraq from the very first days of his presidency .
As Treasury Secretary and NSC member Paul O’Neill put it : “ From the start , we were building a case against Hussein and looking at how we could take him out and change Iraq into a new country …
It was all about finding a way to do it .
That was the tone of it .
The President saying , ‘ Fine .
Go find me a way to do this . ' ”
[ Ron Suskind , The Price of Loyalty , p. 86 ]
Moreover , McClellan ’s words square precisely with the British government ’s secret “ Downing Street Memo ” of 23 July 2002 , which asserted : “ Bush wanted to remove Saddam , through military action , justified by the conjunction of terrorism and WMD .
But the intelligence and the facts were being fixed around the policy . ”
Although McClellan does n’t make such an assertion , Bush ’s unprovoked invasion of Iraq , under the cover of deception and lies , was an illegal , immoral preventive war — naked aggression — that , in a just U.S. and world , would lead to the impeachment and subsequent incarceration of both President Bush and Vice - President Cheney .
Conservative Israeli military historian , Martin van Creveld , got it right when he wrote : “ For misleading the American people , and launching the most foolish war since Emperor Augustus in 9 B.C. sent his legions into Germany and lost them , Bush deserves to be impeached and , once removed from office , put on trial along with the rest of the president ’s men .
If convicted , they ’ll have plenty of time to mull over their sins . ”
Tens of thousands of Americans have been killed or severely wounded , as have hundreds of thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians .
Iran is ascendant in the Middle East , terrorist attacks have proliferated , Osama bin Laden remains at large and the U.S. is despised around much of the world .
Were all of these events set in motion simply because a psychopathic president proved incapable of asking himself whether the coupling of “ George W. Bush ” with “ greatness ” yielded an indisputable oxymoron ?
Find a job faster with new ways to optimize your candidate profile
Stand out from the pack , connect with employers and get hired for the right role with these new features .
Read more ...
for TomPaine.com/OurFuture.org
[ New York , May 22 , 2008 . ]
I ca n’t make this up :
In a hotel room in Brussels , the chief executives of the world ’s top oil companies unrolled a huge map of the Middle East , drew a fat , red line around Iraq and signed their names to it .
The map , the red line , the secret signatures .
It explains this war .
It explains this week ’s rocketing of the price of oil to
$ 134 a barrel .
It happened on July 31 , 1928 , but the bill came due now .
Barack Obama knows this .
Or , just as important , those crafting his policies seem to know this .
Same for Hillary Clinton ’s team .
There could be no more vital difference between the Republican and Democratic candidacies .
And you wo n’t learn a thing about it on the news from the Fox - holes .
Let me explain .
In 1928 , oil company chieftains ( from Anglo - Persian Oil , now British Petroleum , from Standard Oil , now Exxon , and their Continental counterparts ) were faced with a crisis : falling prices due to rising supplies of oil ; the same crisis faced by their successors during the Clinton years , when oil traded at $ 22 a barrel .
The solution then , as now : stop the flow of oil , squeeze the market , raise the price .
The method : put a red line around Iraq and declare that virtually all the oil under its sands would remain there , untapped .
Their plan : choke supply , raise prices rise , boost profits .
That was the program for 1928 .
For 2003 .
For 2008 .
Again and again , year after year , the world price of oil has been boosted artificially by keeping a tight limit on Iraq ’s oil output .
Methods varied .
The 1928 “ Redline ” agreement held , in various forms , for over three decades .
It was replaced in 1959 by quotas imposed by President Eisenhower .
Then Saudi Arabia and OPEC kept Iraq , capable of producing over 6 million barrels a day , capped at half that , given an export quota equal to Iran ’s lower output .
In 1991 , output was again limited , this time by a new red line : B - 52 bombings by Bush Senior ’s air force .
Then came the Oil Embargo followed by the “ Food for Oil ” program .
Not much food for them , not much oil for us .
In 2002 , after Bush Junior took power , the top ten oil companies took in a nice $ 31 billion in profits .
But then , a miracle fell from the sky .
Or , more precisely , the 101st Airborne landed .
Bush declared , “ Bring ’m on ! ” and , as the dogs of war chewed up the world ’s second largest source of oil , crude doubled in two years to an astonishing $ 40 a barrel and those same oil companies saw their profits triple to $ 87 billion .
In response , Senators Obama and Clinton propose something wrongly called a “ windfall ” profits tax on oil .
But oil industry profits did n’t blow in on a breeze .
It is war , not wind , that fills their coffers .
The beastly leap in prices is nothing but war profiteering , hiking prices to take cruel advantage of oil fields shut by bullets and blood .
I wish to hell the Democrats would call their plan what it is : A war profiteering tax .
War is profitable business – if you ’re an oil man .
But somehow , the public pays the price , at the pump and at the funerals , and the oil companies reap the benefits .
Indeed , the recent engorgement in oil prices and profits goes right back to the Bush - McCain “ surge . ”
The Iraq government attack on a Basra militia was really nothing more than Baghdad ’s leaping into a gang war over control of Iraq ’s Southern oil fields and oil - loading docks .
Moqtada al - Sadr ’s gangsters and the government - sponsored greedsters of SCIRI ( the Supreme Council For Islamic Revolution In Iraq ) are battling over an estimated $ 5 billion a year in oil shipment kickbacks , theft and protection fees .
The Wall Street Journal reported that the surge - backed civil warring has cut Iraq ’s exports by up to a million barrels a day .
And that translates to slashing OPEC excess crude capacity by nearly half .
Result : ka-BOOM in oil prices and ka-ZOOM in oil profits .
For 2007 , Exxon recorded the highest annual profit , $ 40.6 billion , of any enterprise since the building of the pyramids .
And that was BEFORE the war surge and price surge to over $ 100 a barrel .
It ’s been a good war for Exxon and friends .
Since George Bush began to beat the war - drum for an invasion of Iraq , the value of Exxon ’s reserves has risen – are you ready for this ?
– by $ 2 trillion .
Obama ’s war profiteering tax , or “ oil windfall profits ” tax , would equal just 20 % of the industry ’s charges in excess of $ 80 a barrel .
It ’s embarrassingly small actually , smaller than every windfall tax charged by every other nation .
( Ecuador , for example , captures up to 99 % of the higher earnings ) .
Nevertheless , oilman George W. Bush opposes it as does Bush ’s man McCain .
Senator McCain admonishes us that the po ’ widdle oil companies need more than 80 % of their windfall so they can explore for more oil .
When pigs fly , Senator .
Last year , Exxon spent $ 36 billion of its $ 40 billion income on dividends and special payouts to stockholders in tax - free buy - backs .
Even the Journal called Exxon ’s capital investment spending “ stingy . ”
At today ’s prices Obama ’s windfall tax , teeny as it is , would bring in nearly a billion dollars a day for the US Treasury .
Clinton ’s plan is similar .
Yet the press ’ entire discussion of gas prices is shifted to whether the government should knock some sales tax pennies off the oil companies pillaging at the pump .
More important than even the Democrats ’ declaring that oil company profits are undeserved , is their implicit understanding that the profits are the spoils of war .
And that ’s another reason to tax the oil industry ’s ill - gotten gain .
Vietnam showed us that foreign wars do n’t end when the invader can no longer fight , but when the invasion is no longer profitable .
*****************
Greg Palast is the author of , “ Trillion Dollar Babies , ” on Iraq and oil , published in his New York Times bestseller , Armed Madhouse .
Palast is currently working with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on investigation the latest attacks on the right to vote in America .
Support this effort and receive a signed copy of Armed Madhouse from the author at Palast Investigative Fund .
View Palast ’s commentary on oil and war windfalls on Air America Radio ’s Palast Report – on YouTube here .
The online retailer Amazon.com said its United States Web site was down for about two hours on Friday but said it was unsure what had blocked access .
An Amazon spokeswoman said the site was unavailable for a couple of hours starting at around 10:25 a.m. California time .
The Web monitoring company Keynote put the outage at two - and - a - half hours and said the site was fully back up just before 1 p.m. in California .
SUNDAY AM UPDATE : WHAT A DISASTER !
‘ Speed Racer ’ $ 20 M Weekend Half What Warner Bros Hoped
Rival Studios Accuse WB Of Inflating #s
SATURDAY NOON UPDATE : I ’m just receiving reports that Speed Racer also is n’t doing well overseas where it opened day and date Friday in 30 + territories .
Says a marketing and distribution source for another studio :
“ It is a disaster in the worst way .
It was No. 6 in the UK and No. 9 in Germany and the numbers are horrific .
Only Latin America showed signs of life — but it was barely a pulse . ”
I have n’t seen any official international figures from Warner Bros yet .
But the film was supposed to do better overseas where anime is a bigger draw than in the U.S .
As expected , Marvel ’s Iron Man is the blockbuster No. 1 for the second week in a row .
According to distributor Paramount , it took in a str0ng $ 15 million Friday from 4,111 theaters ( - 62 % from its opening ) for what should be a $ 50 million weekend .
Its new cume is a monster $ 141.4 M .
( I loved how star Robert Downey Jr. told Jay Leno this week that it ’s much better to have a blockbuster than an Oscar . )
But the big story this weekend is what a big bomb Warner Bros ’ has released .
It ’s now official : Speed Racer is the first domestic box office disaster of the summer .
It placed only No. 3 Friday , well behind Fox ’s romantic comedy What Happens In Vegas , which opened with $ 7.1 million from 3,215 venues for what should be a $ 20 million weekend .
( Photos of Robert Downey Jr at the Iron Man premieres in the UK and Australia … )
Despite a wide release into 3,606 theaters , the anime actioner starring Emile Hirsh opened Friday with only $ 6.1 million ( and some studios said it was merely $ 5.7 M ) .
Even if today ’s kiddie matinees generate some of the usual high - octane and the movie moves up a notch to second place , it still wo n’t move Speed Racer out of the slow lane or approach Warner Bros ’ own expectations of a mid-$ 30s million debut ( and that was down from a hoped - for $ 40 mil a few days before … ) .
The alarming fact is this film will struggle to even make $ 20 million for the weekend .
At an estimated cost of at least $ 160 million ( talk about a writedown ! ) , this family fare is yet another case of a studio letting talent run amok : the Wachowski siblings delivered a long , loud , and lousy movie .
( The Industry scuttlebutt is that Warner Bros Pictures Group prez Jeff Robinov , a one - time agent , gave way too much power to his former clients .
Of course , the success of their Matrix franchise justified a certain degree of autonomy . )
The film ’s biggest handicap is its 2 hour , 15 minute , running time , bucking the current trend of kid movies clocking in at a mercifully short 90 to 100 minutes .
And then there are the bad reviews : only 27 % positive among the cream of the crop of Rotten Tomatoes film critics .
In addition , the pic should have been “ aged up ” : it plays too young and limits its audience by appealing mostly to little boys .
According to the “ Parents and Kids ” premium tracking , Speed Racer was first choice among parents and boys aged 7 through 11 .
Unfortunately , the Warner Bros film will get creamed by the competition from the Disney / Walden blockbuster Narnia 2 opening next weekend .
As for Fox ’s What Happens in Vegas and its tired “ been - there , done - that ” plot , stars Ashton Kutcher and Cameron Diaz did n’t deliver much box office firepower playing newlyweds .
But the first - time - paired duo have n’t been hot at the cineplex individually for a long while .
Again , this is a case of movie stars , not box office stars .
Some marketing mavens are hanging this on Ashton .
“ Guys just do not like him .
He ’s a pretty boy toy and not someone guys feel they connect to , ” said an insider .
“ The upside is that the film cost only $ 35 million . ”
Fox ’s well - oiled marketing machinery can make something out of nothing , and did that again here .
The rest of the Top 10 are holdovers .
FRIDAY PM : Here are very early numbers for Friday ’s domestic box office gross …
Marvel ’s Iron Man still the easy No. 1 blockbuster .
- 61 % for $ 15 M tonight .
Looks platinum for Paramount distributed pic : $ 50 + M weekend and cume $ 177 M .
Fox ’s What Happens in Vegas # 2 tonight with $ 6.8 M for $ 19 M - $ 20 M wkd .
Warner Bros’ Speed Racer only $ 6.6 M tonight .
Probably gets the kids matinee bump tomorrow and still ends up an oil - leaking # 2 for the weekend at awful $ 23 M - $ 24 M .
Sony ’s Made of Honor # 4 with $ 2.5 M tonight for $ 8 M weekend and cume of $ 26.6 M .
Overall , this weekend ’s box office should be up at least 20 % over last year’s .
More analysis later …
See my Wkd Prediction : Problem - Plagued ‘ Speed Racer ’ Distant No. 2 To ‘ Iron Man ’
SAN FRANCISCO  Concerned about the national ramifications of same - sex marriages in California , attorneys general from 10 states have asked the California Supreme Court to stay its decision legalizing the marriages , which are set to begin on June 17 .
In a letter to the court ’s chief justice , Ronald George , the attorneys general  all Republicans  asked that the marriages be put off until after the November election , when California voters are expected to vote on a measure that would ban same - sex marriages .
The attorneys general said that allowing same - sex marriages now could unnecessarily open the door to legal challenges from gay residents of other states who get married in California .
Upon returning to their home states , the newlyweds could demand equality in everything from tax - filing status to testimonial privileges in civil suits , the attorneys general said .
“ Absent a stay of the mandate in this case , that number will certainly be very large indeed , ” Mark L. Shurtleff , the Utah attorney general , wrote on behalf of the group in a letter delivered on Thursday and released publicly on Friday .
“ And unnecessarily so if a majority of California ’s voters favor in November the proposed ballot measure . ”
T ridership jumps with gas prices
The high cost of gasoline has helped fuel a sharp increase in MBTA riders over the first two months of the year and a decrease in the number and length of traffic jams , according to T officials and traffic specialists .
The number of T trips rose from 27 million in February 2007 to nearly 30 million in February 2008 , up more than 11 percent for the month , Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority officials said .
The numbers were up about 5 percent for January .
Combined , the average increase is 8.3 percent .
The rising MBTA numbers follow a national trend .
More Americans rode public transportation last year than at any time in history , according to the American Public Transportation Association , which also cited gas prices as a major factor .
The small , open economies , in a semi-vassal position to the USA , permanently worried about exchange rates , have become a large , mostly self - sufficient , powerhouse , with a balanded trade and financial position , increasingly able to trade in its own currency - a currency that has not been devalued by bubbly and / or profligate monetary policies .
The health of the eurozone is much less dependent on the dollar than most people think ( out of habit ) ; the ECB is running a monetary policy focused on the internal strength of the euro rather than its external value , and the resulting intrinsic value of the euro , combined with its new reach , provides an alternative to investors around the world to trade and to store wealth .
So the euro , our currency , has become a problem for US policy makers .
Gorging on debt as a wealth creation , they have been free - riding on the dollar 's previously unassailable role for a very long time .
But now , there is an alternative , and there finally are Europeans willing to say that the emperor is naked .
This is a momentous event .
Some US commentators in the WSJ realize the extent of the problem :
The Weak - Dollar Threat to World Order ( ... ) the U.S. has much more at stake than merely undercutting the competition in global markets with cheapened dollars .
The connection between price stability and entrepreneurial effort is profound .
Why should anyone work hard or take risks if financial rewards can be blithely confiscated through inflation ?
The old communist aphorism - " They pretend to pay us and we pretend to work " - reflects deep cynicism borne of citizen subservience to totalitarian government .
Honest money is the bedrock of democratic capitalism .
When the U.S. turns a blind eye to the consequences of diluting the value of its monetary unit , when we abuse the privilege of supplying the global reserve currency by resorting to sleight - of - hand monetary policy to address our own economic problems - inflating our way out of the housing crisis , pushing taxpayers into higher brackets through stealth - it sends a disturbing message to the world .
Why would the nation that espouses Adam Smith and the wisdom of the invisible hand permit its currency to confound the validity of price signals in the global marketplace ?
How can Americans champion the cause of free trade and exhort other nations to rid themselves of protectionist measures such as tariffs and subsidies - and then smugly claim that U.S. exports are becoming " more competitive " as the dollar sinks ?
That 's not competing .
It 's cheating .
The U.S. cannot go on pretending the dollar 's fate is somehow beyond our ken .
Maintaining a reliable currency is a moral responsibility as well as a strategic imperative .
Devaluation is almost always a short term fix and it has deleterious long term effects .
But when you have a large enough economy with no competitor , you do n't really care .
That has been the privileged position of the US economy over the past 60 years , and sadly it 's been abused .
Conversely , Europe had the habit ( not having much of a choice in the matter , and remembering the great hyper- inflation of the early 20th century ) of being disciplined on the monetary side , and is now behaving , through the euro , as a big economic block .
It 's quite a change on the international scene .
Call it yet another US asset that has been despoiled by Bush and Greenspan .
Save the date
Mark your calendars : Django 1.0 is coming in early September !
We 're nearing the home stretch on releasing Django 1.0 .
We 've just published a roadmap and schedule that brings us to a 1.0 release on September 2nd , 2008 .
You can read all the details on the roadmap , but here are the highlights :
Django 1.0 will be released in early September .
To meet that deadline , Django 1.0 has a minimal set of must - have features .
The big feature on that list is newforms - admin .
There 's a larger set of " maybe " features : if these features are done by the 1.0 feature - freeze date ( August 5 ) , they 'll be included in 1.0 .
If you 'd like to help us meet this deadline , please read the rest of the roadmap , and especially the " how you can help " section .
Only 77 days left until Django 1.0 !
Browse column I 'm calling in an urgent request for reinforcements , before we 're overrun .
The eXile , my HQ since I started this column , has been sucker - punched by a bunch of squeamish bureaucrats and anonymous complainers .
You know the type , the kind of people who'll poison your dog but do n't have the guts to come to your door .
Looks like this Fifth Column is winning , and we 'll be forced to retreat from Moscow .
And you know how messy retreats from Moscow can get .
Ask the Little Corporal ; he left the Kremlin with half a million men and came home with about enough for a high - school marching band .
Well , the Bible gives clear instructions on what to do if the locals spit on you for trying to help 'em out .
It 's right there in the Book , in fact the Book of Mark , Chapter 6 if I recall , makes for a nice Mark - Ames tie - in , huh ?
Here 's what the Bible says : " And whosoever shall not hear you , when ye depart , shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them .
Verily ,
It shall be easier for Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of judgment , than for them . "
Ya hear that , Moscow , ya ungrateful place ?
We 're shakin ' your dust from our ' Nam boots and setting up a new site somewhere not so allergic to truth , boobs and gory jokes .
Maybe we can get Eritrea to give us a home .
I volunteer to be the eXile 's Eritrean rep right now .
The thing is , it takes money and we have none , zero , are n't even getting paid any more .
We need help .
That 's what this mayday is about .
You want us in the foxhole with you , fighting against all that 's good and decent in the name of all that 's funny and honest ?
Then cough it up , soldier !
— Gary Brecher , The War Nerd
The eXile needs you to donate money right away so that we can pay our system administrator and find a new server somewhere overseas , and maybe throw the War Nard a few Milk Duds .
Click the button below to donate through PayPal and make yourself feel good in 2 E - Z steps .
Print Share article
Seems that one person 's smut is another person 's morning latte .
A Christian group based in San Diego found grounds for outrage over the new retro-style logo for Starbucks Coffee .
The Resistance says the new image " has a naked woman on it with her legs spread like a prostitute , " Mark Dice , founder of the group , said in a news release .
" Need I say more ?
It 's extremely poor taste , and the company might as well call themselves Slutbucks . "
The group , which claims more than 3,000 members nationwide and has found a place on the fringe advancing various conspiracy theories , is calling for a national boycott of the coffee - selling giant .
The logo will run on Starbucks cups for " several more weeks , " said company spokeswoman Bridget Baker , and will live on as the logo for Pike Place bags of coffee .
The image is a less - revealing version of what the chain used for many years , starting when it first opened in Seattle in 1971 .
That original logo was resurrected in its Northwest outlets for a time in 2006 to mark the chain 's 35th anniversary .
Baker said the newly revived logo was " modified a bit [ from the original ] based on feedback " from Starbucks customers during its 2006 appearance .
" We feel it 's appropriate , " she said .
The explanation for that initial logo is explained in the book " Pour Your Heart into It : How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time , " written by company founder Howard Schultz :
" [ Creative partner Terry Heckler ] poured [ sic ] over old marine books until he came up with a logo based on an old 16 Century Norse woodcut : a two - tailed mermaid , or siren , encircled by the store 's original name , Starbucks Coffee , Tea , and Spice .
That early siren , bare - breasted and Rubenesque , was supposed to be as seductive as coffee itself . "
Paul Walsh • 612-673-4482
The people who brought you the camouflage eGo portable USB hard drive have traded the hunting rifle for the meerschaum pipe : the leather - clad 250 GB eGo , which goes on sale today for just over $ 140 , will look good in any study , but best in ones where there 's a roaring fire and many leather - bound books .
Iomega takes pains to note that this is the only leather portable drive on the market .
Our guess is that , as stylish as it is , it may remain so for a while .
( Second photo after the jump . ) [ Iomega ]
Advertisement
I came across a blog with a challenge I could n't ignore .
Gary R. Hess at the PoemofQuotes Blog posted this :
I need your help fellow bloggers !
Lets create the longest poem ever known to the meme .
What we need to do : Copy and paste the previous persons poem , then write the next line .
It can be a new stanza , new rhyme , etc .
But the poem must make sense !
To keep the poem going , please place a link to Gary 's original post Quest for the longest poetry meme ( nofollow it if you have to ) and the previous person 's page ( in this case , it 's Lucky Girl Trading Co. ) .
Next , drop by PoemofQuotes and comment telling us the URL of your poem if you want us to continue it .
If you do n’t like the previous line , you can start the meme over , just do n’t confuse everyone .
Please state in the comment if you started a new poem .
Lets try to make each poem as long as possible !
Here is the poem so far , including my line :
The forest sang of moans from years past ,
while crumbling leaves of sorrow the blackbirds pecked for morsels -- what luck !
Hidden among the knots and gnarls of bygone woes ,
Give it a try .
Its fun .
You may also enjoy reading : Acadia 's landscape had its beginnings long before sunbeams .
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Waldo County , situated in mid-coast Maine along scenic Penobscot Bay , has genuine New England character evidenced by working port towns and quaint rural villages .
Visitors are awed by the area 's unspoiled beauty .
From striking coastal views to sweeping mountain vistas , dramatic natural settings abound .
In addition great care has been taken to preserve and refurbish numerous historic landmarks , homes and buildings .
Consequently , the Maine of yesteryear is still found here .
Stumble It !
web blog : Time Less Images
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Das psychologische Eintagsseminar GLÜCKLICHER NICHTRAUCHER
( einschließlich der ausführlichen Teilnehmerunterlagen ) kostet 198 Euro und wird von allen gesetzlichen Krankenkassen gefördert .
Die Förderungssumme liegt zwischen 75 Euro und der Gesamtsumme von 198 Euro für das Nichtraucher - Seminar .
Die zusätzlichen Gebühren von 45 Euro für die Nichtraucherspritze und die spezielle Essenz sind nicht krankenkassenzuschussfähig .
> mehr erfahren …
A lot of people seem to share my opinion about how incredible this film was .
I personally feel that this may be the best film I 've ever seen .
I do n't see this as bashing any one group of people based on their weight (... and I love that one person commented on how this movie would A lot of people seem to share my opinion about how incredible this film was .
I personally feel that this may be the best film I 've ever seen .
I do n't see this as bashing any one group of people based on their weight (... and I love that one person commented on how this movie would offend " fat people " .
Do n't you think that some people might find that label offensive ? ) .
It does raise some important questions about the amount of time that we spend in front of our computer / screens these days , the lack of time that we spend playing outdoors and interacting with others face to face , and the nature of the " corporate beasts " that rule the retail market .
More importantly , it 's got great music , amazing graphics , and is truly endearing and hilarious .
Watch this movie .
And then go for a walk with family or friends .
…
Expand
They Are Not  Conspiracy Theories 
They Are , in Fact ,  Discoveries 
Those to whom information is presented must deal with their personal unwillingness to hear new facts .
We have to make a serious effort to distinguish between the expression of an unfounded theory and the disclosure of verifiable information and facts .
They absolutely refuse to accept even the most convincing proof because they dare not admit to themselves that they have been lied to by officials in whom the placed their trust .
It is currently standard practice in America to simply dismiss any piece of information that punches a hole in any widely accepted explanation of a disturbing event .
In many cases , especially when a serious crime is in question , the " conspiracy theory " tag is immediately attached to any new discovery about the event .
Information related to such important topics such as 9/11 , election fraud , the new world order , secret societies , or globalization is too often ignored as part of a baseless conspiracy theory even before any of it is ever presented , discussed , or evaluated .
There seems to be no set criteria for dismissing information as a foolish conspiracy theory .
The only prerequisite for information to be so categorized seems to be the desire to reject it .
The reason for the rejection does not seem to matter .
It appears that anything people do not want to believe is simply set aside as not believable .
It almost seems that if you set some people of fire they would dismiss the flames as non-existent , simply because they did not want to believe what was happening .
The pain and damage done by the fire , no matter how devastating , would not be evidence enough to convince these people that the fire was real .
Their need to believe otherwise would win out .
In the same vein , people dismiss information and apply the conspiracy theory tag to anything they chose to disbelieve at their own discretion , regardless of any hard evidence that accompanies the " theory . "
It 's time to put an end to this nonsense once and for all .
It 's also time dispense with the name calling and understand the dynamics of what is happening when new information is rejected .
We have to deal with the resistance to any tampering with accepted " truths . "
And we have to find ways to convince people to seriously consider the new information , new discoveries if you will - that so many refuse , under any circumstances , to acknowledge .
It is absolutely accurate to say that conspiracies exist all around us every day of our lives and and in all walks of life Conspiracies are a very common part of life .
Children conspire to play jokes on their friends , football teams conspire ( in the huddle ) to outmaneuver their opponents ; the rich conspire with one another to get richer and governments conspire about virtually everything .
As a matter of fact every single person who has ever been convicted of a crime by a jury is the subject of a conspiracy theory ; only in these cases a jury has accepted the theory as truth after seeing the evidence .
Any time two or more people are involved in setting private plans to do anything , you have a conspiracy .
And every single time you have a powerful government , you have secret organizations conspiring to remain secret .
Conspiracies , by definition are shrouded in secrecy .
In turn , their secrecy begets speculation and that speculation spawns new theories about the conspiracy itself .
.
Is there any wonder that theories arise about things we do not fully understand and events we find suspicious ?
In the end , theories are inevitable .
Truths , however , are essential .
It is perfectly acceptable for curious parties to evaluate or theorize about conspiracies .
It is natural to assume that conspiracies take place and it is perfectly understandable for people to speculate on potential or known conspiracies .
Trying to figure out what trades your favorite baseball team might make is a perfect example of this .
The team is conspiring to make changes and you are theorizing about the changes .
There is nothing wrong with that .
Strangely , when you call your local sports radio show to speculate on the trade , no one will call you a conspiracy theorist , despite the fact that the name does apply .
By speculating about the secret plans of others , you actually are expressing a theory about their conspiracy .
Conspiracy " theories " are just that ; theories .
Theories are based on a logical or a reasonable theses that take known information into account and draw a conclusion based on those known facts .
Theories , in essence , are educated guesses , and conspiracy theories are educated guesses about conspiracies people perceive around them .
The sinister nature of conspiracy theories , then , is totally undeserved .
When new facts are brought out about controversial issues , something strange happens .
Minds close and battle stations are taken .
A confusion arises between unfounded theories and actual facts , discoveries , clues or evidence that may or may not support existing beliefs about those issues .
We have to make a serious effort to distinguish between the expression of an unfounded theory and the disclosure of verifiable information and facts .
Today there is an ongoing battle between those in possession of newly discovered information and those who do not want to even consider the validity of that information .
Real evidence and factual information are being lumped with baseless theories .
This is not always the fault of the person to whom the information is presented .
In many cases , the presenters offer unpopular conclusions too quickly that alienate their audience .
This is often the case when new information about the events of 9/11 are revealed .
When people are involved in discussions about the attacks , they are prone to dismiss verifiable evidence because they are offended or distressed by greater ramifications that arise . .
This is both unproductive and dangerous .
Information has to be examined and evaluated , regardless of its wider implication .
That is the responsibility of the recipient .
But there has to be a way to clearly present valid , tangible , verifiable and often undisputed information so that it is more readily accepted .
That responsibility belongs to the presenter , who must deal with facts rather than conclusions .
Another thing to keep in mind is the possibility that a simple discovery can disprove a great deal of what is previously accepted as truth .
At the same time , however , it may not completely prove the validity of an alternative theory .
It only proves that an existing belief is wrong .
This is the case regarding the mountains of evidence uncovered by the independent 9/11 researchers .
What they have discovered easily disproves the official version of the events and the Kean Commission findings .
What it does not prove conclusively is what actually took place .
There is also another factor to deal with when dealing with the truths , half truths , and lies that surround events not clearly resolved in the minds of the public .
Holding on to half truths is often easier than accepting that one has been fed a truckload of lies in the first place .
Suffice it to say there is a large segment of the American population that continues to dismiss every one of the verifiable findings of the independent 9/11 research community .
They absolutely refuse to accept even the most convincing proof because they dare not admit to themselves that they have been lied to by officials in whom the placed their trust .
Betrayal by those who lead the country they love is simply too painful to accept .
Denial is too often the best defense of the deceived .
My own venture into educating the public about media deception has led me into a world of information that has been hidden from the public .
Actually , it is not completely hidden , but it surely can not be found in the mainstream media .
If we use Iraq as an example , even the most rudimentary research into the history of the first Gulf War will uncover a reality that is very different from the common folklore .
When I bring up issues regarding the first Bush administration and Iraq , such as the hiring of a PR firm to lie to Congress about atrocities committed by the Iraqis in order to garner support for war , people immediately tag my information as my conspiracy theory .
In part , they are correct .
There was a conspiracy , but it was not mine .
And there was no theory , there was only truth ...
The account is factual , it really happened and it was a conspiracy to lie to the Congress and the nation .
Fortunately , this particular issue is verifiable .
It is also no longer denied .
Sadly , like so much people should know , these events are destined to remain in the dustbin of history , thanks to our mass media .
And it might explain why I , along with many other people , are working hard to bring the truth to the people .
When researchers , history buffs , truth seekers , conspiracy nuts or whatever you want to call us , present newly discovered , yet verifiable information to the public , we are directly attacked as promoters of a conspiracy theory and lambasted with the usual assortment of insults . .
This is totally unacceptable .
We can no longer allow the conspiracy theory tag to be indiscriminately used whenever anyone has new discoveries to reveal .
There has to be a concerted effort to clarify the goals of those with information to impart .
Presenting new evidence can not be perceived as an attempt to establish a forgone conclusion .
At the same time , new information must be dealt with in isolation of any other ramifications or another resistance relating to its possible reality .
9/11 remains the perfect example with which to illustrate my concerns .
A massive amount of valid evidence exists to show that elements of the official story ( itself a conspiracy theory because it is not verifiable ) , are false .
It is not possible , however .
to use the newly discovered evidence as the basis for a conclusion about what actually happened and who was responsible .
At least not yet .
There are many indications , and there is a long trail of evidence suggesting US government complicity , but that is all there is .
That much is a theory , but the evidence itself is comprised of facts .
That evidence can not be dismissed simply because the theories that are wrapped around them are inconclusive .
The proverbial baby cannot be thrown out with the bath water .
In conclusion , let me summarize two " conspiracy theory " problems that must be dealt with :
Those who opt to disclose new discoveries must clearly separate the theoretical elements of their presentation from the information they disclose .
Those to whom information is presented must deal with their personal unwillingness to hear new facts .
They must become more receptive to new evidence and avoid dismissing verifiable evidence simply because the ramifications are distressing or difficult to conceive .
We have to discourage the misuse of language that wrongly labels and categorizes people with information to share .
Hostile or incorrect terminology only serves to interfere with our mutual and communal education .
It is vital that we examine evidence and discoveries for what they are .
We must be careful not to expand evidence beyond its empirical reality .
Facts must not be confused with folklore , but must be presented within the limits of their validity .
By doing this , we may convince the skeptics among us to listen with less resistance and to end the practice of dismissing evidence solely because it disproves their initial beliefs .
If we deal effectively with these obstacles , we all may become better informed about the things we need to know .
And perhaps one day we will come to know the reality that continues to evade us to this day .
Jesse - Editor , TvNews LIES .org WHY AMERICANS REFUSE TO BELIEVE THE 9/11 EVIDENCE !!! -
The attacks of 9/11 were so unthinkable that most Americans would refuse to believe the complicity of their own government , even if presented with a mountain of evidence .
-
Very simply , it is possible to escape blame if you do something that nobody in the world believes you could do .
PARIS -- Société Générale says wayward trader Jérôme Kerviel lost the bank $ 7.2 billion .
But that was last week .
He 's now on his way to cult celebrity -- and he still has n't lost his job .
Société Générale has stopped paying Mr. Kerviel and told him not to come to the office , but it has n't managed to formally fire him .
French law stipulates that to do that , the bank must first call him in for a sit - down meeting and explain its dissatisfaction .
He has the right ...
Linux Shell Scripting Tutorial v1.05r3
A Beginner 's handbook Copyright © 1999 - 2002 by Vivek G. Gite < vivek@nixcraft.com >
( Formally know as vivek - tech.com )
This paper provides a retrospective on the 1996 Boskin Commission Report , Toward a More Accurate Measure of the Cost of Living , and its famous estimate that the CPI in 1995 - 96 was upward biased by 1.1 percent per year .
The paper summarizes the report 's methods , findings , and recommendations , and then reviews the criticisms that appeared soon after the Report was issued .
Post - Boskin changes in the CPI are summarized and assessed , as is recent research on related issues .
The paper sharply distinguishes two questions .
First , with what we know now , what should the Commission have concluded about CPI bias in 1995 - 96 ?
Second , what is the bias now after the many improvements introduced into the CPI since the Commission 's Report ?
About the first question , my own recent research on apparel and rental housing indicates a substantial downward bias in the CPI over much of the twentieth century , diminishing in size after 1985 .
Incorporating these findings into the Boskin matrix would reduce its 0.6 percent annual upward bias due to quality change and new products to a smaller 0.4 percent bias .
However , this is more than offset by the stunning discrepancy over 2000 - 06 in the chain - weighted C - CPI - U compared to the traditional CPI - U , indicating that the Commission greatly understated the magnitude of upper - level substitution bias .
This retrospective evaluation suggests that the Boskin bias estimate for 1995 - 96 should have been 1.2 to 1.3 percent , not 1.1 percent .
Current upward bias in the CPI is estimated to have declined from the revised 1.2- 1.3 percent in the Boskin era to about 0.8 percent today .
Yet the Boskin report , like most contemporary studies of quality change , failed to place sufficient value on the value of new products and on increased longevity .
Allowing for these , today 's bias is at least 1.0 percent per year or perhaps even higher .
As found by EconAcademics.org , the blog aggregator for Economics research : Citations are extracted by the CitEc Project , subscribe to its RSS feed for this item .
Corrections
All material on this site has been provided by the respective publishers and authors .
You can help correct errors and omissions .
When requesting a correction , please mention this item 's handle : RePEc:nbr:nberwo:12311 .
See general information about how to correct material in RePEc .
For technical questions regarding this item , or to correct its authors , title , abstract , bibliographic or download information , contact : ( ) .
General contact details of provider : http://edirc.repec.org/data/nberrus.html .
If you have authored this item and are not yet registered with RePEc , we encourage you to do it here .
This allows to link your profile to this item .
It also allows you to accept potential citations to this item that we are uncertain about .
If CitEc recognized a reference but did not link an item in RePEc to it , you can help with this form .
If you know of missing items citing this one , you can help us creating those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above , for each refering item .
If you are a registered author of this item , you may also want to check the " citations " tab in your RePEc Author Service profile , as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation .
Please note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services .
For a better experience please enable Javascript in your browser
Nissan HQ ( TGW ) – Nissan plans to release an electric car by 2010 , which could make it the first major automaker to market with an electric car in the United States .
If the all electric vehicle was released by 2010 , there is the very likely possibility it would be unveiled before the Chevy Volt , currently the electric car with the most publicity .
The company said it was looking at a range of electric models starting with small city cars , but eventually including minivans , crossovers , and commercial vehicles .
Via :: CNET
Veteran , vets ' advocate : McCain 's war posturing killing morale for troops Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Thursday June 12 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
The " surge " is working , we are winning in Iraq , and it's " not too important " as to when the troops will be returning home , Senator and presidential hopeful John McCain ( R - AZ ) said this week .
Senator Joseph Lieberman ( I - CT ) , or McCain 's " dog 's body , " as MSNBC's Keith Olbermann refers to him , portrayed McCain as a particular authority on the Iraq occupation based on his service in Vietnam .
McCain 's potential position of power as Commander - in - Chief and his experience in combat give his words extra power to disappoint the troops that hear his projections , and he should know better , said Brandon Friedman , Vice Chairman of VoteVets and a veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan .
" Keith , this is a morale crusher , " Friedman said .
" If you can imagine , say , a sergeant , who 's on his third tour , and he's in the fourteenth month of that tour , and he hears the potential President say something like this , it kills morale .
" The troops over there hang on every word they hear from a leader .
.. especially the Commander - in - Chief , but also someone who could be the Commander - in - Chief .
And when they hear something like this , it really kills them on the inside because , you know , their families want them home -- they want to come home -- or focus on the real Global War on Terror elsewhere . "
Olbermann asked : " Does it matter more that they are abandoned by a John McCain who did serve as opposed to a George Bush who did not ? "
" Absolutely , Keith , " Friedman said .
" We 've come to not expect a whole lot from George W. Bush .
But , when you have a veteran like John McCain who has gone through so much in Vietnam , you really expect a lot more out of him ... He should know better .
And , for those of us who have been there and who have lived through this , we just would expect a lot more , and it really saddens us to see this happen , because there are thousands and thousands of veterans who just disagree with him on this . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown with Keith Olbermann , broadcast June 11 , 2008 .
Download video
Guy Caruso , director of the Office of Market Analysis for U.S. Energy Information Administration , speaks during the Reuters Global Energy Summit in New York June 2 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid ( UNITED STATES )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil prices should stay above $ 100 a barrel through 2009 and potentially longer as supply struggles to keep up with demand , the government ’s top energy forecaster said on Monday .
“ You ’ve got this global market still operating at very low spare ( oil production ) capacity , all of which is in Saudi Arabia , ” Guy Caruso , head of the Energy Information Administration , told reporters at the Reuters Global Energy Summit in New York .
Crude oil prices have risen six - fold since 2002 to around $ 130 a barrel as rising demand from China and other developing countries strains supply -- a spike that has added pressure to a U.S. economy already hobbled by a housing crisis .
Caruso said the oil price surge will likely spell further hikes in U.S. gasoline prices this summer .
“ We still have some pass - through ( to the gasoline pump ) of the higher crude oil prices that we ’ve seen now over the last number of weeks , ” Caruso said .
“ If the crude oil prices stay around $ 120 , $ 125 , it looks like ( gasoline ) might be somewhere in the $ 4.10 area . ”
Caruso added that the EIA will likely revise its estimate for U.S. oil demand for 2008 downward by 10,000 barrels per day when it releases its monthly outlook next week due to the effects of rising prices .
But he said any slowdown in the United States is being tempered by continued strong demand growth for energy in Asia and the Middle East , keeping the oil market tight .
Jeff Kupfer , acting deputy secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy told Reuters on Monday that the government has no quick fix to the spike in fuel costs , but that the administration of President George W. Bush was “ in constant contact ” with OPEC members to urge the cartel to boost output .
( For summit blog : summitnotebook.reuters.com / )
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan ’s biggest astronomical observatories are teaming up for an unprecedented quest to find out whether there is life in outer space .
The spherical dome of the Gran Telescopio Canarias ( GTC ) telescope is seen at Roque de Los Muchachos observatory in Spain 's canary island of La Palma July 24 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Santiago Ferrero
The project , led by Japanese astronomers , will bring together a dozen or more observatories from all over the country to study one star that researchers see as a potential home to an extraterrestrial civilization .
“ Everyone wonders at least once in their lifetime whether space is infinite and whether aliens really do exist , ” said Shinya Narusawa , chief researcher at Nishi - Harima Astronomical Observatory in western Japan .
The search for aliens and UFOs is not new to Japan .
Last year , unidentified flying objects grabbed the headlines after a lawmaker submitted a question to the cabinet on whether the country had confirmed any cases of their existence .
The government ’s answer : no .
In the scientific world , Japanese researchers have used antennas to catch radio signals from outer space and analyzed the prisms of celestial lights to see if any laser emissions from space can be found , Narusawa said .
Their searches have not been too fruitful so far .
The new project will involve multiple astronomers filming one star over several nights some time next year , along with the usual light analysis and recording of radio signals .
“ When there are some suspicious signals , sometimes it ’s hard to tell whether they are artificial ones coming from the earth , for example from machines , or whether they are coming from the stars in the natural world , ” Narusawa said .
With multiple participants observing one star , it will be easier to check on whether the signals received are actually from the natural world , he said , adding that they have not decided on which star to observe .
The participants are realistic about the slim chance of encountering signals from outer space during the short experiment , but they see a larger significance .
“ By thinking about outer space , we hope this will be an opportunity where people can re-appreciate the earth and human beings , ” Narusawa said .
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
THIS drug is peddled on every street corner in America , and is found in every country in the world .
It is psychoactive , a stimulant and addictive .
Users say that it increases alertness and focus , and reduces fatigue .
But the high does not last and addicts must keep consuming it in increasing quantities .
Put this way , sipping coffee sounds more like an abomination than the world 's most accepted form of drug abuse .
But centuries of familiarity have put people at their ease .
In the coming years science is likely to create many novel drugs that boost memory , concentration and planning .
These may well be less harmful than coffee — and will almost certainly be more useful .
But will people treat them with as much tolerance ?
High time
The new cognition - enhancing drugs are designed to treat debilitating diseases such as Alzheimer 's , attention - deficit disorder and schizophrenia .
But because they act deep in neural pathways of the brain , some of them are bound also to enhance people 's power to think and learn ( see article ) .
Such drugs will inevitably be used by healthy people too .
That is the lesson from medicines such as Ritalin ( methylphenidate ) and Provigil ( modafinil ) , which are now widely used “ off label ” to boost performance , as Nature has found .
When the British journal asked its scientifically aware readers earlier this year , one in five of those who answered said they had used such drugs non-medically , to help them concentrate or learn .
For many , drug is a four - letter word .
Unapproved use is at best worrying and unfair , and at worst dangerous and immoral .
Such thinking leads to strict controls or even prohibition and criminalisation .
In Britain , for instance , Ritalin is a class B drug .
Yet strict controls would be both futile and wrong .
Futile , because if people really want medicines , they can easily get hold of them .
Nature 's drug users procured their stashes from prescriptions from doctors or over the internet .
As anyone with an e-mail address knows , the difficulty is not scarcity , but keeping the offers for Viagra , real or fake , at bay .
And wrong because such drugs promise to do a lot of good .
Many people already use Provigil to cope with night - shift work , jet lag and lack of sleep , and suffer few side - effects .
Others use beta - blockers to overcome the anxiety and stress of performance .
Scientists use off - label drugs to increase their focus .
If that helps them unravel the mysteries of the universe , so much the better .
If chemical assistance can help increase the useful human lifespan , the benefits could be huge .
Some worry about the unfair advantage and peer pressure that comes from these drugs .
However , millions suffer from untreated but mild memory loss .
Is it fair to deny them help ?
If the shy or the scatterbrained take cognitive enhancers , it is not obvious whether this is levelling their playing field or giving them an unfair advantage .
Is it “ natural ” to prop up the ageing body with a nip and a tuck , but to restrict help for the ageing mind to brain - training on the Nintendo ?
Punishing the off - label use of cognitive enhancers may also be unfair to those who find these drugs medically useful in unexpected ways .
Schizophrenics , it has recently been found , are likely to be heavy smokers because nicotine is good for their condition .
Genetic variations between people are associated with different levels of working memory .
People using Provigil or Ritalin may eventually be found to have a legitimate but previously unknown need for the drug .
There will always be risks , but no more than for other medicines .
Remember that the new drugs will have passed clinical trials because they are treatments for a disease , even if they have not been licensed as cognitive enhancers .
There will be a lot of habitual off - label takers , more people than in the trials , so the regulators need to monitor them for side - effects — especially in children .
But detailed and accessible information about the side - effects of drugs is to everyone 's advantage .
With any compound , the task is to minimise harm while maximising the freedom to choose .
It may even be that , like Viagra , society largely welcomes the arrival of a chemical that does , far better , what omega - 3s , ginseng , vitamins and all the other quackery have failed to do .
Unless of course , you want to outlaw double espressos too .
By Evan Schnittman
[ A Full Disclosure Note From Evan ]
Let ’s be clear from the start : Neither Amazon nor Sony have told me anything .
I get nada , zilch , bupkis when I ask even the most circumspect questions about their respective device sales .
If it has to do with Kindle or Reader , I get the standard “ go away ” line .
I have not manipulated sales data , be it OUP ’s or any other publisher .
I have not analyzed Amazon or Sony ebook sales statistics or rankings .
I have not found any secret documents .
I have not broken into the vault , I have not cracked the code , I have not had prophetic dreams – well , not about any e-ink devices anyway …
What I do have is a subscription to DIGITIMES that has led me to some pretty outlandish and , I think , substantiated conclusions about Kindle and Sony Reader sales figures .
Before you dismiss me as loopy check out the evidence …
When the Kindle first launched there were plenty of predictions about how it and its predecessor the Sony Reader would sell .
Over time the chatter died down , halted partly by the Kindle going out of stock .
At the end of April , the chatter returned and hit full volume after last week ’s Book Expo America in Los Angeles .
The catalyst was Jeff Bezos ’ speech , which let out some tantalizing , yet cryptic information on ebook sales volume at the Kindle store .
The chatter , as reported in the NY Times , has publishers and others speculating that Amazon has sold somewhere between 10,000 – 50,000 Kindles .
I think all the speculations are completely wrong .
By my calculations , combined sales of the Amazon Kindle and the Sony Reader will be 1,000,000 units in 2008 .
This estimate is based on solid data .
The Evidence
Amazon and Sony both use the 6 - inch electrophoretic display ( EPD ) , also known as an e-ink screen .
Both companies buy their EPD ’s from Prime View International ( PVI ) of Taiwan .
DIGITIMES , a daily news service covering the Taiwanese IT market , reported on April 18th , in a story entitled PVI EDP shipments to grow sharply in 2008 , that PVI expects EPD module shipments to reach 120,000 units PER MONTH in the second half of 2008 .
It further explains that the unit price of the screens are $ 60 - $ 70 per unit and that the current volume has been 60 - 80,000 units PER MONTH .
Also intriguing is the article ’s claim that 60 % of the EPDs go to Amazon and 40 % go to Sony .
This is an important factor as it implies that there is a market beyond Kindle – a very , very strong market .
Taking the figures at face value , Sony was selling ( or at least manufacturing ) an average of 28,000 readers per month ( I took 70,000 units as the average sold per month and then 40 % of that ) .
Using this monthly rate , the annual sales of the Sony Reader are at nearly 350,000 units .
Using the same formula , Amazon is ordering an average of 42,000 units per month , which will add up to over 500,000 units sold this year .
With production ramping up to 120,000 units a month these numbers will look much better – to the tune of a combined 1.4 million units over 12 months !
Even with the Kindle out of stock for a big chunk of the first and second quarter , combined sales of these two e-ink devices in 2008 will most likely top 1 million .
If a million devices are out on the street looking to feed , and we know they primarily eat one kind of food , ebooks , then what must this mean for the ebook sales ?
Jeff Bezos said last week that ebook sales in the Kindle store had hit 6 % of book unit sales .
What this means is that of the 125,000 titles available in the Kindle store , the sales of ebooks represented 6 % of the sales of those same 125,000 titles in print formats .
Another interesting thing that Bezos said was that Kindle buyers purchase at a rate of 2.5 times more than print book buyers … food for thought when thinking through your ebook strategy .
One can draw some ebook sales conclusions from this information .
For example , the number 2 seller at the Kindle store is The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch .
According to Bookscan , in 4 weeks this book has sold 784,158 units .
For the sake of argument , lets ascribe 75,000 units ( 10 % of total sales , a reasonable guess ) to Amazon .
If Kindle sales were 6 % , then Amazon would have already sold 4,500 ebooks .
That ’s 4,500 people with Kindles buying a single title in 4 weeks !
While it ’s clearly amazing that in one month an ebook can sell 4,500 units it is not the best way to calculate the ebook sales impact of Kindle and Reader .
A better way to approach this is through good old - fashioned guess - timation .
Taking stock of my own experience and the experiences of others I know , I found that ebook buying on either the Sony Reader or the Amazon Kindle ranges from 5 ebooks to over 100 ebooks .
Assuming that anyone who buys an e-ink ebook reader is doing so to read ebooks , lets assume that 10 ebooks a year is a reasonable purchase estimate .
Using this logic , we should see 10 million ebooks purchased for these two devices in 2008 .
The IDPF estimates that in 2007 ebook sales income was $ 31,800,000 with the caveat that the actual retail income could be as much as double due to retailer discounts , so let ’s assume that the sales actually totaled $ 60,000,000 .
If we use an average retail price of $ 12 per ebook sold , and if consumers will buy 10 ebooks a year , then they will spend $ 120 on average , per device .
That would lead us to $ 120,000,000 in ebook sales for the Kindle and the Reader in 2008 , double all ebook sales in 2007 .
( For those of you who cannot swallow the idea of 10 books purchased per device – cut it in half .
The result is $ 60,000,000 in ebook sales – as much as last year ! )
Success in technology , like everything else , leads to more success .
It ’s not uncommon to see five - fold growth the year following a successful technology product launch .
Think iPod , think Wii , think Blackberry .
Whole micro-economies emerge around products that range from accelerated content creation , and all sorts of aftermarket products and services .
Versions 2.0 and beyond create better and better devices .
The better the devices , the more accessories , the more content there is , and soon a whole world of business opportunity is rolling downhill picking up speed .
With this in mind , I can easily imagine the success of Kindle and Reader dramatically expanding next year and growing by a factor of five .
If that happens , then the excitement of ebooks will also grow and average 20 per year and the formula leads to a completely new ebook economy .
Five million devices and 20 ebooks per device would mean ebook sales of $ 1,200,000,000 , which , by my estimation , is 1.3 % of the current global book market of $ 90,000,000,000 .
This reminds me of a comment I heard from a music industry executive at a conference a couple of years ago .
“ One day there was the iPod and iTunes .
The next day 20 % of our business was digital .
The day after that more than 50 % of our revenues came from digital music .
Yeah , we believe in digital music now . ”
I personally do n’t see publishing becoming a 50 % digital business as books and cd’s are completely different animals .
But I sure can see that the 3 % – 4 % I once predicted is n’t such a crazy notion any more .
And yes , I believe in ebooks .
Evan Schnittman is OUP ’s Vice President of Business Development and Rights for the Academic and USA Divisions .
His career in publishing spans nearly 20 years and includes positions as varied as Executive Vice President at The Princeton Review and Professor at New York University ’s Center for Publishing .
He lives in New Jersey with his wife and two children .
From Push to Nudge : A Q&A With the Authors of the Latter
“ ‘ Libertarian paternalism ’ is just the sort of phrase that makes me stop paying attention , ” Levitt recently blogged .
But he ( and I ) could n’t stop reading about it in Richard Thaler ’s and Cass Sunstein ’s book , Nudge , which uses urinals , ABBA , and Homer Simpson ( and cutting - edge research ) to argue that by simply giving more thought to the way they present choices to people — or “ nudging ” — choice architects can preserve freedom of choice while dramatically influencing the choices people make .
Here ’s an excerpt :
Think of Mr. Spock of Star Trek fame as someone whose Reflective System is always in control …
In contrast , Homer Simpson seems to have forgotten where he put his Reflective System …
One of our major goals in this book is to see how the world might be made easier , or safer for the Homers among us ( and the Homers lurking somewhere in each of us ) .
Sunstein and Thaler have agreed to answer our questions — individually at first and then jointly — about the book .
Q : You talk about heuristics and decision - making biases which influence most people ’s thinking .
Which heuristic or bias has taken you for a ride ?
Are we as a society more or less vulnerable to heuristics than we were 20 years ago and why ?
CASS : The one that has most gotten to me is the availability heuristic , which means that people assess probabilities by asking whether examples easily come to mind .
For about two years after 9/11 , I was scared to fly , even though I knew , from my own work , that the risks were really low .
And after a bad incident with Chinese food ( I have a severe shrimp allergy , and the vegetarian dish contained shrimp ) , I have been ridiculously nervous about shrimp hiding somewhere in Chinese food .
Fortunately , I am also subject to optimistic bias — with respect to just about everything — and so I now fly contentedly and eat Chinese food happily if sometimes a bit warily .
I do n’t know if our society is more vulnerable to bad heuristics and errors than it was 20 years ago .
Certainly there ’s a lot of vulnerability to those things , but the same as been true for a very long time .
RICHARD : We both fall prey to the perils of inertia , in part because we are busy and disorganized .
Perhaps that is why we spend so much time in the book talking about ways in which things can be made “ automatic . ”
Q : You use the term “ libertarian paternalism ” to describe “ nudges ” that agents of change ( or choice architects ) can use ( without using force or removing options ) to influence people to make better choices while still preserving their freedom to choose .
What ’s the most ingenious nudge you ’ve found yourself influenced by ?
Are you as influenced by nudges as others are ?
What factors can make us more immune to nudges ?
CASS : My most ingenious nudge is : automatic payment of bills .
I used to pay late , a lot of the time , through sheer inertia .
Now I do a lot better on that count .
And sure , I am influenced by nudges , especially in the form of visible chocolate things in cafeteria lines and at airports .
The best inoculation against bad nudges is to stay away from them — to find some way to tie yourself to the mast .
Ulysses was a good , early behavioral economist .
RICHARD : I spent a few months visiting the new business school at the University of California in San Diego this winter .
When you approach the building from the parking lot , the first thing you reach is a staircase .
The elevator is another 50 feet away .
I used that nudge to encourage me to walk up the stairs to my fourth floor office .
I am proud to say that I never once took the elevator , even if my backpack was heavy .
Q : When does a nudge risk becoming a shove and how do you avoid crossing that line ?
A : There is no bright line here .
A nudge clearly becomes a shove when it is mandatory , but the harder it is to opt out , the more a nudge turns into a shove .
We have tried to devise policies where the costs of opting out are small , and in some cases we suggest strategies we call “ one - click paternalism ” because you can opt out with one mouse click .
If you have to fill out a long form to opt out , then that can become pretty burdensome .
Both of us are horrible form filler - outers and so we are sensitive to the shove - like potential of paperwork .
Q : Is there a situation where it would be imperative to shove instead of nudge .
How would you , as a libertarian paternalist , justify such a situation ?
A : When children and third parties are at risk , mandates and shoves may be OK .
We are not opposed to mandatory vaccination laws , in part because those who do n’t get vaccinated endanger others .
Many antipollution laws are fine too .
A full answer here would point to the costs of bargaining : when people ca n’t contract their way to a sensible outcome , because of collective action problems and a lack of information , the argument for a mandate gets stronger .
Shoves that are n’t that big an intrusion , such as mandatory seatbelt laws , are OK too , if they can be shown to save a lot of lives .
But generally , we like freedom of choice .
Q : Can even the most well - intentioned nudges produce unintended consequences ?
A : Yes — consider the case of organ donations , which you have blogged about .
In the U.S. people have to take some action — such as filling out a form and signing the back of their driver ’s license — to become organ donors .
But some European countries have adopted “ presumed consent ” under which people are assumed to be willing to be donors unless they have signed some form .
The evidence shows that this policy produces more organ donors .
However , one unintended consequence is that family members may be more willing to overrule the wishes of the ( deceased ) donor if those wishes were merely implicit ( that is , the donor did not opt out ) rather than explicit .
A policy in this domain that we find appealing is “ mandated choice . ”
Under this plan when you apply for a driver ’s license you would be required to check one box or the other .
This solves the unintended consequences problem , and is probably politically more acceptable since some people have strong feelings about this issue .
Q : One important role of choice architects is setting default options — or defining what happens when people do nothing .
How can something so seemingly innocuous be so important ?
A : Two reasons .
One involves suggestion :
If the default rule favors savings , or organ donation , you might think , “ Umm , someone smart decided that this rule makes sense , ” — or , “ well , most people are probably doing that , so I should too . ”
The other reason involves inertia .
We think that many people follow the “ yeah , whatever ” heuristic , especially when they have many things to do .
One of us ( Sunstein ) subscribes to lots of bad magazines because of that heuristic .
He has n’t bothered to cancel them .
Q : You write that human brains function either on their more deliberate and self - conscious Reflective System or their intuitive , rapid Automatic System ( Homer Simpson ) , and that voters seem to primarily rely on the latter .
( So much so that it ’s possible to predict the outcome of elections by testing automatic responses . )
Can you make any predictions about the presidential election based on which candidate has more “ automatic appeal ? ”
A : We are betting on the guy from Illinois — the one who used to teach at the University of Chicago Law School .
Admittedly , we might be biased , but we have seen first hand the way people immediately relate to him , and that should help .
Also , it is important not to push this evidence too far .
Although initial impressions are important , certainly many voters do use their reflective systems to consider each of the candidates with care .
We think the country is lucky to have three smart candidates who can give voters plenty to think about .
Q : You tout libertarian paternalism as a promising foundation for bipartisanship .
How , exactly , does it bring Democrats and Republicans together ?
A : Democrats want to use government power to make people ’s lives go better ; Republicans respond that people know more than politicians do .
Republicans like to maintain free markets ;
Democrats respond that free markets can get people into trouble .
We think that both might be able to agree that nudging can maintain free markets , and liberty , while also inclining people in good directions .
Examples include the Save More Tomorrow plan ( by which employees agree to devote some of their wage increases to savings ) , and automatic enrollment plans , ( by which employees are assumed to want to enroll in standard savings programs ) .
Save More Tomorrow and automatic enrollment are helping people to have a lot more money for their retirements .
Both Republicans and Democrats gave enthusiastic support to a provision in the 2006 Pension Protection
Act that gave employers a small nudge to adopt these policies .
We also like the idea of a Greenhouse Gas Inventory ( G.G.I. ) , by which major contributors to climate change would have to disclose their emissions .
The G.G.I. would impose no regulatory mandate , but it would probably do some real good .
Q : What , in your opinion , has been the most valid critique of Nudge and how did you respond ?
A : We are probably not the best judges of what the most valid critique of the book is .
We think , for example , that the pictures of the authors could have been more flattering .
But this is another case where our own biases might possibly be playing a role .
What we can say is what the most frequent criticism of our earlier work on the topic has been :
Many critics from the right have repeatedly reminded us that government officials can also be subject to decision making biases , and might well be captured by special interests .
Needless to say , the thought that public officials , even at the very highest levels of government , might not be the brightest bulbs in the universe has occurred to us .
We have several responses to this concern .
On the point that choice architects are human , we of course agree , but first , we stress that — as Adam Smith made clear — there are gains from specialization .
It is possible for the government to hire a competent expert to design a choice environment in which individuals have an easier time making good decisions .
Second , we remind people that it is often impossible to avoid choosing some specific choice architecture .
For organ donations , we need some rule — be it opt in , opt out , mandated choice , or flip a coin .
It is important to stress that we do not advocate a larger role for government .
We advocate a smarter role , and one that makes the lives of the citizens easier and better .
Q : In the book , you describe how nudges can solve the mortgage crisis , fix Medicare , overcome the fight for gay marriage , and address other hot - button issues .
Which of these proposed nudges is most likely to catch on and why ?
A : We think our mortgage and credit proposals have a good chance of catching on .
The basic idea is that people should get clear disclosure — through a kind of “ simplified transparency ” — which would allow them to see how much they ’re paying .
We believe that the trick is to require firms to disclose their prices via electronic files that could be uploaded into private web pages that would compare offerings .
This policy has become necessary because the world has become so much more complicated .
It used to be that all mortgages were 30 - year , fixed - rate with 20 percent down .
Now mortgages vary along dozens of dimensions .
Even most economists find choosing a mortgage extremely difficult , so it is not surprising that many of the homeowners now in trouble did n’t understand all the terms of the loan they were taking .
We ’re also pretty enthusiastic about the prospects for a Greenhouse Gas Inventory .
Q : How did you nudge people to read your book ?
A : Mostly by trying to write a book that is fun and easy to read .
We had a rule when writing the book : if either of us found something boring , we took it out !
We also tried to offer occasional humor , sometimes stealing lines from Homer Simpson , who suffers from every bias we know about .
We spent more time than most authors worrying about the cover .
We hope that the mother elephant nudging the baby elephant is a friendly , engaging image .
Finally , having a one word title should make it easy to remember the title of the book .
Hint : it is Nudge .
If this discussion has inspired a nudge idea , pitch it to Cass and Richard on their blog .
Bush set to veto $ 300 billion farm bill Pelosi , Republicans from farm states join forces to drum up support for an override
###Live Caption : Agriculture Sec. Ed Schafer speaks during the International Symposium on Agroterrorism in Kansas City , Mo. , Thursday , April 24 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Orlin Wagner ) ###Caption History : Agriculture Sec. Ed Schafer speaks during the International Symposium on Agroterrorism in Kansas City , Mo. , Thursday , April 24 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Orlin Wagner ) ###Notes : Ed Schafer ###Special Instructions : less ###Live Caption : Agriculture Sec. Ed Schafer speaks during the International Symposium on Agroterrorism in Kansas City , Mo. , Thursday , April 24 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Orlin Wagner ) ###Caption History : Agriculture Sec. ... more Photo : Orlin Wagner Photo : Orlin Wagner Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Bush set to veto $ 300 billion farm bill 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Administration officials have dashed hopes among farm - state lawmakers from both parties that President Bush will sign a nearly $ 300 billion farm bill that they finished Thursday .
The veto warning sets up an effort by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , joined by many farm - state Republicans , to override a veto and defend government payments to farmers earning record incomes even as food prices soar .
Administration officials said the bill , which would set U.S. food policy for the next five years , is loaded with budget gimmicks that disguise a $ 20 billion increase in spending .
" At a time of record farm income , Congress decided to further increase farm subsidy rates , qualify more people for taxpayer support , and move programs toward more government control , " Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer said .
Schafer dismissed lawmakers , including Republicans , pushing to override the veto .
" The same people stand up and say they 're against corporate welfare and tax cuts for the rich , " he said .
" I have visited face to face with our president and he was direct and plain .
The president will veto this bill . "
Lawmakers have wrestled for months to expand subsidies to farmers while also boosting conservation and nutrition programs - plus creating first - ever supports for California 's fruit and vegetable growers - to get a bill that can appease everyone and ostensibly meet budget limits .
Income limits
House Agriculture Committee Chairman Colin Peterson , D - Minn. , and other farm - state lawmakers hailed as a historic reform a new ban on government payments to farmers who earn more than $ 750,000 a year and landowners who more earn than $ 500,000 .
But Ferd Hoefner , policy director of the Sustainable Agriculture Coalition , said that under the proposed new limits , a married couple could earn up to $ 2.5 million and still qualify for government farm payments .
Most of the spending in the bill goes to food stamps , school lunches and other nutrition programs that will receive a $ 10.4 billion increase .
Farm subsidies will cost about $ 40 billion a year , Peterson said .
Other provisions boost protection for sugar producers , expand tax breaks for thoroughbred racehorses and add subsidies for several crops , all part of an effort to corral support from a broad swath of lawmakers , each with their own interests .
Republican lawmakers from the House and Senate Agriculture committees met with Bush at least twice over the last week to urge him to sign the bill , which lawmakers think is an election - year bonanza for both parties .
Subsidy reform
Bush allied instead with a coalition of environmental , overseas development and taxpayer groups pushing for greater reform of farm subsidies , which affect U.S. diets and promote greater concentration of agriculture among large producers .
Bay Area farm and food groups wanted to shift money away from payments to big grain producers and direct policy to support more nutritious and locally grown foods and more environmentally friendly farming practices .
" Faced with a mounting food crisis at home and abroad , Congress had the opportunity through the farm bill to shift funds from wasteful agricultural subsidies for large - scale farms to food aid to meet the needs of the poor , " said Raymond Offenheiser , president of Oxfam America , an overseas poverty and development group .
" But instead , congressional leaders settled on a bill that will continue to be costly to taxpayers , undermine our rural economy , damage our trade relationships and hurt the world 's poorest farmers . "
Pelosi has relied on Peterson , a staunch supporter of subsidies , to shepherd the bill through Congress , hoping to aid Democrats in rural districts .
Pelosi said Thursday the bill contains " significant reform " in farm supports and praised the $ 1.3 billion lawmakers said they included in marketing aid to fruit and vegetable growers , which she said is " a special interest to me in California . "
She said her chief interest was the increase in spending on food stamps , food banks and other nutrition programs .
The bill was mostly hammered out over months of negotiations in a closed - door conference committee and primarily among farm - state lawmakers .
Negotiators bent over backward to preserve crop subsidies and add a big new " permanent disaster " program , while doling out money to appease environmental and nutrition interests .
Some environmental programs were targeted to save money , though overall spending on conservation spending increased .
California Sen. Barbara
Boxer became so concerned about several environmental provisions that she put a hold on the bill last week , blocking action , said her spokeswoman Natalie Ravitz .
" As pieces started to leak out of the conference committee we became more and more concerned , " Ravitz said .
These included changes to a Wetlands Reserve Program in the Sacramento area to protect migratory bird flyways and a provision on pesticides that could have had the federal government discouraging the use of safer pest - management approaches such as organic farming and integrated techniques that rely on crop rotation and other natural methods of control .
Hold was effective
Blocking the bill " put out a message about how serious we were , and we got their attention , " Ravitz said .
Peterson had tried to put payment limits and other restrictions on conservation programs , drawing a parallel between crop subsidies and conservation .
Environmental groups objected , arguing that conservation programs have a public benefit , whereas payments to growers of corn , wheat and other subsidized crops have no public benefit and may do considerable public harm .
Boxer largely blocked Peterson 's effort .
She also secured a new research program for honeybees and other pollinators in sharp decline , though the program will require funding .
Boxer , who has taken the hold off the bill , said she was pleased that the negotiators restored several of the environmental provisions .
" We need to encourage , not restrict , participation in conservation programs such as those that help us restore and protect our wetlands , clean our air and conserve and improve our water resources , " Boxer said .
will be back in October 2020
Follow us on Facebook or Twitter for more information ( links below ) .
How my mother 's fanatical views tore us apart
She 's revered as a trail - blazing feminist and author Alice Walker touched the lives of a generation of women .
A champion of women 's rights , she has always argued that motherhood is a form of servitude .
But one woman did n't buy in to Alice 's beliefs - her daughter , Rebecca , 38 .
Here the writer describes what it was like to grow up as the daughter of a cultural icon , and why she feels so blessed to be the sort of woman 64 - year - old Alice despises - a mother .
The other day I was vacuuming when my son came bounding into the room .
' Mummy , Mummy , let me help , ' he cried .
His little hands were grabbing me around the knees and his huge brown eyes were looking up at me .
I was overwhelmed by a huge surge of happiness .
Maternal rift : Rebecca
Walker , whose mother was the feminist author of The Color Purple - who thought motherhood a form of servitude , is now proud to be a mother herself
I love the way his head nestles in the crook of my neck .
I love the way his face falls into a mask of eager concentration when I help him learn the alphabet .
But most of all , I simply love hearing his little voice calling : ' Mummy , Mummy . '
It reminds me of just how blessed I am .
The truth is that I very nearly missed out on becoming a mother - thanks to being brought up by a rabid feminist who thought motherhood was about the worst thing that could happen to a woman .
You see , my mum taught me that children enslave women .
I grew up believing that children are millstones around your neck , and the idea that motherhood can make you blissfully happy is a complete fairytale .
Family love ?
A young Rebecca with her parents
In fact , having a child has been the most rewarding experience of my life .
Far from ' enslaving ' me , three - and - a - half - year - old Tenzin has opened my world .
My only regret is that I discovered the joys of motherhood so late - I have been trying for a second child for two years , but so far with no luck .
I was raised to believe that women need men like a fish needs a bicycle .
But I strongly feel children need two parents and the thought of raising Tenzin without my partner , Glen , 52 , would be terrifying .
As the child of divorced parents , I know only too well the painful consequences of being brought up in those circumstances .
Feminism has much to answer for denigrating men and encouraging women to seek independence whatever the cost to their families .
My mother 's feminist principles coloured every aspect of my life .
As a little girl , I was n't even allowed to play with dolls or stuffed toys in case they brought out a maternal instinct .
It was drummed into me that being a mother , raising children and running a home were a form of slavery .
Having a career , travelling the world and being independent were what really mattered according to her .
I love my mother very much , but I have n't seen her or spoken to her since I became pregnant .
She has never seen my son - her only grandchild .
My crime ?
Daring to question her ideology .
Well , so be it .
My mother may be revered by women around the world - goodness knows , many even have shrines to her .
But I honestly believe it 's time to puncture the myth and to reveal what life was really like to grow up as a child of the feminist revolution .
My parents met and fell in love in Mississippi during the civil rights movement .
Dad [ Mel Leventhal ] , was the brilliant lawyer son of a Jewish family who had fled the Holocaust .
Mum was the impoverished eighth child of sharecroppers from Georgia .
When they married in 1967 , inter-racial weddings were still illegal in some states .
My early childhood was very happy although my parents were terribly busy , encouraging me to grow up fast .
I was only one when I was sent off to nursery school .
I 'm told they even made me walk down the street to the school .
Alice Walker believed so strongly that children enslaved their mothers she disowned her own daughter
When I was eight , my parents divorced .
From then on I was shuttled between two worlds - my father 's very conservative , traditional , wealthy , white suburban community in New York , and my mother 's avant garde multi-racial community in California .
I spent two years with each parent - a bizarre way of doing things .
Ironically , my mother regards herself as a hugely maternal woman .
Believing that women are suppressed , she has campaigned for their rights around the world and set up organisations to aid women abandoned in Africa - offering herself up as a mother figure .
But , while she has taken care of daughters all over the world and is hugely revered for her public work and service , my childhood tells a very different story .
I came very low down in her priorities - after work , political integrity , self - fulfilment , friendships , spiritual life , fame and travel .
My mother would always do what she wanted - for example taking off to Greece for two months in the summer , leaving me with relatives when I was a teenager .
Is that independent , or just plain selfish ?
I was 16 when I found a now - famous poem she wrote comparing me to various calamities that struck and impeded the lives of other women writers .
Virginia Woolf was mentally ill and the Brontes died prematurely .
My mother had me - a ' delightful distraction ' , but a calamity nevertheless .
I found that a huge shock and very upsetting .
According to the strident feminist ideology of the Seventies , women were sisters first , and my mother chose to see me as a sister rather than a daughter .
From the age of 13 , I spent days at a time alone while my mother retreated to her writing studio - some 100 miles away .
I was left with money to buy my own meals and lived on a diet of fast food .
Sisters together
A neighbour , not much older than me , was deputised to look after me .
I never complained .
I saw it as my job to protect my mother and never distract her from her writing .
It never crossed my mind to say that I needed some time and attention from her .
When I was beaten up at school - accused of being a snob because I had lighter skin than my black classmates - I always told my mother that everything was fine , that I had won the fight .
I did n't want to worry her .
But the truth was I was very lonely and , with my mother 's knowledge , started having sex at 13 .
I guess it was a relief for my mother as it meant I was less demanding .
And she felt that being sexually active was empowering for me because it meant I was in control of my body .
Now I simply cannot understand how she could have been so permissive .
I barely want my son to leave the house on a play - date , let alone start sleeping around while barely out of junior school .
A good mother is attentive , sets boundaries and makes the world safe for her child .
But my mother did none of those things .
Although I was on the Pill - something I had arranged at 13 , visiting the doctor with my best friend - I fell pregnant at 14 .
I organised an abortion myself .
Now I shudder at the memory .
I was only a little girl .
I do n't remember my mother being shocked or upset .
She tried to be supportive , accompanying me with her boyfriend .
Although I believe that an abortion was the right decision for me then , the aftermath haunted me for decades .
It ate away at my self - confidence and , until I had Tenzin , I was terrified that I 'd never be able to have a baby because of what I had done to the child I had destroyed .
For feminists to say that abortion carries no consequences is simply wrong .
As a child , I was terribly confused , because while I was being fed a strong feminist message , I actually yearned for a traditional mother .
My father 's second wife , Judy , was a loving , maternal homemaker with five children she doted on .
There was always food in the fridge and she did all the things my mother did n't , such as attending their school events , taking endless photos and telling her children at every opportunity how wonderful they were .
Alice Walker 's iconic book was made in to a film in 1985 , and starred Whoopi Goldberg and Margaret Avery ( pictured )
My mother was the polar opposite .
She never came to a single school event , she did n't buy me any clothes , she did n't even help me buy my first bra - a friend was paid to go shopping with me .
If I needed help with homework I asked my boyfriend 's mother .
Moving between the two homes was terrible .
At my father 's home I felt much more taken care of .
But , if I told my mother that I 'd had a good time with Judy , she 'd look bereft - making me feel I was choosing this white , privileged woman above her .
I was made to feel that I had to choose one set of ideals above the other .
When I hit my 20s and first felt a longing to be a mother , I was totally confused .
I could feel my biological clock ticking , but I felt if I listened to it , I would be betraying my mother and all she had taught me .
I tried to push it to the back of my mind , but over the next ten years the longing became more intense , and when I met Glen , a teacher , at a seminar five years ago , I knew I had found the man I wanted to have a baby with .
Gentle , kind and hugely supportive , he is , as I knew he would be , the most wonderful father .
Although I knew what my mother felt about babies , I still hoped that when I told her I was pregnant , she would be excited for me .
' Mum , I 'm pregnant '
Instead , when I called her one morning in the spring of 2004 , while I was at one of her homes housesitting , and told her my news and that I 'd never been happier , she went very quiet .
All she could say was that she was shocked .
Then she asked if I could check on her garden .
I put the phone down and sobbed - she had deliberately withheld her approval with the intention of hurting me .
What loving mother would do that ?
Worse was to follow .
My mother took umbrage at an interview in which I 'd mentioned that my parents did n't protect or look out for me .
She sent me an e-mail , threatening to undermine my reputation as a writer .
I could n't believe she could be so hurtful - particularly when I was pregnant .
Devastated , I asked her to apologise and acknowledge how much she'd hurt me over the years with neglect , withholding affection and resenting me for things I had no control over - the fact that I am mixed - race , that I have a wealthy , white , professional father and that I was born at all .
But she would n't back down .
Instead , she wrote me a letter saying that our relationship had been inconsequential for years and that she was no longer interested in being my mother .
She even signed the letter with her first name , rather than ' Mom ' .
That was a month before Tenzin 's birth in December 2004 , and I have had no contact with my mother since .
She did n't even get in touch when he was rushed into the special care baby unit after he was born suffering breathing difficulties .
And I have since heard that my mother has cut me out of her will in favour of one of my cousins .
I feel terribly sad - my mother is missing such a great opportunity to be close to her family .
But I 'm also relieved .
Unlike most mothers , mine has never taken any pride in my achievements .
She has always had a strange competitiveness that led her to undermine me at almost every turn .
When I got into Yale - a huge achievement - she asked why on earth I wanted to be educated at such a male bastion .
Whenever I published anything , she wanted to write her version - trying to eclipse mine .
When I wrote my memoir , Black , White And Jewish , my mother insisted on publishing her version .
She finds it impossible to step out of the limelight , which is extremely ironic in light of her view that all women are sisters and should support one another .
It 's been almost four years since I have had any contact with my mother , but it's for the best - not only for my self - protection but for my son's well - being .
I 've done all I can to be a loyal , loving daughter , but I can no longer have this poisonous relationship destroy my life .
I know many women are shocked by my views .
They expect the daughter of Alice Walker to deliver a very different message .
Yes , feminism has undoubtedly given women opportunities .
It 's helped open the doors for us at schools , universities and in the workplace .
But what about the problems it 's caused for my contemporaries ?
What about the children ?
The ease with which people can get divorced these days does n't take into account the toll on children .
That 's all part of the unfinished business of feminism .
Then there is the issue of not having children .
Even now , I meet women in their 30s who are ambivalent about having a family .
They say things like : ' I 'd like a child .
If it happens , it happens . '
I tell them : ' Go home and get on with it because your window of opportunity is very small . '
As I know only too well .
Then I meet women in their 40s who are devastated because they spent two decades working on a PhD or becoming a partner in a law firm , and they missed out on having a family .
Thanks to the feminist movement , they discounted their biological clocks .
They 've missed the opportunity and they 're bereft .
Feminism has betrayed an entire generation of women into childlessness .
It is devastating .
But far from taking responsibility for any of this , the leaders of the women 's movement close ranks against anyone who dares to question them - as I have learned to my cost .
I do n't want to hurt my mother , but I can not stay silent .
I believe feminism is an experiment , and all experiments need to be assessed on their results .
Then , when you see huge mistakes have been paid , you need to make alterations .
I hope that my mother and I will be reconciled one day .
Tenzin deserves to have a grandmother .
But I am just so relieved that my viewpoint is no longer so utterly coloured by my mother's .
I am my own woman and I have discovered what really matters - a happy family .
Baby Love : Choosing Motherhood After A Lifetime Of Ambivalence by Rebecca Walker was published by Souvenir Press on May 8 , £ 15 .
Google , tomorrow , opens up the Moscone Center for the Google I/O conference with about 100 technical sessions designed to educate the developers of the world interested in making their applications ready for the Web Platform .
I got the opportunity last week to speak to Kevin Marks ( Google Developer Advocate ) , who took the time to speak a bit about the Google I/O conference , what attendees can expect ( particularly on the social track ) .
The goal of OpenSocial and all this support for Google developers is to really develop the social web , which is part of the larger goal of growing the web as a whole .
Any user of Twitter does n't need me to re-iterate this , but a good chunk of having a successful social app strategy is being able to scale those applications .
It is n't coincidence , then that Google is going to be playing up during the I/O conference their cloud computing solution in the Google App Engine .
One of the announcements that will be made at the conference is the pricing schedule for additional space on the service :
Free quota to get started : 500 MB storage and enough CPU and bandwidth for about 5 million pageviews per month
$ 0.10 - $ 0.12 per CPU core - hour $ 0.15 - $ 0.18 per GB - month of storage $ 0.11 - $ 0.13 per GB outgoing bandwidth $ 0.09 - $ 0.11 per GB incoming bandwidth
LG Korea has Unveiled two desktop PCs the XPion R10MP and S10MP .
One is in a Slim case and the other is a standard case .
the XPion R10MP and S10MP were equipped with 1TB ( one trillion bytes ) of HDD .
2GB of DDR3 RAM , an Intel Core 2 duo E8300 Processor , an Intel P45 chipset , 512MB Video Memory ( VRAM ) , Nvidia GeForce 8500G graphics card with HDMI , 14 - in - 1 card reader , and DVD writer DVD±R / RW / DL .
go down for more pictures .
David Iglesias is an evangelical , Hispanic Republican — yes , that one , the former U.S. attorney for New Mexico — and he has positive things to say about Barack Obama .
I interviewed Iglesias the morning after Obama became the presumptive presidential nominee of the Democratic Party : “ Obama represents all the promise of America , that a biracial man from a broken family can rise and have a strong shot of becoming our next president . ”
Asked if he ’s endorsing Obama , Iglesias replied : “ I ’m not endorsing anybody .
Our country has elected white males from northern European countries going back now 230 - or - so years .
This finally represents that the top position in American government is really open to everyone , and I think that ’s sending a powerful message not only to Americans , but throughout the world . ”
While Iglesias does not dislike John McCain , his own party ’s nominee , his comments bear directly on strategy for a campaign of Obama versus McCain .
As the Puerto Rican primary results suggested , Obama still has to make major inroads into the Latino community .
Iglesias ’ home state , New Mexico , is a “ majority minority ” state — that is , people of color outnumber whites in the state ( others include California , Texas and Hawaii ) .
Iglesias represents another population at play in this election : disaffected Republicans .
In his new book “ In Justice : Inside the Scandal That Rocked the Bush Administration , ” Iglesias paints a picture of a highly politicized U.S. Department of Justice , allegedly following Republican Party strategy to prosecute people accused of voter fraud in cases where voter registrations could be seen to help Democratic candidates .
Iglesias was not prosecuting these alleged voter - fraud cases , which did not sit well with New Mexico Republicans .
Al Gore won New Mexico in 2000 by a mere 366 votes , and George Bush edged out John Kerry there in 2004 by about 6,000 votes .
New Mexico is definitely a swing state .
Congresswoman Heather Wilson barely held on to her congressional office in 2006 .
Every vote counts in New Mexico , and the Republicans know it :
All three House seats are up for grabs in November , along with the Senate seat being vacated by Pete Domenici .
Wilson is giving up her House seat to run for his .
While the voter - fraud cases that riled the Republicans were not solid cases , Iglesias explained to me voter - suppression tactics that concern him , those that benefit Republican candidates .
Chief among them is “ vote caging , ” which Iglesias says “ is when you send voter information to a group of people that you have reason to believe are no longer there , such as military personnel who are overseas , such as students at historically black colleges .
When it comes back as undeliverable , the party uses that information to remove that person from the voter rolls , claiming they are no longer there .
It is a reprehensible practice .
I had never heard of it until after I left office . ”
Iglesias predicted that the Republican Party will be reined in as a result of the U.S. attorney firing scandal :
“ I hope the media keeps shining the spotlight on groups like the American Center for Voting Rights , which has been engaging in this type of voter - suppression action , especially targeting the elderly people and minorities .
If you are an American citizen who is not a felon , you have the right to vote .
I would just hope that in swing states like Missouri , Wisconsin , New Mexico and a handful of other states , that the Democratic Party and the media really keep a lot of pressure on this . ”
David Iglesias ’ father is a Kuna Indian from Panama .
David grew up in Panama , Oklahoma and New Mexico .
This once rising star of the Republican Party has much to teach all parties in this crucial , volatile political season .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on 650 stations in North America .
Her third book , “ Standing Up to the Madness : Ordinary Heroes in Extraordinary Times , ” was published in April 2008 .
visualize .
translate .
illuminate . persuade .
We can jump in and get started at any stage :
I agree with Jim Manzi that this sounds kind of crazy .
Now imagine that we set up a hedge fund with $ 100 m from investors on the normal terms of 2 per cent management fees and 20 per cent of the return above a benchmark .
We put our $ 100 m in Treasury bills yielding 4 per cent .
We also sell 100 m covered options on the event , which nets us $ 10 m .
We put this $ 10 m , too , in Treasury bills , which allows us to sell another 10 m options .
This nets another $ 1 m .
Then we go on holiday .
There is a 90 per cent chance that this bet will pay off in the first year .
The fund then grosses $ 11 m on the sale of the options , plus 4 per cent interest on the $ 110 m in Treasury bills , for a handsome 15.4 per cent return .
Our investors are delighted .
Assume our benchmark was 4 per cent .
We then earn $ 2 m in management fees , plus 20 per cent of $ 11.4 m , which amounts to over $ 4 m gross .
Whatever subsequently happens , we need never give this money back .
The chances are nearly 60 per cent that the bad event will not occur over five years .
Since the fund is compounding at a rate of 11.4 per cent a year after fees , we will make well over $ 20 m even if no new money is attracted into this apparently stellar enterprise .
In the long run , however , the bad event is highly likely to occur .
Since we have made huge profits , our investors have paid us handsomely for the near certainty of losing them money .
The immediate response may be that so naked a scam is inconceivable .
Well , imagine a fund that leverages investors ’ money by borrowing massively in short - term money markets in order to purchase higher - yielding paper .
Assume , again , that the premium gives a correct estimate of the risk .
With sufficient leverage , this fund , too , is likely to make profits for years .
But it is also very likely to be wiped out , at some point .
Does this strategy sound familiar ?
It certainly should by now .
Not the basic underlying point , which I thoroughly endorse : there were a lot of people over the last decade or so who decided that they were geniuses because they made money for a few years .
What they were really doing was levering up and massively underestimating the risk of failure .
This is , in my opinion , a general truism about human nature : if our decisions have good outcomes , we tend to assume that this is due to our native genius .
We entirely discount the role of luck , aka random chance .
The more our decisions pay off , the more confident we come , and the bigger bets we are willing to make -- and then , the deluge .
But while I agree that many money managers were foolish and overconfident in their rather modest abilities , I do n't see how you can cast it as a morality play .
The only hedge funds I 'm familiar with structure the compensation so that it is very hard to make much money if your clients lose it .
That 's not really surprising , since the clients of hedge funds are generally not gullible widows investing their meagre savings with a smooth - talking stockbroker ; they 're very rich people , or institutional investors .
Those people tend to be at least somewhat familiar with the incentive problem created by guaranteeing that your fund manager makes money regardless of whether you do .
Also , most of the hedge fund managers I 've met have a substantial portion of their own wealth tied up in the fund -- it 's very hard to get people to invest in your fund if you wo n't .
They not only are n't minting money off a fund that blows up ; they 're likely to lose a considerable portion of their net worth .
Now , it 's not as if I 've done a representative survey of hedge funds or anything , so I 'm open to being told I 'm wrong .
But I 'd be very surprised to hear that it was so .
DISAPPROVAL MARK SET DISAPPROVAL MARK SET WASHINGTON  President Bush has set a record he'd presumably prefer to avoid : the highest disapproval rating of any president in the 70 - year history of the Gallup Poll .
In a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll taken Friday through Sunday , 28 % of Americans approve of the job Bush is doing ; 69 % disapprove .
The approval rating matches the low point of his presidency , and the disapproval sets a new high for any president since Franklin Roosevelt .
The previous record of 67 % was reached by Harry Truman in January 1952 , when the United States was enmeshed in the Korean War .
Bush 's rating has worsened amid " collapsing optimism about the economy , " says Charles Franklin , a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin - Madison who studies presidential approval .
Record gas prices and a wave of home foreclosures have fueled voter angst .
Bush also holds the record for the other extreme : the highest approval rating of any president in Gallup 's history .
In September 2001 , in the days after the 9/11 attacks , Bush 's approval spiked to 90 % .
In another record , the percentage of Americans who say the invasion of Iraq was a mistake reached a new high , 63 % , in the latest poll .
Assessments of Bush 's presidency are harsh .
By 69 % - 27 % , those polled say Bush 's tenure in general has been a failure , not a success .
Low approval ratings make it more difficult for presidents to maneuver , limiting their ability to get legislation passed or boost candidates in congressional elections .
" The president understands war and the slowdown in the economy weigh down public opinion , but the situation in Iraq is improving and the economy is about to get a big boost from the stimulus package , " said White House spokesman Scott Stanzel .
Bush has had dismal ratings through most of his second term .
His approval rating has n't reached as high as 50 % since May 2005 .
He 's been steadily below 40 % since September 2006 .
Views of Bush divide sharply along party lines .
Among Republicans , 66 % approve and 32 % disapprove .
Disapproval is nearly universal — 91 % — among Democrats .
Of independents , 23 % approve , 72 % disapprove of the job he 's doing .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Scott McClellan 's book has started some extremely interesting conversations .
His allegations are not especially important by themselves , mainly because it is easy to suspect ulterior motives .
A number of critics have noted he has no natural allies in Washington and could not expect a soft landing at a lobbying firm or think tank ; the only way for him to cash in is with blockbuster sales .
Another reason could be self - justification , which may well be one of the few high growth areas created by the current administration .
The broad contours of this Presidency are clearly visible now , and even the most blinkered partisans know the judgment of history will be extraordinarily harsh .
As an amusing consequence there is already a budding industry of entertaining attempts to show how successful it has been ( or will be ) .
For example , Ross Douthat floated a trial balloon suggesting that if Iraq is not a complete hellhole thirty years from now the conventional wisdom will be to credit the forty third President .
It was almost immediately swatted down and then essentially retracted ( via ) .
All I can add to the discussion is to refer you to John Maynard Keynes .
In any event , McClellan is not a very persuasive messenger .
His argument that being caught up in the " permanent campaign " attitude in the White House does not hold up very well considering that he will not now admit to any wrongdoing .
Dan Froomkin pointed back to a very ugly press briefing where McClellan defended an administration claim of authority to torture .
When pressed he implied those opposed to it were against the administration " doing all [ they ] can to protect the American people " .
Those are not the words of a stooge or a useful idiot , they are the words of an enthusiastic and dutiful propagandist .
He now writes how senior officials " allowed me , even encouraged me , to repeat a lie " .
He claims they used him to launder their untruth , and he was nothing more than the ventriloquist 's dummy through which their disguised voices passed .
He himself had no agency ; all he could do is uncritically repeat the breezy assurances he was given .
His unconvincing rationalizations point to an important truth , though .
And that truth is , fear dominates our nation 's capitol .
Press coverage has noted his reversal on criticism in hindsight .
As press secretary he said of Richard Clarke 's book , " [ i ] f he had such grave concerns , why did n't he come out with them sooner ? "
Now people are asking the same of him , and his answers do not have the ring of truth .
He was no unwitting dupe - he knew the concerted effort to push certain parts of the case for war , ignore inconvenient aspects of it and present dramatic claims from dubious sources like Chalabi and Curveball amounted to a propaganda campaign designed to deceive the American people .
His knowingly restricting his scope does not absolve him of what he did out of ( at best ) pure ignorance .
No , he knew what he was doing , and he kept on doing it for a very different reason .
Thankfully some have started to notice .
The administration has successfully intimidated the most important parts of the Washington D.C. establishment .
Those who work in the chain of command in the executive branch know that if they do not follow the party line they will be dismissed .
Those who are uncomfortable being apparatchiks eventually leave , but they know speaking out will provoke a fierce response ( as McClellan is now finding out ) .
The Democrats control Congress but have shown no willingness to force a showdown over any of the administration 's broad claims of authority , and with all due respect to Marcy Wheeler I do n't see Henry Waxman gearing up for a game of Constitutional hardball .
Even though they could forcefully push back against an unpopular lame duck President , they are afraid to .
Major media outlets spiked stories critical of the White House and admitted a reluctance to even try because " it 's live , it 's very intense , it 's frightening to stand up there " .
Knight Ridder ( now McClatchy ) was an admirable exception to the trend and is the only outlet to credibly argue it was not ruled by timidity .
And last week we saw the latest example of what happens when someone resigns and speaks out .
Within the administration , throughout the executive and legislative branches , in the press - the word is out .
Speak up and your job , reputation and employment prospects may be ruined .
There is no bubble , no Constitutional roadblock , no lack of solid evidence .
There is just pure , unvarnished fear .
Advertisements
The desperation of Hillary Clinton knows no limits , as today in Hendersonville , NC she continued to try to make her mythical gas tax holiday the centerpiece of her attacks against Barack Obama , “ We have a choice .
We can choose to have you continue to pay the federal gas tax this summer or we can choose to try to make the oil companies pay it out of their record profits .
This is the kind of choice that I believe we should be trying to make , because I know where I stand and I know where my opponents stand . ”
She continued with her faux populist rhetoric , and tried to label Obama as a friend of the oil industry .
“ Senator Obama does n’t want us to take down the gas tax this summer and Senator McCain wants us to , but he does n’t want to pay for it .
I believe we should impose an excess profits tax on the oil companies .
They have record profits that they frankly are just sitting there counting because they are not doing anything new to earn it ; they are just taking advantage of what is going on , ” Clinton said .
She went on to label herself as one of us , fighting against the bad guys , “ We ought to say :
Wait a minute , we ’d rather have the oil companies pay the gas tax than the drivers of North Carolina , especially the truck drivers , or the farmers , or other people who have to commute long distances . ”
Advertisements
The problem with Clinton ’s argument is that she completely ignores the fact that a gas tax holiday wo n’t solve anything .
Remember , this is the same Clinton who wants to create jobs and spend billions on infrastructure .
Well , where does the money come from for road and bridge infrastructure repairs ?
You guessed it , the federal gas tax .
How is Clinton going to pay for her new programs and eliminate the federal gas tax even for the summer ?
A gas tax holiday does n’t solve the problem related to our energy crunch , and it actually creates more problems by lowering the price of gas , and encouraging consumption .
On top of this , it takes money out of the treasury that needs to be used for infrastructure .
This is such a bad idea on so many levels , but desperate candidates usually make desperate proposals when the end is near .
Clinton quotes :
http://www.hillaryclinton.com/news/release/view/?id=7467
This program is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the PHP License as published by the PHP Group and included in the distribution in the file : LICENSE
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful , but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY ; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
If you did not receive a copy of the PHP license , or have any questions about PHP licensing , please contact [ email protected ]
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
“ You need to talk about your feelings . ” “ Do you want to talk about it ? ” “ We need to talk . ”
Whether it ’s the aftermath of a failed relationship or the horrors of a school shooting , Americans do like to talk about things .
Talking , we feel , is healthy .
Talking will help us heal .
But a study from the University of Buffalo suggests that talking ’s not the panacea we seem to think it is .
Psychologists there have found that people who do n’t discuss their feelings after a tragedy actually fare better than those who do .
Less than a week after the European Commission released its vision of development cooperation , Piebalgs stressed that investment in social sectors is critical for sustained growth and poverty eradication .
“ In the EU Agenda for Change , we have made clear that health and education is a priority and at least 20 per cent of ODA [ official development [… ]
Whaddya mean " BE the cheezburger " ??
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
With a nationwide average gas price of just about $ 4 a gallon , lots of people are thinking there must be something the government can do to help .
Some things which contribute to high gas prices are largely out of the government 's control .
OPEC will produce as little oil as it sees fit , largely independent of any U.S. intervention .
Developing nations will continue to subsidize gas prices , helping their growing economies and keeping demand high .
Areas where the government can help , like a big push into alternative energy , more drilling in the United States , or a jump in fuel efficiency standards , will take years to materialize .
Even then , any price decline is likely to be small .
As consumers scramble to adjust their lives to deal with high gas prices , experts debate what the government can do to help in the short term .
It 's unclear if any of the ideas being discussed will work .
Some say Americans will just have to deal with $ 4 gas and learn to use less of it .
Short - term fixes
Tax oil companies more , give the money to motorists .
This idea is a central part of Barack Obama 's energy platform .
The candidate would impose a windfall profits tax on the big oil companies whenever oil crossed the $ 80 a barrel mark .
The cash would be given to low income people to help them offset their energy costs .
Other proposals in the Senate include selling rights to emit greenhouse gasses - known as carbon credits - and giving the proceeds to all households making under $ 100,000 a year .
But opponents say raising taxes on oil companies will result in less oil production , and ultimately lead to higher prices .
If the government did n't tax oil companies and simply borrowed the cash , that would only hurt the dollar , and send oil prices higher .
more
Limit oil speculation .
Many people believe oil speculators are essential to a properly functioning market .
But some say they have too much free rein and should be subject to greater restriction .
" The amount of money going into oil speculation is driving the price , " said Judy Dugan , research director at Consumer Watchdog .
Dugan is calling for increasing the amount of money oil investors need to put up to buy contracts .
She also wants more disclosure of trading positions held in overseas or electronic markets .
Dugan may be on to something .
The Commodities Futures Trading Commission recently said it is requiring greater disclosure , and oil prices backed off nearly $ 9 from recent highs .
But opponents urge caution .
They say supply and demand are driving high oil prices .
Fewer speculators in the market , they say , will just make it harder to secure contracts and make it easier for a single player to manipulate prices .
More .
Ease refining restrictions .
Refineries seem to be in a perpetual mess .
They currently have to make over 40 types of gasoline blends to meet clean air requirements in different areas .
They are also only running at about 85 % capacity .
Easing clean air requirements or reducing the number of blends made might bring down prices .
" It 's obviously a trade off with environmental concerns , " said John Kilduff , an energy analyst at MF Global in New York .
" But it might take some of the stress off refiners . "
Dugan is also calling for more information about refiner 's profit margins , and perhaps laws requiring them to make more gas .
But the industry says making all those different blends actually does n't cost that much more money .
And other analysts say refiners are barely turning a profit running at 85 % capacity , as gasoline prices have not risen as much as the price of crude oil .
more
Lift the ethanol tariff .
Ethanol from places like Brazil , made with sugar cane that packs more energy than U.S. corn-based ethanol , is currently subject to a 54 - cent a gallon tariff , designed to protect the domestic ethanol industry from foreign competition .
Since ethanol is a required component in gasoline , critics of the tariff say lifting it would mean cheaper gas for everyone .
But with ethanol making up less than 10 % of the nation 's gasoline supply , any drop in gas prices would likely be minimal .
Open the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
Congress recently directed the Bush administration to stop filling the reserve to the tune of 70,000 barrels a day , or 0.3 % of the nation 's daily oil consumption .
Analysts said the amount of oil involved was too small to have any effect on prices .
They were right : oil prices actually rose following the directive .
Some say releasing oil from the reserve , located in giant salt caverns along the Gulf of Mexico and holding over 700 million barrels of oil , would send a message to traders that the government is not willing to let oil prices go up forever .
But others say the reserve serves an important role as a buffer against supply disruptions from overseas , and traders would bid up prices if the reserve were smaller .
More .
Suspend the gas tax .
This idea was roundly criticized when proposed first by John McCain and later by Hillary Clinton .
Analysts said doing away with the 18.4 cent per gallon federal gas tax over the summer would leave road repair dangerously underfunded , and could even lead to higher gas prices as people drove more .
Still , the idea has it 's backers .
" I thought it maybe was n't a bad idea , " said Kilduff , who noted that eliminating state taxes as well - which currently average an additional 21 cents a gallon - could translate into minor savings for motorists .
More .
Tough love
The fact that these proposals have so many caveats , and would likely bring prices down only moderately or not at all , leaves some analysts saying there 's not much the government can do to lower prices .
High gas prices are here to stay , and consumers are just going to have to bear the burden until they figure out how to use less fuel , they say .
" Like the president said , it 's an addiction , " said Lee Schipper , a visiting scholar at University of California Berkeley 's Transportation Center .
" There 's going to be a time when going cold turkey hurts . "
Moreover , even if the government could lower prices , it might not be in everyone 's long - term interest .
" It 's only when the price is high that people actually do things " to conserve , said Schipper .
" Gas at $ 2 a gallon underprices the real cost to the environment and the nation . "
Gas prices have climbed to record levels .
Are you feeling the pinch ?
Tell us how gas prices are affecting you and what you 're doing to cope .
Send us your photos and videos , or email us to share your story .
Budgens , a London supermarket chain , secretly records biometric facial photos of people who buy cigarettes and alcohol and compares it to a database of known underage buyers , and they 're hoping to link their database with other grocery chains around the country .
This means that just bringing a bottle up to the till means that your likeness and details will be added to a nationwide database , recording your movements and purchasing habits .
They 'll probably be forced to drop the " secrecy " bit in the end , but that will not bring an end to the practice .
Instead , they 'll just put a sign up next to the till saying , " By buying alcohol here , you agree that we can violate your privacy and share your information with anyone we feel like . "
After all , that 's what they do with the CCTV signs in London already .
If successful , it could be rolled out across the country to create a database of youngsters who try to buy alcohol .
The system alerts a cashier if it ' recognises ' someone who has previously been unable to prove they are 18 .
It is believed to be the first time a British retailer has used the technology in this way .
The software takes measurements between key points on the face to make a template of a person 's features that is stored as a " token " .
Customers ' images are monitored and relayed to a control centre to be compared with under - 18s already on record .
Future options include other retailers linking the scheme to their shops to create a giant database .
Link
( Thanks , Frank ! )
To the extent possible under law , Matías Giovannini waives all copyright and related or neighboring rightsexpressed on this blog .
The author asserts his Copyright © 2007 –2012 and retains and reserves all rightson this blog which are not otherwise generated by the waived code .
This work is published from Argentina .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
More than 7,000 facilities , from chemical plants to colleges , have been designated " high - risk " sites for potential terrorist attacks , according to the Department of Homeland Security .
Experts long have worried that U.S. industrial facilities could be used as terrorist weapons .
Next week , the department will send letters to the facilities notifying them that they present the highest potential consequences in the event of a successful terrorist attack , said Robert Stephan , the agency 's assistant secretary for infrastructure protection .
The facilities include chemical plants , hospitals , colleges and universities , oil and natural gas production and storage sites , and food and agricultural processing and distribution centers , Stephan said .
The names of the sites will not be released to the public .
The department compiled the list after reviewing information submitted by 32,000 facilities nationwide .
It considered factors such as proximity to population centers , the volatility of chemicals on site and how the chemicals are stored and handled .
Experts long have worried that terrorists could attack chemical facilities near large cities , in essence turning them into large bombs .
Experts say it is a hallmark of al Qaeda , in particular , to leverage a target nation 's technological or industrial strength against it , as terrorists did in the September 11 terrorist attacks
The department said Friday that the list is the first step in its plan to reduce the consequences of an attack .
It first compiled a list of approximately 320 " chemicals of interest " and determined what amounts of each chemical should raise concerns , Stephan said .
Then came the consequence analysis , which examined where a facility was and the expected impact of a chemical release or an explosion , Stephan said .
" We looked at how the chemicals were packaged for storage , how they were containerized for shipment , " he said .
" Could the chemicals be taken off - site by one person with relatively little effort , or would they require a crane or some type of giant vehicular conveyance ? "
The 7,000 facilities will have 90 days to conduct " site- specific " assessments of security vulnerabilities .
In the coming months , the department will conduct additional assessments , divide the facilities into four tiers and help the plants develop security plans .
First will be Tier 1 , consisting of plants with the biggest potential for disaster , Stephan said .
It will then check to ensure that they are complying with the security plans , he said .
The regulations address a variety of factors , including fencing , background checks of employees and restrictions on who can enter plants , Stephan said .
" I want to put enough complexity into the mix that al Qaeda will go somewhere else , " he said .
" I 'm trying to complicate these guys ' lives . "
Stephan said the agency is trying to address three threats posed by chemical facilities : the possibility of hazardous materials leaks , fires and explosions ; the possibility that materials could be stolen and used elsewhere ; and possibly dangerous contamination of chemicals .
Critics of the process said the government should require industry to move to fewer hazardous chemicals .
They also say the department is relying on information provided by industry , instead of independently gathering information .
Stephan acknowledged that the information came from the facilities , but said there are " significant penalties " for providing false or incomplete information .
One critic said Friday that the chemical security law is flawed because it does not include nuclear plants , which are regulated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , or water treatment facilities .
Many or most of the nation 's 3,000 drinking water facilities use chlorine gas , which puts " millions of people at risk , " said Rick Hind of the Greenpeace Toxics Campaign .
Hind also faulted the agency 's four - tier system of categorizing risky plants .
He said officials have admitted in the past that 3,400 plants pose a risk to 1,000 or more people , but only 100 plants would make the top tier .
Hind said that all 3,400 plants belong on the top tier , since 1,000 casualties " we think is a 9/11 - magnitude " consequence .
All About Terrorism • U.S. Department of Homeland Security • Al Qaeda
SAN FRANCISCO --
On the same day
activists scaled the Golden
Gate Bridge protesting China 's policies in Tibet ,
presidential hopeful Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , called on President Bush to boycott the opening ceremony for this summer 's Beijing Olympics .
In making her statement Monday , Clinton cited China 's reaction to recent protests in Tibet and its lack of action in the troubling Darfur region of the Sudan .
" The violent clashes in Tibet and the failure of the Chinese government to use its full leverage with Sudan to stop the genocide in Darfur are opportunities for Presidential leadership , " Clinton said in a statement .
" These events underscore why I believe the Bush administration has been wrong to downplay human rights in its policy towards China .
At this time , and in light of recent events , I believe President Bush should not plan on attending the opening ceremonies in Beijing , absent major changes by the Chinese government . "
Clinton 's Democratic presidential rival , Barack Obama , said
he too was disturbed by events in Tibet and had communicated
his concerns to Bush .
But the Illinois senator stopped short of
calling for the president to skip the opening ceremonies in
Beijing .
The California Highway Patrol said authorities would not try to go get the protesters who perched themselves on the Golden Gate Bridge out of concern for their safety .
AP Photo / Paul Sakuma
" The Chinese government must take immediate steps to
respect the dignity , security , human rights and religious
freedom of the Tibetan people , " Obama said .
" If they do not ,
there should be consequences . "
In San Francisco on Monday ,
three protestors hung banners from the bridge 's cables just two days before the arrival
of the Olympic torch in the city .
" They are doing it at all the landmarks in the cities that
are hosting the Olympic torch , " said Tenzing Dasang , a member
of Students for a Free Tibet , an activist group which he said
planned the action .
Wearing helmets and safety gloves , the three apparently
experienced climbers hung the banners between three parallel
red cables after a careful ascent .
Two helpers below on the
bridge were later detained , Dasang said .
" One World , One Dream : Free Tibet , " read one of two
banners , protesting China 's recent crackdown on Tibet .
A second
sign read " Free Tibet 08 . "
Several smaller Tibetan flags
fluttered in the wind .
With the Olympic torch relay headed to San Francisco on Wednesday and with thousands of protesters also expected , USOC chairman Peter Ueberroth is cutting short his stay at the Olympic meetings in Beijing to return to the United States , according to USA Today .
Wednesday , January 31 , 2007
Sure , you Mac switchers already know about Mac OS X Keyboard Shortcuts , mostly using the ⌘ Command Key .
If you 're a typography geek like me , you 'll want to explore all the useful characters ( not commands ) hidden behind the ⌥ Option Key .
⌥ + key produces this : … [ open double quote “ { close double quote ” ] open single quote ‘ } close single quote ’ - en-dash – _ em- dash — 2 trademark ™ r registered ® g copyright © ; ellipsis … / divide ÷ * degree ° R permille ‰ = not equals ≠ + plus minus ± 5 infinity ∞ 8 big bullet • ( small bullet ·
There are some more , but I do n't find them as useful .
The keys probably vary by keyboard type ; I use the US keyboard ( not US Extended , which does n't seem very useful ) .
The best way to learn these is to go into System Preferences → International → Input Menu →
Show input menu in menubar .
Then go to the input menu in the menubar ( a country flag ) → Keyboard Viewer .
Also fun to play with is the Character Palette ; it lets you put in lots more characters , like ☛☆☺⏏℻♪ .
Exactly why these characters even exist in Unicode , I 'll never know .
The typography geek in me says that the ⌥ Option Key is the best thing about switching to the Mac .
Sure , some of you get the AltGr key in Windows and Linux , but I never figured out how to make it work .
On the Mac , the Option key works out of the box , even on the US keyboard .
Update [ 2009-05-09 ] : Recent versions of Linux / X11 can emulate the Mac keyboard setup .
In Gnome , go to Preferences → Keyboard → Layouts , then Add the USA / Macintosh layout , Remove the USA layout .
Then go to Layout Options and set both Windows keys to be “ third level choosers ” .
The Windows key will then act like the Option key on the Mac .
Labels : howto , mac , typography
Amsterdam will be going smoke - free from July 1st , and customers in the famous marijuana - selling coffee shops have been told that they will still be permitted to light up their cannabis joints - but only if they are free of tobacco .
Dominic Hughes reports from Amsterdam .
by hilzoy
From the NYT :
" The Army official who managed the Pentagon ’s largest contract in Iraq says he was ousted from his job when he refused to approve paying more than $ 1 billion in questionable charges to KBR , the Houston - based company that has provided food , housing and other services to American troops .
The official , Charles M. Smith , was the senior civilian overseeing the multibillion - dollar contract with KBR during the first two years of the war .
Speaking out for the first time , Mr. Smith said that he was forced from his job in 2004 after informing KBR officials that the Army would impose escalating financial penalties if they failed to improve their chaotic Iraqi operations .
Army auditors had determined that KBR lacked credible data or records for more than $ 1 billion in spending , so Mr. Smith refused to sign off on the payments to the company .
“ They had a gigantic amount of costs they could n’t justify , ” he said in an interview .
“ Ultimately , the money that was going to KBR was money being taken away from the troops , and I was n’t going to do that . ”
But he was suddenly replaced , he said , and his successors — after taking the unusual step of hiring an outside contractor to consider KBR ’s claims — approved most of the payments he had tried to block . "
The obvious way to read this is as indicating that Halliburton had the connections to block any investigation of its recordkeeping .
And while that 's true , I 'm not sure that 's what 's going on here .
The next paragraph of the NYT story :
" Army officials denied that Mr. Smith had been removed because of the dispute , but confirmed that they had reversed his decision , arguing that blocking the payments to KBR would have eroded basic services to troops .
They said that KBR had warned that if it was not paid , it would reduce payments to subcontractors , which in turn would cut back on services . "
In fact , KBR did at one point threaten to stop providing basic supplies -- little things like food -- to our troops in Iraq .
( I 've put the account of this episode below the fold . )
What that means is , to my mind , even more scandalous than simple corruption by a company with good connections .
It means that we have outsourced absolutely critical functions to private companies , companies which , unlike military personnel , can threaten to stop doing their jobs without facing courts - martial .
In wartime , when a company is doing something as important as providing food to our troops , the military has no choice but to cave to their demands .
( That 's one reason I said it was more scandalous than simple corruption : it virtually ensures that that corruption will occur , while simultanously leaving our troops at risk . )
To my mind , we should not allow any company to assume any critical function in wartime without putting in place some guarantee that it will go on performing that function whether it wants to or not .
If it 's impossible to do that legally , then that function should not be outsourced .
Period .
We cannot allow any private company to threaten to stop supplying our troops during wartime .
But we have .
Last updated at 12:04 14 May 2008
Inventors have created an electric cigarette which gives a nicotine hit while still managing to avoid the smoking ban .
The small white stick , which looks just like a proper cigarette , contains a chamber that vapourises pure liquid nicotine into a puff of steam .
Smokers can inhale the vapours as they would a cigarette smoke and still get the buzz - without taking in any harmful substances .
Scroll down for more ...
Electric cigarette :
It provides a nicotine ' hit ' but gets round the smoking ban
Nicotine is its only ingredient , unlike tobacco alternatives which contain over 4,000 chemicals and tar .
The electric cigarette is battery powered , has a glowing red tip and tastes like the real thing .
Makers claim it can be used inside pubs and restaurants despite the national smoking ban as it has no flame and does not produce smoke .
They also say the cigarette cannot cause lung cancer as it only contains nicotine .
The stick , called Gamucci Micro Electronic Cigarette , uses small cartridges which are filled with the liquid substance .
Scroll down for more ...
Stylish :
The electric cigarette is appealing to the younger generation
There are three types of cartridge , ' low ' which contains six milligrams of nicotine , ' medium ' which has 11mg , and ' high ' which contains 16mg .
A tiny atomizing chamber inside the stick heats up the liquid when the user takes a drag , and within a second reduces it to vapour .
The effects kick - in almost instantaneously and provide a nicotine hit without harmful tar and carcinogens .
Passive smoking is impossible , making it perfect for indoor use .
The Gamucci is on sale via online gadget company I Want One Of Those for £ 49.95 which includes two sticks , five ' high - strength ' cartridges and a mains charger .
But it is only available to people aged 18 or over and is not suitable for pregnant or breastfeeding women .
Scroll down for more ...
Rechargeable : The ' cigarette ' can be used again and again
Tim Booth , founder of I Want One Of Those , said : " The Gamucci can be used by anyone who enjoys having a cigarette with a pint in the pub .
" It does n't have a flame and does n't produce smoke or harmful chemicals yet still gives people a nicotine hit .
" The Gamucci contains a small 3.7 volt battery and atomizing chamber where you can plug in a nicotine cartridge .
" Sucking on the Gamucci triggers the atomizing chamber to heat up .
" This chamber gets very warm very quickly and reduces the nicotine to a vapour which can then be inhaled .
" The nicotine hit can be felt by the smoker almost immediately , just like a tobacco cigarette .
" The Gamucci gets rather warm to the touch but the vapour cools by the time it reaches the mouth - it is not like boiling steam .
" It tastes like a tobacco cigarette and the tip glows red when you take a draw .
" The Gamucci is charged up using a mains charger and it will last all day for a fairly heavy smoker .
" The purchase price includes two cigarettes so you can have one on charge at home while you take the other one to work .
" We are not selling it as an aid to give up smoking as 50 per cent is addiction to the nicotine and 50 per cent is addiction to the actual physical habit .
" But it works for smokers who do not have the will power to give up .
" It is not harmful to them or to the people around them - there is no worry of passive smoking so it should not be effected by the ban .
" Obviously some restaurant or pub proprietors may not let you use a Gamucci as they might still feel that it is a cigarette as it looks like one .
" At the end of the day it is up to them but technically it does not produce smoke so is therefore not a cigarette . "
I Want One Of
Those does not currently stock refill cartridges but they can be bought directly from Gamucci 's website .
A pack of five , which is the equivalent of 100 tobacco cigarettes , costs 6.99 pounds .
Simon Clark , director of pro-smoking campaign group Forest , believes the Gamucci is a good idea however he believes smokers may miss lighting a real cigarette .
He said : " Anything that offers people more choice has to be a good thing .
" I 'm sure there is a market for the Gamucci but I do not know how big it will be .
" People often over - look the fact that smokers enjoy the whole ritual surrounding cigarette such as taking one out of a packet , lighting it and then smoking it .
" These rituals are very much part of the appeal . "
Gamucci's next venture is cartridges that are flavoured with mint , apple , cherry , chocolate and coffee .
They will either come in either ' high ' strength nicotine or nicotine - free .
sudo rpm - Uvh http://ftp.freshrpms.net/pub/freshrpms/fedora/linux/9/freshrpms-release/freshrpms-release-1.1-1.fc.noarch.rpm
sudo yum install nvidia- x11 - drv
sudo init 1
[ nareshv@fallenAngel ~ ] $ cat /etc/X11/xorg.conf
# nvidia-xconfig : X configuration file generated by nvidia-xconfig
# nvidia-xconfig : version 1.0 ( buildmeister@builder3 ) Wed Jun 13 18:39:30 PDT 2007
# Xorg configuration created by system - config - display
Section " ServerLayout "
Identifier " single head configuration "
Screen 0 " Screen0 " 0 0
InputDevice " Keyboard0 " " CoreKeyboard "
InputDevice " Synaptics " " CorePointer "
EndSection
Section " Files "
ModulePath " /usr/lib/xorg/modules/extensions/nvidia "
ModulePath " /usr/lib/xorg/modules "
EndSection
Section " Module "
Load " glx "
Load " extmod "
Load " dbe "
EndSection
Section " InputDevice "
Identifier " Keyboard0 "
Driver " kbd "
Option " XkbModel " " pc105 "
Option " XkbLayout " " us "
EndSection
Section " InputDevice "
Identifier " Synaptics "
Driver " synaptics "
Option " Device " " / dev/input / mice "
Option " Protocol " " auto - dev "
Option " Emulate3Buttons " " yes "
EndSection
Section " Monitor "
Identifier " Monitor0 "
VendorName " HP "
ModelName " Unknown "
ModeLine " 1280x800_60.00 " 83.5 1280 1344 1480 1680 800 801 804 828 - hsync +vsync
Option " DPMS "
#[nareshv@fallenangel ~ ] $ gtf 1280 800 60
# 1280x800 @ 60.00 Hz ( GTF ) hsync : 49.68 kHz ; pclk : 83.46 MHz
EndSection
Section " Device "
Identifier " Videocard0 "
Driver " nvidia "
VendorName " NVIDIA Corporation "
BoardName " GeForce Go 7400 "
VideoRam 268435456
EndSection
Section " Screen "
Identifier " Screen0 "
Device " Videocard0 "
Monitor " Monitor0 "
DefaultDepth 24
Option " AllowGLXWithComposite " " True "
Option " AddARGBGLXVisuals " " True "
Option " TripleBuffer " " True "
Option " UseDamageEvents " " True "
Option " UseRandR " " True "
# Option " RenderAccel " " True "
Option " NoPowerConnectorCheck " " False "
Option " RandRRotation " " True "
Option " DynamicTwinView " " False "
Option " OnDemandVBlankInterrupts " " True "
Option " ConnectToAcpid " " True "
Option " EnableACPIHotkeys " " True "
Option " UseEvents " " True "
Option " ExactModeTimingsDVI " " True "
Option " NvAGP " " 0 "
SubSection " Display "
Viewport 0 0
Depth 24
Modes " 1280x800 " " 1024x768 " " 800x600 " " 640x480 "
EndSubSection
EndSection
Section " Extensions "
Option " Composite " " Enable "
EndSection
# mv /usr / bin/ Xorg.0 /usr/bin/Xorg
# modprobe nvidia
# init 5
Nvidia has just released its latest xorg - 1.5 supported drive r. All the Fedora 9 Owners who are eagerly waiting for the latest nvidia driver rejoice !.
Installation of this is pretty easy , just follow these steps .
1. Add Freshrpms to your repository2 .
Install the nvidia driver3 .
Logout of X and go to runlevel 1 or 34 .
Update your
/etc/X11/xorg.conf to make use of new nvidia driver .
( mine is follows ) 5 .
Now follow step - 6 , only if you have renamed the /usr / bin / Xorg as per my previous blog post 6 . Remove the Shell Script7 .
Load the nvidia kernel module8 .
Go to Run level 5 ( GUI ) Now you should have the system using the Latest nvidia driver as the default , with all the compiz , 3d , everything working !
Here is my screenshot of running glxgears with 1600 fpsNow you can start enjoying KDE4 with all the 3d effects !.
Many thanks to nvidia for the much awaited compatibility with xorg - 1.5
At Sierra 's preview event , I got a chance to take a look at an early build of the upcoming Ghostbusters game , in development by Terminal Reality and slated for a Fall release on PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , PS2 , DS and PC .
One of the big things I learned was how involved Dan Aykroyd , who played Peter Venkman in the films , was in the game production .
Apparently it was Aykroyd who got all of the other cast members on board to do the voice - overs , and he was so enthusiastic about the game that he helped name and create specs for many of the game 's weapons , to make sure they sounded and played like something that would have really been part of the franchise .
In fact , Aykroyd is co-writing the entire script with fellow Ghostbusters writer Harold Ramis , so it 's a game adaptation with what look to be strong ties to the original material .
Advertisement
The city of New York plays a major role here , too , and from what I saw and was told , the developers are aiming for a true - to - life NYC that echoes the environment in the films , from indoors to out - the city as a " character , " as the reps said .
They told me they 're aiming for a " seamless " transition between the game 's indoor and outdoor environments .
I also learned why you wo n't get to play as any of the four Ghostbusters .
Advertisement
In the game , you play a new recruit to the team whose primary role is to act as " guinea pig " for all of Egon 's new weapons .
You play as part of a team with the other Ghostbusters , and the reps told me they really want to capture the " comedic timing " of the interaction among the characters - with the player controlling one , it might interfere , as you can probably imagine .
Ghostbusters : The Video Game is set in 1991 , three years after the second film .
The mayor has just been re-elected on a pro-Ghostbusters platform , and he's now funding the team 's latest activities .
However , it looks like the team will end up racking up more in city damages during the poltergeist fights than it earns in fees for eliminating the beasties .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
In the scene I saw , the player and two teammates fought a ghost inside New York Public Library .
That scene alone , the reps told me , had about 4,000 destructible objects inside it , and as items were destroyed , they got sucked into the ghost 's body .
Characters can be created out of physics objects in realtime , the reps explained .
And for every shelf , chair , book and lamp the team bashed up , a little running cash tally in the corner of the screen showed how much dollar damage the player had racked up .
There 's no penalty for this , the reps explained - it 's intended as a fun sort of points system .
Advertisement
New weapons become available from Egon and they can be upgraded and customized using your earnings from successful ghost hunts .
The way the weapons system works , you can see what 's going on on the back of your equipment pack - for example , instead of an ammo system , you watch your heat cylinders and have to take a pause when you overheat .
Keep an eye on it , though , and you can vent it manually .
In another scene , I watched the team battle the iconic Stay Puft Marshmallow Man from inside a city building , escaping out onto the roof to trap little bits of him that had separated off and begun attacking .
When you use your beam to lasso a ghost , the reps said , the teammate AI knows what you 're up to and will provide a trap for you .
Advertisement
I also learned a little bit about how the multiplayer will work on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network - it 's cooperative for up to four players who compete against each other for the leaderboards .
The team also said the PlayStation 3 was the game 's " anchor platform , " and built in Sixaxis controls for the beam weapons on that version .
For the less - powered system , developer Red Fly is preparing a more stylized , cartoon version that 's more mission - based for Wii and PS2 , while the DS version is more focused on being a " throwback to the 90s . "
( We also hear the DS can connect up to the Wii and act as a PKE meter ) .
Each version , I was told , is totally different , but they 're all " by fans , for fans , " as the reps said .
His career illustrates one of the stubborn paradoxes of Hollywood : the film industry loves the myth of the auteur , the rugged individual filmmaker who plays by his own rules , until faced with the reality .
Around the time that “ The Sixth Sense ” was released , this was a particularly potent idea , as studios tried to build brands around star directors like Quentin Tarantino and the Wachowski brothers ( who made “ The Matrix ” ) , hoping their names would sell movies the way Hitchcock ’s once did .
Image
The filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan at his home , which he set up far from Los Angeles , in Malvern , Pa. Credit ... Twentieth Century Fox , via Reuters
But the studios also need to heed the brutal realities of the movie business .
All of these directors have had high - profile stumbles that suggest moviegoers care more about what is on the screen than what is above the title .
And unlike animated brands like Shrek , real - life characters like Mr. Shyamalan can prove difficult to work with .
“ It never really worked , ” argues David Weitzner , the former head of worldwide marketing for Universal and an adjunct professor at the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California .
“ It ’s pomposity on the part of studios to think that the public is going to respond to an advertising message that says to see the film because it ’s from the director of another film .
It ’s stupid and to some degree , it ’s fueled by ego . ”
Even given their limited success with marketing brands , studio marketing departments continue to use the method to sell films .
“ They ’re marketing anything they can find to market because we ’re living in a time where it ’s so competitive and difficult , ” said Michael Taylor , chairman of the film and television production division at the School of Cinematic Arts .
Mr. Shyamalan , who will get his name above the title for “ The Happening , ” still believes that a director ’s name on the marquee  one that is not Steven Spielberg ’s  can sell a blockbuster as easily as a star ’s can .
“ The problem is the assumption that if I am selling the movie  because I ’m selling me  that I ’m being egotistical .
If Will Smith did the same thing , it would be perceived very differently , ” he said .
“ You ’re supposed to be hidden if you ’re a director .
That ’s a rule that who said in the movie business ? ”
Born in India , Mr. Shyamalan was raised in suburban Philadelphia by his parents , both doctors who knew little about the film industry .
He attended the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University , then made two commercially unsuccessful films , “ Praying With Anger ” ( 1992 ) and “ Wide Awake ” ( 1998 ) , before selling his screenplay for “ The Sixth Sense ” to Disney for $ 3 million .
The movie , made for about $ 40 million , grossed more than $ 600 million worldwide .
Description :
She 's back as a redhead this time , but still with the same fantastically round breasts !
Views : 209659 Date : 06/16/08 Favorited : 20
We 've been chronicling our experience and take on Qtrax , a new " free " P2P service that leverages DRM to push ads at users .
Originally slated to launch this last weekend , the whole thing came unraveled when it was revealed that Qtrax did n't even have the licenses it needed to open its doors .
Then they did the inexplicable : they posted the beta client 24 hours ago and opened up the service .
The only problem ?
You can't download or play any music from the service .
You download the client , install it , go through a registration process , and shazzam : hurry up and wait for " Downloads coming soon ! "
Installation was not easy , either .
I cannot determine why , but when Songbird searches my disks for audio tracks to add to its built - in library , it causes my RAID array to flip out .
The test machine was an nForce 4 board with NVIDIA 's RAID , and once Songbird started scanning , Windows Vista and then the NVIDIA monitoring tool both reported that the RAID array was inaccessible .
I then had five minutes of " RAID Access Failure " notifications before it stopped .
Running diagnostics , I could find nothing wrong with the array .
With all that behind me , I hopped on the service to check it out .
Performance was painfully slow ; browsing the Qtrax service via its Songbird - based player application is an exercise in frustration .
In over an hour trying to use the site , I experienced nothing better than a 50 % success rate trying to pull up pages or conduct searches .
It took me 15 tries to " validate " my registration .
" It 's beta , " you might say .
Sure , they call it beta ( version 0.2 ) , but it does n't even begin to work .
How this is meant to generate excitement for Qtrax is beyond me .
It seems like yet another colossal mistake from the Qtrax crew .
The search function , for what it 's worth , did turn up several hits on queries for popular artists .
That 's where the fun stops though , because you can't do anything else with it .
Just before press time , the player reported that there were over 9.6 million songs on Qtrax and more than 18,000 users logged on .
Qtrax claimed that they would have more than 25 million tracks .
Since posting this , the service has gone kaput , reverting back to a generic Oracle Application Server page .
It did this earlier in the day , too , only to return several hours later none the better .
This time , I wo n't be holding my breath for something better to come out the other side .
I can't recall a launch this hyped that failed so miserably in recent years .
None of the key pieces are there — the licenses , playable music , well - tested client code , the web site itself — yet they opened it to the public .
Ernest and Julio Gallo would not be pleased .
What can Russian missile do to the Russian tank ?
We 've seen plenty of promises about water - powered cars ( among other things ) , but it looks like Japan 's Genepax has now made some real progress on that front , with it recently taking the wraps off its Water Energy System fuel cell prototype .
The key to that system , it seems , is its membrane electrode assembly ( or MEA ) , which contains a material that 's capable of breaking down water into hydrogen and oxygen through a chemical reaction .
Not surprisingly , the company is n't getting much more specific than that , with it only saying that it 's adopted a " well - known process to produce hydrogen from water to the MEA . "
Currently , that system costs on the order of ¥ 2,000,000 ( or about $ 18,700 -- not including the car ) , but company says that if it can get it into mass production that could be cut to ¥ 500,000 or less ( or just under $ 5,000 ) .
Head on past the break for a video of car in action courtesy of Reuters .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Tiananmen Square , 1989 Photo : Jeff Widener / AP
For some , the events that occurred in Beijing 19 years ago today have been pushed towards the sidelines of history .
The Great Leap Forward and the consequent famine or the 10 years of the Cultural Revolution were , in purely quantitative terms , much longer and bigger ( including in terms of victims ) that the massacre of protesters on the night of June 3 - 4 1989 .
Besides the economic expansion of the last decades , the Beijing Spring can all too easily take on the aura of a carnival which ended in tragedy and , basically , led nowhere .
Ken Livingstone compared it to the poll tax riot in London , and " friends " of China take care to describe it as the Tiananmen Incident or , at most , as a " clampdown " .
The protesters have been suppressed or forced into exile across the globe , except for those who have come to terms with the regime that rules in the new China ; a few are still in prison .
What happened that night is a non-event as far as the rulers of China are concerned ; commemoration is suppressed and , if it is remembered at all , the occasion is portrayed as a glorious defence of the people 's true interests by the army .
How many people died remains unknown , though what is clear is that most were not students in Tiananmen , but ordinary citizens of the capital trying to stop the armoured vehicles after previous successes at blocking their progress to the square .
Yet June 4 remains a crucial moment in China 's history , as I have sought to show in a new history of China that seeks to link past and present .
The killings of June 4 were enough of a tragedy in themselves .
But , beyond the deaths along the boulevard leading to Tiananmen and then in the square , the outcome of the Beijing Spring confirmed China in a political course which reaches back into distant history , but from which , crucially , Deng Xiaoping and his elderly colleagues decided not to divert 19 years ago .
The patriarch , the ultimate survivor of the Communist system , embarked on the path of economic , market - led reform in 1978 after his victory over Mao 's anointed successor , Hua Guofeng .
While this was hugely successful in one sense , kick - starting the moribund economy and bringing China into the world economic system , it had , by 1989 , aroused widespread resentment bred from the inequality Deng saw as necessary for growth , inflation and corruption .
But there was a more fundamental question : if the Chinese were to be free to run their lives economically , why not politically as well ?
If the command economy was being dismantled , why not the command political system , too ?
The student demonstrators in the square may have lacked a coherent message .
The atmosphere may have taken on aspects of a carnival .
But , underlying it all , was a basic questioning of the right of the Communist Party to exercise monopoly power , a demand for discussion and plurality .
That questioned a tenet of Chinese rule dating back to the First Emperor of 221BC .
The doctrine of legalism - rule by law rather than rule of law - co-existed with the more benevolent strains of Confucianism .
Mao had identified himself with the First Emperor , and in 1980 , Deng and his colleagues were in no mood to cede the authority they had spent all their lives fighting for .
Their decision to declare martial law and send in the People 's Liberation Army was not taken lightly .
As shown in the smuggled - out records in the book , the Tiananmen Papers , they deliberated long and hard , often in deep disgruntlement as they discussed how to deal with the pesky students who could draw on the traditional esteem in which their class was held in China .
Reformists in the leadership , led by the party secretary , Zhao Ziyang , tried to find an accommodation .
By the beginning of June , some student leaders were ready to return to campus and build on the moral victory they had won since launching the protest in mid-April .
But the moderates were overruled on both sides and the tragic result unfolded .
That may say something about the dynamics of a student movement that was poorly co-ordinated and lacked clear , realisable aims - and was filled with its fair share of egos and hotheads .
But it says a lot more about the Chinese leadership , then and since .
The desire for compromise , for understanding , for a peaceful way forward that encompasses as many participants as possible has little or no place in a tradition that , stretching back through the imperial millennia , puts a premium on top - down rule with force always lurking in the background to be used on dissidents who are portrayed as traitors to the received wisdom exercised by the rulers .
Against that , the moderates , were they Zhao or the student leader Wang Dan , could not make reason prevail .
Gathered in Deng 's house as they circumvented the constitution and Zhao Ziyang to impose their will , the elders convinced themselves that the students must be manipulated by foreign enemies and " black hands " operating clandestinely in Beijing - some of those who tried to mediate a settlement found themselves cast into that category and sentenced to long prison terms .
The Mandate of Heaven , in the form of Communist rule , was sacrosanct .
No brick could be removed form the edifice for fear of brining it all tumbling down .
As protest spread to more than 100 cities and the citizens and workers of Beijing rallied in support , the reaction was not to question where the regime might be going wrong , but for the leaders - with the exception of Zhao and his adviser , Bao Tong - to dig in their feet .
When the people of Beijing peacefully stopped the tanks on their first sorties into the city , the consternation in the leadership compound was palpable .
So the hardliners triumphed ; martial law was declared ; Zhao was ousted ; and , on the night of June 3 , the tanks did not allow themselves to be stopped on their way to the square .
That reaction from the top and the regime 's inability to handle protest peacefully made June 4 1989 , a crucial moment in China 's modern history .
Deng could have taken a different decision , to seek a reasonable way forward , admitting criticism and debate to try to solidify a regime which needed to grapple with the wider issues raised by the economic reform he had unleashed .
It would have been difficult and messy , but it was not out of the question , and would have given him a unique place in history .
By putting the primacy of monopoly power first , the aged patriarch closed off a key avenue of potential progress for China and , once he had re-launched his drive for the market in 1992 , gambled all on material progress being sufficient to give the Communist party popular legitimacy .
That has made the people of China far better off , if in a highly unequal manner , and transformed the isolated Maoist state into a global player .
A " China model " has emerged .
People are , individually , far freer than they were under Mao , so long as they are not seen to represent any political threat to the regime .
There is much lively debate in thinktanks and among intellectuals about whether to head right or left economically .
But it all remains cast in the one - party mode .
The " Beijing Coma " cocoon imposed in 1989 remains in place .
That provides the essential context for the burgeoning superpower , and has set China on a path by which it thinks it can defy western nostrums and pursue its own path .
That is why June 4 1989 has to be remembered , not only to honour the dead , but also to understand the rising global power .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Amid increasing public outcry over record - shattering oil and gas prices , senators on Wednesday hauled industry executives in to testify about the recent runup .
The Senate Judiciary Committee called the hearing to explore the skyrocketing price of oil , which jumped over $ 4 a barrel to a new record of over $ 133 .
The committee grilled executives from Exxon Mobil ( XOM , Fortune 500 ) , ConocoPhillips Co. ( COP , Fortune 500 ) , Shell Oil Co. ( RDSA ) , Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) and BP ( BP ) as to how their companies can in good conscience make so much money , while American drivers pay so much at the pump .
" You have to sense what you 're doing to us - we 're on the precipice here , about to fall into recession , " said Sen. Richard Durbin , D - Ill .
" Does it trouble any one of you - the costs you 're imposing on families , on small businesses , on truckers ? "
The executives said it did , and that they are doing all they can to bring new oil supplies to market , but that the fundamental reasons for the surge in oil prices are largely out of their control .
" We cannot change the world market , " said Robert Malone , chairman and president of BP America Inc .
" Today 's high prices are linked to the failure both here and abroad to increase supplies , renewables and conservation . "
Malone 's remarks were echoed by John Hofmeister , president of Shell .
" The fundamental laws of supply and demand are at work , " said Hofmeister .
The market is squeezed by exporting nations managing demand for their own interest and other nations subsidizing prices to encourage economic growth , he said .
In addition , Hofmeister said access to resources in the United States has been limited for the past 30 years .
" I agree , it 's not a free market , " he said .
The executives pushed the idea that large parts of the U.S. that are currently closed to drilling - like sections of Alaska , the Rocky Mountains and the continental shelf - should be opened .
" The place to start the free market is in our own country , " said one executive .
[ The drilling ban ] sets the stage for OPEC to do what we are doing in our own country , and that is effectively limiting supplies . "
John Lowe , executive vice president of ConocoPhillips , said Congress should enact a balanced energy policy .
In addition to lifting the drilling ban , such a policy could include measures to encourage alternative energy sources , remove the ethanol tariff , promote energy conservation , cut regulations around refining .
" We must work together to find a real solution , " said Lowe .
" U.S. oil companies should be viewed not as scapegoats , but as assets . "
The executives also named several things that Congress should not do , first among them being a hike in taxes or an undoing of the mergers of the late 1990s .
" Americans need companies that can effectively compete for access to new resources , " said Peter Robertson , vice chairman of Chevron .
" Punitive measures that weakened us in the face of international competition are the wrong measures . "
The executives also frowned on a recently passed House bill giving the Justice Department the power to sue OPEC , saying it would have little effect in boosting production .
The testimony was colored by a few outbursts of protest from members of the public .
Before the hearing even began , a heckler in the crowd shouted : " Stop ripping off the American public - bring these oil prices down . "
The panel took issue with the amount of money oil firms are investing in finding oil , and investing in renewables .
" You know how much cash you have on hand compared to capital investment , " said Durbin .
" They are begging us for more refineries , for more exploration , when their refineries are only operating at 85 percent . "
Chevron 's Robertson said the issue was n't really one of refining , and more just the price of crude .
We are investing all we can [ in finding new oil ] given the limitations of access and our own human capacity , " he said .
" We have adequate refined capacity , inventories are at an all time high .
The issue is the price of crude . "
Committee Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , likely summed up the feeling of many senators on the panel .
" The people we represent are hurting , while your companies are profiting , " he said .
" We need to get some balance . "
Congress : Familiar ground for execs
The hearing marked the second time in as many months that top oil industry officials have been called before Congress .
In April , roughly the same lineup defended their firms before a House committee .
The hearing was ostensibly called to ask the executives why they needed some $ 18 billion in federal subsidies in light of their record profits , but quickly became a Q&A on bigger questions in the energy business .
Lawmakers criticized the firms for not investing enough in finding new oil and developing renewable resources and told them , in thinly disguised terms , that they'd be forced to enact extra profit taxes if Big Oil continued to post such large earnings .
The oil men said they 're making business decisions in the best interest of their shareholders .
They repeated their often - stated position that the best way to lower prices and bring more oil to market is to open up wide swaths of the U.S. that are currently off - limits to drilling .
Although lawmakers do n't vote on energy issues strictly along party lines , Democrats generally want to increase taxes on Big Oil and use the money to fund renewable energy research .
Republicans generally favor opening up the Alaska Wildlife Refuge , large parts of the Rocky Mountains , and areas off the east and west coast that have been closed to drilling since the 1970s following a public backlash after several big oil spills .
The parties are widely apart on the issues - a Republican effort to expand drilling recently failed in the Senate - and a compromise is not expected soon .
But both the Democrat and Republican proposals are long - term solutions that would have little impact on the nation 's energy picture for several years , if not decades .
In the short run , experts say there 's little politicians can do to bring down the price of gas .
Recent proposals to suspend the gas tax from the Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton and presumed Republican nominee John McCain were roundly criticized for leaving the government with a cash shortfall while possibly encouraging more driving , and by extension higher prices .
A measure to stop filling that nation 's Strategic Petroleum Reserve was enacted last week with wide bipartisan support , but has done nothing so far to stem surging crude prices .
Are you feeling the pinch of gas prices ?
Tell us how gas prices are affecting you and what you 're doing to cope .
Send us your photos and videos , or email us to share your story .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 31 , 2008
Let me see if I got this right .
The Warner Music Group wants you pay for the kid down the street who downloads illegal MP3s .
You will have no choice .
You will be hit with a “ surcharge ” on your monthly ISP bill and , by the way , there will be no opt - in or out option .
Get used to it because criminal gangs in expensive suits run the country .
Caroline McCarthy writes for CNet News :
Hotels tack extra charges onto your bill when you raid the minibar–or if they ’re really mean , when you steal towels .
If a new Warner Music Group executive gets his way , your Internet service provider will be billing you each month for music downloads .
Jim Griffin , Warner ’s latest top - shelf hire and the former head of Geffen Music , told Portfolio.com the details of a radical new strategy to deal with the record industry ’s 21st - century crisis .
According to Griffin ’s plan , to which he said Warner Music is “ totally committed , ” a monthly fee added to an Internet service bill–say , five bucks–could give consumers unlimited access to music that they could download , copy , and share .
He estimated that this could provide as much $ 20 billion per year to reimburse artists and copyright holders .
Griffin did not make it clear whether this would be an opt - in service , or whether customers of an Internet service provider would ideally all be charged even if they do n’t plan to download music .
But , he said , he hopes that it would be much bigger than Warner , with the project eventually spun into its own company .
You know when corporate honchos say they are totally committed , ” they plan to “ lobby ” the government , that is to say spin the turnstile at the corporate whorehouse on the Potomac and throw around a load of money to get their way .
In addition to run of the mill corporate greed , the Warner Music Group wants to make the public pay for the fact CD sales are on the rocks .
The so - called music industry tells us they are losing money because of mischievous downloaders and bit torrent criminals .
In fact , the music industry is losing money because they no longer produce music people want to buy or less people want to buy .
It also does not help that a new CD costs around twenty bucks , a lot of money to shell out for most people .
Music corporations are part and parcel of the monopoly mindset and the best way to hijack your hard - earned money is to pass another law — sort of like the mandatory auto insurance laws — that codifies and legalizes theft .
Of course , you do n’t have to have an ISP and an internet connection , same as you do n’t need a car .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Today a historic moment took place .
The Dutch government acknowledged in its new energy strategy that Dutch natural gas production has passed its peak ( file in Dutch here ) .
Stating that the peak occurred in 2007 / 2008 and the Netherlands will have become a net importer of natural gas by 2025 .
The forecast as presented is quite similar to a forecast I made two years ago which can be viewed here in Euan Mearns ' excellent European Gas overview .
The conclusion I made back then was derived from Dutch gas reserve figures , expected discoveries and the production cap on the Slochteren field .
Dutch gas reserves have been declining since the 1980s .
Figure 2 - Dutch gas reserves and cumulative production from 1965 to 2007 .
Y - axis in billion standard cubic meter of natural gas .
Red is cumulative production and blue are remaning reserves .
As a policy response the Dutch government wants to channel more of its income derived from natural gas production to sustainable energy .
Currently 7 billion euro's a year flow into the pockets of the Dutch government from gas revenues into a specific investment fund .
The fund is currently used for investments in new infrastructure ( mainly roads ) as well as scientific research .
In the future a part should thus also go to energy investments to preserve energy stability for future generations .
Sounds nice but I am skeptical since no hard euro's are mentioned .
The Dutch propose a bilateral oil and gas policy
The Dutch Government also has announced that it wants to strengthen relations with oil - and gas producers in the future .
According to the report there are sufficient oil and gas reserves out there .
For oil even twice as much as has been produced , a highly contested claim .
It is not questioned at all whether actual production can meet demand in the near and long term future .
The Dutch government simply copies the world energy outlook 2007 from the International Energy Agency on the oil - and gas situation .
Namely , there are sufficient reserves but there is a lack of investment to bring these to the market .
According to the Dutch government this should be solved by strengthening relations with current and future exporters .
Especially bilateral relationships with Saudi - Arabia , Kazakhstan , Russia and Algeria need to be improved .
From the rumors I have heard so far , our minister of economic affairs is going on a ' business trip ' to Saudi - Arabia this weekend .
So much for one voice in European Energy Policy ....
Parents who take their kids ' sports too seriously can get out of hand on the sidelines .
What turns otherwise upstanding citizens into loud - mouthed , combative you - know - whats at youth sporting events ?
The worst offenders are ego - driven parents who take personally any slights to their children on the field , new research suggests .
While that might not be a big surprise , the study found the level of rudeness and rowdiness depends mostly on parents ' personality types , and it put some numbers to an issue that had been largely anecdotal .
Overall , about half of the parents in the study reported getting angry during soccer games , and nearly 40 percent of the angry parents made their emotions known .
These sideline expressions ranged from muttering or yelling comments to walking toward the field .
The findings make sense to a psychologist not involved in the study .
" Their own sense of their personal worth gets wrapped up in how their children are doing in these ball games , " said Edward Deci , a psychologist at the University of Rochester in New York .
" And so the parents feel intense , internal pressure to see their kids performing because the kids are like extensions of themselves . "
Soccer moms
Sports psychologists at the University of Maryland Jay Goldstein and Seppo Iso - Ahola surveyed 340 parents before and after soccer games in which their children participated .
The kids were between 8 and 15 years old .
The questionnaires measured , among other factors , stress and pressure , levels of anger and aggression and aspects of their personality related to " what makes them tick . "
The research focused on two personality types : control and autonomy orientations .
( Past research has shown these personality components play a role in road rage . )
" The control - oriented personality is the parent who would be more apt to need to keep up with the Joneses , " Goldstein told LiveScience .
" They feel controlled by external forces . "
These external forces include fame , money and public status , he said .
Individuals who are self - motivated would be considered autonomy oriented , Goldstein said .
About half of the parents reported getting angry during the soccer game , though on average , anger levels were relatively low .
The referee and their child 's team topped the list of sources of anger , followed by rude opponents , hostile remarks or gestures , coaches and illegal play .
Most of the parents ( 61 percent of those who reported getting angry ) kept their anger inside .
Among the nearly 40 percent who expressed their anger , about 19 percent muttered comments ; 10 percent looked away from the field or yelled comments ; about 8 percent stood up from their seats in response to the incident ; while others walked toward or away from the field , made gestures or responded in some other manner .
It 's personal
Parents with the highest scores on control - oriented measures were more likely to view a mishap on the field as a personal affront .
Control - oriented parents were also more likely to get red in the face and behave badly compared with the autonomy parents .
" People who are high in autonomy are generally psychologically healthier , " Deci said , " and so they 're less likely to get bent out of shape if their kids make an error at some sporting activity . "
One caveat was that when the autonomy parents did report taking field events personally , they were just as likely as other parents to fly off the handle .
“ While your personality may buffer you , once you become ego - defensive all bets are off , ” Goldstein said .
What 's going on
While aggression by spectators dates back at least to Roman gladiator times , today more than 40 million American children play competitive sports , according to the National Council of Youth Sports , and parents flock to the sidelines .
That can be a bad combination .
Among the most extreme examples :
In Reading , Mass. , in 2000 a father reportedly beat to death another father while watching their kids ' youth hockey practice game .
Most sideline spats do n't turn lethal .
However , even small doses of parental aggression could take a toll on their children .
" The biggest issue is what do the kids hear ?
If they do hear this , how does it impact them ?
Does it embarrass them ?
Does it make them want to play more or less ? "
Goldstein said .
" If we find that it does impact the kids in a psychological way or [ impacts ] their motivation to continue playing , that will be the wake - up call . "
Anger management
To keep sideline aggression in check , parents will need some self - control .
Goldstein suggests " adult " spectators need to create some emotional distance between themselves and what ’s going on in - play .
" We need to kind of teach people how to monitor themselves in these situations , " Goldstein said .
" No organization , when you sign up your child up for little league or another sport , is going to tell you : ' By the way , you 're going to get angry while watching your child play the game , and here are the steps to help you deal with it . ' "
For parents wondering if they are prone to turning into monsters at youth sports events , Goldstein suggests checking out your driving behaviors .
The underlying psychological mechanism that triggers screaming parents on the sidelines also is responsible for road rage , Goldstein said .
" If you 're the type of person that when you ’re driving becomes angry when someone cuts you off , you ’re the type of parent that ’s going to get angry watching your child play sports , " Goldstein said .
The findings are detailed in the June issue of the Journal of Applied and Social Psychology .
Former anti-terror czar : ' Someone should have to pay ' for Bush administration lies David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday June 6 , 2008
|
Print This Email This The Senate Intelligence Committee has released the long - delayed final phase of its report on prewar intelligence , highlighting the Bush administration 's misuse of that intelligence to lead us into war in Iraq .
Richard Clarke , former counterterrorism advisor to both the Clinton and Bush administrations , appeared on Countdown with Keith Olbermann to discuss the implications of the report .
Clarke stated unequivocally that figures in the administration lied then and that Senator John McCain is not telling the truth now when he defends them .
" Someone should have to pay in some way , " Clarke emphasized .
" I just do n't think we can let these people back into polite society . "
" The report does not use the word ' lie , ' Olbermann began .
" Are there lies ? "
" There certainly are , " Clarke replied .
" This is a big report , but what it says is ' statements by the president were not substantiated by intelligence ... statements by the president were contradicted by available intelligence .
In other words , they made things up ... that people in the intelligence community at the time knew were not true .
...
To say that this is only something we could have known years later is just not true . "
" What are we to make now of Senator McCain 's ... remarkable claim that every intel assessment of the time was screaming ' WMD ' ? " asked Olbermann .
" Senator McCain 's statements are contradicted by the facts , too , " Clarke replied firmly .
" He 's also now justifying the intelligence statements of the president .
...
We have the proof , four years too late , that those statements were flat out wrong . "
" Prominent Democrats said today that impeachment was not a remedy to this , " Olbermann continued .
" Is there some other kind of remedy ? " " There may be some sort of truth and reconciliation commission process , " Clarke said , referring to the system used in South Africa to expose and resolve the atrocities of the apartheid era .
" If you come forward and admit that you were in error ... then you are forgiven .
Otherwise , you are censured in some way . "
" I just do n't think we can let these people back into polite society , " continued Clarke , " and give them seats on university boards and corporate boards and just pretend that nothing ever happened , when there are 4000 American dead and 25,000 Americans grievously wounded .
...
Someone should have to pay in some way for the decisions that they made to mislead the American people . "
Clarke concluded by pointing out that even former White House press secretary Scott McClellan is now expressing remorse for his role in the administration 's deceptions .
" He asked me to forgive him , and I think we do have to forgive people who ask for forgiveness , " Clarke stated .
" But first they have to admit they lied . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast June 5 , 2008 .
Download video
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Facebook says it plans to " set the record straight " A Canadian privacy group has filed a complaint against the social networking site Facebook accusing it of violating privacy laws .
The Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic has listed 22 separate breaches of privacy law in its country .
Clinic director Phillipa Lawson told the BBC that , with more than seven million users in Canada , " Facebook needs to be held publicly accountable " .
Facebook rejects the charge , claiming some of the highest standards around .
The complaint , filed with the Office of the Privacy Commissioner , states that Facebook collects sensitive information about its users and shares it without their permission .
It goes on to say that the company does not alert users about how that information is being used and does not adequately destroy user data after accounts are closed .
Minefield " Social networking online is a growing phenomenon , " said Ms Lawson .
" It is proving to be a tremendous tool for community - building and social change , but at the same time , a minefield of privacy invasion .
" We chose to focus on Facebook because it is the most popular social networking site in Canada and because it appeals to young teens who may not appreciate the risks involved in exposing their personal details online . "
The 35 - page action was lodged after students at the clinic analysed the company 's policies and practices as part of a course this past winter and identified specific practices that appeared to violate the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( Pipeda ) .
Harley Finkelstein , 24 and a Facebook user for the past three years , told the BBC : " A great percentage of Canadians using Facebook are aged between 14 and 25 and that raises vulnerability issues .
" Some 14 - year - old kid might not know that privacy settings exist or how to take advantage of them or appreciate the ramifications of having their private information disclosed to third parties . "
' Industry leading controls '
In a statement , Facebook said : " We pride ourselves on the industry leading controls we offer users over their private information .
We believe that this is an important reason that nearly 40 % of Canadians on the internet use our service .
" We 've reviewed the complaint and found it has serious factual errors , most notably its neglect of the fact that almost all Facebook data is willingly shared by users . "
But Mr Finkelstein disagrees .
" Our investigation found that this is not entirely true , " he said .
" For example , even if you select the strongest privacy settings , your information may be shared more widely if your Facebook Friends have lower privacy settings .
" As well , if you add a third - party application offered on Facebook , you have no choice but to let the application developer access all your information even if they do n't need it . "
" We 're concerned that Facebook is deceiving its users , " said newly signed - up Facebook user Lisa Feinberg , another law student behind the complaint .
" Facebook promotes itself as a social utility , but it's also involved in commercial activities like targeted advertising .
Facebook users need to know that when they 're signing up to Facebook , they 're signing up to share their information with advertisers . "
Publicly accountable The Canadian Privacy Commissioner , Jennifer Stoddart , has a year to act on the CIPPC 's complaint .
The commissioner 's office focuses on negotiation to resolve privacy disputes , but it can seek court injunctions if that fails to resolve the issues .
Ms Lawson told the BBC the clinic 's reasons for going after Facebook publicly were because past issues they have tried to discuss with the company went nowhere : " We do n't see the point in going down that route again .
" Our experience is it gets dragged out and they might make a few changes but they are making representations about their privacy controls and they need to be held accountable .
That would be difficult if we did it through private conversations . "
Facebook said : " We look forward to working with Commissioner Stoddart to set the record straight and will continue our ongoing efforts to educate users and the public around privacy controls on Facebook , including a brochure and video project we have completed with Ontario information and privacy commissioner Ann Cavoukian . "
Shot across bows Facebook has been accused of crossing the line over privacy issues in the past .
Earlier this year , however , the Silicon Valley start - up introduced new tools it said would let users have greater control over their privacy , such as letting only certain groups of friends see their photos and other personal information .
The director of the CIPPC sees their complaint as a shot across the bows of all social networking sites .
Ms Lawson told the BBC the only reason they are focusing on Facebook at the moment is because they did not have the time or resources to look at others : " They are all suspect .
Facebook is the most popular site in Canada and so that is why we looked at it particular but I am hoping to be able to do an analysis of MySpace later this year . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
There is a general consensus in the Agile community on the relevance of cross functional teams and the idea of having generalists and specialists on the team .
Dave Gray , in an interesting diagram on his blog , tries to show the relationship between a generalist and a specialist .
According to Dave , a generalist has a basic understanding across many disciplines .
Generalist may not have a specific skill required to solve the problem , however , he is very good in defining the problem .
A specialist on the other hand is a person who has a deep understanding of a specific discipline .
He is best used when solving a problem or executing a plan .
According to Dave both are required in a project for the successful execution of the project .
JurgenAppelo however , has a strong opinion on the generalist and specialist theory .
In his blog he mentioned that , not only specialists are good , he also discourages any team member in his organization from becoming cross functional .
According to Jurgen ,
Cross-functional teams ( in the way they are promoted by some agilists ) completely ignore everything society has learned since philosopher and economist Adam Smith pointed out in 1776 ( in his landmark book The Wealth of Nations ) that specialization leads to higher productivity and prosperity .
He further added
When the design of a web site is being implemented by a developer , it can bring tears to my eyes .
Some of them seem not to be able to see the difference between a pixel and a centimeter .
I have seen functional designs for web sites , created by software engineers , that would probably have caused physical injuries among our web sites ' visitors , if we had followed the designs .
Jurgen added more weight to his argument when he quoted the book by David J. Anderson
In his book Agile Management for Software Engineering David J. Anderson mentioned research done by Capers Jones which showed that a team of specialists will usually outperform a team of generalists ( page 272 ) .
According to him , the inefficiencies associated with specialists do not outweigh the much bigger inefficiencies of generalists , who are apparently slower at doing their jobs than the specialists are .
On the other hand , some members of the Agile community strongly believe that specialists should be avoided on the teams at any cost .
David Christiansen is of the opinion Generalist first , specialists last .
In response to a question on the composition of a well formed team , he suggested
You should avoid specialists if you can .
They tend to be grumpy one - trick - ponies that are n't particularly interested in developing a good core team .
Besides , they only do certain tasks , eschewing all other work .
Specialists spend a lot of time waiting between tasks that are " appropriate " for their skills , so they are either wasting your project 's money OR only partially allocated .
Both of these situations add risk and invite failure and can cause tricky scheduling dependencies .
Generalists , on the other hand , can add value throughout the entire project lifecycle .
They can help at all phases , which means scheduling is n't such a big deal .
In fact , having a team staffed entirely with generalists can go a long way to eliminating dependencies on your projects critical path .
Scott Ambler takes a middle ground when he suggests that a team should be comprised of generalizing specialists .
One approach is to build a team with some people who are generalists and some who are specialists , the generalists provide the glue within the team and focus on the bigger picture whereas the specialists focus on the detailed complexities of your project .
This works well because the strengths of generalists balance the weaknesses of specialists and vice versa , and it is often quite useful for a generalist to pair with a specialist because of this balance .
A better approach would be to build a team comprised of people who are generalists with one or two specialties -- generalizing specialists .
According to Scott , a generalizing specialist is someone with a good grasp of how things fit together and as a result of this they tend to have greater understanding of what the team is working on .
On similar lines Jeff Atwood , voiced his opinion in favor of generalizing specialists .
According to him too many software developers are burrowing themselves deeper and deeper into the same skill sets and specialties .
Coding is a narrow realm and there is a vast universe of engineering skills , which should be cultivated to become a full rounded software developer .
In conclusion , not all members of the Agile community feel that specialists is the way to go .
Depending on the people and project either a team can have the desired ratio of generalists and specialists or else can aspire for having generalizing specialists who can work together towards the success of the project .
Many tech geeks will often say that their first forays into cyberspace began with a 300 baud modem and a BBS .
I ’m a little younger than that ( finally , I can say that ! ) , but I was an early adopter of social networks from when I first opened my 3.5 ″ floppy of Promenade ( later to be called AOL ) and signed up to use the service .
I used Prodigy , but I never was a fan of the randomly generated alphanumeric username and did n’t stick around .
On the other hand , my first ever interaction on AOL was with someone who was separated from my social network by only one degree .
I was 12 at the time , it was 1993 , and AOL cost $ 5.95 / hour ( after a flat rate of $ 9.95 which included 5 hours of online usage ) .
One morning before school , I logged onto AOL and joined a chat room for the very first time .
It was around 6:20 am ( and it was also 1993 ) , so the rooms were relatively empty with the exception of two other chatty gentlemen .
One was 50 ( as a twelve year old , I actually remember saying “ you ’re old ! ” to him and receiving a shocked response ) , and the other did n’t live further than 20 minutes away from me .
Ironically , he and I attended the same school ( though he was double my age ) and we even had the same teachers .
At that point , I already knew I had a future of doing something online , though as a sixth - grader , I could n’t quite put my finger on it .
( Fortunately for me , while I never met that guy , I met other online friends in real life , as AOL was also safe at the time .
Early adopters are typically normal people ; the network had n’t been infiltrated by people looking to exploit young children until the momentum grew . )
My first social “ network ” was also on AOL .
I became a big fan of playing games ( bingo especially ) at a little hub on AOL called RabbitJack ’s Casino , which was considered a unique community within the AOL borders with a close - knit group of people from all walks of life .
By the time I was fifteen , I had encountered a more diverse crowd than most kids my age .
I still even keep in touch with a few special individuals from those days .
I spent time on AOL as remote staff , growing my connections online ( and some interestingly would later become colleagues ) until I dropped AOL entirely to focus on my studies .
That was almost a decade ago .
Fifteen years have passed , and while much has changed technologically , the concepts that animated web users back in the old days remain as relevant as ever .
Social media was always social , just not with that funny name .
Forums existed well before I was born , after all .
They evolved into sites with graphical interfaces .
Whereas everything used to cost money ( my highest AOL bill was $ 267.48 in 1995 ) , advertisers are now paying for programs so that we can use them and enjoy the applications without shelling out a dime , and web services providers are seeing the value of being free for users by monetizing their sites instead with ad revenue .
At the same time , the concept of “ free ” is empowering individuals to become publishers , as any individual can now harness free software online to create his / her little on place on the web .
Blogs are the new medium for a person to talk about areas in which the individual has exhibited some level of expertise or even to articulate thoughts on subject matters that interest nobody but a small group of people .
The freedom is now in the hands of any consumer with an internet connection and computer .
Traditional media is being rejected as individuals are now often heard ( and sometimes rather loudly ) when they speak .
Radio is being listened to online , and podcasts are popular among technological savvy folks .
Whereas one needed an expensive VHS cassette recorder in 1993 to create a home video , even $ 40 cell phones ( or digital cameras ) can capture quality images and video that can be placed online for a much larger audience than ever before .
It ’s no surprise that everyone ’s aiming for their fifteen minutes of fame ( though they are possibly risking their futures because of that desire ) .
Watching real television online , too , is becoming increasingly more mainstream .
Fifteen years ago , the Yellow Pages in our house was torn and tattered from frequent use .
I was recently cleaning out a cabinet in my apartment and tossed out a 2005 Yellow Pages that was in pristine condition .
Today , search engines answer the questions that phone books needed to solve a decade and a half ago .
Today , Facebook or MySpace will help you locate lost family or reunite with old friends .
Today , you can pull up a map online and print driving directions instead of phoning your desired destination for directions ( and then writing each individual step on paper ) .
Today ’s printers are also faster and more reliable than the dot matrix printers of the nineties .
Today , you ’re not viewed as a geek when you say that you spend a lot of your time online .
In 1999 , when I graduated high school , my last will and testament in my high school year book was “ to have an online wedding . ” ( I did n’t . )
Today , nearly all of my high school friends are online , and most of them maintain Facebook or MySpace accounts .
Computers are getting smaller , cheaper , and more efficient .
Our family ’s first computer ( which was n’t net - equipped ) was an Apple IIgs which my father purchased in 1987 .
The first computer which I could actually call my own was that little IBM PS /1 PC I received at age 12 .
The cost : over $ 4 k for a 386SX / 25 mhz with 170MB of hard drive space , 2MB RAM , a 2400 baud modem , and a 13 ″ monitor .
I ’m typing this blog post on a $ 750 Dell Inspiron 700 m laptop ( which I purchased nearly 3 years ago ) which is lighter than the keyboard I used in 1993 and sports a high resolution despite its 12 ″ screen size .
Beyond a little notebook computer , more and more people are starting to take advantage of mobile technologies , particularly within their cell phones , to create and produce content .
Just a few weeks ago , I wrote a full blog post on my Palm Treo ( though I do n’t recommend it ) ; the Palm Treo has a 2GB miniSD card in its slot , which is 12 times the size of that hard drive I was using in 1993 .
Fifteen years ago , scanners were few and far between , but that ’s what you needed in order to get your photographs to display on your desktop .
Today , digital cameras can be had for as little as a few bucks .
Fifteen years ago , optical media was virtually unheard of and the first consumer - friendly CD - RWs supported up to 650 MB of media ( for a hefty cost ) .
Today , high - definition data means that one can store up to 50 GB of data on a single optical disc of the same exact size .
Zip drives are now obsolete ; the latest trend is the pen drive ( which makes for some great schwag ) .
I also have a confession to make .
Fifteen years ago , h - t - t - p colon slash slash was foreign to me .
( I still slap myself on the forehead when I recall tossing out a magazine from the Compuserve days that featured the best websites of that time . )
I simply did n’t know what http:// meant , as the protocol sounded so … strange .
For me , it was all about keywords and about navigating to content on AOL .
( It was faster for me , anyway . )
Old technologies are n’t dying down ; they ’re just expanding .
Twitter is the new chat room , but IRC still remains a popular choice behind services like Ustream and Y! Live .
Email is still email ( but does n’t cost $ 0.25 to send like it did on Prodigy in the early nineties ) , but now it can be sent and accessed on mobile devices with the click of a button .
For the younger generation , IM is replacing the phone , but for those who ca n’t break old habits easily , the phone is also moving to the computer through services such as Skype .
The technology landscape is changing , but old themes still remain relevant : the internet is a social place that will allow individuals to engage with others and establish new relationships on a common ground .
I just shared my own story about how I got here .
When and how did you make it into the lovely World Wide Web ?
Feel free to add your story to the comments or in your own blog post .
P ohs network of shoppings sites is a network of consumer websites targeted at helping individuals find quality , great prices products in a number of product categories
NEW YORK – John Edwards made a surprise appearance at a politics and technology conference here Monday , when he crashed his wife 's video chat with an audience of hundreds of policy wonks and internet political operatives .
Elizabeth Edwards was being interviewed over Skype from the couple 's home in North Carolina when the former Democratic presidential candidate could be seen walking in with his children , apparently surprised to find wife perched on the edge of her couch answering questions about the role of the internet in the 2008 presidential campaign .
She was being interviewed by New York City entrepreneur Andrew Rasiej , founder of the Personal Democracy Forum .
He gamely sat in front of the webcam himself .
Asked if he thinks the internet is " changing the course of history , " he replied that it 's making an enormous difference , and that it had fundamentally changed the shape of the presidential race and the dynamics of senator Barack Obama 's campaign ( Edwards has endorsed Obama . )
" It is the only reason that Barack Obama is not taking public financing , " he said , looking refreshed and relaxed despite his impromptu interview , " ' cause he has a fund - raising base that 's more grassroots , more smaller donors . "
Edwards walked in after his wife Elizabeth had conducted a wide - ranging interview with Rasiej that covered several subjects .
They included the role of the internet versus mainstream media in providing election - related news and analysis , how effectively the candidates have utilized new media tools ( apart from Republican Ron Paul not very , says Edwards , ) and what Edwards ' opinion is regarding Obama 's decision not to accept public financing .
Edwards also said that she 'd been in touch , and hopes to stay in constant touch with Obama 's healthcare policy team .
Obama 's already proved himself as a grassroots candidate , and does n't need to further make the point by opting for public financing , she said .
In addition , John McCain " is n't exactly in a position to call anyone a hypocrite , " she said , since he 's changed positions on his own policies , such as off - shore drilling .
Edwards said that it would be foolish to assume that voters ' deep dissatisfaction with the state of the economy , the war in Iraq and President Bush would mean an easy victory for Obama .
" I expect we can expect a lot of incoming either from the McCain campaign , or the people affiliated with the campaign , " she said , adding that she anticipates that much of the negative campaigning to happen " under the radar , " and that " a lot of the stuff is occurring on the Net . "
" Even I 'm getting anti-Obama e-mails , and they 're pretty inflammatory " she said .
" I expect some voters are going to be affected by this – so we 're going to have to fight for every vote . "
Venezuela , along with Argentina , Cuba , Ecuador , Nicaragua and Bolivia , criticised the final declaration of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) Summit in Rome on June 5 , arguing that the document failed to identify the true causes of rising food prices , such as agricultural subsidies and unequal trade policies imposed by developed countries .
Venezuelan ambassador to the FAO , Gladys Urbaneja Duran , objected to the document saying it lacked a “ genuine humanitarian spirit ” and aimed to present world hunger as merely a circumstantial crisis , when in reality it reflects a structural problem linked to the capitalist system and its mode of production and consumption .
Urbaneja rejected the position of the US delegation , which claimed the reason for the current food crisis was rapidly increasing demand from India and China , stating “ The main reason is that food has been turned into yet another object of market speculation . ”
According to FAO Director - General Jacques Diouf , between $ 11 billion and $ 12 billion a year is spent on agricultural subsidies and restrictive tariff policies .
In the absence of “ clear commitments ” , the Venezuelan delegate feared that the final declaration could become a “ significant setback . ”
“ We missed an opportunity to take a firm and clear step in the struggle against the scourge of hunger ” , Urbaneja concluded .
( Full )
More posts on The Road about The Global Food Crisis
Source : The Road Daily
Picture courtesy Handicap International , A.Sutton
The Pirate Bay plans to offer encryption services to people who use the BitTorrent tracker site in a direct attempt to combat a new controversial snoop law passed in Sweden last week .
Peter Sunde , who is one of the men behind the notorious tracker site , said in a blog post yesterday :
" Many people have asked me what we ’re planning to do – and the answer is ‘ A lot !’.
We ’re going to help out in any way we can with fighting the law , ” he said .
“ This week we ’re going to add SSL to The Pirate Bay .
We ’re also going to help out making a website about easy encryption – both for your hard drives and your net traffic . ”
Sunde said that The Pirate Bay also plans to lower the price for a system that runs VPN - tunnels and that it will be opened up for international use too .
He also called for ISPs to boycott Sweden .
“ More stuff is planned - together with other people that work against the law we ’ve talked about asking the international ISPs to block traffic to Sweden , ” Sunde said .
“ Yes , that ’s right !
We want Sweden to be banned from the internet .
The ISPs need to block Sweden in order to protect their own customers integrity since everything they do on Swedish ISPs networks will be logged and searched . ”
The Pirate Bay , which is n’t located in Sweden , hopes that wrapping SSL security around its site will add a layer of protection for anxious Swedes worried about having their internet activities snooped on .
Sweden ’s parliament ushered in its contentious wiretapping law last Thursday after the proposal was amended earlier that day .
Under the new law , all communication across Swedish borders will be tapped , and information can also be traded with international security agencies , such as America 's National Security Agency .
On Friday Sweden 's Pirate Party , which strongly defends the BitTorrent site , said it will take Sweden to the European Court of Human Rights because the law is a clear breach of the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms . ®
Korean Boeing was shot down in Karelia , Russia in 1978 , with a lot of civil passengers on - board .
The pilots of the plane had mysteriously altered the route so that came deep inside Russian territory .
Two and a half hours they were escorted by Russian jet fighters not responding to any radio contact or visual contact attempts .
At last the Soviet military commanders ordered to shoot the plane down with as much accuracy as they could do .
The jet plane of Russian army hit the Boeing with a missile cutting off the piece of its wing , so the Korean plane had to land after this .
Two passengers were killed others got wounds as a result of an extremely fast landing to the frozen Russian lake in Karelia , Russia near Kem ’ town .
The first Russian military police group arrived in two hours to the landing site .
They tell that when they entered the plane the strong smell of “ blood , alcohol and human fecal masses ” hit into their noses .
Afterwards the passengers spent three days in the Kem ’ town , Karelia , Russia and were send to Helsinki , Finland on the plane on the fourth day .
The crew was taken to Moscow and was questioned there , but later they returned to Korea .
The plane itself was disassembled to smallest parts and sent to Russian airplane producing factories and research centers , meanwhile the soldiers guarding the site had the first chance in their life to taste Coca - Cola or canned beer and even to read some Playboy .
It was something they never met before in the country beneath the iron curtain .
via webpark.ru
THE honest truth is , for a comedian , even death is just a premise to make jokes about .
I know this because I was on the phone with George Carlin nine days ago and we were making some death jokes .
We were talking about Tim Russert and Bo Diddley and George said : “ I feel safe for a while .
There will probably be a break before they come after the next one .
I always like to fly on an airline right after they ’ve had a crash .
It improves your odds . ”
I called him to compliment him on his most recent special on HBO .
Seventy years old and he cranks out another hour of great new stuff .
He was in a hotel room in Las Vegas getting ready for his show .
He was a monster .
You could certainly say that George downright invented modern American stand - up comedy in many ways .
Every comedian does a little George .
I could n’t even count the number of times I ’ve been standing around with some comedians and someone talks about some idea for a joke and another comedian would say , “ Carlin does it . ”
I ’ve heard it my whole career : “ Carlin does it , ” “ Carlin already did it , ” “ Carlin did it eight years ago . ”
And he did n’t just “ do ” it .
He worked over an idea like a diamond cutter with facets and angles and refractions of light .
He made you sorry you ever thought you wanted to be a comedian .
He was like a train hobo with a chicken bone .
When he was done there was nothing left for anybody .
Description
Byteflow is a blog engine written in Python using Django .
The Byteflow team is proud of our clean codebase , and we are struggling to keep it that way .
This makes it easy for python programmers and those who sympathize to learn the code and add features .
Byteflow has a large feature set , including some capabilities that are not available in most blog engines ( for an example , look at our feed by union of tags ) .
License
This project is released under the BSD License , so you can use and distribute it absolutely for free .
Latest news
( This is only the important news .
For a complete list of changes see the timeline . )
25.05.2009 : 0.7 released .
16.09.2008 : Moved to Django 1.0
Features
Markdown & typogrify for posts and comments
Threaded comments
comments Pingbacks
Directory pings
Automated registration for user after comment posting ( no anonymous users ! )
anonymous users ! )
Registration approval / email change / profile edit
Tags ( and filtering posts by tag )
Display and feeds for intersection of tags ( separated by + ) or for union of tags ( separated by ' | ' )
) or for union of tags ( separated by ' | ' )
Archives by day , month , year
Atom and RSS Feeds for posts , comments , comments for specified post , posts within specified tag .
OpenID client .
Supports multiple OpenID urls attached to single user
OpenID urls attached to single user OpenID server .
Wordpress importer
Gravatar support
Optional WYSIWYG editor in admin part ( for posts , not for comments )
LiveJournal ?
crossposting
XFN support ( for links in blogroll )
Feedburner support
Translations to Russian , German , Hungarian
Image uploading ( and selecting for display in post )
Profile merge
Helps you configure webserver ( see ./manage .py help config )
)
Includes some nice Themes , and you can easily make your own
If you have any questions , you can ask them on jabber or on the mailing list :
[ email protected ] ( logs )
( ) byteflow - users mailing list for byteflow users , english
mailing list for byteflow users , english byteflow - hackers mailing list for byteflow developers
You can access the code here :
Documentation
Documentation is being moved to / docs / in Sphinx .
Do n't hesitate to either send patches for it ( it is stored in the Byteflow repository ) or to edit the wiki ( I 'll correct the documentation accordingly ) .
Installation
Installation tutorials from our community
Coding Guide
Enhancement Guide
Documentation
Sites using byteflow
The first one is piranha 's Amazon Byteflow .
All others see at ByteflowPoweredBlogs
How can you help
There are many ways you can help the project :
It is a great help if you report any bugs or misunderstandings you see by creating a ticket ( see the link at the top of the page ) .
You can post ideas for development to the mailing list .
If you want to contribute code improvements or a theme , just let us know .
If you 'd like to contribute , read ContributionGuide .
An important way of improving Byteflow is to share it with others :
Stack byteflow on ohloh .
net ,
, Link to http://byteflow.su ,
, Let people know that your blog is powered by Byteflow !
Plans ( release )
# 22 Ca n't delete comment from the post page without JavaScript # 53 Plugins system # 60 Tests for everything # 66 JavaScript is needed to preview comments
Plans ( further improving )
# 4 Admin interface # 27 pygments support # 39 Add image thumbnails to posts # 54 Antispam subsystem # 75 Importing framework # 76 Search feature
Plans ( unassigned )
Recently , Crain ’s Chicago Business reported on Chicago winning an award from Fast Company magazine .
“ Chicago stood out in our reporting for its creativity and vitality , ” Editor and Managing Director Bob Safian said at a press conference here .
“ Chicago offers something distinctive . ”
Fast Company
Magazine is representative of much of the media : not much on hard facts about Chicago .
The Windy City has distinctions but not positive ones .
Chicago ’s retail sales tax is the highest in the nation at 10.25 percent .
Unions , high taxes , and political corruption have made Chicago one of the leaders in big city decline .
One of the great modern myths of big city America is that Chicago is some sort of successful town and a role model for others .
By any traditional performance standards Chicago has failed .
Like many old , big industrial cities , Chicago peaked in the 1950 Census with a population of 3,620,962 .
In the 1950s over two percent of the entire U.S. population lived within Chicago city limits .
Over a half century later , while America ’s population doubled , Chicago ’s population declined .
The 1960 , 1970 , 1980 , and 1990 Census numbers showed Chicago losing population .
Mayor Daley and Chicago residents were quite excited about the 2000 Census showing Chicago gaining over 112,000 people ( a growth rate at half the national average for the 1990s ) .
It appears the 1990s were an anomaly for Chicago .
Since the year 2000 , according to Census estimates , Chicago again continued its population decline with a loss of 63,000 from 2000 to 2006 leaving a total of 2,833,321 .
Recently , the Web site Real Clear Politics listed two Chicago area Congressional districts among the country ’s ten fastest - shrinking districts , in terms of percentage of population lost between 2000 and 2005 .
Jan Schakowsky ’s district lost 7.9 percent of its population .
Congressman Rahm Emanuel ’s district lost 5.1 percent .
Though 2000 was a somewhat positive year , that year ’s Census numbers mask some rather disturbing trends .
The white flight out of Chicago continued with 150,000 non- Hispanic white people leaving Chicago from 1990 to 2,000 .
African - Americans , for the first time , began leaving Chicago with a net loss of 5,000 .
The population gain in Chicago during the 1990s was due to Hispanics .
One of the great fables urban lovers of Chicago like to talk about is some comeback of the city .
The comeback , according to this urban legend , involves white families staying in Chicago to raise their children .
With Chicago ’s 150,000 white population decline from 1990 to 2000 : Chicago was only 31.3 percent non-Hispanic white .
What is even more pronounced is the lack of white children in the public school system .
The entire Chicago Public School System is only 9 percent white .
Not a single public high school has a population that is majority white .
Not one .
Recently , the stubborn facts of Chicago ’s population decline made news .
As CBS TV Chicago reported in January of 2008 :
Half - empty schools are ‘ unacceptable ’ because they do n't serve their students or the communities they 're supposed to anchor , Mayor Richard M. Daley said Thursday , setting the stage for the biggest wave of school closings in decades .
Officials contend 147 of 417 neighborhood elementary schools are from half to more than two - thirds empty because enrollment has declined by 41,000 students in the last seven years .
A tentative CPS plan calls for up to 50 under - used schools to close , consolidate with other schools or phase out over the next five years .
Most of the underused schools are on the South and West Sides , often where the student population is largely African - American , and in lakefront neighborhoods that include Lincoln Park , Lake View , Uptown and North Center . ”
The situation is n’t any better in Chicago ’s Catholic School System .
The Chicago Tribune reported on February 27 , 2007 :
Nicholas Wolsonovich , superintendent of schools for the archdiocese , called the exodus from Chicago 's Catholic schools ‘ mind - boggling . ’
In 1964 , he said , some 500 schools were spread across the diocese , with about 366,000 students .
Now , the system has 257 schools and fewer than 100,000 students .
Over the last decade statewide , the number of Catholic schools has dropped from 592 in 1997 to 510 this year , according to figures released at the conference .
Chicago ’s political elite love to give speeches about the importance of public education , but not for their children .
Mayor Daley sent his children to private schools .
Deborah Lynch , the former head of the Chicago Teacher ’s Union , sent her kids to private schools .
America ’s newest political superstar , Barack Obama , sends his kids to private schools .
With the exodus of the rich from Chicago ’s public schools , 69 percent of the children in the Chicago Public School system are poor .
The horrible public schools , high taxes , and crime have driven families out of Chicago .
The city ’s job base cannot compete with anti-union places like Houston and Phoenix .
Chicago used to be the number one convention town in America but Las Vegas and Orlando now lead the pack .
Chicago has lost its top spot as busiest airport to Atlanta .
Chicago 's high priced unions and restrictive work rules have driven business elsewhere .
For decades , Chicago was a major banking center with two major banking headquarters located on LaSalle Street .
Continental Bank and First National Bank of Chicago were always among the top ten largest banks for much of the twentieth century .
No longer .
Continental was purchased by Bank of America while First National Bank of Chicago was purchased by JP Morgan .
Not a single bank in the top 25 largest banks in America is headquartered in Chicago .
While Chicago ’s financial district declines Charlotte , North Carolina has emerged as a bigger banking town .
Charlotte has the headquarters of two of the four largest banks in America : Wachovia and Bank of America .
Other elements of Chicago ’s financial district also show major weaknesses .
Chicago does n’t have one major mutual fund company headquarters .
Chicago ’s mutual fund job base is smaller than Denver , Indianapolis , or Baltimore .
Chicago has a few major hedge funds but nothing like New York City or London .
Chicago is the futures capital of America with the merger of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade but even here the news is n’t all positive .
Computers have shed tens of thousands of jobs in the futures industry .
Futures trading floors are headed for extinction within the next three to seven years , eliminating even more jobs .
Chicago ’s high tax life style has driven businesses and jobs to the suburbs .
Chicago is one ofthe only towns in America with an employee head tax on employment .
Companies with over 50 employees must pay $ 4 a month per employee to the city .
Most of the major corporate headquarters in the Chicago area are located in Chicago ’s suburbs .
Motorola , Walgreens , All State , Kraft , Anixter , Illinois Tool Works , McDonald ’s , Alberta - Culver , and Abbott Labs all have their corporate headquarters outside city limits .
Recently , Chicago got its first Wal - Mart .
In most places in America , politicians allow consumers to decide whether a business should fail or succeed .
In Chicago , with the power of the unions , Chicago ’s city council has made it difficult for Wal - Mart to open up any more stores .
Chicago ’s poor are relegated to paying higher retail prices and have less access to entry - level jobs .
The adjacent suburb of Niles has the unusual distinction of being the only town in America ( with less than 45,000 people ) with two Wal - Marts .
One of the Niles Wal - Marts is located right across the street from Chicago .
The largest employer in the city of Chicago is the Federal government .
Followed by the City of Chicago Public School system .
Other major employers are the city of Chicago , the Chicago Transit Authority , the Cook County government , and the Chicago Park District .
These thousands of government workers provide the backbone of the coalition for higher taxes , generous pensions and “ political stability ” .
Chicago ’s political system is inefficient and costly .
There are no term limits in Chicago .
The Democratic Party has controlled the Mayor ’s office since 1931 ( a big city record ) .
There ’s no opposition : Democrat ’s control 49 out of 50 seats on the city council .
Corruption is everywhere .
Barely a month can go by without a major scandal .
The FBI has the largest public corruption squad in the United States located in Chicago .
Chicago voters do n’t seem to care .
Those who care about high taxes , good public schools , and low crime are a small minority in Chicago .
In conclusion , Chicago ’s long decline continues .
In the coming years , public pension commitments will test even the high tax tolerant Chicago residents .
Look for low regulation , low tax Houston to overtake Chicago in population in the next eight to 15 years .
Rove refuses call to testify under oath Associated Press
Published : Tuesday May 13 , 2008
|
Print This Email This A House Judiciary Committee deadline passed Monday with former White House adviser Karl Rove standing by his refusal to testify about allegations that he pushed the Justice Department to prosecute former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman .
In his latest offer to settle the matter , Rove sent the panel a letter offering to respond to questions in writing , according to his attorney .
But he reiterated that he would not testify publicly and under oath .
Committee leaders did not immediately answer questions about how they will respond .
Earlier this month , they threatened to subpoena Rove if he did not agree to appear voluntarily by Monday .
The dispute is the latest in a standoff between President Bush and Congress over testimony from current and former White House staffers on a variety of issues .
The White House has balked at requests for staff testimony , arguing that the administration has no obligation to respond to congressional demands for the details of internal deliberations .
Democrats say Bush is taking the most expansive view of executive privilege since Watergate and that the executive branch cannot ignore Congress ' demands for information .
The panel is suing to get documents and testimony from former White House counsel Harriet Miers and Bush 's chief of staff , Josh Bolten .
Rove had previously offered to discuss the Siegelman matter with committee members privately , without a transcript and not under oath .
Judiciary Democrats balked , saying it would not create a clear record and would not be sworn .
Rove 's attorney , Robert Luskin , said Monday the latest offer for written responses was intended to address concerns about establishing a clear record .
The committee is investigating whether Rove and Republican appointees at the Justice Department influenced Siegelman 's prosecution to kill his chances for re-election .
It is part of a broader inquiry into whether U.S. attorneys were fired for not aggressively pursuing cases against Democrats .
Siegelman , a Democrat who served one term as governor after being elected in 1998 , was convicted in 2006 on bribery and other charges and sentenced to more than seven years in prison .
He was recently released on bond pending appeal .
Monday was the last day for former Bush advisor Karl Rove to agree to voluntarily testify about the prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman .
MSNBC's Dan Abrams talked with Don Siegelman to talk about a case that some say is politically motivated .
This video is from MSNBC's Verdict , broadcast May 12 , 2008 .
Download video
Undercover investigators from Swiss Animal Protection / EAST
International toured fur farms in China ’s Hebei Province , and it quickly became clear why outsiders are banned from visiting .
There are no penalties for abusing animals on fur farms in China — farmers can house and slaughter animals however they see fit .
The investigators found horrors beyond their worst imaginings and concluded , “ Conditions onmake a mockery of the most elementary animal welfare standards .
In their lives and their unspeakable deaths , these animals have been denied even the simplest acts of kindness . ”
はてなグループの終了日を2020年1月31日(金) に決定しました
以下のエントリの通り、今年末を目処にはてなグループを終了予定である旨をお知らせしておりました。
2019年末を目処に、はてなグループの提供を終了する予定です - はてなグループ日記
このたび、正式に終了日を決定いたしましたので、以下の通りご確認ください。
終了日 : 2020 年1月31 日(金)
エクスポート希望申請期限:2020年1月31日(金)
終了日以降は、はてなグループの閲覧および投稿は行えません。日記のエクスポートが必要な方は以下の記事にしたがって手続きをしてください。
はてなグループに投稿された日記データのエクスポートについて - はてなグループ日記
ご利用のみなさまにはご迷惑をおかけいたしますが、どうぞよろしくお願いいたします。
2020-06-25 追記
Jail Time for Tenet ?
President George W. Bush used to complain that being president was “ hard work , ” but he has gotten over that .
Now he says it “ has been a fabulous experience . ”
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
Why fabulous ?
Well , a good part of it has to do with his past .
When Bush screwed up royally – whether in his personal or business affairs – he had to suffer the humiliation of asking his father or his father ’s friends ( sometimes Arab friends ) to bail him out .
But now ?
Wow !
As president , young George has found he can escape accountability altogether .
Now when he screws up royally , he need not call Dad ; George W. Bush is himself in control of all the levers he needs to pull in order to bail himself out .
Is this a great country or what ?
An invertebrate Congress has been a big help .
But his greatest asset limiting his liability has been the kind of folk he has gotten to work for him .
The kind like Vice President Dick Cheney 's former chief of staff , Scooter Libby , whom he has no problem asking to lie for him , when required .
For Bush ’s powers are formidable – as he showed when Libby , convicted perjurer and obstructer of justice , was about to go off to prison .
The president commuted Libby ’s sentence , sending a message to others who might be called on to lie for him to hang tough and count on commutation or pardon .
A president ’s unlimited power to pardon serves as the ultimate trump card to keep friends and associates out of jail .
Even so , one key aide , former CIA Director and Medal of Freedom winner , George Tenet , can be forgiven for being somewhat apprehensive these days .
For he has lied under oath regarding what Bush knew about the 9/11 attacks and how early Bush knew it .
Concealing pre-9/11 warnings that Bush received might have seemed like the smart play during the president ’s first term when his popularity was high and few in Washington dared to stand up to him .
However , if the American voters choose to send vertebrates to the next Congress – or if the Justice Department starts taking seriously its duty to require honest testimony from senior government officials – Tenet may be looking at some jail time .
With the possibility of large changes in the political landscape early next year , all bets might be off .
Tenuous Tenet
As for Tenet ’s potential legal jeopardy , let ’s leave aside for now the obviously heinous – like running George W. Bush ’s global Gestapo complete with secret prisons and torture chambers , a criminal enterprise that Tenet carved out of the operations directorate of the CIA .
Let ’s pick a case of simpler , more familiar white - collar crimes – Libby - style perjury and obstruction of justice .
Credit to Rep. Dennis Kucinich , whose 35 Articles of Impeachment against Bush – specifically Articles 33 and 34 relating to the catastrophe of 9/11 – have freshened memories , stirred additional research and demonstrate why Tenet may be looking at some prison time .
Article 33 charges that the president “ REPEATEDLY IGNORED AND FAILED TO RESPOND TO HIGH -LEVEL INTELLIGENCE WARNINGS OF PLANNED TERRORIST ATTACKS IN THE US , PRIOR TO 9/11 . ”
The text contains a devastating run-down of the many times President Bush was warned that an attack was coming and did nothing .
George Tenet did sound the alarm often and loudly .
But as a retroactive glance at August 2001 shows , the president , literally , could not be bothered .
Tenet ’s own performance was hardly blameless .
The 9/11 Commission found numerous screw - ups within the CIA , and Tenet ’s discharge of his statutory duty to coordinate the work of the entire intelligence community was abysmal .
It was his responsibility to ensure that the FBI , CIA and other intelligence agencies were sharing information freely on this priority issue .
Sadly , Tenet preferred backslapping to holding the intelligence community to professional standards of work and conduct .
Article 33 of Impeachment shows that President Bush ’s inaction in the face of myriad warnings prior to 9/11 constitutes utter failure with respect to his Constitutional duties to take proper steps to protect the nation .
Those who remember Watergate and other misadventures will be aware , too , that the cover -up of wrongdoing constitutes an additional – and often more provable – crime , especially when it involves perjury and obstruction of justice .
That ’s where George Tenet comes in .
Until now , Bush has managed to escape blame for his outrageous inactivity before 9/11 because his subordinates – first and foremost , Tenet – have covered up for him .
This is what is dealt with in Article 34 of Impeachment : OBSTRUCTION OF INVESTIGATION INTO THE ATTACKS OF SEPTEMBER 11 , 2001 .
A Faustian Bargain
What did the president know , and when did he know it ?
This double question , with Watergate antecedents , is the one that Bush and Cheney had to guard most carefully against .
By all appearances , they had little trouble enlisting a malleable - cum - guilty - conscience George Tenet in this effort at denial and obfuscation .
And this helps to explain some of the more bizarre episodes of that time .
Faustian bargain ?
Call it mutual blackmail , if you prefer the vernacular .
Yes ,
Tenet gave the president enough warning to warrant , to compel some sort of action on his part .
But Tenet ’s lackadaisical management of the CIA and intelligence community was at least as important a factor in the success of the attacks of 9/11 .
The raison d’etre of the CIA had been to prevent another Pearl Harbor .
Yet , 9/11 took more lives than the Japanese attack in 1941 .
As before Pearl Harbor , significant pieces of intelligence lay around but analysts failed to put them all together .
It was long since clear to many in Washington that , had George Tenet stayed home long enough to tend to his knitting – his management responsibilities – instead of eternally hobnobbing abroad with kings and other potentates , 9/11 might well have been avoided , even with an indolent president .
Of course , Tenet should have been fired after 9/11 .
But President Bush needed Tenet , or at least Tenet ’s silence , as much as Tenet needed Bush , or at least Bush 's forgiveness .
What developed might be described as a case of mutual blackmail disguised as bonhomie .
Bush was keenly aware that Tenet had the wherewithal to let the world know how many warnings he had given the president – reducing Bush to a criminally negligent , blundering fool .
Were that to happen , Bush would have to kiss goodbye the role of cheerleader / war president – and so much else .
Thus , Tenet had become critical to Bush 's political survival .
And Tenet ?
All he needed was not to be blamed – not to be fired .
The bargain : I , George Bush , will keep you on and even praise your performance ; you , George Tenet , will keep your mouth shut about all the warnings you gave me during the spring and summer of 2001 .
Tenet , it seems clear , agreed .
The bargain was no secret to insiders .
Former House speaker Newt Gingrich , still very much of the Washington scene , commented publicly that Tenet was so grateful that the president let him stay on as CIA director , that he would do anything for him .
Events proved Gingrich right .
And there was even a Medal of Freedom in it for Tenet – but , alas , eventual criminal liability as well .
Anatomy of a Deal On Sept. 26 , 2001 , the president motored out to CIA headquarters , puts his arm around Tenet and told the cameras , “ We ’ve got the best intelligence we can possibly have thanks to the men and women of the CIA . ”
Then - Secretary of State Colin Powell , as was so often the case , had not been clued in .
On Sept. 23 , Powell had promised a “ White Paper ” that would make a “ persuasive case ” that Osama bin Laden was responsible for the 9/11 attacks .
His announcement met immediate resistance from the White House , however , and , less than two weeks later , Powell actually apologized for his “ unfortunate choice of words . ”
There would be no White Paper , he said ; rather , the American people would have to rely on “ information coming out in the press and other ways . ”
It became gradually clear why Powell reneged .
The evidence against bin Laden could not be disclosed because there was simply too much of it available for the reading well before 9/11 .
To reveal this would bring extreme political embarrassment and vitiate the Faustian bargain with Tenet .
Small wonder that the White House preferred a whitewash to a White Paper .
And this has been a constant since the fall of 2001 .
Administration obstructionism and intransigence has succeeded in hindering all subsequent investigations into what Bush and Cheney had been told prior to 9/11 .
Until now , at least .
Perjury , Obstruction of Justice
In his sworn testimony of April 14 , 2004 , before the 9/11 Commission , Tenet outdid himself trying to honor his bargain with Bush .
The commissioners were interested in what the president had been told during the critical month of August 2001 .
Answering a question from Commissioner Timothy Roemer , Tenet referred to the president ’s long vacation ( July 29 - Aug. 30 ) in Crawford and insisted that he did not see the president at all in August .
“ You never talked with him ? ” Roemer asked .
“ No , ” Tenet replied , explaining that for much of August he , too , was “ on leave . ”
That same evening , a CIA spokesman called reporters to say that Tenet had misspoken , and that he had briefed Bush on Aug. 17 and 31 , 2001 .
The spokesman played down the Aug. 17 briefing as uneventful and indicated that the second briefing took place after Bush had returned to Washington .
Funny how Tenet could have forgotten his first visit to Crawford , whereas in his memoir , At the Center of the Storm , Tenet waxed eloquent about the “ president graciously driving me around the spread in his pickup and me trying to make small talk about the flora and the fauna .
”
But the visit was not limited to small talk .
In his book Tenet writes : “ A few weeks after the August 6 PDB was delivered , I followed it to Crawford to make sure the president stayed current on events . ”
The Aug. 6 , 2001 President ’s Daily Brief contained the article “ Bin Laden Determined to Strike in the US . ”
According to Ron Suskind ’s The One - Percent Doctrine , the president reacted by telling the CIA briefer , “ All right , you ’ve covered your ass now . ”
Clearly , Tenet needed to follow up on that .
Was Tenet again in Crawford just one week later ?
According to a White House press release , President Bush on Aug. 25 told visitors to Crawford , “ George Tenet and I ” drove up the canyon “ yesterday . ” Flora and Fawner ?
If , as Tenet says in his memoir , it was the Aug. 6 , 2001 , PDB that prompted his visit on Aug. 17 , what might have brought him back on Aug. 24 ?
I believe the answer is to be found in court documents released at the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui , the fledgling pilot in Minnesota interested in learning to steer a plane but indifferent as to how to land it .
Those documents show that on Aug. 23 , 2001 , Tenet was given an alarming briefing , focusing on Moussaoui , titled “ Islamic Extremist Learns to Fly . ”
Tenet was told that Moussaoui was training to fly a 747 and , among other suspicion - arousing data , had paid for the training in cash .
The FBI arrested him on Aug. 16 on grounds he had overstayed his 90 - day visa and the CIA was working on the case with the FBI .
This might well have been what led Tenet to go back to Crawford on the 24th .
There is no indication that the president or Tenet ever followed up with senior FBI officials .
Then - Acting FBI Director Thomas Pickard has testified that he did not learn of it until the afternoon of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Things proceeded more quickly at the working level , at least for this discrete part of the problem .
Tenet ’s analysts had learned about Moussaoui in a back - door message from the FBI Field Office in Minneapolis enlisting CIA ’s help in obtaining information on Moussaoui from French intelligence .
The Minneapolis case agent had already telephoned the FBI legal attaché office in Paris , which contacted the French government on Aug. 16 or 17 .
With unusual speed , on Aug. 22 and 27 , the French provided information that made a connection between Moussaoui and a rebel leader in Chechnya , Ibn al Khattab , and indicated that Khattab had a connection with Osama bin Laden .
Court documents from the Moussaoui case also show that on Aug. 30 , 2001 , CIA analysts were able to confirm to Tenet that Moussaoui had ties with radical fundamentalist groups and Osama bin Laden .
This would have been good grist for Tenet ’s briefing of the president on Aug. 31 in Washington .
Nevertheless , in Tenet ’s sworn testimony before the 9/11 Commission on April 14 , 2004 , he said he had not mentioned Moussaoui to the president during August 2001 .
Tenet further testified that he did not report on Moussaoui at the cabinet - level meeting convened on Sept. 4 to discuss terrorism .
On May 6 , 2007 , when Tim Russert asked Tenet what the president knew and when he knew it , Tenet replied that “ everything went silent ” in August 2001 .
Russert asked Tenet why he did not go directly to the president in July 2001 after he had warned then - national security adviser Condoleezza Rice of the possibility of “ spectacular , multiple , simultaneous attacks against US targets with little or no warning ” and gotten the brush - off .
Tenet replied lamely “ the president is not the action officer . ”
Tenet not only was , by statute , the president ’s principal foreign intelligence adviser but – by all accounts – enjoyed a backslapping rapport with him .
Tenet also briefed the president six mornings a week .
It strains credulity to suggest that Tenet was afraid to go directly to George Bush for fear of appearing to be making some sort of end - run around his national security adviser on a terrorist threat about which Tenet ’s hair was said to be “ on fire ? ” Tenet at Breakfast on 9/11
No one wants to believe that the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , could have been prevented , but we do a disservice to our country , and to one another , if we stay in denial .
No one wants to believe that President Bush had considerably more forewarning than he acknowledges , but it is very clear that he did .
It is equally clear that George Tenet has been a prime mover in hiding the amount of intelligence available to Bush to act on .
Reviewing the evidence on May 26 , 2002 , Michael Getler , then - ombudsman for the Washington Post , alluded to one very telling sign leaping out of a conversation between George Tenet and former Sen.
David Boren over breakfast on 9/11 .
When an aide rushed up to tell Tenet of the attacks , Tenet ’s immediate reaction was “ This has bin Laden all over it … I wonder if it has anything to do with this guy taking pilot training . ”
Getler notes for his readers that the reference is to Zacarias Moussaoui .
A few months after 9/11 , the Wall Street Journal reported that the FBI did not tell the White House about Moussaoui until after Sept. 11 .
That may be true , particularly if , as noted above , then - Acting Director Thomas Pickard did not learn about Moussaoui until 9/11 .
But the evidence is very strong that Tenet told Bush chapter and verse .
The extraordinary lengths to which Tenet has gone to disguise that has the former CIA director skating very close to perjury – if not over the line .
Plus , if Tenet is held accountable after Bush leaves town to go back to Texas for good , there may be no one in the White House willing to pardon him .
Ray McGovern works for Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington , DC .
A CIA analyst for 27 years , he worked on the President ’s Daily Brief under presidents Nixon , Ford , and Reagan .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
All Texts - select by author - Bacon ( 1561 - 1626 ) Bentham ( 1748 - 1832 ) Berkeley ( 1685 - 1753 ) Boyle ( 1627-1691 ) Burke ( 1729 - 1797 ) Butler ( 1692 - 1752 ) Clarke ( 1675 - 1729 ) Condorcet ( 1743-1794 ) Constant ( 1767 -1830 ) Conway ( 1631 - 1679 ) Descartes ( 1596 - 1650 ) Edwards ( 1703 - 1758 ) de Grouchy ( 1764-1822 ) Hobbes ( 1588 - 1679 ) Hume ( 1711 - 1776 ) Hutcheson ( 1694 - 1746 ) Kant ( 1724-1804 ) La Mettrie ( 1709 - 1751 ) Leibniz ( 1646-1716 ) Locke ( 1632 -1704 ) Machiavelli ( 1469 -1527 ) Malebranche ( 1638 - 1715 ) Mandeville ( 1670 - 1733 ) Mendelssohn ( 1729 -1786 ) Mill ( 1806 - 1873 ) Montaigne ( 1533 -1592 ) Newton ( 1642-1727 ) Paley ( 1743-1805 ) Price ( 1723 -1791 ) Reid ( 1710 - 1796 ) Rousseau ( 1712 - 1778 ) Shaftesbury ( 1671 - 1713 ) Sidgwick ( 1838-1900 ) Smith ( 1723 -1790 ) Spinoza ( 1632 -1677 ) Voltaire ( 1694 - 1778 ) Wollstonecraft ( 1759 - 1797 )
Early Modern Texts
On this site you will find versions of some classics of early modern philosophy , and a few from the 19th century , prepared with a view to making them easier to read while leaving intact the main arguments , doctrines , and lines of thought .
The site is now ( 2019 ) operated by the text - preparer Jonathan Bennett and his Canadian team .
April 2019 - Thomas J. Feliciano – an American writer based in Istanbul - is digitizing our works into the e-book formats of .epub ( e- readers , tablets , cell phones ) and mobi ( for Kindle ) .
Please send comments / feedback on these versions to otaku2255@gmail.com .
We are in the process of creating audio books for selected texts .
The most recently added texts are
Owlia Yusuf Ibrahim 's family used to be relatively prosperous Drought in the Horn of Africa is deepening after the failure of annual rains , and the UN estimates that more than 14.5 million people are in need of humanitarian assistance .
The BBC's Adam Mynott reports from Somalia , one of the worst affected countries .
Owlia Yusuf Ibrahim has walked for two days with her two small children , Amina , who is six , and four - year - old Fatima .
They have come to the village of El Barde because they heard that the United Nations ' World Food Programme ( WFP ) was distributing food there .
Weak and tired , they have eaten nothing since they set off .
Owlia has left her husband and three elder children in the bush looking after what is left of their livestock .
Three successive years of drought have decimated their animals .
" We had 20 camels , 10 cows and 30 goats , " she told me .
" Now only five weak goats are left alive . "
Stick - thin limbs
The savage Somali climate and civil war in the country have reduced Owlia 's family from relative prosperity to abject poverty in the space of a few months .
Four - year - old Fatima walked with her family for two days to reach El Barde Owlia takes Fatima to a supplementary feeding station set up by the UN in the village to monitor the under - fives and waits in line behind dozens of other women and children .
The infants are weighed and measured ; all are underweight , some are showing the first signs of chronic malnutrition : distended stomachs , sunken eyes and stick - thin limbs .
El Barde sits just inside the Somali border from Ethiopia .
The village has developed around a water hole where herdsmen come with their animals and it is a transit point for pastoralists moving in and out of Ethiopia just a few kilometres away .
The land stretching away outside El Barde should be carpeted with a thick layer of grass following seasonal rains , but the rains have failed for a third successive year and the ground is dry .
Wind picks up the dust and it blows away in dirty brown clouds .
Chronic insecurity Another woman , Owlia Ibrahim Mohammed , joins hundreds of others who have gathered on the outskirts of the village for the monthly distribution of food by the UN World Food Programme .
They are getting a month 's supply of grain , pulses , salt and oil .
The WFP trucks have driven 200 km ( 124 miles ) across Somalia from the port capital of Mogadishu .
It is hazardous journey through countless checkpoints manned by militias ; at each checkpoint payment is taken .
Somalia 's humanitarian crisis has been exacerbated by the country 's civil war
It is the chronic insecurity that distinguishes the humanitarian crisis in Somalia from other regions in the Horn of Africa .
Forces of the weak interim government backed up by Ethiopian forces come under daily attack from insurgent militias , and a recent peace deal between the transitional government and some of its opponents resulted in an upsurge in violence from militias not included in the agreement .
The fighting makes parts of the country too dangerous for some aid agencies to operate in .
Somalis have also been hit by soaring world food prices , a collapse of the currency and the unrelenting drought .
The deputy country director of the WFP , Denise Brown , says it is a " catastrophic combination of circumstances " .
The insecurity and inaccessibility of Somalia means that the humanitarian crisis - which is expected to affect 3.5 m people by the end of the year - is happening largely unseen and unnoticed by the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The force of gravity on antimatter has never been directly measured but a growing number of physicists believe that such an experiment is within their grasp .
Today , a group attempting to design an experiment called AEGIS ( Antimatter Experiment : Gravity , Interferometry , Spectroscopy ) outline their plans to measure this force .
In some ways it ’s an ambitious plan .
The team wants to build AEGIS at CERN , the European particle physics laboratory near Geneva , where the building blocks of antihydrogen , low energy antiprotons and positrons , are in relatively good supply .
The idea is to fire a beam of antihydogen atoms at a target and see how much they are deflected by gravity .
That ’s easier said than done .
Creating a beam of this stuff turns out to be remarkably tricky .
The problem is that it ’s easy enough to trap antiprotons and positrons in electromagnetic fields .
It ’s even fairly straightforwad to put them together so that they form antihydrogen .
The problem is that antihydrogen is neutral and simply falls out of the trap .
So some way has to be found to collect and trap these antiatoms .
I know what you ’re thinking : why not do the experiment with antiprotons or positrons instead .
People have tried but it ’s been impossible to completely remove any residual electromagnetic fields from such experiments .
These are many orders of magnitude stronger than gravity and so even the smallest trace of them deflects charged particles by an amount that overwhelms the effect of gravity .
That ’s why neutral antihydrogen is so important .
Why bother ?
There are several flavours of general relativity that allow antimatter to experience an opposite gravitational force compared to ordinary matter .
Finding evidence for this ( or ruling it out ) will have important consequences for some serious cosmological conundrums such as why we see so little antimatter around and the value of the cosmological constant .
If these guys get the go - ahead , it ’ll be a few years before we hear back from them , but it ’ll be worth the wait .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0805.4727 : Formation Of A Cold Antihydrogen Beam in AEGIS For Gravity Measurements
Updated : See Apple denial below .
Apple store employees caught four teenagers doing the unthinkable – downloading a third - party application onto a demo iPhone – which prompted their immediate banishment from Apple stores " for life . "
Two Palo Alto High School students – Daniel Fukuba ( left ) , 17 , and Eric Vicenti ( right ) , 16 – met up with two recent Paly grads , Noah Rogers and Anjay Patel , at the Apple Store in downtown Palo Alto , where they made the mistake of downloading third - party car - racing game " Raging Thunder " onto the store 's iPhone , according to the Palo Alto Daily News .
While the teens waited for Patel to show up at the store , an employee asked them what they were doing .
They said they were playing with the phone .
Then the store manager ( whom they knew as a friend 's fourth - grade Hebrew teacher ) asked them if they needed help , to which they responded that they were doing fine .
After Patel showed up , the group hung out for " less than five minutes " before they left .
But they did n't get far – they were chased down the block by the manager who told them to " Stop right there . "
The Apple store manager called the cops , Daniel 's and Eric 's parents , and the four teens were detained for 2.5 hours .
" After being lectured by the manager on the dangers of ' hacking ' into the phones , the teens were photographed and told their pictures were being sent to all Apple stores ' so they'd be on the lookout for us , ' " Rogers told the Palo Alto Daily News .
Rogers , who worked in the Apple store over the holidays , yawned off the lecture .
" All you have to do is plug it in a laptop to restore it to normal , " he said .
Ironically , the bust comes just a couple months after Apple announced it would open the iPhone platform to third - party developers .
" We ’re excited about creating a vibrant third - party developer community with potentially thousands of native applications for iPhone and iPod touch , " said Steve Jobs , back in March .
Seems like Apple store employees do n't share Jobs ' excitement yet .
In the meantime , Fukuba says he 's getting the hero treatment from his friends at school .
" Everyone 's like , ' Whoa !
You guys are bad - asses for getting banned from the Apple store , ' " Fukuba told us .
" I 'm still big on Apple phones , I just think the security guard and store manager made a big deal about it .
The security guard was a real tool – he was very serious . "
UPDATE : An Apple spokesperson insists there 's no merit to the teens ' story .
" They were not banned from the Apple store , " said spokesman Steve Dowling .
So why were the guys under the impression they were banned ?
" I do n't know , you 'll have to ask them , " he said .
UPDATE : We did ask them , and Fukuba says Dowling was ill informed .
We have a call in to the police officer who was called to the store , and will update the story again when we hear back .
Photo : CourtesyKonstandinos Goumenidis / Palo Alto Daily News
June 25 , 2008  --
Global warming is likely to increase illegal immigration , create humanitarian disasters and destabilize precarious governments in political hot spots , all of which could affect U.S. national security , according to an assessment by U.S. intelligence agencies .
Sub -Saharan Africa , the Middle East and Central and Southeast Asia are most vulnerable to warming - related drought , flooding , extreme weather and hunger .
The intelligence assessment warns of the global impact from the spillover : increased migration and " water - related disputes , " according to prepared remarks by Tom Fingar , deputy director of national intelligence for analysis , who was scheduled to speak before a joint House committee hearing .
" We judge that the most significant impact for the United States will be indirect and result from climate - driven effects on many other countries and their potential to seriously affect U.S. national security interests , " Fingar stated .
The national intelligence assessment on the national security implications of global climate change to 2030 is one of a series of periodic intelligence reports that offer the consensus judgment of top analysts at all 16 U.S. spy agencies on major foreign policy , security and global economic issues .
Congress requested the report last year .
The assessment deals with the projected effects of climate change , and not just the negative ones .
It predicts modest improvements in agricultural yields in North America and more water resources in South America .
It predicts that most U.S. allies will have the means to cope economically .
Fingar says , however , that unspecified " regional partners " could face severe problems .
Fingar states that the quality of the analysis is hampered by the fact that climate data tend not to focus on specific countries but rather on broad global changes .
Africa is among the most vulnerable regions , the report states .
An expected increase in droughts there could cut agricultural yields of rain - dependent crops by up to half in the next 12 years .
Parts of southern and eastern Asia 's food crops are vulnerable both to droughts and floods , with rice and grain crops potentially facing up to a 10 percent decline .
As many as 50 million additional people could face hunger by 2020 , and the water supply - while larger because of melting glaciers - will be stressed by growing population and consumption .
Between 120 million and 1.2 billion people in Asia " will continue to experience some water stress . "
Latin America may experience increased precipitation , possibly cutting tens of millions of people from the ranks of those in want of water .
But from 7 million to 77 million could still be short water resources because of population growth .
As Fingar represents it , the assessment strikes a considerably less ominous tone than a report issued a year ago by the Center for Naval Analyses on the same subject .
That report , written by top retired military leaders , drew a direct correlation between global warming and the conditions that lead to failed states becoming the breeding grounds for extremism and terrorism .
" Climate change will provide the conditions that will extend the war on terror , " stated Adm. T. Joseph Lopez , who commanded U.S. and allied peacekeeping forces in Bosnia in 1996 .
" Weakened and failing governments , with an already thin margin for survival , foster the conditions for internal conflicts , extremism and movement toward increased authoritarianism and radical ideologies , " the previous report said .
" The U.S. will be drawn more frequently into these situations , " stated the report , which drew on 11 retired generals and admirals .
The naval think tank report was a clarion call to reverse global warming with a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions .
Fingar 's remarks are far more muted .
Where the 63 - page private report mentions terror or terrorism almost 30 times , his 21 - page statement makes no mention of it .
" Conflict " appears about 20 times in the think tank report .
Fingar mentions " conflict " only twice , " disputes " once , and " ethnic clashes " once .
When U.S. soldier Corey Glass decided two years ago that he would rather be a criminal for fleeing the Iraq war than be a criminal by staying in it , there was one obvious place to go -- Canada , a refuge for Americans who had fled the Vietnam War draft .
But instead of being welcomed , he became the first deserter to receive orders to leave the country -- and ended up a symbol of Canada ’s conflicted sentiments about the war .
On Tuesday , Canada ’s House of Commons passed a motion urging the government to allow deserters to stay .
The measure , though nonbinding , could lead to a last - minute reprieve for Glass and nearly 40 others who have asked for refugee status .
Perhaps 200 more war dodgers are living in the country unannounced , waiting to see how Canada will ultimately declare itself , the War Resisters Support Campaign says .
Glass , 25 , has lived for two years as though ready to bolt , his belongings stuffed in backpacks and boxes in a small Toronto apartment he shares with other resisters .
He has fielded death threats and hate - filled e-mails from Americans who consider him a traitor and a coward .
Advertisement
Though pleased by the day ’s victory , he wonders whether anything can happen before his June 12 deportation deadline that would keep him from being sent back to the U.S. , and perhaps to prison .
“ Things never end up the way I expect , ” he said after the Parliament vote .
“ I did n’t think I would end up in Iraq .
I did n’t think I would be asked to leave Canada .
And I did n’t think my case would end up here . ”
Glass joined the National Guard after high school in Fairmount , Ind. , in 2002 , with assurances that he would n’t face combat , he said .
He thought he would be sandbagging levee banks or quelling riots .
“ They told me the only way you ’ll see war is if foreign troops storm the shores of Florida , ” he said .
“ I believed that . ”
Advertisement
But a year later , the U.S. invaded Iraq , and in 2005 he was sent north of Baghdad and pressed into service as a military intelligence officer .
“ There were a lot of things -- crimes -- going on that I ca n’t talk about , ” he said .
“ It convinced me that the war was illegal and immoral , and I did n’t want to be a part of it . ”
When Glass told his commanding officer that he could n’t continue fighting in a war that he did n’t believe in , he was sent home for a two - week break .
He never returned .
After Googling “ desertion , ” Glass found his way to Toronto , to a semi-underground railroad for war resisters run by Lee Zaslofsky , an avuncular 63 - year - old who had traveled the same path in 1970 to avoid the Vietnam War .
Advertisement
The Canada of that era was an idealistic place , led by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , who declared the country “ a refuge from militarism . ”
Zaslofsky applied for residency at the border , and 50,000 to 80,000 other Americans sought sanctuary here .
Although another Liberal government sought to stop the Iraq invasion , present - day conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper has stood firm with the Bush administration in supporting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and imprisonments at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
But the opposition parties that carried Tuesday ’s vote , 137- 110 , over Harper ’s conservatives are hoping the motion will help persuade the government to accept war resisters .
“ Canada has always been a place that welcomes those who seek peace and freedom , ” said Bob Rae , a Liberal Party member of Parliament .
“ We want to see it remain that way . ”
Advertisement
So far , the government seems unmoved .
“ The emotion in the House does not change the law in the country , ” Diane Finley , the minister for citizenship and immigration , said after the vote .
“ Once someone has gone through the legal process , we expect them to respect the results and leave the country when asked . ”
The Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada denied Glass and five others refugee status , ruling that they had not exhausted legal alternatives in the U.S. , and would not face persecution if they returned .
But Canada ’s government , confronted with a swell of support for the resisters , could put a quiet hold on Glass ’ deportation order , or choose not to immediately carry it out , said Jack Layton , leader of the leftist New Democratic Party , who helped push the motion .
Advertisement
At a post -vote celebration at an Irish pub near Parliament , Glass and dozens of resisters who came from Toronto on a bus hoisted mugs of beer .
There was Phil McDowell , who was discharged , then “ stop - lossed , ” told that he had to go back again .
And Linjamin Mull , a social worker from Harlem who joined up because poverty gave him no other choice .
And Josh Keys , who fled to Canada with his wife and three children without bidding his mother goodbye , and still has violent nightmares .
All are in legal limbo .
“ We used to joke about who is going to be the first to be deported , ” Mull said .
Advertisement
--
maggie.farley@latimes.com
Time to Get to Work : 5 Tips on Making Your Business More Efficient
As the old saying goes , time is money .
Cliche as it sounds , it ’s something that business owners must constantly consider as they look to grow , scale , or fix their operation .
How are you spending your time , and is it being well spent ?
Because time is your most valuable asset as a business owner , it benefits you to do things more efficiently .
When you increase efficiency in your company , you get more done at the same standard as before .
Both long and short - term , this can lead to the growth of your company .
There ’s plenty of jargon out there about systems for optimizing business efficiency .
Let ’s look at five tried - but - true tips for increasing work efficiency .
1. Automate Whatever You Can
Yes , we all know and talk about automation these days .
With technology offering a solution that ’s faster than most humans , we ’re able to automate pretty much anything within our business if we try hard enough .
Automation is the process of putting a system on autopilot .
It might seem like it ’s in the future , but that time is now .
This way , you ’re not giving away time , attention and money to something that a robot or SaaS can complete .
Once a year , conduct an audit of your business ’s systems .
Find where you can add automation .
2. Work In A Management System
There are plenty of awesome options out there these days for content management systems .
You ’re able to work , submit , transfer , and even chat within one portal so that everyone ’s work stays together and everyone is on the same page .
If you are using a smorgasbord of Google docs or other software , consider a company that provides system management options like eCIFM .
3. Limit Transitions
Brendon Burchard talks about limiting transitions in his book , High Performance Habits .
He unveils the insane statistics behind how much time you cost yourself by starting and stopping throughout the day , by checking your phone , and by other distractions .
Wherever possible , limit the number of times you must transition from one activity to the next .
Streamline and chunk your work together so that you ’re not wasting precious time .
4. Outsource
Out of sight , out of hand .
If you can outsource some non -core activities of your business , you can improve efficiency simply by getting the task out of your hair .
The truth is that there are plenty of things you or your employees are doing that can be outsourced .
Factor that into your yearly audit , too .
5. Use Social Media More For Customer Service
This one might seem “ unprofessional ” , but this is antiquated thinking in today ’s world .
Instead of hiring people to deal with customer service , build that into your social media role .
People are fine with being honest and reaching out via social media , so you can kill two birds with one stone and save your company time and money .
Increase Efficiency Of Your Business — Wrapping Up
When you increase efficiency for your business , you give yourself a better chance of making more money .
Whether it ’s outsourcing work that is n’t required or automating systems , there are always bits of fat you can trim to make your machine run better .
Check out what ’s trending about tech so you can continue to fine tune your business .
Before They Were Famous Celebrity Guess Who 06/24/2008
This Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominated actress was born in Los Angeles and raised in Colorado .
Brought up Jewish ( her family also practices Buddhism ) , she has become a vocal opponent of anti-Semitism .
She is not close to her biological father and considers her mother 's longtime boyfriend her true " Pa . "
Without capitalizing on the success of her famous mother , she went from indie beginner to Vanity Fair cover girl in just three years .
Who is she ?
Continue reading for the answer .
has stated that her biological father " does n't know me from a hole in the wall " , and that she considerswho has lived with her mothersince Hudson was three , to be her father .
In 2000 Hudson received an Academy Award nomination and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for her breakthrough role as Penny Lane in Almost Famous .
Hudson , who has noted that she is " not very religious , " describes herself as Jewish and became a vocal opponent of anti-Semitism in part because of witnessing it during a stay in Paris .
Hudson has said , " I 'm Jewish and this was the first time I experienced real anti-Semitism .
Paris was scary ... there were synagogues bombed and there was anti-Semitic graffiti all over the place .
I was very angry .
This is something I am passionate about "
photos : Wenn
06-04-2008BUCHAREST , RomaniaAuthorities want to catch a woman who rides the subway in Romania 's capital city -- and strips down to her underwear to dance for passengers .
Passengers have reported seeing the woman 's routine on the underground railway , with one person describing the act as " not proper .
"
The culprit is described as an attractive , student - looking woman who gets up during the subway ride and turns on music from a portable CD player .
Witnesses say she typically dances to the Tom Jones tune " You Can Leave Your Hat On " -- and strips down to lingerie .
After the performance , the woman passes around a gratuity container for passengers to show their appreciation .
Authorities have had a difficult time catching the woman because she always performs the strip tease on trains that do not have guards , or closed - circuit television systems .
However , at least one passenger has captured the act on a cell phone camera .
Officials said the woman can face charges of indecent exposure and public begging if she was caught in the act .
More States Join In Battle to Stop National ID Card States Battling National ID
By Mark Anderson A Pennsylvania legislative committee ’s hearing on March 13 about the so - called Real ID
Act was packed with people — most of whom oppose this federal legislation to create a national identification system by nationalizing a new form of state - issued drivers licenses and loading them with sensitive personal information .
Only two members of the 29 - member Intergovernmental Affairs Committee showed up to hear the public , even though many citizens went to much expense to be there .
The regular media also were absent .
Aaron Bollinger , the nation ’s leading anti-Real ID activist , who chairs the National Veterans Committee for Constitutional Affairs , was on the scene , where public sentiment against Real ID was clearly evident in a state that ’s considered a key battleground in the sustained effort to defeat the state - by - state implementation of the Real law .
This 2005 law is one of several recommendations of the vaunted 9 - 11 Commission , whose findings are considered by informed researchers as woefully incomplete and flawed .
“ A member of the Lancaster Amish community traveled all the way — about three hours — to Pittsburgh to get out his message , ” Bollinger told AFP .
The Amish man ’s message regarding existing drivers licenses was :
“ How PennDOT [ state transportation department ] is violating existing state law by refusing to issue drivers licenses to those legitimate American citizens [ such as the Amish ] who do not have Social Security numbers . ”
Democratic Committee Chairman W. Curtis Thomas and State Rep. Jim Marshall , a Republican , were the only legislators to show up .
Bollinger therefore sees the need for a serious letter - writing / phone - call campaign , to ask the other committee members where they were that day .
“ After all , they need to see public sentiment .
Guess it was n’t important enough to them , ” Bollinger commented .
Notably , Bollinger on March 11 was the first guest on this AFP writer ’s new radio show , When Worlds Collide , which runs Tuesdays from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Central Time on the Republic Broadcasting Network ( republicbroadcasting.org ) .
Bollinger announced that he holds a teleconference - style “ town hall meeting ” most Tuesday evenings to discuss the Real ID issue among existing activists and to recruit additional interested citizens to fight Real ID .
Bollinger describes the effort for a seamless national ID system as a Soviet - style “ your papers , please ” concept that could be a handy tracking tool for would - be tyrants .
“ Real ID is not about security , ” he said during a self - made press conference , filmed the day of the committee ’s hearing because no media were present .
“ It ’s about making money and controlling people . ”
Revealingly , Bolinger noted that the company selling the lucrative Real ID technology ( biometrics etc for the proposed Real ID compatible cards ) to several states , including Pennsylvania , is the Visage Corporation , whose parent company , L - 1 Identity Solutions , includes on its board of directors former CIA Director George Tenet , as well as James Loy , former deputy director of the Department of Homeland Security .
A former L - 1 board member is ex-FBI Director Louis Freeh .
There are only three main companies — Digimark , Visage and Identix — that market this sort of thing .
And Identix was just bought by L - 1 .
“ The ‘ biometric trinity ’ would be a good way to put it , ” said Bolinger .
This is all very significant , since the creation of the DHS itself , like Real ID , was an outgrowth of the 9 - 11 Commission ’s advice for the nation on how to be more secure after the events of 9-11 - 01 ; moreover , the DHS is the very agency writing the regulations for the design of the Real ID card — the juiced - up drivers license that likely would make us even more vulnerable to identity theft .
According to retired Navy commander James R. Compton III , who also spoke at the press conference , identity theft is the nation ’s fastest growing crime , and the Real ID system is fraught with risk .
“ Your name , address , gender , signature etc all go into a data base — in addition to your Social Security number , ” he said .
“ Your SSN is not on your [ Real ID ] drivers license , but it is in the database . ”
He postulated a scenario in which someone with access to the data is propositioned into trading a list of possibly thousands of card holders — containing all this personal information — in exchange for money .
“ That ’s a common thing these days , ” said Bolinger .
“ About 250 blank Visage cards for drivers licenses actually were stolen from PennDOT . ”
Stolen blank cards are sold to make counterfeit cards .
Bolinger and Compton were accompanied at their conference by Pam Irwin of the American Civil Liberties Union , which shows that concerns over Real ID transcend ideological lines .
“ I do n’t care why they [ the ACLU and other unlikely bedfellows ] do n’t like Real ID , as long as it ’s defeated , ” Bollinger said on the RBN radio show .
As of March 18 , about 81 Pennsylvania House members supported HB 1351 to keep their state out of the Real ID system .
There are 203 House members , and the number of opponents there is climbing .
And about one - third of the state senators support a similar bill , SB 1220 .
The North Carolina Legislature is set to convene , and opponents there are working to influence the process .
The most solid “ rebel states ” so far are Montana , Maine , New Hampshire and South Carolina .
They have passed laws firmly against participation , whereas 17 more states have passed softer anti-Real ID resolutions .
West Virginia ’s Senate Judiciary Committee has approved a bill to ban that state from participating in the federal act .
Perhaps the only way Real ID could be implemented nationwide is if it ’s passed off as “ constitutional ” because it ’s “ voluntary . ”
But Bollinger noted , “ The only way to win is to prevail upon the states not to volunteer . ”
For more information go to NVCCA.net , restoretherepublic.com , or realnightmare.org .
Conference calls involving Real ID opponents are held most Tuesdays at 7:30 p.m. EST .
To participate , dial 724-444-7444 , then enter the caller ID 14259 followed by the # sign and , finally , enter 1 and the # sign .
Reach Corresponding Editor Mark Anderson at [ email protected ] ( Issue # 14 & 15 , April 7 & 14 , 2008 )
JACKSON - An Ypsilanti man is accused of stabbing his mother in the back with a dinner fork and clubbing another woman over the head with a 10 - pound frozen chicken .
Frederick McKaney , 40 , also faces a charge of resisting Jackson police officers who responded to a reported assault on Woodbridge Street late Monday night .
"
He stabbed his mother in the back of the neck when she refused to give him money , and then , an hour later , he attacked a neighbor woman with a chicken , " Jackson County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Mark Blumer said .
Blumer secured warrants against McKaney on Wednesday afternoon for two counts of felonious assault and resisting and opposing police .
McKaney remains in the Jackson County Jail .
McKaney , whose criminal file includes stints in jail and prison , apparently went to his mother 's house , or was staying there , when he demanded cash from her .
Blumer said that after he jabbed his mother McKaney was riding a bike at 7:30 p.m. when he encountered two women talking on the sidewalk on Woodbridge .
" He said something nasty to them and they responded in kind , " Blumer said .
" He jumped off his bike and hit one woman over the head with 10 pounds of chicken . "
The woman was treated at Foote Hospital in Jackson , and needed five five staples in her head to close up the wound , Blumer said .
The husband of the victim in the poultry assault trailed McKaney in a pickup truck and flagged a responding officer on Biddle Street , Deputy Police Chief John Holda said .
The fork attack drew some blood but did not cause serious injury , Blumer said .
The environmental campaigner George Monbiot last night tried and failed to make a citizen 's arrest of the former Bush administration official John Bolton over alleged " war crimes " committed during the invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
As Bolton , a former US ambassador to the UN , ended an hour - long discussion at the Hay festival , Monbiot , who had earlier challenged him for alleged breaches of the postwar Nuremberg Principles , defining war crimes , moved towards the stage waving a charge sheet .
But security staff intervened and bundled Monbiot out of the tent as 20 supporters chanted " war criminal " and waved placards .
The comedian Marcus Brigstocke , who tried to pursue Bolton as he left the other side of the tent , was also blocked by security staff .
When challenged by Monbiot during the debate to say why - in planning , preparing and waging war against Saddam Hussein - he was any different from Nazi war criminals condemned at Nuremberg , Bolton cited Iraq 's defiance of the UN resolutions 687 and 678 , which underpinned the 1991 Iraq war and ceasefire .
That released other parties from the obligation to the ceasefire , he told Monbiot .
Earlier , Bolton had defended the US 's right to launch pre-emptive nuclear attacks and to promote regime change or , if necessary , a military attack on Iran to prevent it acquiring nuclear weapons .
As a lawyer , he said , he was not prepared to offer a view either on rendition or torture of suspects , because he had not studied the issues - a claim that provoked dismay .
Afterwards , Monbiot , a contributor to the Guardian , said : " I 'm disappointed I could n't reach him , but I made what I believe to be the first attempt ever to arrest one of the perpetrators of the Iraq war , and I would like to see that followed up . "
Becoming a millionaire once conjured up images of wealth and luxury , or at the very least financial security .
But is a million bucks enough to retire comfortably on anymore ?
Many baby boomer millionaires do n't think so , at least for the lifestyle they want to lead .
If you drew down 4 percent of your $ 1 million nest egg every year , a share many financial advisers recommend as prudent , you would receive about $ 40,000 annually , before adjusting for inflation — a pretty comfortable salary outside major metropolitan areas , especially if your house is paid off .
Of course , how far that $ 3,333 a month goes depends on your lifestyle , health , and inflation .
Here are three viewpoints on the $ 1 million question :
It 's probably not enough .
Even at a faster rate of tapping a million - dollar nest egg , Michael Farr , president of the Washington , D.C. , investment firm Farr , Miller , & Washington and author of A Million Is Not Enough : How to Retire With the Money You 'll Need , thinks it 's insufficient for most retirees .
" A million dollars in liquid reserves like stocks , bonds , and real estate investments you are not living in will generate $ 50,000 a year [ according to Farr 's calculations ] .
After you adjust for inflation it will be entirely gone after about 30 years , " Farr says .
" Most people tell me it takes them more than $ 50,000 a year to cover their expenses .
If $ 50,000 a year will cover your expenses , it is enough . "
To increase your capital , Farr recommends budgeting , cost cutting , and saving — and investing the spoils in the stock market to guard against inflation .
" Take a look at what your current expenses are , and that is what you need to live , " he says .
For security , try an annuity .
The answer to the million - dollar question seems to depend upon who is asking it .
" One million dollars should be enough to maintain living standards for the majority of households , including healthcare expenditures , " says Mauricio Soto of Boston College 's Center for Retirement Research .
" But more might be needed for households that make over $ 120,000 . "
If you 've got a million - dollar nest egg , Soto recommends that you set aside $ 200,000 off the top for medical expenses in retirement and use the remaining $ 800,000 to purchase an inflation - protected annuity that would pay out $ 45,000 a year .
This amount plus Social Security ( typically about $ 25,000 for the maximum earner , plus $ 12,500 for the spouse ) will generate an income of about $ 82,500 for a couple .
Many financial advisers tell you to try to replace 80 percent of the income needed while working .
By this conservative standard , $ 1 million would maintain the standard of living of a household making $ 103,000 .
Stop worrying so much , and get out your golf shoes .
Most workers are n't even striving to become millionaires .
Nearly two thirds of employees think they 'll be perfectly fine retiring with less than $ 1 million , according to the nonprofit Employee Benefit Research Institute .
" The financial services industry has made a good living for themselves scaring people , " says Jonathan Pond , a financial planner and author of You Can Do It !
The Boomer 's Guide to a Great Retirement .
" For many people , $ 100,000 to $ 200,000 is enough to retire on . "
Pond argues that you need only to replace 65 percent of your working income to have a comfortable retirement if your house is paid off .
He adds that Social Security will replace 45 percent of income for middle - income Americans .
So , he concludes that most employees need only save enough to generate 20 percent of what they made while working .
Strange History and News of Weird Trivia 1918 to 1934
A collectiong of random facts and strange history from 1918 to 1934 including trivia about human life expectancy , Japanese acrobats , and a major hail storm .
CHRONOLOGY OF UNFORGETTABLE ODDITIES 1918 Attempting to dodge German gunfire , a Canadian pilot named Makepiece went into a sharp nose dive .
In the process his passenger , Capt . J. H. Sedley , fell out of the plane .
When Makepiece leveled off several hundred feet below , the free - falling Sedley miraculously landed on the tail of the airplane , apparently drawn there by the downdraft of the plummeting aircraft .
Sedley clung to the tail , then clambered into his seat , unharmed .
Ultimately the plane landed safely behind Allied lines .
1919
In neglecting to double - check the veracity of the material sent in by their correspondents , the editors of Appleton 's Cyclopaedia of American Biography had left themselves vulnerable to pranksters and incompetents .
In 1919 a wary librarian finally did a bit of investigative research and found that 14 of the biographies in the most recent edition were of nonexistent people and that they had been continuously reprinted since 1886 .
The embarrassing disclosure prompted the Appleton 's people to initiate a more exhaustive housecleaning of their own , which turned up an additional 70 counterfeit biographies .
1920 For the first time in recorded history , the average life expectancy of human beings exceeded that of goldfish .
Before that year , a newborn infant could expect to live 48.4 years .
For many species of wild goldfish , the projected life span was over 50 .
1923 The Westman Publishing Company , American publishers of Handel 's Messiah , filed a plagiarism suit against the composers of the hit tune " Yes , We Have No Bananas , " claiming that it had been stolen from the opening bars of the Hallelujah Chorus .
The publishers won .
1930 Hailstones as large as walnuts , kumquats , and even grapefruit have been recorded , but all are pallid fare compared to some man-sized beauties that fell on Germany in 1930 .
Five glider pilots ran into bad weather high above the mountains and were forced to bail out .
But instead of free - falling , they were lifted by a violent updraft to the top of a cloud , where they acquired a thick coating of ice .
Then they plunged earthward , the ice layer -- alternately melting and refreezing as they passed through successive layers of warm and cold air -- growing ever larger .
All the chutes opened , and one of the men survived .
But the others , frozen to death , hit the ground as human hailstones .
1931 Armed with full catcher 's gear and an outsized mitt , Joe Sprinz of the Cleveland Indians caught a baseball dropped 800 ft. from a hovering dirigible .
While he handled the ball neatly , the impact created a shock wave through his body that fractured his jaw .
1933 A bus carrying a team of seven Japanese acrobats plunged from a cliff near Tokyo .
Death seemed inevitable as the vehicle careened violently down the mountainside , overturning several times .
A few hundred feet down , however , the bus 's progress was stemmed for a split second when it struck a rock .
In that instant , the seven men hurled themselves through open windows and landed in the branches of a tree , bruised and dazed -- but alive .
1934 Track star Glenn Cunningham set a world 's record for the mile on June 16 , with 4:06.8 , despite the fact that as a child he had lost all the toes on his left foot in a fire .
Inaction in boy 's killing called justified STANISLAUS COUNTY Experts say witnesses are understandably scared and confused
A vehicle travels past a blood stain on W. Bradberry Rd. east of Blaker Rd. in rural Stanislaus County , Calif. on Sunday , June 15 , 2008 .
A Modesto Police Department officer flying in a police helicopter landed near a suspect that was beating a infant boy .
The officer shot and killed the Turlock , Calif . man Saturday June 14th , 2008 as he attacked and killed the infant boy .
( AP Photo / The Modesto Bee , Michael Shea ) less A vehicle travels past a blood stain on W. Bradberry Rd. east of Blaker Rd. in rural Stanislaus County , Calif. on Sunday , June 15 , 2008 .
A Modesto Police Department officer flying in a police helicopter landed ... more Photo : Michael Shea , AP Photo : Michael Shea , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Inaction in boy 's killing called justified 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The town of Turlock and much of the rest of the nation was shocked when a 27 - year - old man beat and stomped his 2 - year - old son to death on a rural road .
But what was nearly as stunning for many people was that none of the motorists and their passengers who stopped and saw the attack tried to tackle the man .
Police officers and psychologists familiar with violent emergencies , however , said they were n't surprised at all .
A volunteer firefighter and at least five others saw Sergio Casian Aguiar assaulting his son Saturday night on the road west of Turlock ( Stanislaus County ) , but it was n't until a police officer arrived in a helicopter that the attack finally ended .
Aguiar refused to halt the attack and raised his middle finger at the officer , who shot him to death , authorities said .
Bystanders are justifiably scared and confused in such situations , the experts said Wednesday , and they lack the experience needed to respond with force .
They can also be mesmerized by shock .
John Conaty , a veteran homicide detective and former patrol officer in Pittsburg , said that in interviews of witnesses to violence , " the common thing you hear is , ' I was frozen in fear .
I just could n't take action . ' "
Conaty questioned whether the witnesses had even been capable of stopping Aguiar .
" If they were physically able , you have to take a look at whether they were psychologically prepared to intervene , " he said .
" I would not condemn these people , " said John Darley , a professor of psychology and public affairs at Princeton University who has studied how bystanders react in emergency situations .
" Ordinary people are n't going to tackle a psychotic .
" What we have here , " Darley said , " is a group of family and friends who are not pre-organized to deal with this stuff .
They do n't know who should do what .
...
If you had five volunteer firefighters pull up , you would expect them to have planned responses and a division of labor .
But that 's not what we had here . "
Darley said he was also not surprised that people who were n't at the scene of the killing believe they would have been heroic Good Samaritans .
" It 's an aspiration , " he said .
" They hope they would have done differently . "
First on the scene
One of the witnesses , Deborah McKain of nearby Crows Landing , said she was the first to pull up to the beating scene with her boyfriend , a volunteer fire chief who is 52 , as well as her 20 - year - old son , her son 's wife and her son 's male friend .
They called 911 at 10:13 p.m. , police said .
Over the next seven minutes , McKain said , Aguiar kicked his son at least 100 times as he calmly stated that he needed to " get the demons out " of the boy .
" It was like I was on some type of drug or something , " McKain recalled Tuesday .
" I could n't believe what was going on .
It was like a dream . "
She said her boyfriend , Dan Robinson , forcefully argued with Aguiar in an effort to get him to stop , but that he would not .
At one point , another woman , 23 - year - old Lisa Mota , pulled up in her car , but stayed inside .
" We were looking for rocks or boards on the ground , just to knock him out , get him under control .
But we could n't find anything , " McKain said .
" We did n't know if he had a knife or any kind of weapon on him . "
McKain said she wondered whether Aguiar was on hallucinogenic drugs and whether fighting with him might lead him to hurt several of the witnesses .
She also said it appeared the child was " gone . "
People who are second - guessing her and her family can " never know until they 're in that situation , " McKain said .
" We would have loved to knock his head off , too , but we had nothing to knock it off with . "
Deputy Royjindar Singh , a spokesman for the Stanislaus County Sheriff 's Department , acknowledged there was some " Monday morning quarterbacking " taking place , but said his agency had no problem with the actions of the witnesses .
' Everybody acts differently '
" Your headlights are shining on a person taking the life out of an infant , and not just shaking and slapping but punching and kicking , " Singh said .
" Everybody reacts differently . "
Sheriff 's investigators are still trying to determine why Aguiar , a grocery store worker who recently split up from his schoolteacher wife , killed his son so savagely .
The boy 's name still has not been released .
Investigators have learned that Aguiar left his home near downtown Turlock before the beating , but they do n't know why he drove about 10 miles into an area of cornfields and dairy ranches , Singh said .
He said investigators had found no evidence of drug use at Aguiar 's house or in his pickup , though results of toxicology tests have not yet come back .
Aguiar 's wife , who was in Southern California at the time of the slaying , and others have told investigators that Aguiar " was n't acting differently than how he normally acts , " Singh said .
Aguiar 's family members , who live in Mexico , were traveling to Stanislaus County to talk to deputies , Singh said .
" As of right now , " Singh said , " nobody 's saying he was having problems at all .
It 's baffling .
It sounds like there was nothing anyone could have done . "
WASHINGTON  Roadside bomb attacks and fatalities in Iraq are down by almost 90 % over the last year , according to Pentagon records and interviews with military leaders .
In May , 11 U.S. troops were killed by blasts from improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) compared with 92 in May 2007 , records show .
That 's an 88 % decrease .
Military leaders cite several factors for the drop in attacks and deaths .
They include : • New vehicles .
Almost 7,000 heavily armored Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ( MRAP ) vehicles have been rushed to Iraq in the last year .
" They 've taken hits , many , many hits that would have killed soldiers and marines in uparmored Humvees , " Adm.
Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in a recent interview .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates made obtaining at least 15,000 MRAPs his top priority last year .
• Iraqi assistance .
Ad hoc local security forces , known as the Sons of Iraq , have provided on - the - ground intelligence to U.S. forces looking for IEDs , said Maj .
Gen. Rick Lynch , who commanded a division in Baghdad from February 2007 until May .
Each member of the security forces earns about $ 8 per day .
Lynch has hired about 36,000 of them to man checkpoints and provide intelligence on the insurgency .
He said about 60 % had been insurgents .
• Improved surveillance .
Lynch said his troops used new security cameras that could see bomb builders up to 5 miles away .
" If they 're out there planting an IED , we can go whack them before they finish , " he said .
Also , Lynch said , the 14 - ton MRAPs have forced insurgents to build bigger bombs to knock out the vehicles .
Those bombs take more time to build and hide , which gives U.S. forces a better chance of catching the insurgents in the act and then attacking them .
Among the new U.S. tactics , paying the Sons of Iraq is a particularly good investment , said Dakota Wood , a military analyst at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Whether the money is viewed as " buying off " insurgents is less important than the lull in violence it creates , Wood said .
It 's almost impossible to rebuild infrastructure , foster commerce and set up elections when streets are unsafe , he said .
" Any effort that creates a window of opportunity in which other stabilization actions can take root is a good thing . "
Iraqi insurgents , however , are changing their tactics .
During a visit to the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center at Twentynine Palms , Calif. , Marines showed Mullen the latest trend in IEDs : Fake curbs fashioned from metal , filled with ball bearings and explosives .
Virtually indistinguishable from concrete rubble , the new bombs require a trained eye to spot .
Insurgents are also using pressure - detonated IEDs , including those with 15 pounds of explosives that blow the tires off an MRAP and allow insurgents to attack it , Mullen said .
" The whole issue of IEDs — vehicle borne , suicide , you name it — is going to be the weapon of choice and I think it 's going to be around a long , long time , " he said .
Enlarge Reuters
A man wounded in a suicide bombing receives treatment at a hospital in Baqouba on Sunday .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
スーパ ーPフォースの効果はどのようなものがあるのでしょうか。
これはED治療薬としては有名なバイアグラに含まれている成分と同じなのです。
生体内ではさまざまな物質がはたらき、互いに作用しながらバランスを取っています。
勃起は性的な興奮でおこりますが、これは陰茎にある海綿体に大量の血液が流れ込むことでおきます。
何もしていないときにビンビンに勃起していては困りますから、普段は大量の血液が流れ込まないように調整されています。
そして性的な興奮がおきたときに、このバランスが変化して海綿体に多くの血液が流れ込むようになります。
これが正常な状態です。
ところがEDの場合は、いざ本番というときにも海綿体に血液が流れ込みません。
過剰な血液が流れ込まないように調整している酵素があるのですが、これが働きすぎているのです。
これが5型ホスホジエステラーゼ ( PDE - 5 ) という酵素です。
スーパ ーPフォースを性行為の30分くらい前に服用すると、シルデナフィルが作用して陰茎が勃起し、性行為が正常に行えるようになるのです。
シルデナフィルには血管を拡張する作用があります。
そこで持病がある人は注意が必要です。
ときに心臓の病気で薬を使って治療している人は、治療にニトログリセリン等の硝酸塩系薬剤が使われている場合があります。
作用メカニズムはこれと同じなので、血管が拡張しすぎることで血圧の急激な低下などがおきる場合があります。
スーパ ーPフォースは、心臓への負担も大きくなるので心臓病の人は使うことはできません。
また心臓病でなくても多くの量を使用するのは危険です。
スーパ ーPフォースの1日の限度量は1錠です。
そして一回使用した場合は次の使用まで最低でも24時間以上空けるようにして下さい。
During a press interview for one of her newer books ( Women & Money ) Suze Orman quickly broke down what women should be focusing on financially , with specific ideas for women in their 20’s , 30’s and 40’s .
At 1:47 in length , she really packs a lot of valuable information for women of all ages to consider as they look to shape their future financially .
Bestselling author , TV host , and financial expert , Suze Orman , gives Spruce TV the essential financial moves for a woman in her 20s , 30s and 40s .
This is a MUST - SEE video for women of all ages and socioeconomic backgrounds .
Whether a student , middle - aged , or approaching retirement , whether climbing the corporate ladder or living on a fixed income , whether single or married , the time has come to SAVE YOURSELF !
Whoever penned the old adage “ a watched pot never boils ” surely never tried to heat up water in a pot lined with copper nanorods .
A new study from researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute shows that by adding an invisible layer of the nanomaterials to the bottom of a metal vessel , an order of magnitude less energy is required to bring water to boil .
This increase in efficiency could have a big impact on cooling computer chips , improving heat transfer systems , and reducing costs for industrial boiling applications .
“ Like so many other nanotechnology and nanomaterials breakthroughs , our discovery was completely unexpected , ” said Nikhil A. Koratkar , associate professor in the Department of Mechanical , Aerospace , and Nuclear Engineering at Rensselaer , who led the project .
“ The increased boiling efficiency seems to be the result of an interesting interplay between the nanoscale and microscale surfaces of the treated metal .
The potential applications for this discovery are vast and exciting , and we ’re eager to continue our investigations into this phenomenon . ”
Bringing water to a boil , and the related phase change that transforms the liquid into vapor , requires an interface between the water and air .
In the example of a pot of water , two such interfaces exist : at the top where the water meets air , and at the bottom where the water meets tiny pockets of air trapped in the microscale texture and imperfections on the surface of the pot .
Even though most of the water inside of the pot has reached 100 degrees Celsius and is at boiling temperature , it cannot boil because it is surrounded by other water molecules and there is no interface — i.e. , no air — present to facilitate a phase change .
Bubbles are typically formed when air is trapped inside a microscale cavity on the metal surface of a vessel , and vapor pressure forces the bubble to the top of the vessel .
As this bubble nucleation takes place , water floods the microscale cavity , which in turn prevents any further nucleation from occurring at that specific site .
Koratkar and his team found that by depositing a layer of copper nanorods on the surface of a copper vessel , the nanoscale pockets of air trapped within the forest of nanorods “ feed ” nanobubbles into the microscale cavities of the vessel surface and help to prevent them from getting flooded with water .
This synergistic coupling effect promotes robust boiling and stable bubble nucleation , with large numbers of tiny , frequently occurring bubbles .
advertisement
“ By themselves , the nanoscale and microscale textures are not able to facilitate good boiling , as the nanoscale pockets are simply too small and the microscale cavities are quickly flooded by water and therefore single - use , ” Koratkar said .
“ But working together , the multiscale effect allows for significantly improved boiling .
We observed a 30 - fold increase in active bubble nucleation site density — a fancy term for the number of bubbles created — on the surface treated with copper nanotubes , over the nontreated surface . ”
Boiling is ultimately a vehicle for heat transfer , in that it moves energy from a heat source to the bottom of a vessel and into the contained liquid , which then boils , and turns into vapor that eventually releases the heat into the atmosphere .
This new discovery allows this process to become significantly more efficient , which could translate into considerable efficiency gains and cost savings if incorporated into a wide range of industrial equipment that relies on boiling to create heat or steam .
“ If you can boil water using 30 times less energy , that ’s 30 times less energy you have to pay for , ” he said .
The team ’s discovery could also revolutionize the process of cooling computer chips .
As the physical size of chips has shrunk significantly over the past two decades , it has become increasingly critical to develop ways to cool hot spots and transfer lingering heat away from the chip .
This challenge has grown more prevalent in recent years , and threatens to bottleneck the semiconductor industry ’s ability to develop smaller and more powerful chips .
Boiling is a potential heat transfer technique that can be used to cool chips , Koratkar said , so depositing copper nanorods onto the copper interconnects of chips could lead to new innovations in heat transfer and dissipation for semiconductors .
“ Since computer interconnects are already made of copper , it should be easy and inexpensive to treat those components with a layer of copper nanorods , ” Koratkar said , noting that his group plans to further pursue this possibility .
Along with Koratkar , co-authors of the paper include Rensselaer MANE Associate Professor Yoav Peles ; Rensselaer mechanical engineering graduate student Zuankai Wang ; Rensselaer Center for Integrated Electronics Research Associate Pei-I Wang ; University of Colorado at Boulder Chancellor and former Rensselaer Provost G.P. “ Bud ” Peterson ; and UC - Boulder Assistant Research Professor Chen Li .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation .
The babbling of young zebra finches ( right and left ) may have implications for human baby behavior .
Male songbirds woo females much like the way cell phone companies lure customers , a new study finds .
If all cell phone companies offered the same packages , it would be easy to compare rates and choose the best , quickly driving those with costlier plans out of business .
Instead , the more expensive providers pitch offerings that are difficult to compare — some promise free calls to friends , others present unlimited evening minutes or free long distance .
Likewise , males songbirds that cannot compete at singing one song will switch to another to try and trick females .
The females comparison - shop for mates just as cell phone customers compare plans , researchers found .
" If a male is a better singer than his opponent , he should match the opponent 's song type so that it 's easy for the female to figure out who 's best , " said researcher David Logue , a behavioral ecologist at the University of Lethbridge in Canada .
But if a male knows he is beat , " his best bet is to try to fool her by singing something totally different , " Logue said .
" If she has trouble comparing the two songs , she might make a mistake and pick the worse singer . "
In the cases of both the songbirds and the cell phone companies , " the customer or female bird wants to get the best deal , while advertisers want to sell their product or male bird sperm irrespective of whether the customer gets the best deal available or not , " said researcher Wolfgang Forstmeier , a behavioral ecologist at the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology in Germany .
This could explain why songbirds evolved to learn how to play a variety of tunes .
" Learning songs gives males options , " Forstmeier said .
" Males that learn a variety of songs can match lousy opponents ' songs , but avoid matching the really great singers . "
The same idea might apply to other kinds of animal displays , such as eye - catching dances or bright stripes .
Instead of trying and failing to develop into perfectionists , some males become innovators .
" It may be that new signals evolve because they benefit low quality males , " Forstmeier said .
As long as there is the tendency for female songbirds or cell phone customers to treat bigger or faster or whatever as better , " you kind of can try to sell almost anything as an indicator
of quality to the other sex or your customer . "
To find evidence for this idea , natural choices would be birds often studied regarding songs , such as song sparrows , banded wrens or great tits .
" A good first step would be to ask whether low - quality singers exhibit greater novelty in their songs , " Logue said .
Logue and Forstmeier detailed their findings in the July issue of the journal American Naturalist .
The recent Sichuan Earthquake in China was so intense , tremors were felt all the way over in the tallest completed building in the world - the Taipei 101 building in Taiwan - a whole eight minutes after the quake originated .
( The title of tallest building period was taken by the Burj Dubai back in May . )
What 's interesting about the 101 is that it has a gigantic suspended tuned mass damper , or hanging ball , which takes up four stories and works like this to prevent the building from falling over and tragically crushing office workers .
This 730 ton sphere looks intimidating when still , but wait until you see it in motion during the earthquake .
Advertisement
The guy in the video keeps asking whether it's an earthquake , in case you were wondering .
Advertisement
Deputy
Dog dug up this clip , which I then found via DVICE .
It reminded me of my own visit to the Taipei 101 last year ( see my photos in the gallery above ) .
The ginormous ball , of which the Burj Dubai has nine , was installed on in - place from 41 discrete steel plates because the combined weight of 730 tons would have been too heavy to lift by crane .
The people even came up with a nickname for it : the Damper Baby .
Do n't look at me .
The best I could come up with is some combination of " stabilizer " and " testicle " .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The architects were forced to install it because of high winds and the fact that the Taipei 101 is only 600 feet from a fault line .
In order to get up to the observation floor where you can see the top of the ball , you have to ride in the world 's fastest elevator .
I actually might have my own video of my ride up somewhere , but it 's possible that it was deleted shortly after the world 's fastest elevator ride turned into the world 's stinkiest elevator ride .
I had a lot of good food .
Taipei 101 Elevator , Fastest in the World
We thought that elevator zipping us to the 103rd floor of the Sears Tower was fast , but this one …
Read more
Advertisement
One of the commenters on Deputy Dog wondered why there have n't been reports of people climbing over the barrier and trying to sit on it or swing it manually .
To which another commenter responded , " perhaps it just says that the Chinese are able to restrain themselves from such boneheaded acts , while too many Brits just go crazy and can't act with appropriate restraint . "
No , I do n't think it 's that , although Brits are pretty nutty .
I think it 's because nobody wants to be crushed to death by a 730 ton ball .
[ Deputy Dog via DVice ]
[ Flickr Credit for lead photo ]
June 12 , 2008  --
In the beginning , God created heaven and Earth , and he saw that it was good .
So begins the Book of Genesis , the dramatic opener of the Old Testament .
But things went downhill from there .
God 's wrath seems at work these days , as the heavens and Earth have unleashed earthquakes in China , a cyclone in Burma , killer tornadoes and record floods across the U.S. and even a plague of locusts ( cicadas ) in New England .
In Cedar Rapids , Iowa today , floodwaters forced the evacuation of a downtown hospital after residents of more than 3,000 homes fled for higher ground .
A railroad bridge collapsed , and 100 city blocks were underwater .
" We 're just kind of at God 's mercy right now , so hopefully people that never prayed before this , it might be a good time to start , " Linn County Sheriff Don Zeller said this week as record floods hit the Midwest .
" We 're going to need a lot of prayers and people are going to need a lot of patience and understanding . "
By the final Book of Revelation in the New Testament , the Earth suffers " Seven Plagues " -- from disease to " intense heat " and drought , then finally a shower of deadly hailstones .
And then comes the Apocalypse , the final judgment of man and destruction of the world by fire .
Biblical imagery is all over the news these days — even including a story last week of a New York baby being enwrapped by a snake in its crib , harking back to evil lurking in the Garden of Eden .
[ There was a practical explanation : the non-poisonous snake had embedded itself in a mattress shipped by Toys ' R' Us from California . ]
Most theologians and scientists do n't take seriously warnings that the end of the world is nigh .
But many reputable scholars do lend some credence to the notion that the world is in for some kind of disaster , be it meteorological , ecological or geopolitical .
ABC News will air a dramatic two - hour broadcast in September , Earth 2100 , bringing the greatest minds across the globe together to tell us what we must do to survive the next century .
And what may happen if we do n't .
Though tsunamis , hurricanes and heat waves may not be punishment from God , history teaches that events in the physical world trigger upheaval in society .
Civilizations have risen and fallen over drought , famine and water wars .
" Only wild - eyed fundamentalists would think that recent weather phenomena have any theological significance , " said John P. Meier , a New Testament scholar and professor at Notre Dame in Indiana .
" The Earth has seen and will see much worse in recorded history . "
The Apocalypse is rooted in the Judeo - Christian tradition , but end - of - the - world stories are also woven through some Hindu and Islamic beliefs .
One Catholic University spokesman described it as " the magical mystery tour of the Bible , " filled with vivid imagery : a beast - like antichrist , an angry God and the destruction of the world by fire .
Modern millennialists and eschatologists -- including Yisrayl " Buffalo Bill " Hawkins , the founder of the House of Yahweh religious sect located on a 44 - acre compound outside Abilene , Texas , who predicted ( incorrectly ) the end of the world yesterday , June 12 — have been forecasting Doomsday for decades .
" It 's been going on for millennia and they get it wrong all the time , " said Thomas Reese , senior fellow at the Woodstock Theological Seminary at Georgetown University .
" After the first millennium , they thought the world would come to an end , " he said .
" The pope and the cardinals were in the old St. Peters and they were expecting Jesus to come back .
It did n't happen . "
The Book of Revelation was written at a time when the Romans were persecuting Christians by setting them afire and feeding them to the lions .
" You have to understand the historical context of the Apocalypse and the time it was written , " said Reese .
" They were trying to encourage Christians to have hope and to argue that their cause is just and God will not let the bad guys win . "
" The central message is that sin is not good for people and it has consequences , but we would n't think hurricanes , tidal waves and locusts , " he said .
" We know enough about science today to look on natural events as natural and not coming from God to punish people . "
Meteorologists say there is a natural explanation for all this catastrophic weather — Pacific Decadal Oscillation .
Since the 1970s , the Pacific Ocean has been warming , but now it is going through a cooling phase , according to Jay Searles , forecaster instructor at Penn State University .
" But now , we are flipping , and these flips happen over decades , " said Searles .
" When we go through transition phases like right now , they tend to favor stormy more violent weather – everything we have been observing . "
" We are not being punished , though it may seem like it , " said Searles .
" But there is a scientific reason behind what is happening and that makes sense . "
Stephen B. Chapman , associate professor of the Old Testament at Duke University Divinity School , says the Bible has a lot to say about man 's relationship to the eco-system .
" In the Bible there is an essential relationship between social justice and right worship and ecology , " said Chapman .
" The Bible has an intense interest in ecology . "
Religious scholars are beginning to pay more attention to what the Bible has to say about man 's destruction of the environment and its relationship to natural catastrophes
" The land bearing the cost of global warming is new , but the connection between what humankind does and what societies they form and the health of the land and agriculture is as old as the Bible itself , " he said .
One of the great Bible stories – the flood of Genesis that destroyed the Earth – was caused by " violence , " said Chapman .
But when the floods subside and Noah step out of the ark , the Bible uses " one of the great symbols of hope " – the rainbow .
" The rainbow is explicitly a sign that God will not destroy the earth again and the hope that humankind can live in harmony with natural world . "
But evangelists like Ken Han , founder and CEO of Answers in Genesis and the Creation Museum in Petersburg , Ky. , believe God – not man – is at work in recent weather phenomena .
" There is earthly death payment for sin , " said Han .
" Because of sin , God does n't hold the world perfectly together at times , and he uses certain events to judge a nation . "
The Bible is filled with symbolism , poetry and parables , and Han says Revelation should not be taken " literally . "
Still , " just because it 's apocalyptic literature does n't mean there is no truth there . "
When the world sins , " the whole of creation groans , " according to Han 's interpretation of a Biblical passage in Romans .
Those groans are reflected in recent tornadoes and storms .
" If you carefully look at events there are certain catastrophes , " said Han .
" But God is in control and it's not God 's fault , it 's our fault because we sinned against God . "
What will the fire of the Apocalypse look like ?
" Whatever happens , God will be in charge of it , " he said .
" I do n't see man blowing it up [ either through nuclear destruction or global warming ] . "
" If you believe in the Bible or the Big Bang , everyone agrees about the end of the universe , " said Han .
" Eventually those who believe in the Big Bang say it dies of heat death and it's all purposeless .
But the Christian perspective in there is meaning to life . "
New
Age circles agree that some sort of cataclysmic event will occur — perhaps as early as 2012 , according to ancient Mayan astronomers , who developed the world 's most accurate calendar .
Science writer Lawrence Joseph explores those predictions and other theories of cybernetics – the behavior of complex systems – in his 2007 book , " Apocalypse 2012 . "
He says science can explain why the Earth has experienced recent violent weather patterns .
" When you go from one state to the next period , there is chaos in between , " according to Joseph .
" There are periods of transition and chaos and it's never a straight line . "
Scientists can predict major changes on the Earth by looking at its relationship to the sun , which has behaved " in more startling ways " in the last century , and more dramatically in the last three or four years .
Hurricanes Katrina , Rita and Wilma were " one of the stormiest periods on earth , and one of the stormiest on the sun , " said Joseph .
" People are starting to understand the Earth 's relation to the sun . "
Solar climaxes occur in cycles and the next is expected in 2012 , when some scientists predict its activity will be 30 to 50 times more intense than previous ones .
In the 1400s the sun spots disappeared , and a century of drought and global cooling ensued , according to Joseph .
It triggered chaos , and the eventual collapse of empire in China .
It 's the " domino effect " of weather on civilization " that has me worried , " he said .
" If things in the Middle East were previously unstable , all we need is something that causes starvation in a system that is already teetering over the edge , " Joseph said .
Joseph acknowledges that all the answers do n't lie with science , and people project emotional meaning to natural catastrophes when they are anxious .
Indeed , Americans have much to worry about : political threats , a foundering economy and even high gas prices .
" There is a certain end of the empire anxiety , " he said .
And when weather patterns change , even rational people get nervous .
" There are unchallenged , unspoken assumptions that the seasons come and go your whole life , until the seasons start to mix themselves up and records are broken , " he said .
" It 's profoundly unsettling .
But we 've seen nothing yet . "
Download Download
The ABC / GOP debate in New Hampshire today showed few surprises , but did bring some heated discussions as the candidates pulled out all the right wing talking points in the final push for votes .
The format being used by ABC lent itself well to actual conversation , which is refreshing .
The question in this clip went to Ron Paul , asking him his opinion on the Bush Doctrine of preemptive war and the the politics of fear took over .
Paul explains how U.S. foreign policy helped fuel the attacks of 9/11 , and from there , the rest of the candidates go on the offense .
Watching them try to explain how the islamofacists hate us for our freedoms and why America 's actions play no role in terrorism is nothing short of comical .
Mitt Romney , once again showing his ignorance to history and international issues , says that the U.S. needs to help bring Islamic countries into " modernity and moderation " -- then proceeds to give President Bush a beaming endorsement for keeping us safe .
And , right on cue , Rudy Giuliani chimes in , claiming our foreign policy was " totally irrelevant " to 9/11 and terrorism in general .
This clip is proof positive that if elected , all of the GOP front runners will continue the failed Bush Doctrine of perpetual war , and are completely unfit to lead our country .
After years of disclosures by government investigations , media accounts , and reports from human rights organizations , there is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes .
The only question is whether those who ordered the use of torture will be held to account .
— Maj. General Antonio M. Taguba ( USA - Ret. ) , preface to Broken Laws , Broken Lives
In PHR ’s new report , Broken Laws , Broken Lives , we have for the first time medical evidence to confirm first - hand accounts of men who endured torture by US personnel in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Guantánamo Bay .
These men were never charged with any crime .
Download either the Executive Summary or the full text of the free report Broken Laws , Broken Lives : Medical Evidence of Torture by US Personnel and Its Impact .
Broken Laws , Broken Lives - Executive Summary ( 862.1 KiB )
Broken Laws , Broken Lives - Full Report ( 1.9 MiB )
If you were awful enough to delight in John McCain ’s prebuttal speech trainwreck last night , feast your eyes on the Fox News commentators trying to decide if it was just bad or downright terrible …
( Speaking personally , this episode is one you simply do not want to miss . )
High - res version at Veracifier.com .
LIBREVILLE , gabon–When the body of 13 - year - old Ralph Edang N'na was found drained of blood and with gaping wounds in his genitals , chest and neck last month , many in Gabon thought it was politicians who had ordered his killing .
The murder of children and young adults , whose organs are eaten or used to make magical amulets , has increased in recent years in the oil - rich central African nation .
Campaigners say some Gabonese politicians use the black magic rituals to boost their chances of winning lucrative government posts .
With elections to municipal councils on Sunday , many fear a spate of gruesome child murders .
Every week , mutilated bodies are discovered in the capital Libreville , despite police patrols .
Anxious parents keep a close eye around schools so children are n't snatched .
" It 's before elections and ministerial reshuffles that the vilest crimes are committed and the capital empties of certain kinds of politicians who go to the interior to carry out witchcraft , " said pastor François Bibang , a member of the Association to Fight Ritual Crimes ( ALCR ) .
In ritual killings , which still take place in several African countries , victims ' body parts and blood are used in ceremonies to bestow social success and political power .
The ALCR says February alone saw 12 such killings in Gabon .
" Unfortunately , this practice seems to be spreading again in Gabon , " said Jean - Elvis Ebang Ondo , who founded ALCR after his 12 - year - old son was kidnapped , killed and mutilated in 2005 .
The government set up a National Observatory for the Rights of Children in fall 2006 to implement a UN children 's charter that enshrines , among other things , the right to protection from abuse .
Gabon is one of sub-Saharan Africa 's largest oil producers but most of its citizens live in poverty .
Omar Bongo , who has ruled Gabon since 1967 , used oil funds to weave a web of patronage which has created bitter competition for lucrative political jobs .
Ondo decried " the silence of the state , " – a penal code approved in January omitted any mention of ritual crimes .
No clear figures exist for the number of such victims .
Another activist , Frederic Ntera Etoua , tallied 290 such killings in the jungles of Ogooue - Ivindo province where Ralph Edang N'na died .
Parliamentary speaker Guy Nzouba Ndama opened a session of the assembly on March 3 by denouncing ritual crimes by politicians .
But no politician has been convicted for such crimes .
An attempt to prosecute a legislator from Gamba region last year failed after he claimed parliamentary immunity .
Psychologist Philippe Ndong of Libreville University traces the rise in ritual murders to 2001 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" As legislative elections approached , mutilated bodies were discovered around the country , " he said .
" An 8 - year - old girl was snatched in Ndolou department and killed in Mouila .
The man allegedly responsible was a candidate to Parliament who entered the government after this crime . "
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The music was played on the successor to Manchester 's " Baby "
A scratchy recording of Baa Baa Black Sheep and a truncated version of In the Mood are thought to be the oldest known recordings of computer generated music .
The songs were captured by the BBC in the Autumn of 1951 during a visit to the University of Manchester .
The recording has been unveiled as part of the 60th Anniversary of " Baby " , the forerunner of all modern computers .
The tunes were played on a Ferranti Mark 1 computer , a commercial version of the Baby Machine .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" As far as I know it 's the earliest recording of a computer playing music in the world , probably by quite a wide margin . "
The previous oldest known recordings were made on an IBM mainframe computer at Bell Labs in the US in 1957 , he said .
" That 's where the whole computer music thing started but they were not the first to have a computer play music , " said Mr Doornbusch .
That honour goes to a third machine called CSIRAC , Australia 's first digital computer , which " stunned " audiences with a rendition of Colonel Bogey .
" It played music months or weeks before [ the Manchester ] recording , " said Mr Doornbusch .
However , no one has yet unearthed a recording of CSIRAC in action .
Mood machine Documentary evidence of the Manchester machine 's musical abilities exists thanks to a BBC outside broadcasting team who had gone to the University to record an edition of Children 's Hour .
At the time Manchester was home to a Ferranti Mark 1 , the first commercially available general purpose computer .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " Word must have got around that this electronic brain could play music , " explained Chris Burton of the Computer Conservation Society ( CCS ) .
The music program was written by a friend of computing legend Alan Turing called Christopher Strachey , a maths master at Harrow .
" My understanding is that Chris Strachey got on and wrote a program for playing draughts and when the program terminated it played God Save the King , " said Mr Burton .
Others contend that the program was purely for playing music .
Either way , following the recording , a university engineer called Frank Cooper asked if he could have a copy .
Unable to give him the original , the BBC team cut him another version .
The Ferranti Mark 1 was a polished version of Baby " At the time of the recording outside broadcasts were recorded on to acetate disks , " explained Mr Burton .
" You can hear the presenter tell the recording engineer in the van ' lift Jim ' and that meant lift the cutter off to stop recording . "
During the session , the temperamental machine managed to work its way through Baa Baa Black Sheep , God Save the King and part of In the Mood .
Following one aborted attempt , a laughing presenter says : " The machine 's obviously not in the mood . "
The disc was eventually passed to the CCS , who , along with the University of Manchester , has released the recording to mark the 60th anniversary of the Ferranti machine 's forerunner .
Modern marvel
In the late 1940s Manchester was a hotbed of computer innovation following the birth of Baby , or Small Scale Experimental Machine , in 1948 .
Programming the machines took a great deal of hard work
Enlarge Image
Baby was the forerunner of the Ferranti Mark 1 and was the first computer to contain a memory device that could store a program .
" Baby was the first universal computer , " explained Mr Burton .
" It would perform any task - within its capacity - depending on what program was put in . "
The memory was built from a Cathode Ray Tube and allowed scientists to program 1024 bits , compared to the billions in today 's modern computers .
Before Baby was built , computers such as ENIAC and Colossus had to be rewired to perform different tasks , said Mr Burton .
" You could n't easily change what they did , " said Mr Burton .
Baby successfully ran its first program - to determine the highest factor of a number - on 21 June 1948 .
" That particular program was devised solely to make the machine work very hard so we could see where it was about to go wrong , " Geoff Tootill , one of the builders of Baby told BBC News .
" If you gave the problem to a mathematician , he would take a fraction of a second to give you an answer . "
However , companies quickly capitalised on Baby 's unique abilities , giving rise to machines like the Mark 1 .
" It was the start of the computer age , " said Mr Tootill .
" Although we did n't know it was going to be epoch - making or earth - shattering other than for weather forecasting and other scientific disciplines . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Summary : Should the OK button come before or after the Cancel button ?
Following platform conventions is more important than optimizing an individual dialog box .
We get countless questions about small details in UI design that do n't matter much to the overall user experience .
One classic is the order of buttons in dialog boxes :
OK / Cancel
Cancel / OK
Both are reasonable choices , and people can argue for hours about their preferences :
Listing OK first supports the natural reading order in English and other languages that read left - to - right .
Many other button sets have a natural progression ( say , Yes / No or Previous / Next ) .
You should always list these so that the reading order matches the logical order — in this case , OK / Cancel .
Further , assuming users need OK much more frequently than Cancel , it 's better to place this option first so that keyboard - driven users who tab to the buttons can get to their preferred choice with one less keystroke .
supports the in English and other languages that read left - to - right .
Many other button sets have a natural progression ( say , Yes / No or Previous / Next ) .
You should always list these so that the reading order matches the logical order — in this case , OK / Cancel .
Further , assuming users need OK much more frequently than Cancel , it 's better to place this option first so that keyboard - driven users who tab to the buttons can get to their preferred choice with one less keystroke .
Listing OK last improves the flow , because the dialog box " ends " with its conclusion .
Also , as with Previous / Next , you could argue that OK is the choice that moves the user forward , whereas Cancel moves the user back .
Thus , OK should be in the same location as Next : on the right .
In cases like this , it often does n't matter what you do .
Either choice has good arguments in its favor , and no choice is likely to cause usability catastrophes .
It might save some users 0.1 seconds if you pick the " right " choice for certain circumstances , but it 's simply not worth it to conduct sufficiently elaborate research to find out what that choice is .
Better to spend your usability resources on those things that can change your key performance indicators by 83 % or more .
( Critical application design issues are covered further in the full - day course on Application Design . )
So , to make this specific choice — as well as many other small choices in application design — it 's best to follow the platform GUI standard .
Applying consistent design that follows user expectations saves people much more time ( and many more mistakes ) than doing something that might be a tiny bit more optimal for your application but introduces an inconsistency .
Inconsistency Costs More Time than It Saves
Deviate from the standard , and you 'll easily cost users several minutes — or possibly hours — as they overlook or misuse UI elements .
The time people spend pondering inconsistencies typically sums to much more than the small savings you 'll hypothetically derive from a specialized design .
Sadly , the Windows User Experience Guidelines differ from the Apple Human Interface Guidelines when it comes to the sequence of OK / Cancel buttons :
Windows puts OK first
Apple puts OK last
If you 're designing a desktop application for one of these two personal computer platforms , your choice is easy :
Do what the platform owner tells you to do .
Dialog Buttons for Web - Based Apps
If you 're designing a web - based application , the decision is harder , but you should probably go with the platform preferred by most of your users .
Your server logs will show you the percentage of Windows vs. MacOS users for your specific website or intranet .
Of course , Windows generally has many more users , so if you can't be bothered to check the logs , then the guideline that will apply to most situations is :
OK first , Cancel last , as in this screenshot from Office 2007 :
The screenshot illustrates two additional guidelines for dialog box buttons :
Standard Operating Procedure : Images from a neo-colonial war
By Joanne Laurier
17 June 2008
Directed by Errol Morris , book by Morris and Philip Gourevitch
The infamous photographs taken at the Abu Ghraib prison in the fall of 2003 recorded the depraved treatment suffered by Iraqi detainees at the hands of the US military .
The images , first made public in April and May 2004 , were tangible proof of the terror and criminality employed by the occupying power to suppress a population that opposed and despised its presence .
Veteran American documentarian Errol Morris ( Fog of War ) investigates the context of the photos and the motives of the US military prison guards who took the pictures in his new film , Standard Operating Procedure .
The film ’s high production values are accentuated by an affecting score by Danny Elfman .
Re-enactments and artful special effects add weight to the testimony of the interviewees .
The material amassed in a two - year study , according to Morris , was more than could be contained in one movie and he subsequently co-wrote a book of the same title with the New Yorker staff writer Philip Gourevitch .
“ The one thing that can be said about Abu Ghraib is it was entirely in violation of the Geneva Conventions , ” states Morris in the movie ’s production notes .
“ But it ’s not only about torture .
It ’s everything .
Extortion , kidnapping .
Keeping children in prison .
The use of attack dogs .
This is America ?
This is the America that we ’ve grown up to love and defend ?
And then blaming low - ranked soldiers for all of this ... it ’s the simple idea of little guys getting punished and the big guys who are really responsible walking away .
Cover up , misdirection , scapegoating . ”
The filmmaker mentions that he and his team tried to locate , unsuccessfully , the detainees who appeared in the most notorious photographs .
Their search was particularly focused on the prisoner his guards dubbed “ Gilligan , ” the hooded man photographed standing on a box with electrical wires attached to his hands .
The iconic image , evocative of a crucifixion , became the symbol of the Abu Ghraib horrors .
Morris begins his documentary by establishing those responsible for introducing systematic torture into the Iraqi prison , when prisoners were renamed “ security detainees ” or “ unlawful combatants ” and therefore , according to the White House , not subject to the Geneva Conventions .
This is the moment when “ The gloves are off ” ( as if they had ever been on ! ) became a motivational catch phrase .
Standard Operating Procedure opens with the September 2003 visit that then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld made to Abu Ghraib .
Former Brigadier General Janis Karpinski , at the time commander of the 800th Military Police Brigade and in charge of 15 military detention camps in Iraq , explains to Morris that in the fall of 2003 , Rumsfeld sent Major General Geoffrey Miller to Iraq to “ Gitmo- ize ” operations there .
“ Gitmo ” is the military slang for Guantánamo Bay .
The book provides a more detailed overview of that period .
In September 2003 , General Ricardo Sanchez , then the top military commander in Iraq , issued an order authorizing a number of interrogation techniques , including the “ presence of military working dogs . ”
This was shortly after the 2002 Rumsfeld memo that included , among the list of acceptable interrogation methods , the use of dogs .
Morris and Gourevitch mention that two weeks before Miller flew into Baghdad , at least 23 Guantánamo prisoners had attempted suicide in a mass protest .
That any abuse short of death was standard operating procedure ( SOP ) is categorically asserted in the interviews with five of the “ seven bad apples ” — a media term for the Military Police ( MP ) members who were indicted for crimes perpetrated at the prison .
Those five are Sabrina Harman , Megan Ambuhl , Lynndie England , Jeremy Sivits and Javal Davis .
Morris and his team were not allowed access to Charles Graner and Ivan Frederick , who are still incarcerated by the military .
( The book mentions that as a veteran of the first Gulf War , Graner was denied help for symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder . )
When Sabrina Harman and the others started taking pictures of prisoners strapped naked to the floor , handcuffed in stress positions , hanging upside down , wounded , threatened by dogs , masturbating for their jailers , draped in women ’s underwear , positioned naked in a pyramid formation , dragged around on dog leashes , as well as bodies of dead detainees and blood - drenched cells , torture policies had already been put into place by the military and the CIA .
Lynndie England says coldly , “ This is what we saw . ”
Morris states that “ they [ the seven MPs ] were punished for embarrassing the military , for embarrassing the administration .
One central irony : Sabrina Harman was threatened with prosecution for taking pictures of a man [ Manadel al - Jamadi ] who had been killed by the CIA .
She had nothing whatsoever to do with the killing , she merely photographed the corpse .
But without her photographs we would know nothing of this crime . ”
No agency operative , Morris points out , has ever been charged or convicted in connection with the murder .
Javal Davis sums it up for the rest when he claims that what he did and was witness to were wrong , but “ it was affirmed and reassured through the leadership — we are at war , this is Military Intelligence , this is what they do — and it ’s just a job .
So you become numb to it .
It ’s nothing .
It just becomes the norm . ”
That soldiers , police or government officials were “ just carrying out orders ” when they committed horrendous crimes was a defense , of course , that was rejected by international courts of law and world public opinion in the mid-twentieth century .
It is no more justifiable in Iraq .
Nonetheless , Morris contends , quite rightly , that the seven guards were scapegoated while top officials in the military and the Bush administration got off scot - free .
The guards , the authors argue in the book , were “ [ i ] nexperienced , untrained , under attack , and under orders to do wrong . ”
In the documentary , Morris allows the MPs to try and defend themselves .
In particular , he uses the letters that Harman wrote to her domestic partner as a prominent narrative device .
In those Harman claims that her photos were meant “ to prove the US is not what it says , ” i.e. , that they were actually taken to expose the abuse going on .
A hard - boiled Ambuhl tells the camera that “ the pictures only show you a fraction of a second .
You do n’t see forward , you do n’t see behind , you do n’t see outside the frame . ”
England , the most inarticulate and oppressed of the lot , defends the entire episode , claiming the experience at Abu Ghraib was worth something because she eventually bore a son from Graner .
“ We did n’t kill ‘em , ” she says belligerently .
“ We did n’t cut their heads off .
We did n’t shoot ‘ em .
We did n’t make ‘em bleed to death .
We did what we were told , soften ‘ em up [ for interrogation ] . ”
The documentary and accompanying book contain a good deal of valuable and harrowing material .
For Morris , previously the epitome of the passive documentarian , who apparently refuses to adopt an attitude toward his material , this is an advance .
The horrors of the war and the criminality of the American establishment are having an impact on artists , as they must .
However , the approach of Morris ( and Gourevitch ) still raise questions .
Standard Operating Procedure says a great deal , but leaves a great deal unsaid .
The Abu Ghraib incident was no passing phase , or a minor blemish on the surface of “ American democracy . ”
It helped tear away the mask and reveal the ugly face of US imperialism .
There is shallowness in the filmmakers ’ treatment , an underestimation of the crisis of American society , an unwillingness to see just how far things have gone .
After all , what is the viewer to make of men and women who , with apparent relish , abuse in the most degrading fashion defenseless prisoners , who show no ability to empathize and who seem devoid of an awareness of the depravity of their actions ?
It is correct to point out that these are not monsters , it ’s another to relativize or ‘ normalize ’ their behavior , which the film borders on doing at times .
These individuals are product of American society and the police / military culture in particular .
The crimes in Iraq are “ Made in the USA . ”
What sort of society produces such behavior ?
The film culminates in a chilling scene in which Brent Pack , the lead forensic examiner of the computer crime unit of the US Army Criminal Investigative Unit , in analyzing the thousands of Abu Ghraib photographs , distinguishes between those depicting a criminal act from those whose contents fall within the norms of SOP , i.e. , “ standard operating procedure . ”
So , for example , naked men forced to masturbate or piled on top of one another in a human pyramid — a criminal act .
Men cuffed to a bed and forced to wear female underwear on their heads — SOP .
The treatment of the prisoner called Gilligan , terrorized into thinking he was in immediate danger of electrocution — SOP .
Etc. , etc .
Morris gives Gen. Karpinski wide latitude , in the form of lengthy screen - time , to proclaim her innocence as a pawn of higher - ups .
In an interview about the genesis of Standard Operating Procedure , the director says : “ I brought Karpinski to Boston and we did a 17 - hour interview over two days , this quite extraordinary interview where Janis Karpinski started out angry and got angrier and angrier and angrier ... [ A]t one point she made a comparison between Lynndie England and herself and Jessica Lynch .
I suppose it ’s these pictures of American women in the military , how the story changed from the damsel in distress to these evil witches who caused perhaps the demise of our war effort in Iraq .
And the way Janis put it , I will never , ever forget .
She said , ‘ They needed another face of American women in the military in Iraq and it was Lynndie England and it was me . ’”
This appears to be the essence of Morris ’ sympathy for the demoted general .
But despite certain criticisms of the powers that be , there is no mention in either the movie or the book of the real context of the Abu Ghraib photographs : that the use of torture was bound up with policies pursued by the Bush administration , and supported by the Democratic Party , using the attacks of September 11 as a pretext .
That neither oil nor any other geopolitical factor is ever brought up suggests that Morris and Gourevitch either tacitly accept the bogus “ war on terror , ” or do not have the political and intellectual wherewithal to challenge it .
Moreover , implicit in the film but explicit in the book is the notion of collective guilt .
“ The stain is ours , ” write Morris and Gourevitch , “ because whatever else the Iraq war was about , it was always , above all , about America ... What was at stake , for the war ’s advocates , skeptics , and opponents alike , was an American story — the story of America as a champion of law and liberty at home and abroad , a tough but righteous arbiter of the destiny of nations , intolerant only of intolerance , a scourge to rogue nations and bandit dictators who usurp the innate craving of all humankind to aspire to her example . ”
No , this is not a story about America , it is a story about the America of the bankers , generals and torturers , the ruling elite and its accomplices aligned against the population of Iraq and the American people .
In something akin to a post - modern disclaimer , the authors write that “ [ t ] here is a constant temptation , when rendering an account of history , to distort reality by making too much sense of it .
This temptation is greatest when the history is fresh and deals with crises that are ongoing — crises that mold our understanding of the world and ourselves . ”
This is pretty shabby and somewhat self - defeating , a roundabout way of warning the spectator not to draw too many conclusions from the images in the film .
Morris and Gourevitch go on to say that the nightmare of Abu Ghraib was “ entirely gratuitous ” because it produced “ no great score of useful intelligence . ”
What if it had ?
And what do they consider useful intelligence — the capture of an Iraqi insurgent fighting a foreign occupier ?
However , there is an even larger issue .
The round - up , incarceration and torture of tens of thousands of Iraqis ( the film does point out that those in the photographs were generally innocent civilians ) have not been carried out simply for the purposes of gathering intelligence , although that is clearly one reason , but also with the aim of terrorizing and intimidating an entire population .
This is the history of modern “ counter - insurgency , ” in Algeria , Vietnam and now Iraq .
There is also something distasteful about the debate in the book as to which was worse , the photograph of “ Gilligan ” standing on the box , or the dead al - Jamadi .
“ Why Gilligan , when al - Jamadi had been lying dead in the shower ? ” ask the authors .
This is an evasion .
All the photos are evidence of a single criminal operation for which those who set it into motion — George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Colin Powell , Gen. Sanchez , Gen . Miller and others — should be brought before war crimes tribunals .
In the end , wrong - headedly , Morris and Gourevitch accuse everyone , including those tormented , of responsibility for the Abu Ghraib atrocity .
The book ends , literally , by opining that “ captors and captives alike — made their accommodations .
We all did . ”
One wants to say , speak for yourself .
Whatever is of value in Standard Operating Procedure , both its cinematic and literary versions , is diminished by this outlook .
A decade ago , when I first got a cellphone , I sometimes would call my wife while walking home over the Brooklyn Bridge .
( Yeah , it 's a pretty neat commute . )
Her reaction was always the same : " Why are you calling me ?
Is something wrong ? "
When I 'd sheepishly say no , she 'd point out that I could talk to her at home , and shoo me off the line posthaste .
At first I 'd grumble about this -- did n't my wife grasp the wonders of the technological revolution ? -- but pretty soon I came around to her way of thinking , and in doing so confronted ...
Preparation H Finds Place in Club Circuit
Men May Be Clueless About the Real Effects of the Ointment
Of all the drugs young people can use at clubs , the latest trend in New York may be the least hip among all circles : Preparation H .
New York bouncer , blogger and author Rob Fitzgerald has noticed a trend among many of the macho young men waiting outside his clubs .
He says the guys are slathering up their torsos with the hemorrhoid cream Preparation H to make themselves look " ripped " for the ladies .
Fitzgerald asked one of these guys to describe the practice for his blog , Clublife , " The way you use it is to take your shirt off and rub it all over yourself before you go to the club , " a man who gave the alias , Peter Minichiello , says .
" If you want to get [ lucky ] , you have to know how to dance , and if you want girls to dance with you , you have to look ripped . "
The idea is a bad imitation of a flab spot - treatment secret used by bodybuilders before a competition .
But the clubbers who lube up may not like to hear what the medicine in Preparation H actually does to their frame or the real health risks it can pose .
Bodybuilders and Posers
" The bodybuilders I know use it on their obliques -- their love handles -- to take away any lingering water weight before shows , " Fitzgerald told ABC News .
" The guys in the clubs heard about this , and the use of it spread virally like some kind of Internet meme . "
Preparation H contains a medication called phenylephrine HCL that -- when used for the drug 's intended purpose -- will shrink the swollen tissues of hemorrhoids .
It works by constricting the nearby blood vessels that feed blood and fluid to the area .
But the ingredient does n't discriminate what kind of tissue it will shrink , hence the underground beauty tips of applying Preparation H under the eyes , on love handles or other places .
None of which Wyeth , the makers of Preparation H , support .
" Applying it to one 's chest is an off - label use of Preparation H , " said Milicent Brooks , a representative of Wyeth Consumer Healthcare .
" We do n't approve or endorse any off - label uses . "
For bodybuilders , amateur contests are a challenge to both build muscle and to showcase it .
On a strength contest alone , hefty 300 - pound football offensive linemen could enter .
But to show muscles , bodybuilders must also thin anything that stands in the way between their brawn and the audience , including fat , skin and fluid .
" Some individuals have naturally thicker skin due to their genetics , and even if they become lean and have low body fat , they still do n't look shredded , " said Steve Downs , vice president of International Natural Bodybuilding and Fitness Federation .
" Others have naturally thin skin and require less dieting to get into contest shape , and can look much more ripped and defined , " said Downs , who adds he has only heard of a few bodybuilders using Preparation H during his career .
Even if Preparation H actually thins skin over the muscles of bodybuilders , it wo n't turn the clubber with an average build into Popeye .
The Real Effect
" If anything , it would make your chest smaller , " said Dr. Darrell S. Rigel , clinical professor of dermatology at New York University Medical Center in New York City .
" Medically , there 's nothing in there to make you bigger .
If you put cayenne pepper on you , now that would do something -- that would be the opposite of Preparation H. "
Rigel says the inflammatory chemicals in cayenne pepper would make the skin swell over the muscles , giving the illusion of larger muscles .
Yet with the cooling ingredients in Preparation H , and the obvious burning effect of cayenne pepper , men in clubs might choose to look small and sinewy rather than strong and swollen .
But Dr. Leslie Baumann , author of Skinguru.com and director of the Institute of Cosmetic Medicine and Research at the University of Miami , warns that Preparation H also can have uncomfortable side effects .
" It can work , but you can also get an allergy to it , " said Baumann , who knew a friend who applied Preparation H under her eyes the day of her wedding only to break out with a rash on her face .
Rigel said Preparation H can have more serious side effects inside the body .
Since the active ingredient works by constricting blood vessels , Preparation H has the potential to raise blood pressure .
" Probably if you put enough of it on , it would raise your blood pressure , " Rigel said .
" It 's not designed to cover the whole area of your chest .
It 's designed to cover a small part of your rear end . "
by Ryan Jarrett
September 17th , 2007 | Posted in Audio , Review | 28 Comments
Winamp , that staple of media players , will soon turn 10 !
And its not letting it pass without a bang .
On the 10th of October at 10:10 am , Winamp 5.5 ( PC - only ) will be released sporting two new and potentially controversial features : support for mp3 blogs and the ability to stream your music collection over the Internet ( a Beta version is available here ) .
Cashing in on the growing popularity of mp3 blogs , and the lack of tools to take advantage of them , Winamp ’s Media Monitor can be used in conjunction with the software ’s built - in browser to access any mp3s linked to on a blog page , presented as a playlist or even downloaded to your library .
Winamp also includes handy links to a dozen or so music blogs to get you started .
The second major new feature is the Winamp Remote .
This acts like a local media server , cataloging your tracks and videos and then enabling you to access them from another device , including other PCs running Winamp or via a web browser , various mobile devices , and game consoles ( Playstation 3 , XBox 360 or Nintendo Wii ) .
However , unlike iTunes , sharing is n’t restricted to devices on the local network , and instead you can also share your music over the Internet .
To make this relatively simple , Winamp prompts you to send an email ( or SMS text message ) to a friend to let them access your playlists from their computer ( they ’ll need to create a free account to verify their identity , but only once ) .
In this regard , Winamp Remote makes iTunes ’ network sharing features seem rather puny and inflexible .
Also new to version 5.5 is the “ Bento ” skin .
This is a move away from Winamp ’s traditional multi- windowed interface ( the default skin ) , which can be confusing and cluttered at times .
Instead , the new skin only has one window which is more in keeping with other media management software .
The rest of Winamp performs as you ’d expect it .
It is still a very good media player ; responsive , highly customisable , able to cope with many formats and yet still has a low demand on system resources .
It will synchronise with a number of portable media players , including iPods * , making it a potential replacement for iTunes or Windows Media Player .
Obviously , its still a beta version so there are some niggles with the program — it locked the interface for the duration of one track , although it had worked fine previously , and there are a couple of error messages when you close the program .
Winamp continues to evolve , and the new and bold features are a worthy update in which to mark the application ’s tenth anniversary .
* Reports on the web suggest that Apple ’s latest iPods ( the Nano Video , Classic and Touch ) break the ability to manage the device ’s music library using software other than iTunes , including Winamp .
Update : hackers have unlocked the DB , so it may be just a matter of time .
( LifeWire ) --
When Susie Toth 's boyfriend told her a few months after she moved in that they " needed to talk , " she was crestfallen .
Sean Gettings says he 's fine as long as his wife Amy confines her junk to her " messy hideaway " on wheels .
" I thought he was going to break up with me , " says the 23 - year - old Milwaukee real estate agent .
" I honestly thought it was going to be something horrible . "
It was : Susie 's housekeeping .
Her boyfriend -- Erik , 33 , an engineer who 's " kind of a neat freak , " she says -- felt she was n't dusting , vacuuming or picking up after herself nearly enough .
" I thought I was keeping the house pretty clean , " she says , " but it did n't feel right to him .
It was n't meticulous . "
Welcome to the dirty - dish divide .
While some couples ' biggest challenges have to do with money , sex or child - rearing , others get into huge , sweeping battles over the broom : Person A feels Person B is n't wielding it nearly enough ; Person B feels Person A is unhealthily obsessed with cleanliness .
Sam R. Hamburg , a clinical psychologist and marital therapist in Chicago , says discussing housekeeping before moving in together can help couples avoid this kind of nitty - gritty grief .
" The earlier you face up to differences like this and talk frankly about them , the better off you are , " says Hamburg .
But what happens when you 're already living with a Pigpen or a Swiffer - obsessed spouse ?
Is there such a thing as a moderately clean middle ground ?
Do it yourself
One tack Hamburg takes when the neat - versus - messy motif comes up in therapy is to suggest that the neat freak take responsibility for the cleaning .
" My first line of defense is to say , ' Well , if you want the place up to a certain standard of neatness , you have to accept the fact that you 're going to be the one who does it . ' "
Toth 's boyfriend started writing down her daily chores on a dry - erase board .
Unfortunately , his expectations soon got out of hand .
" He wanted me to vacuum the living room once a week even though we never use it , plus dust all of his antiques .
And he wanted me to scoop the litter boxes every day -- and there are three of them , one for each of his cats , " she says .
" In the beginning , I was like , ' Yeah , no problem .
I 'm trying to make this relationship work , ' but after a while I got resentful .
So I talked to him and he agreed that he would do the things he was really nitpicky about . "
Meet in the middle
For Sean Gettings , a 37 - year - old stay - at - home dad from Portland , Oregon , communication and compromise saved the day .
" I feel like the living room is a mess if there are cups on the coffee table , " he says .
" And my wife ( Amy , 37 , a nonprofit director ) is the opposite .
She can go a couple of weeks without vacuuming and leave the laundry on the dresser for two , three , four days .
" But we 're all about compromising .
That 's the key to a relationship . "
The couple started writing down the chores they wanted done each week and had discussions ( never fights ) about their disparate styles .
Little by little , each started to modify their behavior -- although Gettings admits his wife may have compromised a bit more than he .
" I 'm not a very fun person to live with if the house is a mess , " he says .
" So I 'm sure Amy came more to the middle than I did .
...
She 's become more clean and organized and I 've become less anal . "
' Messy Hideaway '
Also helpful was the fact that the couple owned two cars .
" Her car is the one place she can be as messy as she likes and I do n't have to look at it , " he says .
" It 's her messy hideaway . "
Helen Flaws , a 66 - year - old pet portrait artist from Freeport , Florida , says her messy husband 's " man cave " has helped their marriage as well .
Send us photos , videos of your man cave
" He has one room , just for himself and his projects , " she says of Jack , 69 , a retired machinist .
" I do n't clean it or vacuum it -- nothing .
He can go in there and be as messy as he wants , and I can keep the rest of the house company - ready . "
But the concept of a refuge works both ways , says Forrest Jackson , a 36 - year - old contractor from Seattle .
" I'm a minimalist and my girlfriend is a collector , " he says .
" Hats , clothes , kitchen stuff , every sort of thing imaginable .
I refer to her as Princess Periodical because of her magazines and newspapers .
But I have an office downstairs where I can focus all of my manic energy .
" Whenever I 'm tempted to bring a trash can into the house and start throwing things out , I just go downstairs and file . "
For those who just can't make it work , Hamburg has one final solution : Call in reinforcements .
" Often , the one real effective solution for people with a little bit of means , " he says , " is to just hire a cleaning lady . "
E-mail to a friend
LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers .
Diane Mapes is the author of " How to Date in a Post - Dating World . "
Her column , Single Shot , appears in the Seattle Post - Intelligencer .
We 'd love to tell you all of this is simply a bad dream , but unfortunately for us , it 's not .
For whatever reason , Staples has agreed to start stocking 24 to 26 different newer DVD releases at a time " in standalone displays at the front of its stores . "
We 're not talking about your standard discs , however -- we 're talking about those Flexplay units that vanished completely years ago ( or so we thought ) .
For those who need a refresher ( that 's just about everyone , right ? ) , these time - limited discs only function for 48 hours after they 've been removed from their sealed packages , creating coasters after two days .
This go 'round , Flexplay is pushing the recycling aspect while Staples is hoping that business owners pick up a title or two next time they come in looking for pens and paper shredders .
Even more absurd ?
The $ 4 to $ 6 price tag on each .
[ Via PCWorld ]
The Age Of The Millenials
They are young adults and have been coddled by their parents to the point of being ill prepared for a demanding workplace .
Morley Safer reports on the generation called " Millenials . "
Three of the biggest US internet service providers have agreed to block access to bulletin boards and websites that carry images of child sex abuse .
The firms - Verizon , Sprint and Time Warner Cable - will also provide more than $ 1 m ( £ 500,000 ) to fund efforts to remove child sex sites .
The agreement was brokered by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo .
Previous attempts to crack down on child pornography have been resisted by the industry .
Internet companies had previously argued that they could not be held responsible for how individuals communicate with other individuals online .
Law enforcement agencies therefore concentrated on targeting the producers of images of child sex abuse rather than the ISPs .
' Graphic '
Mr Cuomo's initiative represents a new approach .
" You can't help but look at this material and not be disturbed , " the New York Times quoted Mr Cuomo as saying .
" To say ' graphic ' and ' egregious ' does n't capture it , " he added .
Agents from Mr Cuomo's office conducted an eight - month investigation into the ISPs before the agreement was reached .
They posed as ISP subscribers and complained to the companies that they were allowing images of child sex abuse to proliferate in spite of customer service agreements pledging to discourage such activity .
Mr Cuomo's office threatened the ISPs with charges of fraud and deceptive business practices .
In an attempt to avoid the charges , the firms agreed to Mr Cuomo 's terms , including the agreement to block access to child sex sites .
The agreement will affect customers across the US .
Negotiations with other service providers to broker similar agreements are continuing , according to Mr Cuomo .
Hindi Channels on XM and Sirius XM satellite radio channel lineup Sirius satellite radio channel guide I just went through the channel lineup of both satellite radio pro ...
Nissan 60000 Mile Maintenance Service My Nissan dealer offers two types of services for 60,000 mile scheduled maintenance service : Basic Service and Premium Maintenance .
The basi ...
Where is Hindi station on XM or Sirius ?
Where is Hindi station on XM or Sirius ?
The answer is , it is not there .
I keep checking the XM and Sirius websites for a Hindi station almo ...
phpBB3 installation on godaddy I set out to install phpBB3 on godaddy servers recently .
The first set of instructions were to create a database where phpBB3 installation w...
Visual Studio Keyboard Shortcuts
1 ) How to compile the solution with keyboard shortcut in Visual Studio ?
' ctrl + shift + B ' 2 ) How to search a word in the current d...
Toyota 60,000 Mile Maintenance Service
My 2009 Toyota Camry 's scheduled maintenance guide says that the following will be done when the dealer 's service department perform ...
ICC impact on 495 traffic
What will be the impact of ICC – Inter County Connector ( MD - 200 ) on the traffic on the Washington DC beltway ?
The ICC is scheduled to ope ...
Load and LoadXML in ASP Dim objDOM Dim blnOutput objDOM = Server.CreateObject ( " MSXML2.DOMDocument.4.0 " ) blnOutput = objDOM.Load( Server.MapPath(XMLFileNam ...
Laurel MD Hindi Movie
Theater I keep losing the phone number of the Hindi Theater in Laurel , MD .
The search engines do n't help me when I try to find it on the interne ...
Advertisements
Barack Obama announced today that he is not accepting public financing for the general election , “ It ’s not an easy decision , and especially because I support a robust system of public financing of elections .
But the public financing of presidential elections as it exists today is broken , and we face opponents who ’ve become masters at gaming this broken system . ”
“ John McCain ’s campaign and the Republican National Committee are fueled by contributions from Washington lobbyists and special interest PACs .
And we ’ve already seen that he ’s not going to stop the smears and attacks from his allies running so - called 527 groups , who will spend millions and millions of dollars in unlimited donations , ” Obama said .
He spoke about raising money in new way , “ From the very beginning of this campaign , I have asked my supporters to avoid that kind of unregulated activity and join us in building a new kind of politics – and you have .
Instead of forcing us to rely on millions from Washington lobbyists and special interest PACs , you ’ve fueled this campaign with donations of $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 20 , whatever you can afford .
And because you did , we ’ve built a grassroots movement of over 1.5 million Americans .
We ’ve won the Democratic nomination by relying on ordinary people coming together to achieve extraordinary things . ”
Advertisements
“ You ’ve already changed the way campaigns are funded because you know that ’s the only way we can truly change how Washington works .
And that ’s the path we will continue in this general election .
I ’m asking you to try to do something that ’s never been done before .
Declare our independence from a broken system , and run the type of campaign that reflects the grassroots values that have already changed our politics and brought us this far , ” Obama continued .
It is no surprise that with a fundraising base of 1.5 million people Barack Obama decided to go back on his promise to accept public financing , but the question is will this hurt him with voters ?
From my experience writing about public financing , I doubt that the voters will care , but back before Obama became a fundraising machine , he did promise , “ I will aggressively pursue an agreement with the Republican nominee to preserve a publicly financed general election . ”
The McCain campaign has already jumped all over Obama for breaking his promise , but McCain is so cash strapped that it will need to rely on unregulated 527s and the Republican Party to compete with Obama in the fall .
They needed Obama to accept public financing or else they are going to be outspent 2 or 3 to 1 .
Since Obama does n’t raise most of his money in the usual way , so I do n’t think that he can be labeled politics as usual .
If the shoe was on the other foot , I have no doubt that McCain would have done the same thing .
My personal experience has been that when politicians start talking about campaign finance voters go to sleep .
I do n’t think this issue is going to matter to voters .
The reason why there has n’t been real campaign finance reform is that the American people do n’t care how the elections are funded , and I do n’t think that will change this year or anytime soon .
Full Text of Obama ’s Message
As gas prices continue to soar to record highs , motorists are crying out for an alternative that wo n’t cramp their pocketbooks .
Scientists at U.S. Department of Energy ’s Argonne National Laboratory are answering that call by working to chemically manipulate algae for production of the next generation of renewable fuels – hydrogen gas .
“ We believe there is a fundamental advantage in looking at the production of hydrogen by photosynthesis as a renewable fuel , ” senior chemist David Tiede said .
“ Right now , ethanol is being produced from corn , but generating ethanol from corn is a thermodynamically much more inefficient process . ”
Some varieties of algae , a kind of unicellular plant , contain an enzyme called hydrogenase that can create small amounts of hydrogen gas .
Tiede said many believe this is used by Nature as a way to get rid of excess reducing equivalents that are produced under high light conditions , but there is little benefit to the plant .
Tiede and his group are trying to find a way to take the part of the enzyme that creates the gas and introduce it into the photosynthesis process .
The result would be a large amount of hydrogen gas , possibly on par with the amount of oxygen created .
“ Biology can do it , but it ’s making it do it at 5 - 10 percent yield that ’s the problem , ” Tiede said .
“ What we would like to do is take that catalyst out of hydrogenase and put into the photosynthetic protein framework .
We are fortunate to have Professor Thomas Rauchfuss as a collaborator from the University of Illinois at Champaign - Urbana who is an expert on the synthesis of hydrogenase active site mimics . ”
Algae has several benefits over corn in fuel production .
It can be grown in a closed system almost anywhere including deserts or even rooftops , and there is no competition for food or fertile soil .
Algae is also easier to harvest because it has no roots or fruit and grows dispersed in water .
“ If you have terrestrial plants like corn , you are restricted to where you could grow them , ” Tiede said .
“ There is a problem now with biofuel crops competing with food crops because they are both using the same space .
Algae provides an alternative , which can be grown in a closed photobioreactor analogous to a microbial fermentor that you could move any place . ”
Tiede admitted the research is its beginning phases , but he is confident in his team and their research goals .
The next step is to create a way to attach the catalytic enzyme to the molecule .
Funding for the research was provided by the U.S. Department of Energy , Office of Science , Office of Basic Energy Sciences .
Copyright scholar and activist James Grimmelman sez , " For people curious about Oregon 's " our laws are copyrighted , so hands off ! " move , I 've written an essay providing some context .
Oregon is n't the first to try to copyright the law .
In fact , the first Supreme Court case on copyright was about a collection of court opinions .
The history of legal publishing is all about new technologies , the heroes who first used them , and the villains who tried to copyright the results ( sometimes the exact same guys ) .
It also goes into what 's at stake in the Oregon fracas , what the legal issues are , and how we can improve access to the law . "
Principles for a New Era
In setting out principles for thinking about copyright in this new age of technological access to the law , I 'm not going to focus here on existing copyright doctrine .
Rather I 'd like to look at what the essential freedoms are in relationship to law .
These freedoms are the ones that everyone ideally needs to have to consult and make use of " the law " ; my argument is that computer and Internet technologies enable us to go much further in ensuring them than ever before .
Think of them as guiding principles .
* The right to access : First and most fundamentally , people need to be able to get at the law .
This puts a basic initial duty on the government not merely to publish the law but to publish it online in accessible formats with the right metadata , so that people can find it and know what it is .
We should n't exclusively rely on the government , any more than we relied on it exclusively in the 19th century .
But governmental online publication is the first step , the one that makes the rest possible .
* The right to distribute :
Once primary legal information is online , anyone should be able to pick it up and republish it as they see fit .
That could be coordinated with other materials in larger collections , it could be pushed out to mobile devices , it could be reformatted or sliced and diced in some clever new way .
Law should n't get in the way of people who are taking it on themselves to publish it .
* The right to extract :
Then there 's the intermingling problem .
Anyone has to be free to do what Richard Peters did : to extract the public - domain legal materials and reproduce them .
This is a strong principle , and needs to override any voluntary agreements to the contrary .
That is , a private publisher should n't be able to require that you give this right up if you get the legal materials under digital rights media management with a clickwrap contract .
It should n't matter that you click " I agree not to tell people what the law is . "
You should still be free to tell people what the law is .
* The right not to extract :
The flip - side of this principle is important , too .
You should n't be able to make things hard to extract .
No one should have to write a parser to strip out that green sentence from the midst of all the red that surrounds it .
To the extent that copyrighted material has been so intermingled with public - domain legal material as to make it a significant challenge or to require significant work to extract the underlying material , there should be a right to redistribute the collection as a whole .
Whatever the most accessible version of the law is , you have a right to use that version .
One might object that this rule erases the incentive to make annotations .
On the contrary , it provides an incentive to make your annotations cleanly , with a clear layer separation between the primary materials that are the law and the secondary annotations that help people understand the law .
* The right to cite : Finally , there 's citation .
Anyone , of course , is free to use the citations themselves ; Oregon basically concedes this one .
But to the extent that a citation system becomes a standard ( and especially where government requires you to use a particular citation system ) , anyone should be able to reproduce the necessary citation information as part of their own materials .
( West has sued companies that want to reproduce what 's called " star pagination " ; that is , little flags in the text or the opinion that show you whenever the West case number changes .
They 've won in one federal appeals court and lost in another . )
Otherwise , a standard citation system allows its creator to assert de facto copyright control over the underlying legal materials .
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you .
— Dale Carnegie
Positive relationships are the foundation of an interesting life .
Regular readers of my blog know that I advocate talking to strangers as a fantastic way of shaking up reality .
But that ’s not the whole story .
If your interactional energy is misspent , you can end up in a repetitive cycle of drive - by friendships , random sexual adventures that are as fun as they are meaningless , and a general sense of wondering why you seem to always end up back where you started .
Making your own introductions is a life - changing force .
But how do you channel this bravado into building relationships that last ?
How do you find friends that will raise the ceiling of your potential rather than criticize you for your passions ?
How do you meet girls that belong in your world and not just in your bedroom ?
How do you get a life ?
Love Being Alone
The prerequisite to building a healthy social life is , ironically , being comfortable by yourself .
If you ’re starting from zero , the reasons for this are obvious : you do n’t have much choice .
If you have a few friends but find that they drag you down , withdrawing from that crowd and starting anew will probably require staying in more frequently .
Also , being too desperate for the company of others will hinder authentic interaction .
You ’ll be more worried about external validation instead of just letting it flow and being open to discovering connections .
Appreciating aloneness starts by consciously acknowledging the freedom it brings .
When you enjoy your own company you can be flexible about who you choose to hang with , instead of letting the ego ’s fear of being alone suck you into social scenes you do n’t really like .
It also helps to have interests that can be pursued on your own .
I ’m fortunate to have many : reading , writing , cooking , software development , and online poker , among others .
I ’m just as happy staying in as going out , as long as I keep a good balance between the two .
You can even use your alone time to apply the ideas in this article to help build your social life .
Start With Who You Already Know
Getting a life means becoming a person who initiates interactions , instead of always waiting for others to make the first move .
A great place to start is with the people you already know .
Most of us can probably think of one or more people that we ’re horrible at keeping in touch with .
These might be former acquaintances , people you met while travelling , someone you enjoyed working with in the past , old friends , or even current friends .
When making this list , reach as far back into your past as you can , as long as you keep finding examples of people you wish you ’d stayed in touch with .
Then contact them .
I prefer email , especially when it ’s someone I have n’t talked to in a while .
If you do n’t have the person ’s email address , try Google .
Alternatively , you might have a mutual friend who can put you in touch .
I did this several weeks ago .
It was easy for me to think of many people with whom I ’m horrible at keeping in touch .
I ended up sending over a dozen emails to former coworkers I enjoyed working with , friends in other cities , and even local buddies who I do n’t talk to nearly enough , often because I rely on them to always ping me .
I got responses from all but two people .
I ended up going for lunch with one girl I ’d never socialized with outside of a party setting .
I reconnected with a former boss of mine from Quebec City who travels to Montreal frequently , and plan to have lunch with him next time he ’s in town .
And I reestablished contact with some friends I was starting to lose touch with .
The ROI on this simple gesture made me wonder :
Why the fuck have n’t I been doing this all along ?
Generosity Is Golden
It ’s one thing to take the social initiative with people you already know , but what about with someone you ’ve never met ?
Sometimes I ’ll get an email from a fellow blogger who wants to “ network ” with me .
This is the greasiest way to introduce yourself to anyone .
When making a new connection , start with generosity .
Focus on how you can help the other person get where they ’re going .
This is an idea I got from Keith Ferrazzi ’s excellent book , Never Eat Alone
.
Do you have information that may interest them ?
Do you know someone whom they could benefit from knowing too ?
Can you volunteer to help their cause ?
For example , I recently moved into a coworking space in Montreal called Station C .
It ’s a group of independent consultants and entrepreneurs who do n’t like working from home .
I think Patrick and Dan have done a fantastic job setting it up .
It ’s an amazing workspace with a great mix of people .
One of the first things I did when I moved in was volunteer to help build the office ’s scheduling application .
I have a lot of respect for the project and , now that I ’m involved as a member , it can only be a good use of my time to make it even better .
I also introduced myself to most people in the office early on and asked them to show me what they were working on .
I wanted to get a sense of what skills they had and consider ways in which I could give them more work .
In showing my own interest , I found others naturally reciprocating .
I ’ve already been getting work offered in my direction .
One of the best investments you can make in yourself is to take a genuine interest in other people .
User Groups
The best places to plant the seeds that will improve your social life are user groups .
A “ user group ” might be a professional association , a political party , an orchestra , a yoga class , or any other gathering of people who have a common passion .
To start down this road , make a list of keywords for everything you enjoy and every issue that matters to you .
For example , mine looks like :
personal growth
spirituality
private health care in canada
cooking
longboarding
grassroots geek conferences
design
usability
eco -friendly housing
etc .
Do a complete brain dump .
If you have n’t got at least 50 lines of output , you are n’t trying hard enough .
When finished , head to Meetup.com and see what you can find .
Alternatively , add the name of your city to each line and you ’ve got a Google search query .
This will help you find local user groups , bloggers , discussion forums , businesses , and other organizations related to these topics .
What if you ca n’t find a group that fits your needs ?
Organize it .
This is exactly how I started a personal growth group in Montreal .
The downside of being an organizer is that it takes a little more time and energy .
The upside is everything else .
Finding a great group of people that like what you like may require some detective work , but it ’s worth it .
A shared interest is the active ingredient in building positive relationships .
Do n’t Limit Yourself
When I was doing my 30 - day trial on learning to cook , I took inspiration from Laura Calder ’s show French Food at Home .
I think she has a unique charm and her enthusiasm for cooking is contagious .
Then I thought :
Why not email her ?
So I did .
And she replied .
Next thing you know , we ’re exchanging email about The Power of Now , Eckhart Tolle , spirituality , and general thoughts on the art of happiness .
Do n’t limit yourself .
Take a look at your bookshelf , for example , and ask yourself :
Which of these authors might I like to get to know ?
Email them .
Authors in particular seem to have more easily accessible email addresses than other public figures .
It ’s unlikely that you ’ll meet or even get a personal response from most of the people you contact this way , but it ’s still fun to make a connection with someone that inspires you .
I ’ve turned this last one into a 30 - day trial .
Every day I email one person I want to know more about , whom I might normally consider out of reach .
I find some of the most fun 30 - day trials are the ones related to meeting new people .
If you feel like you could use some help in the social arena , why not make now the time you choose to break out of your bubble ?
Use of cookies
Cookies help us to provide our services .
By using our website you agree that we can use cookies .
Read more about our Privacy Policy and visit the following link : Privacy Policy
A year as a laowai —
An overview of my adventure in China
Three years ago , I decided to take up a job abroad .
I bought a last - minute one - way ticket to Hong Kong and told my friend to call Interpol if he did n’t hear from me the following day .
One of us answers with the truth and one of us answers with lie you may ask one question
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Exxon today has proven the benefits of the endless appeal .
After spending hundreds of millions of dollars fighting the $ 5 billion punitive damage award handed down by an Alaska jury in 1994 for its role in the massive oil spill in Prince William Sound , Exxon today landed a major victory at the Supreme Court .
In a 5 - 3 ruling , with Alito sitting out , the court overturned a lower court decision that had reduced the verdict to $ 2.5 billion , and sent the case back saying that the punitive damage award was excessive and should not exceed about $ 500 million , the same as the compensatory damages .
The decision strikes yet another blow against what is essentially the capital punishment of the civil justice system , in a long - running campaign by Exxon and other big companies to try to abolish these sorts of awards entirely .
Punitive damages are the extra damages added to a jury verdict to punish especially egregious conduct by a civil defendant .
As the former West Virginia Supreme Court Justice Richard Neely once wrote , punitive damage awards are n’t given out for innocent mistakes , but are generally reserved for “ really stupid defendants , really mean defendants , and really stupid defendants who could have caused a great deal of harm by their actions but who actually caused minimal harm . ”
Punitive damages put the real teeth in the legal system , and serve as an ad - hoc form of regulation by standing as a potential deterrent to all sorts of egregious behavior .
That , of course , is why business really hates them .
In the Valdez case , an Alaska jury concluded that Exxon was a really stupid defendant , and they hoped to send a message to the company to change its behavior with a punitive damage award that was the largest in American history at the time .
Commercial fishermen had filed the suit after the captain of the Valdez ran the ship aground and spilled millions of gallons of oil into previously pristine fishing grounds .
The fishermen alleged that Exxon had wrecked their livelihoods .
Exxon countered in court that it had already paid out billions in clean - up costs and fines to the government for violating the Clean Water Act , and that the jury verdict essentially constituted double jeopardy .
The case has dragged on so long now that the interest Exxon has earned on the original $ 5 billion award is now close to paying the award twice over .
It ’s bounced back and forth between the trial court and the 9th Circuit appellate court so many times that in the last ruling in the case , in 2006 , the 9th Circuit practically begged Exxon to give up , writing with exasperation , “ It ’s time for this protracted litigation to end . ”
More than 6,000 of those original plaintiffs — a fifth of the total — have since died as Exxon has tried every conceivable angle to avoid paying the award , including buying expensive social science research from Nobel Prize - winning economists designed to prove that juries are incapable of fairly awarding punitive damages in lawsuits .
Clearly the campaign was successful , if for no other reason than that Exxon was able to drag on the appeal long enough for President Bush to stack the court with two new business - friendly justices who are fairly hostile to the notion that regular people sitting on juries ought to be able to hit big companies where it hurts — in the pocketbook –for reprehensible conduct .
The court expressed the business community ’s concern that punitive damages can be too unpredictable to be fair .
In the majority opinion , written by Justice Souter , the court explained that , “ A penalty should be reasonably predictable in its severity , so that even Holmes ’s “ bad man ” can look ahead with some ability to know what the stakes are in choosing one course of action or another . ”
Taken another way , most good trial lawyers translate this to mean that big business wants to know with more certainty just how much it will cost to kill someone ( or fish , in this case ) , so the cost can be factored into the bottom line .
In his dissent , Justice Stevens suggested that the court had gone too far in reducing punitive damages in the case and in maritime lawsuits in general and was legislating from the bench .
He said the justices ought to respect the decisions of the lower courts , particularly the Alaska jury , whose decision was reviewed no fewer than four times by the District Court and upheld three times .
After all , he writes , “ In light of Exxon ’s decision to permit a lapsed alcoholic to command a supertanker carrying tens of millions of gallons of crude oil through the treacherous waters of Prince William Sound , thereby endangering all of the individuals who depended upon the sound for their livelihoods , the jury could reasonably have given expression to its “ moral condemnation ” of Exxon ’s conduct in the form of this award . ”
Stevens ’ view , though , did n’t prevail , and Supreme Court instead rewarded Exxon for its tenacity — in a signal to other companies that such scorched - earth litigation tactics will definitely pay off .
Hopefully for the plaintiffs , at least , this should finally be the end of the story .
WASHINGTON  An attack on the U.S. 5th Fleet , exploding Saudi oil refineries , and a Hezbollah operation against a soft target in the Americas , Asia , or Europe .
These are scenarios America 's intelligence analysts are now poring over as Israel signals its preparedness to deal with Iran 's race for the A - bomb .
Click Image to Enlarge GALI TIBBON / AFP / Getty Fuga jets from the Israeli Air Force fly over Tel Aviv during a the celebration of Israel 's 60th Independence Day on May 8 .
The disclosure Friday in the New York Times of Israel 's aerial training mission earlier this month over the Greek Mediterranean prompted America 's intelligence chiefs to task analysts with developing contingency plans  or what one called " nightmare scenarios "  if the Israelis were to send their F - 15s and F - 16s to Iran 's known nuclear enrichment facilities .
While the training exercise was known at the time to American intelligence , the fact that Israel and America chose to make the mission public escalated the already high tensions between Tehran and Jerusalem .
The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Mohamed ElBaradei , speaking on Al - Arabiya television over the weekend , said an Israeli attack on Iran 's enrichment facilities would turn the Middle East into a " ball of fire . "
Interviews with current and former national security officials in America suggest that Washington and its allies in the Middle East are bracing for unconventional and conventional attacks from Iran in response to such an Israeli action .
Possible scenarios include :
A terrorist attack on the Saudi oil port of Ras Tanura , an export point for oil bound for Asia .
Saudi and American officials have in the past disrupted Al Qaeda plots on the facility , such as an attack on the Abqaiq oil processing plant near Dammam , Saudi Arabia , that killed two guards .
A naval assault on the U.S. 5th Fleet in the Persian Gulf .
Iran still has warships equipped with Russian - designed Shkval torpedoes that it could fire at American vessels .
Another possible attack would be suicide boat sorties similar to the one that bombed the USS Cole .
The commencement of a new round in the war between Hezbollah and Israel , with Hezbollah firing its Shihab missiles into Haifa and possibly the northern suburbs of Tel Aviv .
Hezbollah or Iranian intelligence terrorist operations on soft targets , such as shopping malls and community centers , in third countries and possibly even America .
A renewed effort to stir an uprising in Iraq through Moqtada al - Sadr 's Mahdi Army or the special groups controlled by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard .
While Europe , America , and other allies increase economic and diplomatic pressure on Iran , Israel is privately making it clear that it seeks to prevent Iran from even testing a nuclear device , as North Korea did in 2006 .
Most Western intelligence agencies agree that Iran 's enrichment tests at Natanz have increased the odds of Iran mastering the technology necessary to create a test explosion .
In February , the director of national intelligence , Admiral John Michael McConnell , told the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence that Iran could be between six and 12 months away from mastering the technology needed for a nuclear device but not a warhead or bomb .
Later in that hearing , he conceded that weapons analysts differ on the matter , providing a range of dates for nuclear fuel cycle mastery between 2010 and 2015 , and adding that America 's knowledge of the matter was incomplete .
The former deputy commissioner for counterterrorism for the New York City Police Department , Michael Sheehan , said his office had prepared for an Iranian response in New York the last time " there was a lot of saber - rattling on this , " in 2005 .
He outlines some of his thinking in his new book , " Crush the Cell : How to Defeat Terrorism Without Terrorizing Ourselves . "
In an interview , Mr. Sheehan said : " We very much considered how would the Iranians potentially respond to an American or Israeli attack .
My thinking then and now is that Iran , in my view , is very rational .
They will react in a very carefully and considered way , and I believe they will react with some sort of direct action by Iranian intelligence services or through a surrogate like Hezbollah . "
Mr. Sheehan , who also served as one of President Clinton 's ambassadors for counterterrorism , said that both the FBI and the NYPD have expelled Iranian intelligence officials from New York .
He said he would not disclose details of possible targets considered in 2005 , and he stressed that the faction of Hezbollah that carries out attacks in foreign countries , such as Khobar Towers in Saudi Arabia or the Jewish Cultural Center in Buenos Aires , is controlled by Iranian intelligence and not the political party and militia in Lebanon known as Hezbollah .
Asked whether Iran would attack the U.S. 5th Fleet , Mr. Sheehan suggested that the Iranians would be beaten , noting that the Navy would be on the highest alert should Israel attack Iran .
A former chief of the Iran - Hezbollah office at the FBI 's counterterrorism division , Kenneth Piernick , yesterday said he would guess that the Iranians would attack targets in the Persian Gulf .
" It seems to me the Iranians would have a greater power thrust closer to their borders .
Our folks in Iraq and the Gulf will have their hands full .
The Strait of Hormuz would be a target .
They have made their demonstrations there in the past , " he said .
He added : " I would imagine my former colleagues are looking at Hezbollah 's capabilities , but I have been away from the bureau for too long to speak on that now . "
Mr. Piernick left the FBI in 2002 .
In the past , Admiral McConnell has testified that Hezbollah has operatives in America .
The network from Hezbollah was first disclosed in a series of federal prosecutions against the group 's illicit fund raising .
In some cases , individuals who were primarily raising money for the organization were found to have trained with the organization at the Bekaa Valley in Lebanon .
A former senior counterterrorism official for both Presidents Clinton and Bush , Roger Cressey , said yesterday that it might not be in Hezbollah 's interest to do Iran 's retaliatory bidding .
" As much as Iran is Hezbollah 's state patron , it is unclear whether Hezbollah would take operations at the behest of Iran inside the United States , " he said .
" That is not necessarily in Hezbollah 's state interest right now . "
A more likely scenario , Mr. Cressey said , would involve Hezbollah operatives attempting to terrorize softer targets in South America , Europe , or East Asia .
" There are other targets they could hit , " he said .
" You ca n't discount those scenarios . "
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO EXCLUSIVE : Los Angeles May Day Rally Mashup "
( 6 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/2/2008 @ 11:04 am PT ...
Great work , Alan !
Quite a different scene from the riots triggered by the LAPD on May Day last year !
Our coverage last year of that , including pictures and video , here and here .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/3/2008 @ 8:25 am PT ...
Put this one up too , Triumph at the ' 04 debates
We need more comic relief like this , OMG Link I was at the Labor Day Union march in Wilmington ' 01 , huge crowd .
The longshoremen had the most people there then
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/3/2008 @ 10:14 am PT ...
That guy with the sunglasses that was wishing for the Latinos to speak English , was that ' Getabrain Morans ' brother ?
Getabrain Morans Maybe his name is Pincheculedo Morans ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/3/2008 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
Oops , my Spanglish phonics ees no to well , si CulΘro
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/3/2008 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
What the hell is that symbol ?
Culero=A- hole { Ed Note : ☀ ...? -- 99}
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 5/4/2008 @ 5:45 am PT ...
Most developers start as salaried employees , slogging through code and loving it because they never imagined a job could be challenging , educational , and downright fun .
Where else can you learn new things every day , play around with computers , and get paid for it ?
Aside from working at Best Buy .
A certain percentage of developers become unhappy with salaried development over time ( typically it ’s shortly after they ’re asked to manage people , or maintain legacy code ) , and they dream of breaking out of the cube walls and running their own show .
Some choose consulting , but many more inevitably decide to build a software product .
“ After all , ” they think “ you code it up and sell it a thousand times – it ’s like printing your own money !
I build apps all the time , how hard could it be to launch a product ? ”
Against All Odds
And most often the developer who chooses to become a consultant ( whether as a freelancer or working for a company ) , does okay .
She does n’t have a ton of risk and she gets paid for the hours she works , so as long as she has consulting gigs she can live high on the hog
But developers who make the leap to develop a product are another story .
Building a product involves a large up - front time investment , and as a result is far riskier than becoming a consultant because you have to wait months to find out if your effort will generate revenue .
In addition , growing a product to the point of providing substantial income is a long , arduous road .
But let ’s say , for the sake of argument , that you spend 6 months of your spare time and you now own a web - based car key locator that sells 100 copies per month at $ 25 a pop .
At long last , after months of working nights and weekends , spending every waking moment poring over your code , marketing , selling , and burning the midnight oil , you ’re living the dream of a software entrepreneur .
Except for one thing .
The Inmates are Running the Asylum
In our completely un-contrived scenario you ’re now making $ 2500 / month from your product , but since you make $ 60 k as a salaried developer you ’re not going to move back in with your parents so you can quit your day job .
So you work 8 - 10 hours during the day writing code for someone else , and come home each night to a slow but steady stream of support emails .
And the worst part is that if you ’ve built your software right the majority of the issues will not be problems with your product , but degraded OS installations , crazy configurations , a customer who does n’t know how to double - click , etc …
The next step is to figure out , between the 5 - 10 hours per week you ’re spending on support , and the 40 - 50 hours per week you spend at work , how you ’re going to find time to add new features .
And the kicker is that support burden actually worsens with time because your customer base grows .
After 1 month you have 100 customers with potential problems , after a year , 1,200 .
And yes , the person you decided to sell to even though they complained about the high price ( $ 25 ) and then could n’t get it installed on their Win95 machine so you spent 3 hours on the phone with them and finally got it working only through an act of ritual sacrifice is still hanging around , emailing you weekly wondering when the next release is coming out with his feature requests included ( requests that not a single one of your other 1199 customers have conceived of ) .
But you persevere , and manage to slog your way through the incoming support requests and get started on new features .
What you find is that ongoing development , as with any legacy system , is much slower than green field development .
You ’re now tied to legacy code and design decisions , and you soon realize this is n’t what you signed up for when you had that brilliant flash of insight that people need web - based help locating their keys .
It ’s about this time that support emails start going unanswered , releases stop , and the product withers on the vine .
It may wind up for sale on SitePoint , or it may be relegated to the bone yard of failed software products .
The Upside
The flip side to all of this is what you ’ve already heard on the blogs of successful product developers .
Once a product hits critical mass you ’ve conquered the hardest part of the equation .
After that the exponential leverage of software products kicks in and you can live large on your empire of web - based unlocking - device locator applications .
It ’s a recurring revenue stream that can grow far beyond what you would make as a consultant , all the while creating balance sheet value meaning one day you can sell it for stacks of proverbial cash and retire .
This is unlike your consultant buddy , whose consulting firm is worth about 42 cents ( he had an unused stamp on his desk ) once he decides to retire .
But there is a dip before you get to this place of exponential leverage and proverbial cash .
A big dip .
And if you can get through it once , it ’s more likely that you ’ll be able to get through it with your next product .
And the one after that .
Once you make it to the other side , you ’ve learned what it takes to launch and maintain a product , and next time you will have a monumentally better chance of success because you are now a more savvy software entrepreneur .
Congratulations !
Go buy yourself a nice bottle of wine and sit back , relax …and enjoy answering your support emails .
It ’s summer , hooray !
I am currently interning / vacationing in Livermore , so it ’d be great if some of you guys can stop by to check on Mitch & Maz every once in a while , make sure they bathe and stuff .
They would probably prefer that you bring some brownies , if possible . 🙂
Most of you Reddit addicts have probably already seen it , but I thought I would share anyway .
This is one disgruntled chemistry student .
If my professor ( or even TA ) actually reads what we write on the exam , instead of just selectively scanning for answers , I would probably do something similar .
My last creative masterpiece was a half page filled with happy faces on a lab final .
The very kind and patient TA that graded the problem is probably reading this blog .
🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂
Noel 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂
P.S. Chmist cant ’ spel ?
Andrew Scrivani for The New York Times
( This post was originally published on June 30 , 2008 , and recently appeared on The New York Times ’s list of most - viewed stories for 2009 . )
Nutritionist and author Jonny Bowden has created several lists of healthful foods people should be eating but are n’t .
But some of his favorites , like purslane , guava and goji berries , are n’t always available at regular grocery stores .
I asked Dr. Bowden , author of “ The 150 Healthiest Foods on Earth , ” to update his list with some favorite foods that are easy to find but do n’t always find their way into our shopping carts .
Here ’s his advice .
Beets :
Think of beets as red spinach , Dr. Bowden said , because they are a rich source of folate as well as natural red pigments that may be cancer fighters .
How to eat : Fresh , raw and grated to make a salad .
Heating decreases the antioxidant power .
Cabbage : Loaded with nutrients like sulforaphane , a chemical said to boost cancer - fighting enzymes .
How to eat : Asian - style slaw or as a crunchy topping on burgers and sandwiches .
Swiss chard : A leafy green vegetable packed with carotenoids that protect aging eyes .
How to eat it : Chop and saute in olive oil .
Cinnamon : May help control blood sugar and cholesterol .
How to eat it : Sprinkle on coffee or oatmeal .
Pomegranate juice : Appears to lower blood pressure and loaded with antioxidants .
How to eat : Just drink it .
Dried plums :
Okay , so they are really prunes , but they are packed with antioxidants .
How to eat : Wrapped in prosciutto and baked .
Pumpkin seeds :
The most nutritious part of the pumpkin and packed with magnesium ; high levels of the mineral are associated with lower risk for early death .
How to eat : Roasted as a snack , or sprinkled on salad .
Sardines : Dr. Bowden calls them “ health food in a can . ”
They are high in omega - 3’s , contain virtually no mercury and are loaded with calcium .
They also contain iron , magnesium , phosphorus , potassium , zinc , copper and manganese as well as a full complement of B vitamins .
How to eat : Choose sardines packed in olive or sardine oil .
Eat plain , mixed with salad , on toast , or mashed with dijon mustard and onions as a spread .
Turmeric :
The “ superstar of spices , ” it may have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer properties .
How to eat :
Mix with scrambled eggs or in any vegetable dish .
Frozen blueberries :
Even though freezing can degrade some of the nutrients in fruits and vegetables , frozen blueberries are available year - round and do n’t spoil ; associated with better memory in animal studies .
How to eat : Blended with yogurt or chocolate soy milk and sprinkled with crushed almonds .
Canned pumpkin : A low - calorie vegetable that is high in fiber and immune - stimulating vitamin A ; fills you up on very few calories .
How to eat : Mix with a little butter , cinnamon and nutmeg .
You can find more details and recipes on the Men ’s Health Web site , which published the original version of the list last year .
In my own house , I only have two of these items — pumpkin seeds , which I often roast and put on salads , and frozen blueberries , which I mix with milk , yogurt and other fruits for morning smoothies .
How about you ?
Have any of these foods found their way into your shopping cart ?
The illegal immigrant named Texan of the Year
DALLAS — Because everybody in Texas " has felt the tidal wave of his presence , " the illegal immigrant has been named the Texan of the Year by the Dallas Morning News .
" We can't seem to live with him and his family , and if we can live without him , nobody 's figured out how , " the report posted on the Dallas Morning News '
Web site on Saturday said .
The newspaper identified illegal immigration as perhaps the largest story in the nation and in the state in 2007 .
Texas ' immigrant population has increased by nearly 33 percent since 2000 , according to an analysis of government data by the Washington - based Center for Immigration Studies .
In that period , the number of total immigrants entering the country has exceeded all previous historical eras .
Half the immigrants in Texas — about 7 percent of all Texans — are here illegally .
" The illegal immigrant is the waiter serving margaritas at our restaurant table , the cook preparing our enchiladas .
" He works grueling hours at a meatpacking plant , carving up carcasses of cattle for our barbecue ( he also picks the lettuce for our burgers ) .
He builds our houses and cuts our grass .
She cleans our homes and takes care of our children . "
The newspaper says that to their champions , illegal immigrants are " decent , hardworking people who , like generations of European immigrants before them , just want to do better for their families . "
But the newspaper says that to opponents of illegal immigration , those who come to the United States illegally " are essentially lawbreakers who violate the nation 's borders .
They use public resources , schools , hospitals to which they are n't entitled and expect to be served in a foreign language .
They 're rapidly changing Texas neighborhoods , cities and culture , and not always for the better .
Those who object get tagged as racists . "
This is not the first time the paper 's editorial board has gone with a composite rather than an individual .
In 2005 , editorial writers selected the city of Houston as its Texan of the Year for its response to Hurricane Katrina .
Last year 's Texan of the Year was former police officer Roy Velez , whose two sons died in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The yacht can take up to 64 passengers
Pirates have boarded a luxury French yacht off the coast of Somalia , taking all its 30 crew hostage , French officials and the ship 's owners say .
They say the Ponant was seized in the Gulf of Aden and had no passengers on board at the time .
France 's government said it had launched a piracy alert plan , mobilising all resources in the area .
Somali coastal waters are among the most hazardous in the world , despite the presence of US navy patrols there .
Last year , pirates seized more than 25 ships in the area .
' Act of piracy '
The Ponant - an 850 - tonne three - masted yacht - was sailing back to the Mediterranean from the Seychelles when it was seized , officials said .
" As far as we know , no shots have been fired , " French military spokesman Christophe Prazuck was quoted as saying by the AFP news agency .
The yacht 's owners - the shipping group CMA CGM - confirmed that one of its vessels had been seized .
The company said that the majority of the crew were French nationals .
French Prime Minister Francois Fillon later on Friday described the incident as " a blatant act of piracy " .
" The defence and foreign ministries are mobilised to act as quickly as possible .
" I hope in the coming minutes or hours to try to win the freedom of these hostages , " Mr Fillon said .
French and allied forces stationed in the area were put under alert .
France has troops in nearby Djibouti and also participates in a multinational naval force that patrols this part of the Indian Ocean .
The hijacked yacht can take up to 64 passengers and is designed for cruising in some style .
It has four decks , two restaurants and also indoor and outdoor luxury lounges .
Feb. 13 , 2008  --
As he weighs a possible endorsement in the Democratic race , former Sen .
John Edwards is as split as the party he once hoped to lead — and is seriously considering supporting Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton , despite the sharp criticism he leveled at her on the campaign trail , according to former aides and advisers .
In deciding between his one - time rivals , Edwards appears deeply divided .
Several former advisers likened his thought process to a heart - versus - head split — with his heart favoring Sen.
Barack Obama 's strong message of change , and his head attracted to Clinton 's tested nature and commitment to tough fights .
Though he sometimes aligned himself with Obama — and against Clinton — as a candidate , several Edwards campaign insiders say the former senator began to sour on Obama toward the end of his own campaign , and ultimately left the race questioning whether Obama had the toughness needed to prevail in a presidential race .
" He is much more torn than people realize , " said one former aide who has stayed in contact with Edwards .
" Honestly , he has serious reservations about both of them . "
Several people close to the former North Carolina senator say he may ultimately stay neutral in the race , joining former Vice President Al Gore on the sidelines of the tightest Democratic race in decades .
That may become a stronger possibility if Obama continues to build momentum toward the nomination : Edwards does not want to back a losing candidate , and neither does he want to join a bandwagon , aides and associates say .
But former campaign aides who have stayed in contact with Edwards say he is eager to play a major role in the race , and is mindful that his backing would only carry weight if it comes relatively quickly — before the March 4 primaries in Texas and Ohio , which could effectively settle the nomination fight .
He also appears to realize that endorsing Clinton would likely carry the most weight , since it would be more unexpected and would provide a jolt of energy to a campaign that is suffering a rough patch , particularly in the wake of Tuesday 's election results , which saw Obama sweep Maryland , Virginia and the District of Columbia .
If Edwards does choose to endorse , the natural choice would still seem to be Obama , whose outsider status and strong anti-Washington rhetoric is a close fit with the populist streak Edwards brought to his 2008 campaign .
Just last month , at the ABC News / WMUR / Facebook debate shortly before the New Hampshire primary , Edwards came to Obama 's defense when Clinton went on the attack .
Obama , Edwards said , " believes deeply in change , and I believe deeply in change .
Anytime you speak out for change , this is what happens .
The forces for the status quo are going to attack . "
But notwithstanding his often caustic criticism of Clinton , on a series of high - profile issues — most notably health care and energy policy — Edwards stands closer to Clinton , D - N.Y. , than to Obama , D - Ill .
Clinton has taken care to mention the similarities between her health care plan and Edwards ' on the trail in recent days .
Another veteran member of Edwards ' inner circle said the former candidate is approaching the possibility of an endorsement with a fresh mind .
In reexamining both candidates , the former aide said , he is attracted not only to Clinton 's policy portfolio , but also to her long track record as first lady and as a senator .
" He 's now in a position where he 's thinking , who 's really ready to be president ? " the veteran aide said .
" I know that he believes she 's going to do what she says he 'll do .
Not that that is n't the case with Obama , but there 's more maturity there [ with Clinton ] . "
Clinton and Obama have been actively wooing Edwards in the hopes of getting one of the last big Democratic endorsements available .
Clinton traveled secretly to Chapel Hill , N.C. , to meet with Edwards last week ; a similar meeting with Obama was rescheduled from Monday night after it received wide press attention .
Both have begun sprinkling their stump speeches with more talk of poverty — Edwards ' signature issue .
Over the weekend , Clinton told an audience in Maine that she would lean on Edwards ' expertise if she 's elected president .
" There is a lot John and I have in common , " Clinton said .
" I will be a fighter , and I intend to ask John Edwards to be a part of anything I do in the White House . "
The fact that Edwards ' endorsement is in demand is in part a statement on how close the Democratic race is .
Edwards won 40 delegates before dropping out , but those so - called Edwards delegates are under no obligation to follow his direction at the Democratic National Convention .
If he hits the trail for a favored candidate , he could be of particular help in attracting the votes of white males — a key swing group in the contests that have taken place to date .
But as a string of high - profile politicians have made clear , endorsements rarely translate into votes in primaries and caucuses .
An Edwards endorsement of Clinton would be uncomfortable in large part because of Edwards ' own words .
As a candidate , Edwards kept up a running and biting critique of Clinton , and set up his candidacy in large part in opposition to Clinton and the type of politics he claimed that she represented .
He tagged Clinton as a " corporate Democrat " who refused to take tough stands on key issues , and he strongly suggested that she 's too polarizing a figure to win a general election .
He blasted her record on trade and health care , and said she was too indebted to insurance and drug companies to bring real change to Washington .
" Good people are caught up in this system , and I 've given some examples of the places that I think she 's caught up in it , " Edwards told the Associated Press in October .
" And I also , secondly , think that she continues to defend it .
And I do n't think you can bring up the change this country needs if you defend a corrupt system that does n't work . "
At one point , Edwards even refused to commit to backing Clinton is she were to become the nominee , though he later clarified that he would support whomever the Democratic Party nominates .
But toward the end of the campaign , Edwards directed some fire at Obama as well .
Edwards blasted Obama when he refused to specifically condemn an independent group that was spending money on his behalf — despite the fact that Obama was harshly critical of Edwards over support he was getting from an outside advocacy group .
" If he really means what he says — and this is not just talk — he should speak up and denounce this kind of divisive politics , " Edwards said .
" It is not what the Democratic Party needs . "
And at the last Democratic debate that featured Edwards , he took a sharper tone with Obama , joining Clinton in questioning why Obama voted " present " on a series of controversial measures in the Illinois state senate .
" What I did n't hear was an explanation for why over 100 times you voted ' present ' instead of yes or no when you had a choice to vote up or down , " Edwards said .
With three options on the table — an endorsement of either of his former rivals , or maintaining neutrality — the final call is Edwards ' alone .
He is keeping close counsel , consulting primarily his wife , Elizabeth , according to former aides .
His decision could come down to what he envisions as his role in a Democratic administration .
The only Cabinet job he seems interested in is the post of attorney general .
While he has said he has no interest in a second run for vice president , one former aide said he certainly would n't turn down such an offer , in part because such a path seems to be his only realistic shot of ever becoming president .
But Edwards has told several associates that he envisions himself outside of government , working on poverty in a manner similar to the way Gore has taken on environmental challenges as a personal cause .
As one former aide pointed out , Gore did n't need to make endorsements or accept another government post to make his transition .
Can this really help firms do business ?
About four out of five UK businesses believe the type of biscuit they serve to potential clients could clinch the deal or make it crumble , a survey says .
The outcome of a meeting could be influenced by the range and quality of biscuits , according to 1,000 business professionals quizzed by Holiday Inn .
The chocolate digestive was deemed to make the best impression followed by shortbread and Hob Nobs .
Lawyers were most impressed by good boardroom biccies , the survey added .
Dunking Do-Nots
Jammie Dodgers and Bourbons were also among the biscuit types thought to help sweet - talk customers .
However crumbly biscuits are a big no -no in the meeting environment , the questionnaire found , with 30 % frowning on a regular digestive in the work environment .
And when it comes to helping yourself to biscuits from a communal plate , the most acceptable number to take is two , the research concluded .
However more than half of respondents looked down on dunking biscuits in tea or coffee during a meeting .
A survey released last year , which quizzed 7,000 people , suggested that the custard cream is the nation 's favourite biscuit .
Under the control of a computer at The Scripps Research Institute , a population of billions of genes morphed through 500 cycles of forced adaptation to emerge as molecules that could grow faster and faster on a continually dwindling source of chemical fuel -- a feat that researchers describe as an example of " Darwinian evolution on a chip . "
The super molecules that resulted , a species of RNA enzyme , were produced in about 70 hours using an automated tool that is about the size of a compact disc , according to the study published in the April issue of PLoS Biology .
The Scripps Research investigators who designed the device note that the findings provide an example of the Darwinian principle of selective pressure at work , seen in real time .
" This is evolution at the level of molecules as a fact , not a theory , " says the study 's senior investigator , Gerald Joyce , Scripps Research professor in the Departments of Chemistry and Molecular Biology .
" This is what it looks like when a computer controls conditions that push molecules to adapt in order to thrive -- survival of the fittest on the smallest scale possible . "
The evolved enzymes that resulted exhibited a new set of 11 mutations that improved their ability to survive under substrate - starvation conditions by 90 - fold , compared to the starting molecules .
The study 's first author , Brian Paegel , a postdoctoral researcher in Joyce 's lab , noted that the study is the first of its kind .
In previous research , scientists had managed to force adaptation in the test tube by manually adding and extracting ingredients .
However , that technique produced an isolated snapshot rather than a dynamic overview of the evolution process .
" No one has been able to observe what the process looks like until now , " Paegel says .
" It 's like before you could only see little bits of a fine painting .
Now , we can step back and watch a complete picture of evolution happening at its most fundamental level , on a molecular scale . "
Paegel and Joyce designed and patented the microfluidic device they used in the study .
The device is basically a thin glass plate , four inches in diameter , with microscopic channels and valves that a computer can control to add or extract small amounts of material .
The cost to construct a device is about $ 8 .
Pushing the Limits of an Artificial Molecule
In this study , the scientists used artificial RNA enzymes based on molecules originally developed by David Bartel and Jack Szostak at Harvard Medical School , which were derived starting from completely random RNA sequences .
These molecules had been used before in " test tube " evolution experiments carried out by manual methods .
The molecules have the ability to catalyze the joining of other RNA molecules , similar to a large protein known as an RNA polymerase .
In the system developed by Paegel and Joyce , an RNA molecule that performed this reaction would automatically be copied to produce molecular " progeny . "
In the newly published study , Paegel and Joyce loaded the microfluidic device with billions of RNA enzymes and the RNA copying machinery .
They then added the chemical fuel that the RNA enzymes must utilize in order to be copied .
The scientists provided progressively lower concentrations of the fuel at set intervals , as a way to direct the evolution of the RNA enzymes .
Every time the concentration was reduced , those RNA enzymes whose genetic features allowed them to withstand the more stringent conditions multiplied in greater numbers than RNA enzymes that were not so adapted .
Each time the size of the population of molecules reached a predetermined level , the computer isolated 1/10 th of the population -- which now contained higher numbers of successfully adapted RNA enzymes — and mixed it with a new supply of chemical fuel .
These steps were repeated automatically for 500 iterations of 10 - fold growth followed by 10 - fold dilution .
" The competition between the RNA enzymes to scrape up the few substrates became progressively stiffer , and the variants of RNA enzymes that could bind fastest and tightest to the substrate fuel molecules won out , " Paegel says .
" We starved these enzymes , pushing them to become better and faster at forming a bond so they could reproduce themselves , " Joyce says .
" This is like the evolution of animals that can survive food famines .
Only here we can see it happen in 70 hours and we know why the mutations that constitute evolution in these molecules occurred .
We witnessed the entire story . "
Although RNA molecules are not " alive " in the classic sense , they evolve in the same way that viruses do , Paegel says .
But unlike those pathogens , which need protective casings to survive , these molecules are not dangerous , he says , because they degrade quickly outside of the chip .
Besides offering a powerful demonstration of real - time evolution — which could also be used to study adaptation in proteins , viruses , and even cellular organisms -- the technology may have a number of practical uses , the scientists say , although it was not designed with these in mind .
For example , it may be possible to use the technology to create RNA enzymes that act as super chemical sensors .
The technology might also be used to help in the design of new medicines by encouraging molecules to evolve to perform a desired function .
The study was funded by grants from the National Science Foundation , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the National Institutes of Health .
To view the article , go to biology.plosjournals.org/perls … document&doi=10.1371%2Fjournal.pbio.0060085 .
Source : Scripps Research Institute
Explore further
How ribosomes are like Russian dolls
By Michael Voss
BBC News , Havana
Mr Obama said he would lift restrictions on family travel and remittances
A group of Cuban dissidents has backed a call by the US presidential hopeful , Barack Obama , for direct talks with the new Cuban President , Raul Castro .
The organisation , Women in White , is made up of female relatives of Cuban political prisoners .
In an open letter to Mr Obama they wrote of their hope that his policies may help free their husbands and sons .
Mr Obama told Cuban exiles in Miami on Friday that America needed to talk to its enemies as well as its friends .
Mr Obama also said that - if elected in November - he would lift President George Bush 's restrictions on family travel and remittances to Cuba but maintain the US trade embargo .
Applauded
The position of both Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican hopeful John McCain is that any change in policy would only benefit Cuba 's communist leaders .
The founder of Women in White , Miriam Leiva , and her recently freed dissident husband , Oscar Chepe , also wrote an open letter to Mr Obama .
They applauded his offer to allow Cuban Americans to freely visit relatives here .
They also wrote that a more creative policy could help the transition towards democracy and that the current confrontation is used by the authorities in Havana to justify their repression .
The Cuban government denies that there are any political prisoners on the island , calling them all mercenaries in the pay of the United States .
US Congress endorses an increase in Israel 's security aid Palestinian Information Center June 28 , 2008
WASHINGTON , ( PIC ) --
An Israeli newspaper reported that the US Congress approved a 170 million dollar increase in Israel 's security aid as a part of a new plan aimed to provide the Hebrew state with 30 billion dollars over the next 10 years .
92 congress members voted to increase US aid to Israel while only six members opposed the bill .
The Israeli Yediot Ahronot newspaper said that AIPAC welcomed the congressional step , saying it would increase US aid to Israel to 2.55 billion dollars in 2009 up from 2.38 billion dollar aid this year .
AIPAC added that such assistance would help Israel and US to face new challenges such as the " Iranian attempt to acquire nuclear weapons and the growing influence of the anti-Zio - American groups in Gaza and Lebanon " .
:: Article nr. 45257 sent on 28 - jun-2008 21:17 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=45257
Link : www.palestine-info.co.uk/en/default.aspx?xyz=U6Qq7k%2bcOd87MDI46m9rUxJEpMO%2bi1s
7OX4FoWYbAWhB37YxJ3h4P%2fk3IjFZD9b4S20pbWrp7KbNS95zN0T%2bWFrwgIiA
HrSUgO7%2f0tN7NfLA78Uo8OxxjDeymanNA6aPAVbaEdL%2bOQk%3d
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
The ACCC has received more than 600 submissions opposing Ebay 's plans
Auction website eBay has delayed plans to make Australian users pay for items solely via the firm 's Paypal service after the country 's regulator objected .
The Australian Consumer and Competition Commission ( ACCC ) said competition could be hurt if eBay went ahead with the switch to a single payment method .
EBay said the plan would provide buyers and sellers with more security and said it would lodge an appeal .
The company had planned to introduce the change on 17 June .
Australia was to be the first country to see the roll - out of eBay 's Paypal - only plan , which would effectively block other payment services from seeking a share of the lucrative online market .
But the ACCC 's draft notification warned that the strategy could " lessen competition " .
EBay has moved the planned launch date to 15 July in order for both eBay and other interested parties to lodge submissions to the ACCC .
Fight
ACCC chairman , Graeme Samuel , said eBay 's dominant position in online trading meant its plans posed a threat to healthy competition .
" Given eBay 's position as Australia 's leading online marketplace , the notified conduct will substantially reduce competition to supply online payment services , " said Mr Samuel .
Mr Samuel said the ACCC did not believe the benefits outweighed the " anti-competitive effects " .
EBay has said it was disappointed with the ACCC 's statement and would challenge it .
" EBay believes the consumer benefits of this initiative are worth fighting for on behalf of its buyers , " said the California - based company in a statement .
The ACCC has so far received more than 600 complaints opposing Ebay 's plans .
1 Six -Pack Surgery
The technique , called abdominal etching , is a kind of precision liposuction .
The doc sucks out the fat that ’s standing between the patient and , if everything goes well , the six - pack .
The suction six - pack costs between $ 4,000 and $ 7,000 and is only suitable for certain patients .
The procedure takes an hour or two .
But pain can persist for days afterward .
Swelling can last for weeks or even months .
( The after picture was taken a little over a year after the surgery . )
And there can be complications , such as infection and bleeding .
2 Facelifts for Dogs
Is Fido in need of a face - lift ?
Go see Edgado Brito , who is advancing the practice of pet plastic surgery in a land with a worldwide reputation for making people beautiful by any means .
Brazilians have long been known for their penchant for cosmetic surgery , and Brito has been adapting those techniques for use on animals .
” Plastic surgery is good for dogs ! ” said Brito , 45 , a Doberman breeder who has worked as a veterinarian for 20 years .
He can make protruding ears droop and uses Metacril to straighten bent ears .
He uses Botox to fix inverted eyelashes .
He has even tightened the mammillae of a couple of female dogs , whose owners wanted to show them after they had given birth .
Simple surgeries usually cost from about $ 100 to $ 200 .
In Brazil , the United States and Europe , pet plastic surgery is increasingly in demand , despite objections from animal rights activists and some dog breeders .
3 Pointy Ears
New York plastic surgoen Dr. Lajos Nagy created a surgical procedure to make human ears pointed , like a mythological creature .
” Ears becoming pointed as a result of plastic surgery not only enhance the attractiveness of the face , but also improve the experience of listening to music . ” says his website .
Dr. Nagy is planning to introduce the method in Hungary .
4 Tongue bifurcation
Tongue bifurcation involves splitting the tongue with a laser to create a snake - like fork .
One may argue that this is not any more deforming than rhinoplasty to reshape the nose or silicone breast implants to reshape the chest .
But it does not conform to routine notions of aethestics for most people .
5 Growing Horns
It is now possible to change the shape of almost any part of your body , with implants that are placed just beneath the surface of the skin .
Surgical metals are inserted under the subcutaneous tissues , usually by non-medical personel .
Risks of a procedure like this include movement of the implant , severe infection , and nerve damage .
Is it worth going through all this to look like a character from Krull ?
6 Revirgination : Hymen Surgery
Through a surgical procedure called hymenorraphy , health care providers recreate the hymen by piecing together its remnants .
Surgery can also include inserting a gelatin capsule filled with a blood - like substance that will burst during intercourse , simulating bleeding .
If there is not enough hymen left , or if the woman was born without one , part of the vaginal wall is used to recreate this thin tissue .
The procedure , considered relatively simple , is performed on an outpatient basis .
In some countries , women will be seen several weeks after the procedure to follow up on any resulting physical effects and emotional issues .
Hymenorraphy is generally illegal in countries where cultural traditions place great emphasis on the bride ’s virginity before marriage .
The procedure , however , is still performed illegally , and at a high cost .
When it ’s done illegally , standards of cleanliness , training , and the reputation of the health care provider are additional things to worry about .
Some women may also have to worry about securing up to U.S. $ 2000.00 for the procedure ( though it can often cost much less , even as low as U.S. $ 100.00 , in some parts of the world . )
Alphaville is completely free .
All you have to do is register .
Ready to subscribe , View our subscription options
It was almost inevitable that a combination of $ 4 - a - gallon gas , public anxiety and politicians eager to win votes or repair legacies would produce political pandering on an epic scale .
So it has , the latest instance being President Bush ’s decision to ask Congress to end the federal ban on offshore oil and gas drilling along much of America ’s continental shelf .
This is worse than a dumb idea .
It is cruelly misleading .
It will make only a modest difference , at best , to prices at the pump , and even then the benefits will be years away .
It greatly exaggerates America ’s leverage over world oil prices .
It is based on dubious statistics .
It diverts the public from the tough decisions that need to be made about conservation .
There is no doubt that a lot of people have been discomfited and genuinely hurt by $ 4 - a - gallon gas .
But their suffering will not be relieved by drilling in restricted areas off the coasts of New Jersey or Virginia or California .
The Energy Information Administration says that even if both coasts were opened , prices would not begin to drop until 2030 .
The only real beneficiaries will be the oil companies that are trying to lock up every last acre of public land before their friends in power  Mr. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney  exit the political stage .
The whole scheme is based on a series of fictions that range from the egregious to the merely annoying .
Democratic majority leader , Senator Harry Reid , noted the worst of these on Wednesday :
That a country that consumes one - quarter of the world ’s oil supply but owns only 3 percent of its reserves can drill its way out of any problem  whether it be high prices at the pump or dependence on oil exported by unstable countries in Persian Gulf .
This fiction has been resisted by Barack Obama but foolishly embraced by John McCain , who seemed to be making some sense on energy questions until he jumped aboard the lift - the - ban bandwagon on Tuesday .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
In an attempt to further distance itself from the U.N. Human Rights Council , the United States said on Friday it would only engage the body when there was an issue of “ deep national interest . ”
State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the decision , taken recently by U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , reflected mistrust of the 47 - member state forum , at which the United States currently has observer status .
“ Our skepticism regarding the function of the U.N. Council on Human Rights in terms of fulfilling its mandate and its mission is well known .
It has a rather pathetic record , ” McCormack told reporters .
“ We will engage the Human Rights Council really only when we believe that there are matters of deep national interest before the council ...
We are going to take a more reserved approach , ” he added .
Diplomatic sources said the United States had quietly informed Western allies on Friday of its intention to walk away from the council .
“ They said they were going to disengage totally , ” said one representative of a rights watchdog group .
The U.S. delegation has observer status , with the right to speak at the forum when it meets in Geneva .
Washington has never stood for election since the council was set up two years ago to replace the widely discredited U.N. Commission on Human Rights .
In a council debate on Friday on the situation in Myanmar , the United States failed to take the floor on a topic on which until now it has always been vocal , a sign that it had little further interest in the body .
Asked about the Myanmar debate , McCormack said Washington would decide on an “ ad hoc ” basis when to get involved .
The council is seen by critics as having fallen under the control of a bloc of Islamic and African countries , which have a majority when backed by their frequent allies Russia , China and Cuba .
“ Instead of focusing on some of the real and deep human rights issues around the world , it has really turned into a forum that seems to be almost solely focused on bashing Israel , ” said McCormack of the council .
As prices jumped to another record , a member of OPEC signaled on Friday for the first time in months that the oil cartel might increase its output to prick the price bubble .
The comments , from Libya ’s senior oil official , Shokri Ghanem , suggested a possible shift in OPEC ’s position .
Since the cartel ’s last meeting in March , OPEC has argued that the market was not lacking in oil supplies and blamed speculators for driving up prices .
But in recent weeks , prices have come under renewed pressure because of a string of export disruptions from Nigeria .
Prices have been above $ 100 since early February .
Crude oil for June delivery closed up $ 2.27 , at $ 125.96 a barrel in New York on Friday , after rising as high as $ 126.25 during the day .
Since OPEC last increased oil supplies in September , members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries have argued that the higher prices had more to do with investment flows than with supply and demand .
Snake Venom is Nature 's Most Effective Killer
Snake Venom Reflects More Than 100 Million Years of Evolution
( CNN ) -- Saudi Arabia has asked florists and gift shops to remove all red items until after Valentine 's Day , calling the celebration of such a holiday a sin , local media reported Monday .
With a ban on red gift items over Valentine 's Day in Saudi Arabia , a black market in red roses has flowered .
" As Muslims we should n't celebrate a non-Muslim celebration , especially this one that encourages immoral relations between unmarried men and women , " Sheikh Khaled Al - Dossari , a scholar in Islamic studies , told the Saudi Gazette , an English - language newspaper .
Every year , officials with the conservative Muslim kingdom 's Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice clamp down on shops a few days before February 14 , instructing them to remove red roses , red wrapping paper , gift boxes and teddy bears .
On the eve of the holiday , they raid stores and seize symbols of love .
The virtue and vice squad is a police force of several thousand charged with , among other things , enforcing dress codes and segregating the sexes .
Saudi Arabia , which follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism , punishes unrelated women and men who mingle in public .
Ahmed Al - Omran , a university student in Riyadh , told CNN that the government decision will give the international media another reason to make fun of the Saudis " but I think that we got used to that by now . "
" I think what they are doing is ridiculous , " said Al - Omran , who maintains the blog ' Saudi Jeans . '
" What the conservatives in this country need to learn is something called ' tolerance . '
If they do n't see the permissibility of celebrating such an occasion , then fine -- they should not celebrate it .
But they have to know they have no right to impose their point of view on others . "
Because of the ban on red roses , a black market has flowered ahead of Valentine 's Day .
Roses that normally go for five Saudi riyal ( $ 1.30 ) fetch up to 30 riyal ( $ 8 ) on February 14 , the Saudi Gazette said .
" Sometimes we deliver the bouquets in the middle of the night or early morning , to avoid suspicion , " one florist told the paper .
Do n't Miss Man pardoned over Saudi rape case
Man pardoned over Saudi rape case CNN Arabic
Saudi Arabia has often come under criticism for its treatment of women , most recently in a United Nations report that blasted the kingdom for widespread discrimination .
Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery .
A businesswoman told the Times of London this month that she was detained and strip - searched by the religious police for holding a meeting in a coffee shop with male colleagues .
Two years ago , a teenager was raped by seven men who found her alone with a man unrelated to her .
The government sentenced the 19 - year - old woman to 200 lashes and six months in prison for being in the company of a man who was n't a family member or her husband .
She was later pardoned .
The seven rapists were sentenced to two to nine years in prison .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report
All About Saudi Arabia
( Xinhua )
Updated : 2008-04-23 15:01
BEIJING -- China 's currency , the yuan , was set to trade at 6.9837 yuan against the US dollar on Wednesday , a new high since the government unpegged it from the dollar in 2005 .
The yuan has risen almost 4.6 percent against the dollar so far this year .
Market analysts attributed the rise to the continuing weakening of the dollar , led by a fall in confidence in the US currency and sell - off activity .
China ended the currency 's peg to the dollar in July 2005 , and since then the yuan 's reference rate has been set against a currency basket that also includes the euro , yen , won and British pound .
The US Air Force Association recently released a video entitled “ Threats to Air Supremacy , ” which offers a very basic look at emerging land and air - based threats to America ’s “ teen series ” fighters in particular .
Given the importance of air supremacy to American military doctrine , this is an issue that can be expected to become more prominent in coming years .
As such , we present a Flash - based version below , without commentary , as a service to our readers .
The video can also be viewed using Windows Media Player : [ High - res | Low - res ]
The City of London faces a severe recession and the UK economy is set to follow the US into a sharp downturn , according to a gloomy prognosis from the billionaire financier George Soros .
Faced with over - valued houses , mountains of personal debt and a rise in unemployment , the UK is especially vulnerable to the effects of the credit crisis sweeping through financial markets , Mr Soros said , and he warned not to expect a rebound at any point in the near future .
Indeed , the crisis is so serious that it will up - end 25 years of free - market thinking and bring to an end an era of cheaper and easier borrowing , he predicted .
" It is not going to be like the 1930s – we are not going to allow financial institutions to fail – but this is a historic event like the Great Depression was . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the UK , as in the US and the rest of the developed world , " ever looser lending standards and more aggressive supply of mortgages " have contributed to a house price bubble but , said Mr Soros , " I think we have come to the end of the road " .
" To say that it wo n't affect the real economy is untenable , because it affected it on the upside , so it will affect it on the downside .
Recession in the US is inevitable .
There will be implications for the globalised economy and the UK happens to be as vulnerable as the US , but in different ways .
The finance industry is much more important to the UK because London is a financial centre and the industry is going through a painful process of deleveraging .
The housing market in the UK has at least not seen the building boom that we have seen in the US and the supply of new homes has not gone up , but on the other hand , the indebtedness of UK households is actually even greater relative to income than in the US . "
Mr Soros 's warning of the inevitability of a US recession came as new figures revealed an increase in unemployment of 80,000 people , significantly ahead of economists ' forecasts .
The jobless rate in America rose to 5.1 per cent in March , the highest level since September 2005 , and a rise from February 's 4.8 per cent .
The views of a man who was born in Hungary and made his fortune in US hedge funds have always had a particular piquancy in the UK , where he is feted as the man who " broke the Bank of England " .
His heavy bets against sterling helped force it out of the European exchange rate mechanism in 1992 , netting himself an estimated $ 1bn profit that Black Wednesday .
He deems the issue of sterling 's value as too sensitive to discuss in interviews with British journalists these days , but in his new book , The New Paradigm for Financial Markets , he notes grimly that " the overvaluation of the euro and sterling is going to hurt European economies " .
Mr Soros 's main concern , though , is for the dollar , whose status is being eroded by the credit crisis , pushing up import prices and causing a dilemma for those who want still more interest rate cuts to stimulate the US economy .
" The Federal Reserve is constrained by the reluctance of the rest of the world to hold dollars , " he said .
" We face the double jeopardy of recession and inflation . "
Echoing the themes of The New Paradigm , Mr Soros said : " Regulators have abandoned their duty by letting markets regulate themselves .
It 's because a market fundamentalist ideology has come to dominate the behaviour of market participants and market regulators over the past 25 years ... and the idea that markets are best left to their own devices became policy . "
Goodbye , And Thank You From The GameSpy Team GameSpy , as we know it , began in 1999 .
Today , 14 years later , it has reached the end of the road .
We had a good run , and we want to sincerely thank all of you for reading and joining in discussions with us .
It 's been fantastic .
Read More »
Crysis 3's Prophet is The Ultimate Hunter - GameSpy Original Video Something far more insidious than the Ceph and CELL lurks in the post - apocalyptic battleground of New York City .
There 's only one thing for Prophet to do : wipe them all out and take the city back .
Read More »
Impire Review
You know things are bad when you start to sympathize with hellspawn .
At first I acknowledged my in - game avatar , demon lord of the depths Baal - Abaddon , only with the intended smirks and half - laughs warranted by his dialog .
But in time I came to feel a kinship with him as we braved Impire 's clumsy micromanagement in search of hard - won glory .
" Tedious , " he 'd exclaim , and I 'd find myself mouthing the words along with him .
" Life : what 's the point , anyway ? " he 'd ask , and I found myself asking the same question about our progress .
By the sixth hour , I was sure we were both in a place where we did n't want to be , but no matter how repetitive or boring the circumstances became , I could take comfort in the knowledge that my new scaly friend and I were in this mess together .
Read More »
Here 's What Obsidian 's Cancelled RPG Aliens : Crucible Looked Like
So , we did n't like Aliens : Colonial Marines .
Nor did most other people .
But what if there had been another Aliens game entirely ?
What if Obsidian had made an RPG in the Aliens universe ?
Well , thanks to this leaked footage of a very early prototype of Aliens : Crucible , we 're lucky enough to see more or less what that would have looked like .
Read More »
Amnesia : A Machine for Pigs Due Out This Summer
For me , summertime is about one thing : Grillin ' up some delicious , delicious meat .
Pork is among my favorites .
However , I suspect that Amnesia : A Machine For Pigs wo n't exactly whet my appetite for BBQ .
The sequel to the amazing Amnesia : The Dark Descent is officially due out this summer .
Read More »
Firefall Trailer , Open Beta Take to the Sky R. Kelly would be proud of Firefall .
Rather than just accept that the shooter 's players would be stuck to the ground , they believed they could fly .
With jetpacks .
Those tend to help .
This new trailer shows off a bit of what 's possible with the things strapped to your back .
Read More »
Rewrite !
How Aliens : Colonial Marines Seriously Screws Up Alien Lore According to 20th Century Fox and Gearbox , Aliens : Colonial Marines is part of the official Alien series canon .
That means the disastrously bad shooter , which takes place shortly after the end of 1986's Aliens , has ramifications on 1992's Alien 3 and 1997's Alien Resurrection ( which did n't do the lore any favors either ) .
Major ones .
Aliens : Colonial Marines ' storyline features some lore - breaking elements that directly contradict major events from the films and makes me wonder if Fox and Gearbox ( or TimeGate , or whoever actually developed the campaign ) even understand what " canon " means .
Here are my three biggest problems with this incredibly damaging new version of the Alien lore .
Note :
We 're about to delve into MAJOR SPOILER territory .
Read More »
Mojang , Humble Bundle Launch Mojam Game Jam Commence game jam !
Commence Mojam !
Minecraft studio Mojang , a group of indie studios , and the folks behind the Humble Bundle have teamed up for Mojam 2 , a 78 - hour game jam that starts right now .
Watch along via TwitchTV and be prepared to pay what you want for any new pixelated creations that catch your eye .
Read More »
Square Enix Teases New Mystery Game , Murdered : Soul Suspect
Oh , hello there , new game from Square Enix .
Did n't see you lurking in the shadows back there .
Love the name of your website , " www.murdered.com, " but based on your quick CGI teaser trailer , I have no clue what you are , exactly .
An unromantic videogame spin on Patrick Swayze 's seminal work , Ghost , perhaps ?
Whatever it is , I 'm interested in learning more about Murdered : Soul Suspect .
Read More »
Battlefield 4 Reveal Today ?
EA and DICE kinda sorta announced Battlefield 4 back in July when they were shilling for Medal of Honor Warfighter .
Preorder Warfighter , get access to the BF4 beta , the deal went .
Seven months later , it appears we 're finally about to learn more about the next installment in the shooter franchise , because EA and DICE are now showing off Battlefield 4 behind closed doors and an official reveal appears imminent .
Read More »
Space Combat Goes Hardcore Despite the popularity of '90s classics like Wing Commander , X - Wing vs Tie Fighter , and Freespace , the combat space sim genre has been as dormant as a white dwarf for more than a decade .
Thanks to crowdfunding sites like Kickstarter , however , there may be some light at the end of the wormhole for Luke Skywalker and Buck Rogers wannabes .
Read More »
Port Authority : Crysis 3
The original Crysis was one of the most graphically intensive games ever released on the PC , pushing the boundaries of what most graphics cards could handle even years after it arrived .
Crytek 's continuing to live on the edge with the release of Crysis 3 , which thankfully ships with a much broader suite of graphical options than Crysis 2 originally possessed .
Read More »
The First Chapter of the Tyranny of King Washington DLC Available Now Like any red- blooded American , I am genetically required to hate anyone who takes the label of " King " for themselves .
We like to call those folks " tyrants " around these parts .
As such , I 've found myself clicking my way over to Steam to pick up the new Assassin 's Creed 3 DLC , The Tyranny of King Washington Episode 1 : The Infamy .
Now if you 'll excuse me , I 've got shackles to throw off .
Read More »
Is there any dirt at all to be found on Will Smith , the last action hero ?
Yes , says Pete Cashmore
Is Will Smith getting tired of being thought of as Mr Nice Guy ?
Certainly , his most recent roles - the paranoid technophobe cop in I , Robot , the guilt - stricken plague - starter in I Am Legend - have been flawed heroes rather than buttoned - down good guys .
His latest effort , Hancock , is his most blatant attempt at courting our antipathy - after all , he is playing an alcoholic superhero who throws Frenchmen into space ( which , though laudable , is technically illegal ) and , in one jaw - dropping scene , fires an innocent woman across his motor - home through the sheer force of his super - ejaculation .
But is it even possible to dislike Will Smith ?
Type the phrase " I love Will Smith " into Google and you get 40,700 hits .
Type in the phrase " I hate Will Smith " and you get 484 .
Enter the phrase " I loathe and despise Will Smith " and you get none at all .
But fear not , Will .
We are here to help , with our definitive list of Reasons To Dislike Will Smith .
· Will emerged from the Philly rap scene of the mid-80s , and as such his contemporaries included Cool C , who is currently on Death Row awaiting execution for a robbery - homicide , and Schoolly D , whose violent street fantasies and grotesquely sexist and homophobic lyrics - would lay down a blueprint for what would eventually become gangsta rap .
He was even labelmates with Steady B , currently serving a life sentence for his part in the Cool C robbery - homicide .
· In his movie I Am Legend , in one of the scenes in which Will visits his local DVD store and converses with showroom dummies dressed as customers , Will can be clearly seen browsing a copy of Flashpoint , a hardcore porn film in which Jenna Jameson plays an erotic arson suspect .
· Many rap stars have been chastised for their use of the word " bitch " but Will may just be the only person to use it in a song directly addressed to a woman in her 90s .
In his 1991 song You Saw My Blinker ( Bitch ) Will rounds on an elderly driver for shunting his car from the rear , despite the fact that Will was clearly indicating a change of lane .
" The only thing stopping me from breaking her nose / Is I was 21 and she was 90 years old ...
The wrinkled old bag looked like a shar pei , " notes Smith , his ire rising , before summing up with , " It 's your fault you caused all this / You saw my blinker bitch ! "
Will Smith !
Wash that mouth out !
· Will is , as has been widely reported , the latest megastar to start recruiting for top loonball academy the Church Of Scientology .
After shooting finished on Hancock , he gave crew members a delightful wrap " present " - a gift card for one personality test at any Scientology centre .
It should be noted that personality tests almost always result in a series of previously unsuspected personality defects in the test subject that can be cured by the Church of Scientology , and that first personality tests are actually free anyway .
Will , you should n't have !
· Like best buddy and fellow Scientologist Tom Cruise , Will has a propensity for slightly nauseating PAs .
Although he stops short at jumping up and down on sofas on US talk shows , he recently engaged in a particularly puke - making bout of public full - on snogging , followed by a mock faint , when the stadium camera alighted upon him and wife Jada Pinkett Smith during a LA Lakers game .
Please , we 're trying to enjoy our hotdogs here !
· In addition to taking on nonagenarian female motorists , Will has felt the need to turn his withering gaze on the transgender community , in 1989 's charming The Girlie Had A Mustache ( sample lyric : " Tight leather pants that fit like a drum / And two big - yeah well , she had some / Anyway from behind she was fine /
But when she turned around , her mustache was bigger than mine " ) in which Will is beaten up by four transsexuals ( all of whom , once again , possess the titular facial hair ) , tied to a bedpost and then has all his furniture stolen .
Which we would argue is not behaviour typical of the normally placid , maternal transgendered male .
· Will believes that lackadaisical joggers are as bad as marital philanderers and teenage drug - takers .
" That person who tells you , ' Ooh , our ankles hurt and we should stop ' , " he says , " is the same person who says to the man , ' Hey , your wife will never find out if you sleep with her , ' and who tells the 16 - year - old , ' You are not gonna be cool if you do not smoke it . ' "
Take that , Paula Radcliffe !
· In one interview , Will says that he would " have really enjoyed " playing Kevin Bacon 's role in The Woodsman .
" ENJOYED " ?!
· Will believes that Margaret Thatcher is " sexy and strong . "
Hey !
That 's an 82 - year - old woman you 're talking about !
Presumably she wo n't be so sexy if she bumps your car from behind , right ?
· Most crucially ,
Will clearly actively wants us to know that he ain't all that .
On his recent album Lost And Found , on the tongue - in - cheek Mr Nice Guy , he takes a pop at his public persona with lines like " Will 's a nice guy , why he 's so nice I 'd / let him date my daughter like he was a white guy . "
· And just to reiterate , in his new film , he fires a woman across the room using his penis .
In case you 'd forgotten that one .
· Hancock is out on July 2
On a recent trip to the Alaskan interior , I did n’t get to see the aurora borealis , but I did , in a way , hear it .
At the Museum of the North , on the grounds of the University of Alaska in Fairbanks , the composer John Luther Adams has created a sound - and - light installation called “ The Place Where You Go to Listen ” — a kind of infinite musical work that is controlled by natural events occurring in real time .
The title refers to Naalagiagvik , a place on the coast of the Arctic Ocean where , according to legend , a spiritually attuned Inupiaq woman went to hear the voices of birds , whales , and unseen things around her .
In keeping with that magical idea , the mechanism of “ The Place ” translates raw data into music : information from seismological , meteorological , and geomagnetic stations in various parts of Alaska is fed into a computer and transformed into an intricate , vibrantly colored field of electronic sound .
“ The Place ” occupies a small white - walled room on the museum ’s second floor .
You sit on a bench before five glass panels , which change color according to the time of day and the season .
What you notice first is a dense , organlike sonority , which Adams has named the Day Choir .
Its notes follow the contour of the natural harmonic series — the rainbow of overtones that emanate from a vibrating string — and have the brightness of music in a major key .
In overcast weather , the harmonies are relatively narrow in range ; when the sun comes out , they stretch across four octaves .
After the sun goes down , a darker , moodier set of chords , the Night Choir , moves to the forefront .
The moon is audible as a narrow sliver of noise .
Pulsating patterns in the bass , which Adams calls Earth Drums , are activated by small earthquakes and other seismic events around Alaska .
And shimmering sounds in the extreme registers — the Aurora Bells — are tied to the fluctuations in the magnetic field that cause the Northern Lights .
The first day I was there , “ The Place ” was subdued , though it cast a hypnotic spell .
Checking the Alaskan data stations on my laptop , I saw that geomagnetic activity was negligible .
Some minor seismic activity in the region had set off the bass frequencies , but it was a rather opaque ripple of beats , suggestive of a dance party in an underground crypt .
Clouds covered the sky , so the Day Choir was muted .
After a few minutes , there was a noticeable change : the solar harmonies acquired extra radiance , with upper intervals oscillating in an almost melodic fashion .
Certain that the sun had come out , I left “ The Place , ” and looked out the windows of the lobby .
The Alaska Range was glistening on the far side of the Tanana Valley .
When I arrived the next day , just before noon , “ The Place ” was jumping .
A mild earthquake in the Alaska Range , measuring 2.99 on the Richter scale , was causing the Earth Drums to pound more loudly and go deeper in register .
( If a major earthquake were to hit Fairbanks , “ The Place , ” if it survived , would throb to the frequency 24.27 Hz , an abyssal tone that Adams associates with the rotation of the earth . )
Even more spectacular were the high sounds showering down from speakers on the ceiling .
On the Web site of the University of Alaska ’s Geophysical Institute , aurora activity was rated 5 on a scale from 0 to 9 , or “ active . ”
This was sufficient to make the Aurora Bells come alive .
The Day and Night Choirs follow the equal - tempered tuning used by most Western instruments , but the Bells are filtered through a different harmonic prism , one determined by various series of prime numbers .
I had the impression of a carillon ringing miles above the earth .
On the two days I visited “ The Place , ” various tourists came and went .
Some , armed with cameras and guidebooks , stood against the back wall , looking alarmed , and left quickly .
Others were entranced .
One young woman assumed a yoga position and meditated ; she took “ The Place ” to be a specimen of ambient music , the kind of thing you can bliss out to , and she was n’t entirely mistaken .
At the same time , it is a forbiddingly complex creation that contains a probably unresolvable philosophical contradiction .
On the one hand , it lacks a will of its own ; it is at the mercy of its data streams , the humors of the earth .
On the other hand , it is a deeply personal work , whose material reflects Adams ’s long - standing preoccupation with multiple systems of tuning , his fascination with slow - motion formal processes , his love of foggy masses of sound in which many events are unfolding at independent tempos .
“ The Place , ” which opened on the spring equinox in 2006 , confirms Adams ’s status as one of the most original musical thinkers of the new century .
At the age of fifty - five , he is perhaps the chief standard - bearer of American experimental music , of the tradition of solitary sonic tinkering that began on the West Coast almost a century ago and gained new strength after the Second World War , when John Cage and Morton Feldman created supreme abstractions in musical form .
Talking about his work , Adams admits that it can sound strange , that it lacks familiar reference points , that it ’s not exactly popular — by a twist of fate , he is sometimes confused with John Coolidge Adams , the creator of the opera “ Nixon in China ” and the most widely performed of living American composers — and yet he ’ll also say that it ’s got something , or , at least , “ It ’s not nothing . ”
Above all , Adams strives to create musical counterparts to the geography , ecology , and native culture of his home state , where he has lived since 1978 .
He does this not merely by giving his compositions evocative titles — his catalogue includes “ Earth and the Great Weather , ” “ In the White Silence , ” “ Strange and Sacred Noise , ” “ Dark Waves ” — but by literally anchoring the work in the landscapes that have inspired it .
“ My music is going inexorably from being about place to becoming place , ” Adams said of his installation .
“ I have a vivid memory of flying out of Alaska early one morning on my way to Oberlin , where I taught for a couple of fall semesters .
It was a glorious early - fall day .
Winter was coming in .
I love winter , and I did n’t want to go .
As we crested the central peaks of the Alaska Range , I looked down at Mt. Hayes , and all at once I was overcome by the intense love that I have for this place — an almost erotic feeling about those mountains .
Over the next fifteen minutes , I found myself furiously sketching , and when I came up for air I realized , There it is .
I knew that I wanted to hear the unheard , that I wanted to somehow transpose the music that is just beyond the reach of our ears into audible vibrations .
I knew that it had to be its own space .
And I knew that it had to be real — that I could n’t fake this , that nothing could be recorded .
It had to have the ring of truth .
“ Actually , my original conception for ‘ The Place ’ was truly grandiose .
I thought that it might be a piece that could be realized at any location on the earth , and that each location would have its unique sonic signature .
That idea — tuning the whole world — stayed with me for a long time .
But at some point I realized that I was tuning it so that this place , this room , on this hill , looking out over the Alaska Range , was the sweetest - sounding spot on earth . ”
Adams blends in well with the proudly scruffy characters who populate the diners and bars of Fairbanks .
Tall and rail - thin , his handsomely weathered face framed by a short beard , he bears a certain resemblance to Clint Eastwood , and speaks in a similarly soft , husky voice .
He ’s not unworldly — he travels frequently to New York , Los Angeles , Amsterdam , and other cultural capitals — but he is happiest when he goes on extended camping trips into the wilderness , especially to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
He exudes a regular - guy coolness that is somewhat unusual in contemporary composers .
He lives on a hill outside Fairbanks , in a sparsely furnished , light - filled split - level house , much of which he designed and built himself .
He shares it with his second wife , Cynthia Adams , who has been the mainstay of his occasionally precarious existence since the late nineteen - seventies .
Cindy , as spirited as her husband is soft - spoken , runs GrantStation , an Internet business that advises nonprofit organizations across the country .
To many locals , the Adamses are best known for serving on the board of the Alaska Goldpanners , Fairbanks ’s amateur baseball team .
When they go shopping at Fred Meyer , the all - purpose store in town , they are peppered with questions about the state of the team .
Like many Alaskans , Adams migrated to the state from a very different world .
He was born in Meridian , Mississippi ; his father worked for A. T. & T. , first as an accountant and later in upper management , and the family moved often when he was a child .
Much of his adolescence was spent in Millburn , New Jersey , where he developed a passion for rock and roll .
He was the drummer in several bands , one of which , Pocket Fuzz , had the honor of opening for the Beach Boys in a local New Jersey show .
“ If you have to ask how much gas costs , you ca n’t afford it . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Frank Zappa caused a violent change of perspective .
In the liner notes to Zappa ’s 1966 album “ Freak Out ! , ” Adams noticed a quotation : “ ‘ The present - day composer refuses to die ! ’— Edgard Varèse . ”
Adams went hunting for information about this mystery figure , whose name he pronounced “ Var - EE - zee . ”
A friend , the composer Richard Einhorn , discovered a Varèse disk in a Greenwich Village record shop , and the two braved the sonic hailstorms of “ Poème Électronique . ”
Adams was soon devouring the music of the postwar European and American avant - garde : Karlheinz Stockhausen , Iannis Xenakis , György Ligeti , and , most important , John Cage .
“ Once I discovered that stuff , I rapidly lost interest in the backbeat and the three chords , ” Adams said .
“ I was still in bands , but they kept getting weirder and weirder .
In the last band , a trio called Sloth , we were trying to work with open - form scores and graphic notation . ”
In 1969 , the family moved again , to Macon , Georgia .
Adams enrolled in Westminster Academy , an élite boarding school , from which he failed to graduate .
“ I was your classic problem kid , ” he said .
“ My grades were O.K. ; it was my behavior that was the problem . ”
At the age of sixteen , he fell in love with a young woman named Margrit von Braun — the younger daughter of Wernher von Braun , the godfather of the American space program .
Not surprisingly , the German émigré and the American teen - ager did n’t get along .
In 1969 , Adams says , he was impressed more by the Miracle Mets than by the first moon landing .
Nonetheless , he and Margrit married , and for several years he coexisted uneasily with her powerful father .
In 1971 , Adams moved to Los Angeles to study music at CalArts .
One teacher there , the composer James Tenney , became a significant mentor , his wild imagination balanced by the mathematical rigor of his methods .
Likewise , beneath the dreamlike surfaces of Adams ’s work are mathematical schemes controlling the interrelationship of rhythms and the unfolding of melodic patterns .
At CalArts , the novice composer also familiarized himself with the oddball heroes of the American avant - garde : Harry Partch , who adopted a hobo life style during the Great Depression ; Conlon Nancarrow , who spent the better part of his career writing pieces for player piano in Mexico City ; and Lou Harrison , who sought musical truth in the Balinese gamelan tradition .
Adams calls them “ composers who burned down the house and started over . ”
Perhaps Adams ’s most crucial encounter was with Morton Feldman , the loquacious New Yorker whose music has an otherworldly quietude and breadth .
On a Columbia LP he heard Feldman ’s “ Piece for Four Pianos , ” in which four pianists play through the same music at different rates , floating around each other like the arms of a Calder mobile .
That work galvanized Adams , teaching him that music could break free of European tradition while retaining a sensuous allure .
One of his first characteristic pieces , for three percussion players , bears the Feldmanesque title “ Always Very Soft , ” although the seamlessness of the construction — accelerating and decelerating patterns overlap to create a single , ever - evolving sonority — hints at a distinct sensibility .
Netherlands reached the last eight of Euro 2008 and topped Group C with a superb win against France , who are now fighting to survive in the tournament .
Dirk Kuyt headed the Dutch in front after only nine minutes .
Substitute Robin van Persie turned in Arjen Robben ’s cross on the hour , before Thierry Henry pulled one back from close range with 19 minutes left .
Robben ’s angled finish seconds later sunk France and Wesley Sneijder added a fourth from 20 yards in injury time .
Highlights
U.S. Holds 27,000 ‘ Ghost Prisoners ’ Around Globe Ghost Prisoners Will Haunt George W. Bush Legacy By Mike Finch
An estimated 27,000 “ ghost prisoners ” are currently being held in secret prisons around the world , including ships that have been re-fitted as prison hulks , according to recent reports .
“ When you look at Guantanamo Bay , 270 [ prisoners ] , roughly . . . [ are ] in Guantanamo , but according to the most recent official figures , the United States is currently holding 27,000 secret prisoners around the world , ” Clive Stafford Smith said to DemocracyNow ! in a May 19 interview .
“ 99 percent of these folk are not in Guantanamo Bay . ”
Smith is a lawyer for 30 of the Guantanamo prisoners , and author of Eight O’clock Ferry to the Windward Side : Seeking Justice in Guantanamo Bay .
He spoke before Congress on May 20 regarding the prisoners , and works for the UK charity known as Reprieve .
Several known prisons exist in Morocco , Afghanistan , Djibouti , and Iraq .
Popular thought was that the prisons in Iraq were for Iraqi war prisoners , but Smith asserted that prisoners are being brought in from other nations so that “ annoying people like you — I mean the media — and also annoying people like me — lawyers — away from the prisoners so they ca n’t get any sort of legal rights , ” Smith said .
The Bush administration said they have not tortured suspected terrorists , but rather used “ alternative ” interrogation methods that are “ tough but legal , ” a 2006 CNN report said .
Smith described one such alternative method : “ All they have on him is evidence that they extracted from him after taking him to Morocco and torture [ ing ] him with a razor blade to his genitals . ”
Smith said that his organization identified 32 prison ships , though the U.S. and Britain deny that ships converted into prisons are used in the Indian Ocean to hold people .
“ We ’ve got pictures of them in Lisbon Harbor , ” Smith said , “ And this is a huge concern , because the world focus is on Guantanamo Bay , which actually is a diversionary tactic in the whole war on terror or whatever you would like to call it . ”
Bagram prison in Afghanistan , a prison that made the news in 2002 when two detainees were killed from wounds inflicted during torture , holds an estimated 680 prisoners .
May 17 the U.S. announced plans to build a 40 - acre prison extension to the Bagram facility that will hold up to 1,100 prisoners .
The bill for the new prison is estimated at $ 60 million .
Mike Finch is a reporter and intern for American Free Press .
Mike has a Master ’s Degree in journalism and is working on his PhD. in communications .
( Issue # 26 , June 30 , 2008 )
The BLAS ( Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms ) are routines that provide standard building blocks for performing basic vector and matrix operations .
The Level 1 BLAS perform scalar , vector and vector - vector operations , the Level 2 BLAS perform matrix - vector operations , and the Level 3 BLAS perform matrix - matrix operations .
Because the BLAS are efficient , portable , and widely available , they are commonly used in the development of high quality linear algebra software , LAPACK for example .
For more information , see the Netlib BLAS webpage : http://www.netlib.org/blas/
Five former Nato generals , including the former chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , John Shalikashvili , have written a " radical manifesto " which states that " the West must be ready to resort to a pre-emptive nuclear attack to try to halt the ' imminent ' spread of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction . "
In other words , the generals argue that " the west " - meaning the nuclear powers including the United States , France and Britain - should prepare to use nuclear weapons , not to deter a nuclear attack , not to retaliate following such an attack , and not even to pre-empt an imminent nuclear attack .
Rather , they should use them to prevent the acquisition of nuclear weapons by a non-nuclear state .
And not only that , they should use them to prevent the acquisition of biological or chemical weapons by such a state .
Under this doctrine , the US could have used nuclear weapons in the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , to destroy that country 's presumed stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons - stockpiles that did not in fact exist .
Under it , the US could have used nuclear weapons against North Korea in 2006 .
The doctrine would also have justified a nuclear attack on Pakistan at any time prior to that country 's nuclear tests in 1998 .
Or on India , at any time prior to 1974 .
The Nuremberg principles are the bedrock of international law on war crimes .
Principle VI criminalises the " planning , preparation , initiation or waging of a war of aggression ... " and states that the following are war crimes :
" Violations of the laws or customs of war which include , but are not limited to , murder , ill - treatment or deportation of slave labor or for any other purpose of the civilian population of or in occupied territory ; murder or ill - treatment of prisoners of war or persons on the seas , killing of hostages , plunder of public or private property , wanton destruction of cities , towns , or villages , or devastation not justified by military necessity . "
To state the obvious : the use of a nuclear weapon on the military production facilities of a non-nuclear state will mean dropping big bombs on populated areas .
Nuclear test sites are kept remote for obvious reasons ; research labs , reactors and enrichment facilities need not be .
Nuclear bombs inflict total devastation on the " cities , towns or villages " that they hit .
They are the ultimate in " wanton destruction " .
Their use against a state with whom we are not actually at war cannot , by definition , be " justified by military necessity " .
" The west " has lived from 1946 to the present day with a nuclear - armed Russia ; no necessity of using nuclear weapons against that country ever arose .
Similarly with China , since 1964 .
To attack some new nuclear pretender now would certainly constitute the " waging of a war of aggression ... "
That 's a crime .
And the planning and preparation for such a war is no less a crime than the war itself .
Next , consider what it means to determine that a country is about to acquire nuclear weapons .
How does one know ?
The facilities that Iran possesses to enrich uranium are legal under the non-proliferation treaty .
Yes , they might be used , at some point , to provide fuel for bombs .
But maybe they wo n't be .
How could we tell ?
And suppose we were wrong ?
Ambiguity is the nature of this situation , and of the world in which we live .
During the cold war , ambiguity helped keep both sides safe : it was a stabilising force .
We would not use nuclear weapons , under the systems then devised , unless ambiguity disappeared .
But the generals ' doctrine has no tolerance for ambiguity ; it would make ambiguity itself a cause for war .
Thus , causes for war could be made to arise , wherever anyone in power wanted them to .
The generals ' doctrine would not only violate international law , it repudiates the principle of international law .
For a law to be a law , it must apply equally to all .
But the doctrine holds that " the west " is fundamentally a different entity from all other countries .
As the former Reagan official Paul Craig Roberts has pointed out , it holds that our use of weapons of mass destruction to prevent the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction is not , itself , an illegal use of weapons of mass destruction .
Thus " the west " can stand as judge , jury and executioner over all other countries .
By what right ?
No law works that way .
And no country claiming such a right can also claim to respect the law , or ask any other country to respect it .
Conversely , suppose we stated the generals ' doctrine as a principle : that any nuclear state which suspects another state of being about to acquire nuclear weapons has the right to attack that state - and with nuclear weapons if it has them .
Now suppose North Korea suspects South Korea of that intention .
Does North Korea acquire a right to strike the South ?
Under any principle of law , the generals ' answer must be , that it does .
Thus their doctrine does not protect against nuclear war .
It leads , rather , directly to nuclear war .
Is this proposed doctrine unprecedented ?
No , in fact it is not .
For as Heather Purcell and I documented in 1994 , US nuclear war - fighting plans in 1961 called for an unprovoked attack on the Soviet Union , as soon as sufficient nuclear forces were expected to be ready , in late 1963 .
President Kennedy quashed the plan .
As JFK 's adviser Ted Sorensen put it in a letter to the New York Times on July 1 , 2002 :
" A pre-emptive strike is usually sold to the president as a ' surgical ' air strike ; there is no such thing .
So many bombings are required that widespread devastation , chaos and war unavoidably follow ...
Yes , Kennedy ' thought about ' a pre-emptive strike ; but he forcefully rejected it , as would any thoughtful American president or citizen . "
It 's not just citizens and presidents who are obliged to think carefully about what General Shalikashvili and his British , French , German and Dutch colleagues now suggest .
Military officers - as they know well - also have that obligation .
Nuremberg Principle IV states :
" The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law , provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him . "
Any officer in the nuclear chain of command of the United States , Britain or France , faced with an order to use nuclear weapons against a non-nuclear state would be obliged , as a matter of law , to ponder those words with care .
For ultimately , as Nuremberg showed , it is not force that prevails .
In the final analysis , it is law .
Slumped on a cheap plastic chair in the protest tent that has become his second home , Jawad 's eyes blazed momentarily as he vented his rage .
" Just because we 're Palestinian , does that mean we have to believe their lies ? " he spat , when asked how he felt about the claim that Jerusalem was now a " united " city .
" Everything 's become worse [ since the occupation ] " , he continued .
" We pay almost 50 % of the municipality 's budget , and get less than 2 % of the services in return .
Our families are scared to visit us in Silwan , ever since the settlers set up home here ; the settlers have stolen all of our trade by encouraging the tourists to only buy from them ; they 're trying to turn the whole of our village Jewish – and there 's every likelihood that they 'll succeed " .
Jawad , a veteran activist who has been taking on the settlers in his home town for years , was in no mood to join in the celebrations that had engulfed the Jewish population of Jerusalem .
Yards from where he was sitting , hundreds of jubilant partygoers had swarmed in to the grounds of Ir David ( City of David ) , where a free concert was in full flow to mark Yom Yerushalayim , the 41st anniversary of Jerusalem 's unification .
" I call it ' Occupation Day ' " , muttered Jawad bitterly .
" I am very pessimistic about the future ; I do n't see a peaceful solution whilst the settlers have all the power " .
Those same settlers were making their presence fully felt with the sound and light show they had put on in the middle of the predominantly Arab district of Silwan .
Sponsored by rightwing millionaire Irving Moskowitz , the event had attracted an enormous audience , including notorious Women in Green head Nadia Matar .
" What does unification mean to me ?
[ Ultimately ] , from the Nile to the Euphrates " , she declared , when asked by my friend .
Her sentiments were shared by almost everyone we met inside the venue , many of whom were utterly unconcerned with the side - effects of their fervent nationalism .
" I do n't feel guilty at all about capturing their territory " , said a wiry man sprawled on the grass listening intently to the music blaring out from the sound system .
" If they do n't like it , they can leave " .
" Life 's tough " , shrugged Rabbi Pesach Lerner , an associate of Moskowitz who had flown in from New York for the show .
" They kicked us out of here first , so now we 're taking back what 's ours " , he boomed , warming to his theme and brushing away any dissenting opinion espoused by my friends and me .
We then fell into conversation with a young religious man who had been tasked with interviewing members of the audience for a promotional film commissioned by the organisers .
He quickly realised his mistake in seeking our opinion and , once he turned off his camera , it was our turn to quiz him on his reasons for celebrating the event in such a brazen and provocative fashion in the midst of a Palestinian village .
Pointing at the scores of Arab houses with a front row view of the open - air concert , my friend asked him " Is this event a hand reaching out in peace to our fellow residents of Jerusalem ? "
" I 'm not sure " , came the man 's hesitant reply .
" You have to understand , this is an event for Zionism ; not an event for world peace … "
That much was clear ; as Jawad and his peers sat listlessly in their protest tent over the road , listening to the jubilation and joy with which their neighbours celebrated the conquest of the Arab half of the city , his anger was matched only by his sad air of defeat .
The sheer number of celebrants he watched stream in and out of Ir David only served to convince him how futile his struggle was to bring justice to the village of Silwan , as well as to the Palestinian people at large .
" There are the ideological settlers , of course " , he said .
" But [ compounding the problem ] is the majority of the Israeli population .
Either they are naïve and have no idea what is being carried out in their name , or they simply do n't care about the Palestinians ' suffering .
We try our best to educate the Israeli public about what is going on , but we have less than one percent of the funds that the settler groups have with which to publicise the reality " .
The contrast between the unrestrained delight on one side of the street and the despair and resignation on the other was stark : the Jewish joy was the Palestinians ' pain .
The streets were filled with buoyant , buccaneering gangs of Jewish youths proudly waving outsized Israeli flags as they marched round the Old City , as well as the occasional Palestinian walking past with head bowed , hoping to avoid bearing witness to the carnival of conquest .
If this was the unity that the authorities spoke of when promoting Yom Yerushalayim , then clearly they were lacking etymological prowess , tact or simple understanding of the reality of life for the non-Jewish half of Jerusalem that had been forced to become part of the " unified " city .
For Jawad and his peers in Silwan , there was no question that the event was just another chance for the Zionist nationalists to kick them while they were down – and , it seemed , those doing the kicking were n't denying it either .
" Life 's tough " ; " I do n't feel guilty … " ; " From the Nile to the Euphrates " ; phrases that rang out far louder than the music emanating from the stage , and sentiments that showed the true colours of those championing the cause of conquest and capture for another year .
Clive Stafford Smith , British born lawyer for over fifty detainees in Guantanamo Bay .
He is the legal director of the UK charity Reprieve and has defended prisoners on death row for over twenty years .
He is the author of Eight O’Clock Ferry to the Windward Side : Seeking Justice in Guantanamo Bay .
AMY GOODMAN : A military judge has postponed the first war crimes tribunal at Guantanamo to allow a Supreme Court ruling to be made on the right of prisoners to challenge their detention in civil courts .
The trial against Osama bin Laden ’s former driver , Salim Ahmed Hamdan , was scheduled to start on June 2nd .
Navy Captain Keith Allred ruled on Friday the trial should be delayed seven weeks , until July 21st , in case the Supreme Court ruling affects his case .
The court is considering a challenge to a provision of the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 that denies Guantanamo prisoners the right to file petition of habeas corpus .
It marks the third time the Supreme Court has examined the rights of prisoners held at Guantanamo .
A ruling is expected June 30th .
In a separate ruling , the judge ordered a psychiatric evaluation for Hamdan to determine if he is competent to stand trial .
A psychiatrist hired by his lawyers found he suffers from depression , post - traumatic stress disorder , and ca n’t participate in his defense .
The military says he has no signs of any problems .
The US holds about 270 prisoners at Guantanamo now and has said it plans to bring about eighty before the tribunals , the first to be held by the United States since World War II .
Clive Stafford Smith is a British attorney who represents more than fifty of the prisoners at Guantanamo , legal director of the UK charity Reprieve and author of Eight O’Clock Ferry to the Windward Side : Seeking Justice in Guantanamo Bay .
He is testifying on Tuesday before the House Committee on Foreign Relations about Guantanamo Bay .
He joins from Washington , D.C .
Welcome to Democracy Now ! again , Clive Stafford Smith .
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Well , thank you very much for having me again .
AMY GOODMAN : Can you talk about the significance of the Hamdan case ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Well , of course , the Hamdan case has dragged on and on and on , and it ’s , I think , highlighted the mess that Guantanamo Bay is in down there .
And really , the most eloquent spokesperson on that is not me ; it ’s Colonel Morris Davis , who was the chief prosecutor of the process until he resigned recently , the chief military prosecutor in Guantanamo Bay .
And he had three criticisms , and he recently testified in Guantanamo about his criticisms .
One is that the process is rigged .
He said that he been told by a senior Bush administration official that there would be and there could be no acquittals in Guantanamo .
In other words , everyone has to be convicted .
He also said that there was intense politicization of the process .
And indeed , Judge – the judge , Captain Allred , prohibited some of the senior offices , including Brigadier General Hartmann , from having any more role in the process , because they were basically telling everyone what to do .
And I think the third one is the most important , which is that Colonel Davis said we really ought to ban the use of evidence that ’s been extracted through abuse and torture , such as waterboarding , from Guantanamo trials , because it ’s still being used down there .
And then , indeed , one of my clients , Benyam Mohammed , it ’s all they have got on him , is evidence that they extracted from him after taking him to Morocco and torturing him with a razor blade to his genitals .
So this is just a – it ’s a farce .
But if you step back for a second and you compare what ’s happening in Guantanamo to the best job we ever did as Americans – and I ’m American , as well , despite the accent – Nuremburg tribunals , which were really a beacon of the way the process should be run .
Perhaps one of the highlights of Guantanamo is , the first three people we charged there were not Hermann GÃ¶ring and the people who were the worst in the Nazis in World War II .
Instead , the first three people we charged were Salim Hamdan , who is allegedly a chauffeur for bin Laden , and then two juveniles , Omar Khadr and Mohamed Jawad , who were both juveniles .
And I think that puts it a little bit in context of how carried away the military process has got down there .
AMY GOODMAN : Clive , can you talk about the significance of last week , of the Pentagon dropping charges against the Saudi man held at Guantanamo who was at the center of the military ’s controversial torture program , Mohammed al - Qahtani , accused of being the twentieth hijacker ?
They ’ve dropped the charges against him .
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
They did , indeed .
And what was really extraordinary , in one way , was that they charged Mohammed al - Qahtani with the death penalty in the first place , because , if you recall , it was a leaked Freedom of Information document that came out in his case , which detailed , you know , hour by hour and day by day , the abuses he had been through in Guantanamo Bay that was splashed all over the US media a couple of years back .
And , you know , one wonders at the judgment of people in Guantanamo that they charged him early on for the death penalty , where we were going to spend weeks and weeks and weeks in trial in Guantanamo listening to evidence about him being abused , where there ’s already documentary proof of it .
Now , they ’ve dropped his case now , and I sincerely hope that they have enough sense not to go forward against him with evidence that ’s extracted through torture .
He ’s being represented by Center for Constitutional Rights , amongst others , and I think it ’s through their great work that this has happened .
AMY GOODMAN : Also , the latest news of the disqualifying of – a military judge disqualifying the Pentagon general who has been centrally involved in overseeing the war crimes tribunals , named Brigadier General Thomas Hartmann , saying he could n’t be objective , working too closely with the prosecutor .
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Well , and this was as a result , as I had mentioned briefly , of Colonel Mo Davis ’s testimony , the chief prosecutor from the process down there who quit because of Hartmann ’s intermeddling .
And Colonel Davis is – and I think he ’s so much more credible than someone like me , quite frankly , because he was on the prosecution side .
And his criticism was that Brigadier General Hartmann was basically telling him what to do and saying , “ Look , there ’s an election coming up .
It ’s in November .
We ’ve got to have prosecutions now against the high - profile guys .
It does n’t matter if you ’re not ready to prosecute them , but we need Khalid Sheikh Mohammed on trial because of electioneering . ” 
Now , you know , that ’s not the way any process should work .
But the fact that the chief military prosecutor says this is what ’s going on , I think , is enough to give us all pause and say , look , let ’s stop this process , let ’s do what most of the political candidates say in the election , which is bring people to the US if we want to try them and give them a proper trial .
That ’s really what America is all about .
AMY GOODMAN : And the significance of the US military planning to build a new forty - acre prison complex in Afghanistan near Kabul , a $ 60 million dollar site replacing the makeshift prison at Bagram that apparently holds around 630 prisoners right now , a number of them held for more than five years without charge ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Well you know , one thing that my charity , Reprieve , out of London , we ’ve been trying to do is track down the real ghost prisoners in this process .
And if you look at Guantanamo Bay , 270 , roughly , as you mentioned , prisoners in Guantanamo , but according to the most recent official figures , the United States is currently holding 27,000 secret prisoners around the world .
So that means that 99 percent of these folk are not in Guantanamo Bay .
Now they ’re in other prisons elsewhere .
And as you mentioned , Bagram has 680 .
But there ’s a huge number of people being held in Iraq , and one of the intriguing aspects of this that does n’t get much reporting is that the US is bringing people into Iraq from elsewhere to hold them there , simply because that keeps rather annoying people like you , Amy – I mean the media – and also annoying people like me , lawyers , away from the prisoners so they ca n’t get any sort of legal rights .
And when you look around the world , there ’s a huge camp , Camp Lemonier in Djibouti , where a lot of people are being held .
Diego Garcia , contrary to the past analysis of the British government , in the Indian Ocean has been used , in my belief , to hold people .
And we ’ve identified thirty - two prison ships , sort of prison hulks you used to read about in Victorian England , which have been converted to hold prisoners , and we ’ve got pictures of them in Lisbon Harbor , for example .
And these are holding prisoners around the world , as well .
And there ’s a bunch of proxy prisons – Morocco , Egypt and Jordan – where this stuff is going on .
And this is a huge concern , because the world focus is on Guantanamo Bay , which really is a diversionary tactic in the whole war of terror or war on terror , whatever you ’d like to call it .
And actually , most of these people who have been severed from their legal rights are in these other secret prisons around the world .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re talking to Clive Stafford Smith .
He is a British lawyer who represents – well , what is it now ?
About 20 percent of the prisoners , since the number is now below 300 ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH : I think you ’re giving me a little too much credit , actually , Amy .
We ’ve got thirty - one prisoners there now .
We ’ve got fifty , thankfully , who are out , including – I had a lovely visit the other day to Sudan – Sami Al - Haj , the Al Jazeera journalist , who was held for six years in Guantanamo Bay , most recently charged with being a terrorist because he had trained in the use of “ the camera ”  – was the direct quote – by Al Jazeera .
That was the allegation against him that was the main focus of the US intelligence in Guantanamo , and that ’s because he was an Al Jazeera cameraman .
He is now back with his family .
So I ’m glad he ’s safe –
AMY GOODMAN : You were just with him in Sudan ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH : Yeah , yeah .
I was in the hospital , and he had been –
AMY GOODMAN : How is Sami Al - Haj ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Well , you know , there was some Pentagon press release saying that he was faking how ill he was .
You know , that really makes my blood a little boil .
He had been on hunger strike for 478 days .
On the flight back to Sudan , which went via Baghdad and was twenty hours long , he had no water , no food , did n’t go to the toilet the whole time .
And he was really in very , very bad shape when he showed up in Sudan , got rushed to hospital .
I am glad to say that he ’s getting a lot better .
And I was there with him and his wife and his little seven - year - old son .
And I ’m just so glad we finally got around to letting him go , because I think that was a tragedy for our US reputation around the world that we were holding a cameraman and saying that he was some terrorist , and every day on Al Jazeera – every hour , in fact – there would be a little strap line along the bottom of the TV screen , where forty million people would see that Sami Al - Haj was still being held in Guantanamo .
So I ’m glad that he ’s finally out .
AMY GOODMAN : And the issue of Sami Al - Haj saying he was being repeatedly questioned about the leaders , about those who run Al Jazeera and about his colleagues at Al Jazeera ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Well , that was the focus .
I mean , and Sami actually had to ask the intelligence folk in Guantanamo – and I was very interested listening to the person you were talking to before , Tim , about the whole process , because of course it ’s so true that the focus of a lot of these civilian folk who were doing the intelligence gathering , you know , I do n’t know how they think they get paid , but apparently they get paid just by the word .
And they interrogated Sami Al - Haj roughly 120 times about people working at Al Jazeera , trying to get him to say that Al Jazeera was an al - Qaeda front .
And Sami said , “ It ’s just not true .
I ’m not going to say that . ” 
But this went on and on .
And finally Sami had to ask them to interrogate him about himself and whatever allegations they might have against him .
AMY GOODMAN : Very quickly , Clive , did you say that you – that the US is taking prisoners to Iraq ?
CLIVE STAFFORD SMITH :
Oh , yes , they are .
I mean , the US is taking an estimated forty to sixty , on average , prisoners a day around the world .
And it does n’t take a lot of arithmetic to tell you how many people that is each month .
And people are being taken to Iraq to be held in Abu Ghraib , even today , and also in other camps in Iraq .
And this is a big challenge for us as the lawyers to try to bring – you know , reunite them with their legal rights , because I , for one , am sort of forbidden by my wife from spending too much time going to Iraq and getting shot at .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re going to have to leave it there .
Clive Stafford Smith will be testifying before Congress tomorrow .
His book is called Eight O’Clock Ferry to the Windward Side .
He is a lawyer from Britain representing more than thirty prisoners at Guantanamo .
Some complain OpenOffice.org is slow and bloated .
With each release there may be dozens of performance improvements , but there are also new features , some of which may slow things down .
This the natural balance in software development , but in the end , what is the net effect on performance from one version to the next ?
The benchmark
We need a good benchmark to produce good data , but what do we measure ?
Let 's assume the most common operations are starting OpenOffice.org , opening a Writer document , scrolling from top to bottom using the down arrow , exporting the document , and closing both the document and OpenOffice.org .
This benchmark automatically performs these 5 operations while taking precise measurements .
The tests are repeated because of inevitable noise in the results .
The benchmark performs 10 passes where each pass begins with a reboot to test cold start performance .
Cold starts are slower because hard drive information is not in cache memory .
Each pass consists of 10 iterations , of which most iterations measure warm start performance .
Warm starts are faster because the operating system has cached the hard drive information in memory .
You may notice OpenOffice.org is faster the second time you open it .
In this benchmark , testing each version of OpenOffice.org yields 500 measurements .
With 11 versions , that is 5500 measurements .
The specific Writer document tested is the ODF_text_reference_v1_1.odt .
All tests are done against unmodified vanilla builds from the OpenOffice.org web site .
Test environment
The modest test machine is about three years old .
Of course , newer machines should perform better .
Linux distribution : Fedora 7
Kernel : Linux 2.6.23.15-80.fc7
Java : Sun 1.6.0_03
CPU : AMD Athlon XP 3000 +
RAM : 768 MB , DDR 333 ( PC 2700 )
HDD : Maxtor 6Y080L0 , 7200 RPM , 80 GB
Filesystem : ext3
Default settings in OpenOffice.org ( no optimizations )
The results
OpenOffice.org startup performance is critical to the overall perception that the application is quick .
The startup process involves many steps including loading the application into memory , resolving the linking of symbols , initializing fonts , reading configuration files , initializing the Java runtime , checking printers , checking for software updates , and importing any documents .
At different points the startup process may stress the hard disk , CPU , memory , and network interface .
A 2003 document called OpenOffice.org " Q " Product Concept described these goals for OpenOffice.org 2.0 performance :
SO / OOo will improve its performance in four areas that are especially important to customers .
The two most visible areas of improvement will be decreasing the Startup Time and Document Open / Save Time .
With startup time , they certainly succeeded as you can see in this boxplot depicting application startup times after a cold start , meaning directly after a reboot of the operating system without the benefit of caching .
The single jump from OpenOffice.org version 1.1.5 to 2.0.0 slashed application startup time a dramatic 43 % .
( In all charts on this page , smaller is better . )
There are two competing laws at work : Moore 's Law and Wirth 's Law .
Moore 's Law basically states ,
You can cheaply buy a doubly fast CPU in two years .
In contrast , Wirth 's Law states that each new release of a software program grows more complex and slower to cancel out the effect of the faster hardware .
In other words , today 's dual - core CPUs run Vista about as fast as an ancient 80286 ( 20 years ago ) running MS - DOS 3.1 .
It 's unrealistic for software to be faster over time : newer software does more work .
When a newer version performs more quickly , it generally means the previous version was inefficient .
The goal is to delicately balance performance , new features , and development resources .
In the 1.75 years since the fast version 2.0.3 release , startup time has crept up a modest 0.70 seconds to version 2.4 — .
That still leaves a 20 % improvement over 2.6 years from version 1.1.5 to 2.4 .
So much for Wirth 's Law : it 's more of a guideline than a law anyway .
D300m3 is short for DEV300_m3 , an early OpenOffice.org 3.0 developer 's snapshot — even older than the OpenOffice.org 3.0 beta .
Performance may vary in the final 3.0 release five months later .
A newer 3.0 snapshot could not be tested because of bug 88221 in newer OpenOffice.org 3.0 snapshots available at the time of testing .
A warm application startup is defined as starting OpenOffice.org twice in a row , so the hard disk information is cached in RAM for quick access .
On Windows , the Quickstarter feature accomplishes roughly this goal .
Above the boxplot shows the upgrade from 1.1.5 to 2.0.0 yielded an impressive 50 % gain , cutting warm startup time in half .
Also impressive , changes in performance after 2.0.0 are relatively minor for either people or the benchmark to distinguish .
The latest stable release version 2.4 weighs among the best scores .
The large gap between warm startup time and cold startup time ranges from 70 % to 81 % of the total .
This implies three - quarters of the cost of starting OpenOffice.org is bottlenecked at the hard drive , but as an exception to Moore 's Law , hard drive performance increases very slowly .
If OpenOffice.org wants to cut cold startup , it must cut hard drive access and not wait for hard drive performance to increase .
On the other hand , solid state drives ( SSDs ) , such as those found in the ASUS Eee PC subnotebook , perform better than traditional hard drives and are slowly becoming mainstream .
The performance of opening a document follows a different trend than application startup .
From version 1.1.5 to 2.0.0 , the opposite happened : the newer version was much slower .
The difference was 3.46 seconds ( 70 % ) in changes made over 2.5 years .
Cold and warm document open times resemble each other , but the cold times are twice as long .
Again , the gap is caused by hard drive performance .
Scrolling is less important performance metric .
Nevertheless , the chart 's shape is interesting .
To my surprise , OpenOffice.org 3.0 DEV300_m3 breaks the trend and improves performance over version 2.4 .
I would have expected new features such as notes - in - the - margin feature to slow 3.0 down .
The benchmark exports ( or " saves " ) to the version 's native text document format , PDF , and Microsoft Word 97/2000 / XP ( .doc ) .
The native format for 1.1.5 is . sxw .
The native format of OpenOffice.org versions 2.0 and later is the OpenDocument Format ( ODF ) .
Versions 2.4 and 3.0 show noticeably longer times .
In version 2.4 , the increase may be the new PDF features .
For version 3.0 , the increase may be the new OpenDocument Format version 1.2 .
Times for closing the document and application are all quick .
It 's hard to beat a fraction of a second .
The cumulative times ( adding up all the individual tests ) for each version show a gradual upward trend .
For cold start times , version 2.4 is 38 % slower than 1.1.5 over a span of 2.5 years .
Similarly for warm start times , version 2.4 is 40 % slower than 1.1.5 .
In conclusion , OpenOffice.org is generally getting slower with each release .
However , startup performance has made great improvements , the performance losses are relatively small , advances in new computer hardware are more than making up the loses , and OpenOffice.org continues to mature with new features .
OpenOffice.org does n't compel users to upgrade , so you are welcome to continue using older versions .
" But my OpenOffice.org is still slow ?
There is no perfect benchmark , and a number of factors influence performance .
For example , your machine may benefit from cleanup or from more memory .
You may suffering from the rare , specific cases such as a huge number of bookmarks .
Subscribe to the site news feed .
In this series of articles , we 'll test how to really improve OpenOffice.org performance .
Related articles
In light of recent European bans of a pesticide linked to Bee Colony
Collapse Disorder ( CCD ) , at least one key bee expert is calling for a ban of the same pesticide in the United States .
" In the United States , drastic action is needed , " says Canadian geneticist Joe Cummins , explaining that U.S. farmers and beekeepers should n't have to wait for more evidence or for an air - tight explanation for the complex syndrome , which threatens one in every third bite of food in the United States .
Now most apiarists and scientists realize that pesticides are a factor in CCD , he says .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Cummins ' remarks , in an interview with GreenRightNow , come less than a month after Germany 's ban of clothianidin , a pesticide commonly used to keep insects off of corn crops .
Germany banned the pesticide after heaps of dead bees were found near fields of corn coated in the pesticide , and in response to scientists who report that the insecticide severely impairs , and often kills , the honeybees that corn and other crops depend on for pollination .
The German government took the extraordinary action to protect bees and other essential pollinators , stating that there is now enough compelling evidence connecting the chemical to Bee Colony Collapse Disorder ( CCD ) in that country .
The ban also will likely fuel the European debate over genetically modified food , which involves treating crop seeds to resist harm from pesticide treatments .
Critics of such modified foods say they are harming the environment , and have unknown human consequences , for little or no crop gain .
Some scientists in Europe have called for their ban .
Full Story : http://www.greenrightnow.com/2008/06/23/germany-and-franc...
News
Statements ( Updated )
Press Conferences
Op - Ed / Articles
Letters
Reports ( Updated )
Documents ( Updated )
Maps ( Updated )
Polls
EU , NAM and Arab League Oppose Israel ’s Wall in Jerusalem
PLO : Israel Is Transferring Palestinian Population of Jerusalem July 12 , 2005 - The EU , NAM , and the Arab League have joined the angry Palestinian reaction to Israel ’s decision to complete the construction of its Apartheid Wall on occupied land in Jerusalem by September 1 , which the Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmad Qurei described as a land “ theft in broad daylight ” that makes peace itself “ a farce ” ... more PNA Rejects Israeli Decision on Jerusalem Wall , to Go to UN
PM Qurei : A Land ‘ Grab in Broad Daylight ’ that Makes Peace a ‘ Farce ’ July 11 , 2005 - The Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) on Sunday rejected Israel ’s decision to complete the construction of its Apartheid Wall on occupied land in Jerusalem as a land “ grab in broad daylight , ” which undermines the peace process and makes peace itself “ a farce , ” ... more News June 28 - British Family Not Satisfied with Israeli Court ’s Verdict
June 28 - Palestinian Refugees Permitted ‘ Some ’ Work In Lebanon
June 27 - Israel to Deport 100,000 Palestinian Spouses of Israelis
more ...
Statements
UN Conference of Civil Society in Support of Middle East Peace to Convene in Paris July 12-13
Al - Haq : One Year Later , the International Community Must Enforce the ICJ Advisory Opinion
Palestinian Civil Society Calls for Boycotting Israel
more ... more ...
Press Conferences Javier Solana Tells Der Spiegel
Why the EU Matters to Middle East Peace
Future Palestinian State Will Bring Hope , Rice Tells Audience at American University in Cairo
more ... more ...
Reports Settlements in Focus
B’Tselem : Means of Expulsion
Palestinian Monitoring Group Daily Situation Report ( 9 - 10 July 2005 )
UNICEF Humanitarian Action : Occupied Palestinian Territory Donor
more ...
Op - Ed / Articles Help Us Stop Israel`s Wall Peacefully
The Daily Star Editorial : Israeli Unilateralism
Is Testing the Limits of Human Patience
Akiva Eldar : Impressions from the Mid-Jerusalem Roadblock
more ... more ...
John McCain told Newsweek that he did not deliver a portion from the prepared text of his speech last Tuesday chiding the media for not giving Hillary Clinton her due .
But video from McCain 's address shows him giving the line as written .
" The media often overlooked how compassionately she spoke to the concerns and dreams of millions of Americans , " McCain said in a nationally broadcast speech in Kenner , La .
" And she deserves a lot more appreciation than she sometime received . "
Asked about this statement in an interview last week with Newsweek 's Holly Bailey and Jon Meacham , McCain interjected , " I did not [ say that ] — that was in prepared remarks , and I did not [ say it ] —
I 'm not in the business of commenting on the press and their coverage or not coverage . "
Presented with video showing that the GOP nominee did in fact read the remarks as they were prepared , McCain spokesman Brian Rogers said Newsweek 's account of McCain 's answer is " paraphrased and unclear . "
Rogers said he was not questioning the magazine 's transcription , but pointing out that they included brackets .
But , given that he was responding to a direct question about a portion of the speech , it 's unclear what else McCain could have been alluding to when noting twice that he " did not . "
That he also pointed out that the same section had been " in the prepared remarks " only clarifies that he was referring to the passage in question .
Newsweek 's Bailey said the McCain quote as included in their Q & A posted online was verbatim .
Rogers said McCain " answered the way he did because his point in the speech was n’t so much to smack the press as to compliment Sen.
Clinton for the tenacity and compassion she showed in her campaign , and as he said , he ’s never been a fan of complaining about his own press coverage . "
comments closed
permalink
Obama 317 McCain 221 Senate Dem 58 GOP 42 House Dem 238 GOP 197 Senate map and races Downloadable polling data Previous report Next report News
Strong Dem ( 168 ) Weak Dem ( 76 ) Barely Dem ( 73 ) Exactly tied ( 0 ) Barely GOP ( 20 ) Weak GOP ( 81 ) Strong GOP ( 120 ) 270 Electoral votes needed to win Map algorithm explained Presidential polls today : KS NY VA Dem pickups ( vs. 2004 ) : CO IA MO NM OH VA GOP pickups ( vs. 2004 ) : ( None ) Welcome FAQs Donations Icons for bloggers Previous elections Electoral coll .
graph Cartogram Animated maps Data galore Political humor All Senate races Hot House races Political websites Articles and books News from the Votemaster Al Gore endorsed Barack Obama yesterday .
Does anyone except ( maybe ) Tipper Gore care ?
Probably not .
Three months ago it might have mattered .
Not now .
The Democrats are going to try to paint John McCain as a smarter and older version of George Bush .
Is this true ?
On some issues yes , on some issues no , and of course McCain 's personality is completely different .
McCain does n't have Bush 's arrogance and " the - king - can - do - no - wrong " attitude .
The NY Times has a story today on the similarities and differences between the two on hot - button policy issues .
Here is a brief summary .
McCain vs. Bush Issue McCain agrees with Bush Iraq , Iran , health care , gay marriage , abortion McCain used to disagree , now agrees tax cuts , torture McCain used to agree now disagrees immigration McCain always disagreed climate change , limiting nuclear weapons
On most of the big - ticket items , McCain and Bush are on the same wavelength , but there are exceptions , notably on the environment .
But it is hard to see McCain basing his campaign on his being an environmentalist .
On other issues , McCain has changed positions .
He used to be against torture and ridiculed the Bush tax cuts ( and voted against them in the Senate ) but now supports both .
The Democrats will surely attack him on these points for flip - flopping and pandering to the Base .
On immigration , McCain was the coauthor of the McCain - Kennedy immigration bill that would have created a path to citizenship for the 12 million illegals in the U.S. , an idea strongly supported by Bush ( and the business community ) .
He has pulled back from that position and now wants to build a big fence along the Mexican border .
All in all , none of these issues look like winners for him so he is likely to focus on national security and terrorism , claiming that Spring Chicken Obama does n't know beans about them .
We are going to hear a lot of dog - whistle politics this year , with people saying one thing but meaning something else .
Karl Rove perfected the idea in 2004 when he had Bush repeatedly refer to the Dred Scott case ( where the Supreme Court held that slaves were property ) .
This was a signal that he understood that the court sometimes gets it wrong and later reverses course , something opponents of Roe vs .
Wade like hearing .
This year we are not going to hear many Democrats come out and say point blank : " McCain is too old to be President . "
However , we are already starting to get remarks like " he is losing his bearings , " and he is " confused . "
A recent poll in which people were asked to name one word to describe McCain came up with " old " as the winner , not " maverick " any more .
The Republicans will scream " ageism " but these off - hand remarks remind the voters of McCain 's age .
Surprisingly , emphasizing McCain's age has a bigger effect with older voters than middle - aged ones since the former see all too clearly their own physical limitations and those of their friends .
Obama will give his acceptance speech on Aug. 28 , the day before McCain 's 72nd birthday .
Clever speech writers may try to craft a reference to it in the speech , such as " And I would like to congratulate Sen.
McCain on his birthday tomorrow .
He has served America well for over half a century and I wish him many more years serving our country in the United States Senate . "
Speaking of dog- whistle politics , Obama 's announcement yesterday that he had hired Patti Solis Doyle is a clear example of same .
Hillary Clinton belatedly fired her former friend for poor campaign and financial management .
Now Obama hires her -- as chief of staff to the Vice Presidential candidate .
Can you imagine Clinton being saddled up with a chief of staff she thinks is incompetent and whom she at least partially blames for losing the nomination ?
The message seems clear : Clinton is not going to be the Veep candidate .
So why would Obama hire Solis Doyle other than her value as a signal to Clinton ?
She is a Latina ; her parents were Mexican immigrants .
Her real job will no doubt be outreach to the Latino community , a group that Obama has a good chance of winning if he tries hard .
Step 1 is hiring a high - profile Latina who used to be very close to the Clintons -- Solis Doyle !
Having gone through all the senators and the female Democratic governors , now let 's look at the male governors as potential Veeps .
Since Obama is a senator , a governor would add executive experience to the ticket .
John Baldacci ( D - ME ) is from a safely blue state and Baldacci did not get elected by large margins , so he is pretty unlikely .
is from a safely blue state and Baldacci did not get elected by large margins , so he is pretty unlikely .
Mike Beebe ( D - AR ) is a first term governor of the second most likely southern state Obama can win ( after Virginia ) .
He won by 14 % in 2006 , so he might be able to bring in the state .
Still , he is an unlikely pick .
is a first term governor of the second most likely southern state Obama can win ( after Virginia ) .
He won by 14 % in 2006 , so he might be able to bring in the state .
Still , he is an unlikely pick .
Phil Bredesen ( D - TN ) is another southern governor , like Beebe , but it is unlikely he could win Tennessee for the Democrats .
Gore did n't win Tennessee and he represented it in the Senate .
is another southern governor , like Beebe , but it is unlikely he could win Tennessee for the Democrats .
Gore did n't win Tennessee and he represented it in the Senate .
Jon Corzine ( D - NJ ) had a serious traffic accident in April 2007 .
It is not known if he is up to the rigors of a national campaign .
He was divorced in 2005 after 33 years of marriage to his high school sweetheart .
All in all , he 's not the right guy
had a serious traffic accident in April 2007 .
It is not known if he is up to the rigors of a national campaign .
He was divorced in 2005 after 33 years of marriage to his high school sweetheart .
All in all , he 's not the right guy Chet Culver ( D - IA ) is a young guy ( 42 ) from a swing state but he does n't have a lot of experience .
If Obama wants a young guy from the Midwest , Sen .
Evan Bayh is probably a better bet since he has racked up landslide after landslide in a ( red ) Midwestern state .
is a young guy ( 42 ) from a swing state but he does n't have a lot of experience .
If Obama wants a young guy from the Midwest , Sen .
Evan Bayh is probably a better bet since he has racked up landslide after landslide in a ( red ) Midwestern state .
Jim Doyle ( D - WI ) is a Catholic from a swing state , Wisconsin , which Obama really needs to win .
He won his first election as governor with only 45 % of the vote , but he did better the second time .
is a Catholic from a swing state , Wisconsin , which Obama really needs to win .
He won his first election as governor with only 45 % of the vote , but he did better the second time .
Mike Easley ( D - NC ) is a Catholic and was a Clinton supporter .
He is 58 and probably interested in the job .
With Easley on the ticket , North Carolina might be in play and he would help in nearby Virginia as well .
is a Catholic and was a Clinton supporter .
He is 58 and probably interested in the job .
With Easley on the ticket , North Carolina might be in play and he would help in nearby Virginia as well .
Dave Freudenthal ( D - WY ) is a Democrat is a very Republican state , Wyoming , but he has done pretty well .
Still , there is no way Obama can win Wyoming and probably not the adjacent states except Colorado .
is a Democrat is a very Republican state , Wyoming , but he has done pretty well .
Still , there is no way Obama can win Wyoming and probably not the adjacent states except Colorado .
Brad Henry ( D - OK ) is yet another Democratic governor of a deep red state but there is no way he could deliver the state for Obama .
is yet another Democratic governor of a deep red state but there is no way he could deliver the state for Obama .
Tim Kaine ( D - VA ) is from a state , Virginia , that Obama will no doubt go after very hard .
It is difficult to say whether Kaine or Sen. Jim Webb would be the better running mate .
Kaine is younger ( 50 ) than Webb ( 62 ) and a lot less abrasive , but if Obama wants to stay above the fray and let the Veep be the attack dog , Webb might be better .
Kaine also lacks Webb 's military experience .
His main advantage over Webb is his youth , which reinforces Obama 's message of " change . "
is from a state , Virginia , that Obama will no doubt go after very hard .
It is difficult to say whether Kaine or Sen. Jim Webb would be the better running mate .
Kaine is younger ( 50 ) than Webb ( 62 ) and a lot less abrasive , but if Obama wants to stay above the fray and let the Veep be the attack dog , Webb might be better .
Kaine also lacks Webb 's military experience .
His main advantage over Webb is his youth , which reinforces Obama 's message of " change . "
Ted Kulongoski ( D - OR ) is 67 , which puts him in McCain 's age bracket .
Besides , Oregon is a blue state anyway .
He is Catholic , but an unlikely pick .
is 67 , which puts him in McCain 's age bracket .
Besides , Oregon is a blue state anyway .
He is Catholic , but an unlikely pick .
John Lynch ( D - NH ) was relected governor in 2006 by the largest margin in the history of New Hampshire .
His current approval rating is 73 % and he is Catholic .
Still , with an MBA from the Harvard Business School and a law degree from Georgetown , he is not the right person to woo the blue collar workers of Appalachia although his presence on the ticket would end any dreams McCain has of winning New Hampshire .
was relected governor in 2006 by the largest margin in the history of New Hampshire .
His current approval rating is 73 % and he is Catholic .
Still , with an MBA from the Harvard Business School and a law degree from Georgetown , he is not the right person to woo the blue collar workers of Appalachia although his presence on the ticket would end any dreams McCain has of winning New Hampshire .
Joe Manchin ( D - WV ) is governor of a state at the heart of Appalachia , an area Obama has had trouble in .
He is also a Catholic who opposes abortion , which would help with some voters although many party loyalists want a pro-choice candidate .
Bill Clinton won West Virgina twice as did George Bush .
If Obama wants to make a big effort to win Appalachia , a moderate like Manchin might do the job .
But Appalachia is probably not his highest priority .
is governor of a state at the heart of Appalachia , an area Obama has had trouble in .
He is also a Catholic who opposes abortion , which would help with some voters although many party loyalists want a pro-choice candidate .
Bill Clinton won West Virgina twice as did George Bush .
If Obama wants to make a big effort to win Appalachia , a moderate like Manchin might do the job .
But Appalachia is probably not his highest priority .
Martin O'Malley ( D - MD ) is from a state Democrats always win by large margins ( Maryland ) so he does n't bring in much .
is from a state Democrats always win by large margins ( Maryland ) so he does n't bring in much .
David Paterson ( D - NY ) is one of the nation 's two black governors .
Maybe some day we will see an all - black ticket , but not in 2008 .
Furthermore , Paterson is blind and has never even won statewide election , having inherited his current position when Eliot Spitzer resigned .
is one of the nation 's two black governors .
Maybe some day we will see an all - black ticket , but not in 2008 .
Furthermore , Paterson is blind and has never even won statewide election , having inherited his current position when Eliot Spitzer resigned .
Deval Patrick ( D - MA ) is the other black governor .
Even with excellent vision , he is not going to be on the ticket .
is the other black governor .
Even with excellent vision , he is not going to be on the ticket .
Rod Blagojevich ( D - IL ) is from the same state as Obama , something the 12th amendment frowns on .
Besides , he has been involved in too many controversies .
is from the same state as Obama , something the 12th amendment frowns on .
Besides , he has been involved in too many controversies .
Ed Rendell ( D - PA ) was a Hillary Clinton supporter who would help in several states .
He would cement Pennsylvania for the Democrats and also help in nearby Ohio , which has similar demographics .
He has definite appeal to blue collar workers .
He is Jewish , which might help among the little old ladies of Broward County , Florida , many of whom were strong supporters of Clinton and not entirely sold on Obama yet .
was a Hillary Clinton supporter who would help in several states .
He would cement Pennsylvania for the Democrats and also help in nearby Ohio , which has similar demographics .
He has definite appeal to blue collar workers .
He is Jewish , which might help among the little old ladies of Broward County , Florida , many of whom were strong supporters of Clinton and not entirely sold on Obama yet .
Bill Richardson ( D - NM ) is an old government hand , having served in Congress , the cabinet , the U.N. and now as governor .
Although he was born in the U.S. he grew up in Mexico and would definitely bring in the Latino vote big time .
Whether Obama would want to risk a ticket with a black candidate and a Latino candidate is questionable though .
Still , Richardson is clearly one of the most experienced guys available .
is an old government hand , having served in Congress , the cabinet , the U.N. and now as governor .
Although he was born in the U.S. he grew up in Mexico and would definitely bring in the Latino vote big time .
Whether Obama would want to risk a ticket with a black candidate and a Latino candidate is questionable though .
Still , Richardson is clearly one of the most experienced guys available .
Bill Ritter ( D - CO ) could be the August surprise ( his first name is " August " ) .
He won the governor 's job by 15 % in 2006 and would surely bring in this crucial swing state and perhaps New Mexico and Nevada as well .
He is Catholic and worked for the Church in Africa as a missionary and aid worker .
At 51 he would bring youth and a key state to the ticket , as well as experience living in a foreign country .
could be the August surprise ( his first name is " August " ) .
He won the governor 's job by 15 % in 2006 and would surely bring in this crucial swing state and perhaps New Mexico and Nevada as well .
He is Catholic and worked for the Church in Africa as a missionary and aid worker .
At 51 he would bring youth and a key state to the ticket , as well as experience living in a foreign country .
Brian Schweitzer ( D - MT ) has the same problem as Dave Freudenthal : he could n't even win is own state of Montana , but he is 52 , Catholic , and very popular in the West .
He also lived abroad for a number of years working as an irrigation engineer , including a stint in Saudi Arabia , where he learned Arabic .
His years abroad ( as an adult ) probably give him a better view of foreign affairs than most politicians .
He is against gun control , but you do n't run for governor of Montana by saying you want to take away everyone 's gun .
He 's a long shot , but if Obama thinks he has to win the West , Schweitzer is a possibility .
has the same problem as Dave Freudenthal : he could n't even win is own state of Montana , but he is 52 , Catholic , and very popular in the West .
He also lived abroad for a number of years working as an irrigation engineer , including a stint in Saudi Arabia , where he learned Arabic .
His years abroad ( as an adult ) probably give him a better view of foreign affairs than most politicians .
He is against gun control , but you do n't run for governor of Montana by saying you want to take away everyone 's gun .
He 's a long shot , but if Obama thinks he has to win the West , Schweitzer is a possibility .
Ted Strickland ( D - OH ) would be a great choice as governor of Ohio but he has announced that he is quite happy in Ohio and would not accept the nomination as Veep .
We have several new polls today .
The most interesting one is Virginia , which is a statistical tie .
This state has not voted Democratic since Lyndon Johnson 's landslide over Barry Goldwater in 1964 , but the demographics of the state have changed wildly since then .
Northern Virginia is n't the South any more .
It is a slightly warmer version of Maryland .
And it has grown in population so much that it counterbalances the southern part of the state , which is still truly the South .
Virginia is going to be a real battleground state , especially if Kaine , Webb , or Easley is the Democratic Veep candidate .
State Obama McCain Start End Pollster Kansas 37 % 47 % Jun 11 Jun 11 Rasmussen New York 51 % 33 % Jun 09 Jun 11 Siena Coll . Virginia 45 % 44 % Jun 12 Jun 12 Rasmussen
We also have Senate polls , but they are less surprising .
Former Virginia governor Mark Warner ( D ) is so far ahead of former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore ( R ) that is is essentially all over but the shoutin ' as shown by the polling graph .
It is even possible that Warner has coattails that could help Obama in the state .
If Obama can win the states Kerry won plus Virginia , he will have 265 electoral votes .
All he would need then is one more state , probably from the list of New Mexico , Nevada , Colorado , and Iowa .
Thus the loss of Virginia would mean that McCain has to win all the new swing states unless he can pick off a Kerry state .
Thus winning Virginia would mean Obama could probably be elected President while losing Florida and Ohio . State Democrat D-pct Republican R-pct Start End Pollster Kansas ?
39 % Pat Roberts * 48 % Jun 11 Jun 11 Rasmussen Virginia Mark Warner 60 % Jim Gilmore 33 % Jun 12 Jun 12 Rasmussen
A new feature today are icons for some of the more popular news sharing sites like Digg .
If you would like to help out , click on your favorite icon to publicize this site .
It is also possible to have discussions on some of them , a feature people have long asked for ( but which required too much work and CPU bandwidth to implement ) .
-- The Votemaster
If you like this Website , tell your friends .
You can also share by clicking an icon :
WWW www.electoral-vote.com
After being spammed with takedown request from several companies , ELiTE - TEAM , a French private BitTorrent tracker recently asked several torrent indexers to remove their torrents , and not to accept any new ones .
Unfortunately their effort is doomed to fail .
In an email , sent to several of the bigger torrent sites , the administrator of ELiTE - TEAM writes :
“ Lately we received more complaints from anti-piracy organizations on behalf of major companies , because some of our members post our torrents on your indexer .
I take the freedom of you ask whether it is possible to remove all torrents related to my tracker , and not to accept new ones in the future . ”
The administrator had already asked the members of his tracker not to post their torrents elsewhere , but this did n’t work out , as he writes : “ We already put announcements on the tracker , but our +120,000 are not very co-operative . ”
Most BitTorrent sites owners are more than familiar with handling takedown requests , however , these usually come from copyright holders or anti-piracy organizations , not fellow site admins .
Other than that , it is of course impossible to prevent torrents from being shared , since it is the whole purpose of filesharing .
The only option to prevent people from spreading ELiTE - TEAM torrents is to take down the tracker .
ELiTE -TEAM , on the other hand , is simply trying to stay out the firing range of anti-piracy organization by showing that they are willing to cooperate with content owners .
They even posted the takedown requests and removal logs on their disclaimer page .
However , I doubt that sending takedown request to torrent indexers is the optimal solution .
The Rev. Jeremiah Wright is no doubt ( and regrettably ) a big issue in the presidential campaign .
But what we ’ve seen over the past week is major media overkill  Jeremiah Wright all day and all night .
It ’s like watching the clips of a car wreck again and again .
We ’ve plotted the trend lines of his relationship with Barack Obama over the past two decades .
What did Obama know and when did he know it ?
We ’ve forced Barack and Michelle Obama , two decent , hard - working , law - abiding , family - oriented Americans , to sit for humiliating television interviews , reminiscent of Bill and Hillary Clinton on “ 60 Minutes ” at the height of the Gennifer Flowers scandal .
We ’ve allowed the entire political process in what is perhaps the most important election in the U.S. since World War II to become thoroughly warped by the histrionics of a loony preacher from the South Side of Chicago .
There ’s something wrong with us .
Race is like pornography in the United States  the dirty stories and dirty pictures that everyone professes to hate but no one can resist .
But I suspect that even porn addicts get their fill sometimes .
On Friday we discussed when it is appropriate for a man to cry .
In short , a man should only cry when something truly significant happens .
The less frequently something occurs , the more weight given it .
Thus the rarity of male tears lends to them true potency .
When a man sheds tears , particularly in the public eye , people sit up and take notice .
We know something truly consequential is occurring .
For the purposes of this post , a “ man cry ” is defined as anything ranging from being choked up to an out and out sob .
Now without further ado , the Art of Manliness presents the 15 greatest man cries in modern history :
Walter Cronkite - November 22 , 1963
Cronkite , the famous anchorman for CBS , had a reputation for being cool and composed .
But he is perhaps best remembered for the moment he lost a bit of that composure and captured a nation ’s heartbreak .
On Nov. 22 , 1963 , Cronkite interrupted “ As the World Turns ” to break the news that President John F. Kennedy had been shot .
At this point , the media was unaware if the wounds had been fatal and Cronkite began what he called “ the running battle between my emotions and my news sense . ”
At 2:38 the news came in that Kennedy had died .
After making the announcement on air , Cronkite valiantly tried to keep from crying .
He swallowed hard as his eyes grew moist and his voiced filled with emotion .
Recalling that fateful day several decades later , he said , “ I choked up , I really had a little trouble …my eyes got a little wet … [ what Kennedy had represented ] was just all lost to us .
Fortunately , I grabbed hold before I was actually [ crying ] . ”
Dwight D. Eisenhower - June 5 , 1944
In the hours before D - Day was to begin , Dwight D. Eisenhower , Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces , visited with the paratroopers of the 101st Airborne Division to bolster their morale .
As he moved amongst the troops , Eisenhower ’s heart was heavy ; he knew a 70 % casualty rate was possible for the men standing before him .
At 11:00 pm , Eisenhower stood on the roof of the nearby headquarters and saluted each plane as it took off en route to France .
As these brave men soared past him , tears filled Eisenhower ’s eyes .
“ I ’ve done all I can , ” he had told them .
“ Now it is up to you . ”
Cal Ripken - Sept. 6 , 1995
Despite Tom
Hanks impassioned argument that there is no crying in baseball , many a player has broken down from time to time .
Cal Ripken ’s moment in the tearful spotlight came the night he broke Lou Gehrig ’s record for consecutive game starts .
Baseball ’s own Iron Man surpassed the 2,130 record during a game between the Orioles and the Angels .
When the new record became official in the fifth inning , 50,000 fans erupted into a standing ovation that lasted 22 minutes .
While such a reaction might make any man weep , Ripken soaked it all in while remaining merely misty - eyed .
Anderson Cooper - September 3 , 2005
While news anchors have traditionally been known for stoically reporting the facts , Anderson has become the poster boy for a more emotive style of covering the news .
Cooper cut short his vacation in Croatia to be in New Orleans as Hurricane Katrina hit .
Cut off from his producers for several days , Copper made his way through the city , taking in the death and destruction .
On the fourth day of coverage , Cooper berated Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu for her glib answers to his questions .
He then started talking to a group of desperate - looking evacuees , one of which was holding an American flag .
Cooper ’s emotions , which he had been bubbling at the surface for days , spilled over and tears ran down his face as the camera rolled .
While not every one is a fan of his “ emo-anchor ” style , Cooper gets points for being himself and showing some genuine humanity .
Andre Agassi-September 3 , 2006
Suffering from intense pain in his back that required the anti-inflammatory injections after every match , Andre Agassi announced that his appearance in the 2006 US Open would be his last professional event before retiring from the game he loved .
Agassi ’s stunning career came to an end when he fell to 112th ranked Benjamin Becker in the third round .
The crowd gave Agassi a four minute standing ovation .
Tears poured from Agassi ’s eyes as he addressed his fans .
“ The scoreboard said I lost today , but what the scoreboard does n’t say is what it is I ’ve found . ”
George Washington - April 30 , 1789
On April 16 , 1789 George Washington began the journey from his beloved Mount Vernon home to the nation ’s capitol , New York City .
All along the route , in every hamlet and city along the way , freshly made Americans flocked to wave and salute the man who had led them through the country ’s War of Independence and who would now lead it into the future .
Citizens similarly lined the streets of New York City as Washington made his way to Federal Hall on Wall Street to finally take the oath of office .
As Washington stood on the balcony of that building , the enormous crowd watched the momentous occasion .
Chancellor Robert B. Livingston solemnly pronounced the oath , the Bible was raised , and the President bowed to kiss it .
“ I swear , ” he declared .
With eyes closed , he then fervently added , “ So help me God ! ”
Then the Chancellor said , “ It is done , ” turned to the crowd and loudly exclaimed , “ Long live George Washington , President of the United States ! ”
The crowd erupted in praise and applause .
The new President bowed again and again , and had to stop to wipe tears from his eyes .
Lou Gehrig - July 4 , 1939
It seemed as if the luminous career of Lou Gehrig would go on forever .
The Yankee ’s first baseman and prodigious slugger , was nicknamed the Iron Horse for his durability and commitment to the game .
Sadly , his record for suiting up for 2,130 consecutive games came to an end when at age 36 Gehrig was stricken with the crippling disease that now bears his name .
On July 4 , 1939 , the Yankees held a ceremony to honor their teammate and friend .
They retired Gehrig ’s number , spoke of his greatness , and presented him with various gifts , plaques , and trophies .
Finally , Gehrig addressed the crowd and said , “ Fans , for the past two weeks you have been reading about the bad break I got .
Yet today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth . ”
The crowd gave Lou a standing ovation and Gehrig cried some of the manliest tears ever to have been shed .
Edmund S. Muskie - March 4 , 1972
Heading into the New Hampshire primary , Senator Edmund S. Muskie was considered the front runner for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Publisher William Loeb had been printing editorial attacks on Muskie in Manchester ’s Union Leader newspaper , one of which impugned the character of Muskie ’s wife .
The paper also printed what became known as the “ Canuck Letter ” which accused Muskie of a bias toward Americans of French - Canadian descent .
Muskie called a press conference to respond to the attacks .
As he vehemently defended his wife , Muskie ’s speech broke three times as he rubbed his face and tried to regain his composure .
Pictures of his anguished expression were splashed about in the media .
Muskie claimed that he never cried and that the multitude of “ tears ” on his face were from melting snow .
Regardless , voters found his emotional outburst off - putting , and Muskie ’s political fortunes never recovered ; he eventually lost the nomination to George McGovern .
Later it was revealed that Muskie was almost certainly a victim of one of Nixon ’s “ dirty tricks . ”
The Canuck Letter turned out to be a fabrication written by a Nixon staff member intent on discrediting a man who had put the president ’s reelection in jeopardy .
Jon Stewart - September 20 , 2001
After 9/11 , many newscasters and media personalities had an understandably difficult time keeping their composure , and comedy programs faced the additional challenge of continuing on during such a somber time .
As media personalities remarked on the devastation and shock of that day , many revealed a very human side of themselves .
Few such commentaries came off as authentic and heartfelt as John Stewart ’s on the day the Daily Show recommenced .
Watching his remarks now , one can vividly remember the way 9/11 felt like a horrendous punch in the gut .
Deeply affected and choking up many times throughout his remarks , Stewart came off as a class act and as a man who truly loves his country .
Dick Vermeil - 1999
Dick Vermeil was a football coach known for wearing his heart on his sleeve .
He cried all the time : at press conferences , during speeches , when he cut a player , when he traded a player , when his team lost , when his team won .
Yet his crying was never born of selfishness or a woe is me attitude .
He cried because he loved the game and he loved his players .
“ If you do n’t invest very much , then defeat does n’t hurt very much and winning is not very exciting , ” Vermeil once said .
One of his finest cries came after Ram ’s quarterback Trent Green was injured .
Vermeil had ended a 14 year retirement to return and coach the Rams .
Their first two seasons had been an embarrassing wash .
And things seemed to take a turn for the worse when Green was sidelined at the beginning of the 99′ season .
Yet Vermeil did n’t cry for himself and the heat his career would continue to face ; he cried for Green , knowing how hard the man had worked and how badly it would feel to have it taken away .
Vermeil next cried when his back - up quarterback , the then unknown Kurt Warner , won his first game as a starter .
Vermeil ’s eyes seldom remained dry that season , as the Rams went on to win the Super Bowl .
Abraham Lincoln - June 3 , 1861
Lincoln was a profoundly melancholy guy .
And few other men have had as many reasons to weep .
Lincoln wept often ; even the occasion of first hearing “ The Battle Hymn of the Republic ” was enough to make him sob .
One of his manliest cries , however , was when he wept over his longtime rival ’s death .
Stephen A. Douglas had been Lincoln ’s rival for the Senate in 1858 and his opponent in their famous debates .
Lincoln lost to Douglas in that election .
But the two men found themselves squaring off again in the 1860 presidential election , and this time , Lincoln bested his opponent .
Despite their differences , the two competitors did have common ground ; Douglas vigorously supported Lincoln ’s use of military action to oppose Southern secession .
Douglas set off on a non -stop series of speaking engagements in the South , urging the secessionists to rejoin the Union .
Exhausted , Douglas contracted typhoid fever and died June 3 , 1861 .
When Lincoln heard the news of Douglas ’ death , he openly and unabashedly wept .
Though the men had been rivals , Lincoln had once called Douglas “ his best friend in the world . ”
If only all politics could be conducted with such civility and respect .
David Letterman - September 17 , 2001
David Letterman was the first TV comedian to return his show to air after 9/11 , and like Stewart , he put aside the usual yuks and chose to begin the Late Show with a heartfelt speech about the recent events .
Letterman described the somber mood in the city , praised Giuliani ’s leadership , and celebrated the courage of New York City ’s fire and policemen .
He then pointed to the example of a small , struggling , agricultural town in Montana as symbolic of the American spirit .
As he related how the townspeople had crowded into the high school ’s auditorium to hold a rally to raise money for New York City , Letterman got mighty choked up .
Tiger Woods - July 23 , 2006
Earl Woods was more than just a father to his son Tiger .
He was Tiger ’s mentor , best friend , and inspiration .
Earl introduced golf to his son while he was just a baby ; as Tiger sat in a high chair , Earl showed him how to swing a golf club .
On May 3 , 2006 , Earl passed away from prostate cancer .
When Tiger returned to golf after mourning his father ’s death , his game was rusty and he missed the cut for the US Open .
But he soon recovered his strength and focus and triumphantly won the Open Championship , an event he had dedicated to his dad .
After sinking his final putt , Tiger sobbed on his caddie ’s shoulder , thinking of the man who had gotten him to the point of being the greatest golfer in the world .
Brett Favre - March 4 , 2008
After 16 seasons and 442 touchdown passes , legendary Green Bay Packer Brett Favre decided it was time to hang up his cleats .
It ’s never easy for athletes to walk away from the sport they love ; for Brett Favre , it was positively heartbreaking .
At the press conference to announce his retirement , Favre struggled mightily to keep his composure but ended up weeping as he praised his fans and teammates and spoke of his love for the game .
“ I ’ve given everything I could possibly give to this organization , to the game of football , and I do n’t think I have anything left to give . ”
Ulysses S. Grant - April 15 , 1865
On April 9 , 1865 General Lee surrendered at Appomattox .
The Civil War had reached its conclusion and General Ulysses S. Grant could finally celebrate after years of tremendous bloodshed and incredible stress .
The celebration did not last long ; however , less than a week later , word reached Grant that Lincoln had been assassinated .
Grant wept when he received the news .
Lincoln had been Grant ’s friend and champion .
When the public had cried for Grant ’s head after the bloodbath at Shiloh , Lincoln had replied , “ I ca n’t spare this man .
He fights . ”
He was , said Grant , “ Incontestably the greatest man I ever knew . ”
Dishonorable Mentions
Iron Eyes Cody
Iron Eyes Cody , who claimed to be of Cherokee / Cree descent , was frequently cast in Westerns and worked as an ardent supporter of Native American causes .
But his most memorable role came in the 1971 “ Keep America Beautiful ” public service ad .
At the end of this anti-pollution commercial , a callous motorist flings a bag of trash at Cody ’s feet .
A tear rolls down the Indian ’s worn cheek .
The image became iconic ; not only had whites taken the Indians ’ land , they had also made a heaping mess out of it !
The only problem ?
Iron Eyes Cody was no Indian ; he was a second generation Italian who had for decades passed himself off as the real deal .
And the tear was n’t authentic either ; it was glycerin .
Tom Coburn - September 14 , 2005
During the confirmation hearings for Supreme Court Justice nominee John Roberts , Tom Coburn , Republican Senator from Oklahoma , choked back tears over what he felt was the divisively partisan nature of the proceedings .
Filled with emotion , Coburn said , “ When I ponder our country . . . my heart aches for less divisiveness , less polarization , less fingerpointing , less bitterness , less mindless partisanship . ”
Bitter partisanship is certainly something that makes every man want to shed a tear , but coming from the man who fought against a resolution honoring Rachel Carson on her 100th birthday , argued that “ Lesbianism is so rampant in some of the schools in Southeast Oklahoma that they ’ll only let one girl go to the bathroom , ” advocated the death penalty for doctors who perform abortions , placed a hold on a bill protecting Whistleblowers from retaliation , and was actually doing a crossword puzzle before it was his turn to speak , the tears lack a certain amount of , um , credibility .
Jimmy Swaggart - February 21 , 1988
In the 1980s , televangelist Jimmy Swaggart was riding high .
“ The Jimmy Swaggart Telecast ” was broadcasted on 250 television stations and watched by over two million people .
Wrapping himself in a cloak of righteousness , Swaggart called out fellow evangelists ( and competitors ) Marvin Gorman and James Bakker for their sexual infidelities .
Unfortunately , Swaggart had failed to remove the beam from his own eye .
Caught in a tryst with a prostitute , Swaggart confessed his indiscretion to a shocked congregation and television audience .
As the tears streamed down his cheeks , Swaggart prayed , “ I have sinned against you , my Lord , and I would ask that your precious blood would wash and cleanse every stain until it is in the seas of God ’s forgiveness . ”
Apparently , Swaggart ’s repentance was only skin deep ; he was caught with another prostitute in 1991 .
Bill Clinton
When Bill Clinton was president , he appointed Ron Brown to be his Secretary of Commerce .
Brown ’s tenure in the position was cut short when the plane he was flying in crashed in Croatia .
When Clinton exited Brown ’s funeral , he was seen laughing with his colleagues .
But as soon as he spied a camera , his smile instantly turned into a frown and he pretended to wipe away tears .
Richard Nixon - September 23 , 1952
In 1952 , Richard Nixon was the Republican candidate for the vice presidency .
But a scandal erupted which threatened to derail his campaign ; Nixon was accused of taking $ 18,000 in illegal campaign contributions .
This prompted Nixon to speak to the country in order to explain his innocence and the honesty of his finances .
In what became known as the “ Checkers Speech , ” Nixon did admit to taking one unusual contribution - a Cocker Spaniel his daughters had named “ Checkers . ”
Nixon choked up as he told the national audience , “ the kids , like all kids , love the dog and I just want to say this right now , that regardless of what they say about it , we ’re gonna keep it . ”
After concluding the speech , Nixon broke down and sobbed .
“ ‘ I was an utter flop , ” he said , “ Well , at least I won the dog vote tonight . ”
These essays will return soon .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Tests of the bones of two Viking women found in a buried longboat have dispelled 100 - year - old suspicions that one was a maid sacrificed to accompany her queen into the afterlife , experts said on Friday .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The bones indicated that a broken collarbone on the younger woman had been healing for several weeks -- meaning the break was not part of a ritual execution as suspected since the 22 - metre ( 72 ft ) long Oseberg ship was found in 1904 .
“ We have no reason to think violence was the cause of death , ” Per Holck , professor of anatomy at Oslo University , told Reuters after studying the two women who died in 834 aged about 80 and 50 .
“ The fracture could have been caused by stumbling or whatever .
She could have been seriously hurt , got brain damage .
But this fracture alone is no sign of killing , ” he said .
The discovery of the ornate Oseberg oak longboat in south Norway , with a curling prow and the bodies of two women , was one of the archaeological sensations of the early 20th century .
Historians believe the Vikings sometimes practiced ritual killings .
Arab 10th century traveler Ahmad Ibn Fadlan wrote a detailed description of a Viking burial in Russia where a servant girl was stabbed to death and buried .
The bones of the older Oseberg woman showed she had cancer , Holck said of studies since the skeletons were exhumed last year to see if modern technology could discover more about them than when they were re-buried in 1948 .
“ It is a terminal cancer so I ’m pretty sure that was the reason for her death , ” Holck said .
It was the earliest documented cancer in Norway .
The studies also indicated both women were of high rank -- their diets were largely of meat when most Vikings lived off fish .
The teeth of the younger woman showed she used a metal toothpick , a rare 9th century luxury .
Historians have long suspected that one of the two was Queen Aasa , mother of Halfdan the Black , father of the first king of all Norway , Harald Fairhair .
The old woman suffered from Morgagni ’s syndrome , a hormonal disturbance that gave her a man - like appearance with a beard and a thick - set body .
For the two women , there was not enough DNA to tell if they were related , for instance a queen and her daughter .
“ There are still more questions than answers , ” said Egil Mikkelsen , director of Oslo ’s Museum of Cultural History .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on :
blogs.reuters.com/environment/
If you think 10,000,000 cases of identity theft each year is a threat , read on .
Site map : Upper right : RSS Feed .
Beneath each article : Click to Jack Payne 's web site and read the first 2 chapters of his legal thriller , Six Hours Past Thursday .
Below this click on Bookmarks , to save the article you have just read to a menu of some 30 + social bookmarking networks .
To read a variety of book reviews , and / or , to order a copy of the book , click on the Amazon link .
By JAMES TOZER
Last updated at 19:09 09 May 2008
He only popped out to run a couple of errands for his disabled wife .
But Keith
Hirst ended up spending the night in a police cell after being accused of dropping an apple core .
Despite strenuously denying the allegation , the former plumber , who has a heart condition , was taken into custody by up to five uniformed officers and had his DNA and fingerprints taken .
Scroll down for more ...
Keith Hirst , who has a heart condition , was locked up for 18 hours
By then his worried family were calling hospitals , fearing he had been in an accident .
It was n't until nearly 11 pm that he was able to ring them and explain what had happened .
He was finally released after 18 hours behind bars .
Mr Hirst , 54 , said yesterday he would fight to clear his name in a case which could leave him with a criminal record and cost taxpayers thousands of pounds .
" The way I was treated you would have thought I had robbed a bank , " he said .
" My family are law - abiding people and I would help if I saw a gang of yobs attacking a police officer .
" This kind of incident does not help in improving relations between the community and police . "
Mr Hirst had just come out of a post office near his home in Swinton , Greater Manchester , and was heading for the chemists to collect his wife 's prescription when a community support officer accused him of littering .
He said the officer wanted to issue him with a £ 50 on - the - spot fine for littering .
" There was a chap there in a fluorescent jacket , big sunglasses , and a baseball cap , on a bike , with a wad of tickets and a pen .
He said , ' Why did you drop that apple core ? ' and I told him I did n't drop an apple core .
" He then said he wanted my name and address .
He was an over - zealous young lad , baying to give me a ticket .
" I told him I was on my way to the shops but would be walking back that way if he wanted to speak to me later . "
Mr Hirst says that when he emerged from the chemists he claimed he was surrounded by five uniformed officers .
" I said I had done nothing wrong and so was not telling them who I was , " he said .
He was taken to the police station , where his belongings were taken and his DNA and finger - prints recorded before being locked in the cells overnight .
He twice had to be seen by a doctor after complaining of dizziness and chest pains .
After being charged with littering and obstructing a police officer , the following morning he was handcuffed to a security guard to appear before local magistrates .
His wife , whose disability is due to a back problem , said : " The first I knew about it was when Keith called at 10.45 pm .
" He 'd gone to the Post Office at lunchtime .
We did not know where he was and my daughter had been ringing hospitals .
The whole case is ridiculous . "
A police source claimed Mr Hirst had flung the apple core across the road , almost hitting someone .
The source added that Mr Hirst refused to give his details to a single officer called in by the PCSO as back - up after he behaved rudely and aggressively .
This officer requested two more officers to arrest him .
If he had provided his address he would have been released from custody , the source added .
The obstruction charge was subsequently dropped but Mr Hirst is due to face trial before a district judge for the alleged littering offence last month .
He could face a £ 2,500 fine or up to six months in prison .
Superintendent Ian Palmer , of Greater Manchester Police , said : " Littering is an offence .
We work tirelessly to ensure the streets are not only safe but also clean . "
Earlier this year , the Daily Mail told how Kate Badger , 25 , from Wolverhampton , was taken to court after being accused of throwing an apple core from her car .
The case , which dragged on for a year at a cost of at least £ 2,800 , was later dropped .
Last month , Sarah Davies , 20 , was fined £ 75 after dropping a piece of sausage roll she was feeding to her four - year - old daughter in Hull .
The object was seen floating past the shuttle 's right wing Astronauts on the US space shuttle Discovery have been told a piece of floating debris and apparent bump on its tail pose no danger for re-entry .
The shuttle crew had taken a photo of an object , which was 30 - 45 cm ( 1 - 1.5 feet ) long .
They had also reported a bump sticking out from the tail fin .
But the debris was a non-critical clip used to hold down thermal blankets on the rudder and speed brake , Nasa said .
The bump was found to have been caused by lighting and the rudder 's position .
Discovery has been on a mission to the International Space Station ( ISS ) to install the Japanese - built Kibo laboratory .
The shuttle has already detached from the ISS and is conducting safety checks before it is due to re-enter the atmosphere and land in Florida at 1115 Florida time ( 1515 GMT ) on Saturday .
' Pressing ahead '
" After completing a standard day - before - landing test of the shuttle steering jets , the crew indicated they had seen a 1 - 1.5 foot - long rectangular object floating away from the shuttle from behind the rear portion of the right wing , " Nasa said in a statement on Friday .
We 're no longer concerned
Discovery commander Mark Kelly " Shortly afterwards , the crew described what they called a ' bump ' on the left side trailing edge of Discovery 's rudder . "
Objects have previously broken off the shuttle , but have turned out to be chunks of ice or harmless items from the payload bay .
Nasa engineers later determined the debris was one of three spring - like clips that protect the back of the rudder and speed brake during launch .
" It 's just not a factor for entry , " astronaut Terry Virts told reporters at Mission Control afterwards .
" We 're still pressing ahead . "
Experts also studied the slight bump on the shuttle 's vertical tail fin and concluded that the angle of the lighting and the rudder 's position had made the fin look strange , when it was exactly how it was at lift - off , Mission Control said .
" We 're no longer concerned , " Discovery commander Mark Kelly said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Japan is to bow to international pressure and ban the possession of child pornography , although the new law is expected to anger child welfare groups by exempting manga comics and animated films .
Media reports said the Liberal Democratic party and its junior coalition partner are drafting legislation that would bring Japan into line with most other developed countries , amid mounting criticism of its failure to address the sexual exploitation of minors .
Currently , Japan and Russia are the only G8 countries in which it is still legal to own pornographic images of children provided they do not intend to sell them or post them on the internet .
Japan is one of the world 's biggest suppliers of child pornography and the second biggest consumer after the US , despite a 1999 law that banned the production , sale and distribution of images of children under 18 .
The government decided to act following scathing public criticism by the US ambassador to Tokyo , Thomas Schieffer .
" The term ' child pornography ' misrepresents the heinous nature of this crime , " Schieffer wrote in a recent newspaper article .
" Unlike some people in adult pornography , children are not willing or paid participants .
The majority of images and videos depict the violent and brutal sexual assault of children , most of them younger than 12 years old .
We are talking about child rape . "
This week Schieffer will discuss the measures with the justice minister , Kunio Hatoyama .
" This is a reprehensible market , " Hatoyama said .
" It is true that the lack of a penalty for individual possession is serving as a loophole .
As with narcotics , approval of possession could lead to distribution over the internet . "
Though they welcomed the new law , child welfare campaigners said they were dismayed that the legislation will almost certainly not apply to the huge market in manga and other forms of animation that sexually exploit children .
" We would like the revised law to cover manga , but it is extremely difficult , " a spokeswoman for Unicef 's Japan office told the Guardian .
" We keep encountering arguments about freedom of expression , but if the US and other countries can ban that kind of material , why does Japan continue to tolerate it ? "
Saito said it was impossible to gauge the size of Japan 's child pornography market because it includes illegal websites and DVDs featuring children who , in some cases , are much younger than 18 .
Figures show an alarming increase in demand for child pornography in Japan .
Last year , 304 children under 18 were identified as victims , police said , up more than 20 % from 2006 and the highest total since records began in 1999 .
While police prosecuted 25 child pornography cases in 1999 , the figure had risen to 585 cases by 2006 .
Criminalising possession has widespread public support amid a slew of media reports about men offering money to girls in return for sexually explicit photographs via mobile phone dating sites .
A survey last year found that about 70 % of adults were in favour of banning possession , while almost 86 % said manga and other illustrations should also be covered by the revised law .
Sexually explicit comics account for a sizeable chunk of Japan 's 500bn yen manga market .
Many feature schoolgirls or childlike adults being raped or engaging in sadomasochism .
Manga belonging to the popular " lolicon " - Japanese slang for Lolita complex - genre are likely to escape the ban , as MPs are concerned that outlawing them could infringe on freedom of expression and drive men who use them as an outlet for their sexual urges to commit more serious offences .
Other critics of a far - reaching ban say the characters depicted in scores of lolicon titles are fictional and so are not being harmed .
Police are responding to public concern over books carrying suggestive photographs of girls under 15 that are commonly sold alongside hardcore pornography .
Among last year 's most popular " junior idol " titles was Melty Pudding , featuring 9 - year - old Rei Asamizu dressed in a bikini .
But in a rare move , police earlier this year arrested the publisher of a book that contained photographs of a scantily dressed 14 - year - old girl striking suggestive poses .
· This article was amended on Tuesday March 11 2008 .
Ask Clark : Submit A Question
Got a brief consumer question , tip or story for Clark ?
Submit your question for Clark here Please note : Submitting a question to “ Ask ...
Learn More
Microblogging / social messaging service Twitter has become the center of a new debate about online harassment and what services ' responsibilities are the protect their users .
What started out as the fairly run -of - the - mill harassment of a female user has turned into a much larger controversy over terms of service , the definition of a community , and what protections the site might have under the law .
He said , she said
The sequence of events began like this : Ariel Waldman , now community manager for Twitter competitor Pownce ( but was apparently not in this position when the issue began ) became the subject of what she characterizes as harassing " tweets " ( 140 - character messages sent to the service , usually broadcast to the public ) last June containing her full name , e-mail address , and disturbing comments .
At that time , she reported it to Twitter 's community manager , who subsequently removed the offending user 's updates .
According to Waldman 's blog , she continued to be harassed for the remainder of the year , while the harassment began to spread between both Twitter and Flickr .
Flickr reportedly banned the user in question and removed all instances of harassment , while Twitter did nothing in response to her attempts to report them until sometime this March .
The company finally responded at that time , simply stating that the user was unquestionably " mean " but that since nothing illegal had been done , the account would not be banned .
This is where the disagreement between Waldman and Twitter comes in , as the issue to her was not legality , but harassment as it related to Twitter 's Terms of Service , which the company openly said was modeled after Flickr's .
The TOS clearly states that users " must not abuse , harass , threaten , impersonate or intimidate other Twitter users . "
Waldman chatted on the phone with Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey about the issue ; according to Waldman , Dorsey apparently said that the company does n't like to ban users for fear of a lawsuit .
He also allegedly said at the time that Twitter had never dealt with stalkers before .
Finally , in April , Dorsey wrote Waldman and said that after reviewing the matter further , the company decided not to get involved and that the TOS would be updated .
" [ G ] ood luck with resolving the problem , " he wrote .
Those annoying Terms of Service
Twitter cofounder Biz Stone posted on GetSatisfaction that when the company reviewed the offender 's account , the team determined that the tweets were not a violation of the TOS .
Stone said that the person responsible for the account has voluntarily removed it , and therefore it is no longer available for public review .
He also stated that " Twitter is a communication utility , not a mediator of content . "
Since then , Twitter has apparently tasked its lawyers with a review and update of the TOS , which has created further uproar as Waldman 's story has become more and more public .
In a different GetSatisfaction post , Twitter product manager Jason Goldman stated , " Specific physical threats , certain legal obligations , privacy breaches of specific types of information ( e.g. SSN , credit cards ) , and misleading impersonation are some cases where we may become involved and potentially terminate an account . "
Unfortunately , since the harasser 's account is no longer available , we are unable to see exactly what he or she may have said and judge how that fits into this spelling out of the policy .
Waldman 's pointed out on her blog that some of the tweets contained the word " cunt , " although when we spoke with Waldman over e-mail , she declined to elaborate on what else her harasser said on Twitter ( according to Valleywag , Waldman was also called a " crack - whore " and accused of participating in lesbian porn ) .
" It feels like their decision to revise their TOS instead of deal with the situation is an admission of guilt , " Waldman told us over e-mail .
" Twitter 's response seems to focus on calling themselves a ' communications utility ' instead of a community , however , their TOS was inspired by Flickr ( a service that considers themselves a community and is known for taking down even questionable harassing content ) . "
Although we do n't know whether Waldman 's harasser made any specific threats , we do have some clue as to what other types of things Twitter has banned users for in the past .
Chris Brogan has a piece on a Twitter user named " foulbastard " and how he managed to get himself banned from the site .
This individual apparently created a new account , called " The Breasts , " that was apparently meant to focus on photos of breasts submitted by other Twitter users .
Without explanation , Twitter stopped allowing The Breasts to tweet .
While this sequence of events appears to be very mundane , if Twitter chose to ban users in the past over what is apparently questionable sexually - related content , it would seem reasonable to expect that the company would also ban users who are harassing other users and posting private information about them .
Stone did not respond to our requests for comment after several days , although another Twitter cofounder , Evan Williams , posted in the comments of yet another blog , admitting , " [ W ]e probably should n't have borrowed Flickr 's TOS .
Like a lot of startups , we threw something up early on and did n't give it a lot of thought .
Our bad . "
Twitter 's bad , indeed .
Although there seem to be few repercussions for attempting to retroactively enforce a new TOS that does not involve Twitter in mediating users ' harassment claims , many users are still left dissatisfied with the situation , including Waldman .
Communications Decency
There 's just one thread left hanging , though .
Twitter , like almost every other service on the Internet that thrives on content submitted by users , is probably protected from being held liable for the postings of its users due to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act .
This is the same law that has protected Craigslist from being held liable for discriminatory housing ads posted by users , SexSearch.com from being sued after a man had sex with a minor he met through the site , and other Internet users for reposting defamatory statements about others .
However , John Dozier Jr. , a managing partner at Dozier Internet Law , told Wired that Twitter may have risked its Section 230 protections the first moment it changed anything on the offending user 's account .
" If they 've edited content based on their subjective perspective , they put their immunity at risk and virtually their entire online business , because then they'd be liable to defamation claims or anything else that a publisher would , " Dozier said .
Waldman indicated to us that she does n't plan to take any legal action against the site ( yet ? ) , although she does plan to continue raising awareness about her experience .
Update : I just received an e-mail from Biz Stone that got caught up in our spam filters , so I just want to publicly clarify that Twitter did , indeed , attempt to get back to us in time .
Stone said that , upon review of the account , " only one post uses the word ' cunt ' — again without mention of a specific name .
None contain the word ' crack ' or ' whore . '
None contain threats , physical or otherwise .
Most are insults about physical or personality attributes without referring to anyone specifically . "
He also clarified that Twitter has not yet edited its TOS , although it is currently in a state of review .
" Our Terms of Service is two years old and in need of an update beyond just the section covering the code of conduct .
We were engaged in this edit before this incident and there is no connection .
There are issues of liability , indemnity , and various legalese that need to be brought up to speed with the current state of Twitter .
Until that document is updated we stand behind our current ToS , we care about users , and we take every complaint seriously . "
Common Arguments ( 1997 )
Traducción al Español / Spanish translation
Hebrew translation
Introduction
This document contains responses to points which were brought up repeatedly in Usenet newsgroups and on discussion boards devoted to discussion of atheism .
Points covered here are ones which are not covered in the document " An Introduction to Atheism . "
Note :
It is highly recommended that you read that document first .
These answers are not intended to be exhaustive or definitive .
The purpose of FAQ documents is not to stifle debate , but to raise its level .
Overview of contents :
" Hitler was an atheist , and look at what he did ! "
Adolf Hitler was emphatically not an atheist .
As he said himself :
The folkish - minded man , in particular , has the sacred duty , each in his own denomination , of making people stop just talking superficially of God 's will , and actually fulfill God 's will , and not let God 's word be desecrated .
[ original italics ]
For God 's will gave men their form , their essence , and their abilities .
Anyone who destroys
His work is declaring war on the Lord 's creation , the divine will .
Therefore , let every man be active , each in his own denomination if you please , and let every man take it as his first and most sacred duty to oppose anyone who in his activity by word or deed steps outside the confines of his religious community and tries to butt into the other .
[...]
Hence today I believe that I am acting in accordance with the will of the Almighty Creator : by defending myself against the Jew , I am fighting for the work of the Lord. [ original italics ]
[ Adolf Hitler , from " Mein Kampf , " translation by Ralph Mannheim . ]
Hitler certainly appeared at times to be a theist , and claimed to be a Christian :
The Führer made it known to those entrusted with the Final Solution that the killings should be done as humanely as possible .
This was in line with his conviction that he was observing God 's injunction to cleanse the world of vermin .
Still a member in good standing of the Church of Rome despite detestation of its hierarchy ( " I am now as before a Catholic and will always remain so " [ quoting Hitler ] ) , he carried within him its teaching that the Jew was the killer of God .
The extermination , therefore , could be done without a twinge of conscience since he was merely acting as the avenging hand of God -- so long as it was done impersonally , without cruelty .
[ Pulitzer Prize winner John Toland
from " Adolf Hitler , " pp 507 , talking about the Autumn of 1941 . ]
The " I am now as before a Catholic ... " quotation from Hitler was recorded in the diary of Gerhard Engel , an SS Adjutant , in October 1941 .
Hitler was speaking in private , not before a mass audience , and so it is difficult to dismiss the comment as propaganda lies .
Of course , someone bad believing something does not make that belief wrong .
It 's also entirely possible that Hitler was lying when he claimed to believe in God .
We certainly can't conclude that he's an atheist , though .
" In the Bible it says that ... "
Most atheists feel that the Bible is of questionable accuracy , as it was written thousands of years ago by many authors who were recording oral tradition that existed many years before .
Thus , any claimed " truth " in it is of questionable legitimacy .
This is n't to say that The Bible has no truth in it ; simply that any truth must be examined before being accepted .
Many atheists also feel that because any passage is subject to " interpretation , " any claim that a passage " means " one thing and one thing only is not legitimate .
Note that this feeling tends to extend to other books .
It is also remarkable to many atheists that theists tend to ignore other equally plausible religious books in favor of those of their own religion .
" If you believe in God and turn out to be incorrect , you have lost nothing -- but if you do n't believe in God and turn out to be incorrect , you will go to hell .
Therefore it is foolish to be an atheist . "
This argument is known as Pascal 's Wager .
It has several flaws .
Firstly , it does not indicate which religion to follow .
Indeed , there are many mutually exclusive and contradictory religions out there .
This is often described as the " avoiding the wrong hell " problem .
If a person is a follower of one religion , he may end up in another religion 's version of hell .
Even if we assume that there 's a God , that does n't imply that there 's one unique God .
Which should we believe in ?
If we believe in all of them , how will we decide which commandments to follow ?
Secondly , the statement that " If you believe in God and turn out to be incorrect , you have lost nothing " is not true .
Suppose you 're believing in the wrong God -- the true God might punish you for your foolishness .
Consider also the deaths that have resulted from people rejecting medicine in favor of prayer .
Another flaw in the argument is that it is based on the assumption that the two possibilities are equally likely -- or at least , that they are of comparable likelihood .
If , in fact , the possibility of there being a God is close to zero , the argument becomes much less persuasive .
So sadly the argument is only likely to convince those who believe already .
Also , many feel that for intellectually honest people , belief is based on evidence , with some amount of intuition .
It is not a matter of will or cost - benefit analysis .
Formally speaking , the argument consists of four statements :
One does not know whether God exists .
Not believing in God is bad for one 's eternal soul if God does exist .
Believing in God is of no consequence if God does not exist .
Therefore it is in one 's interest to believe in God .
There are two approaches to the argument .
The first is to view Statement 1 as an assumption , and Statement 2 as a consequence of it .
The problem is that there 's really no way to arrive at Statement 2 from Statement 1 via simple logical inference .
The statements just do n't follow on from each other .
The alternative approach is to claim that Statements 1 and 2 are both assumptions .
The problem with this is that Statement 2 is then basically an assumption which states the Christian position , and only a Christian will agree with that assumption .
The argument thus collapses to " If you are a Christian , it is in your interests to believe in God " - - a rather vacuous tautology , and not the way Pascal intended the argument to be viewed .
Also , if we do n't even know that God exists , why should we take Statement 2 over some similar assumption ?
Is n't it just as likely that God would be angry at people who chose to believe for personal gain ?
If God is omniscient , he will certainly know who really believes and who believes as a wager .
He will spurn the latter ... assuming he actually cares at all whether people truly believe in him .
Some have suggested that the person who chooses to believe based on Pascal 's Wager , can then somehow make the transition to truly believing .
Unfortunately , most atheists do n't find it possible to make that leap .
In addition , this hypothetical God may require more than simple belief ; almost all Christians believe that the Christian God requires an element of trust and obedience from his followers .
That destroys the assertion that if you believe but are wrong , you lose nothing .
Finally , if this God is a fair and just God , surely he will judge people on their actions in life , not on whether they happen to believe in him .
A God who sends good and kind people to hell is not one most atheists would be prepared to consider worshipping .
" Did Jesus exist ?
If not , then there 's not much to talk about .
If he did , he called himself Lord .
This means that either :
He was Lord ,
He was a liar , or
He was a lunatic .
It 's unlikely he was a liar , given his morals as described in the Bible , and his behavior does n't sound like that of a lunatic .
So surely we must conclude that he was Lord ? "
Firstly , note that this argument hinges on the assumption that Jesus did in fact exist .
This is at least debatable .
Secondly , the argument attempts a logical fallacy which we might call " trifurcation , " by analogy with " bifurcation " ( see the " Constructing a Logical Argument " document ) .
That is , the argument attempts to restrict us to three possibilities , when in fact there are many more .
Two of the more likely alternatives are :
He was misquoted in the Bible , and did not claim to be Lord .
The stories about him were made up , or embroidered with fictitious material by the early Christians .
Note that in the New Testament Jesus does not say that he is God , although John 10:30 claims that he said " I and my father are one . "
The claim that Jesus was God was first made after the death of Jesus and his twelve disciples .
Finally , note that the possibility that he was a " lunatic " is not easily discountable .
Even today in the western world there are numerous people who have managed to convince hundreds or thousands of followers that they are the Lord or his One True Prophet .
People like L. Ron Hubbard , Sun Myung Moon , Jim Jones and David Koresh continue to peddle their divinity .
In more superstitious countries , there are literally hundreds of present - day messiahs .
Incidentally , the " Lord , Liar or Lunatic " argument is based on arguments in the book " Mere Christianity " by C.S. Lewis , the well known author and committed Christian .
He wrote many books containing Christian apologia , and also a number of fantasy and SF novels influenced by Christian themes .
His most famous books , the Narnia series of novels , are a fantasy retelling of many aspects of Christian faith , with Aslan taking the place of Jesus .
Amusingly , some Christian fundamentalists in the USA have attempted to have Lewis ' books banned from schools , alleging that they are " Satanic " in influence .
" People keep talking about Occam 's Razor .
What is it ? "
William of Occam formulated a principle which has become known as Occam 's Razor .
In its original form , it said " Do not multiply entities unnecessarily . "
That is , if you can explain something without supposing the existence of some entity , then do so .
Nowadays when people refer to Occam 's Razor , they often express it more generally , for example as " Take the simplest solution . "
The relevance to atheism is that we can look at two possible explanations for what we see around us :
There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there , which came into being as a result of natural processes .
There is an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there , and there is also a God who created the universe .
Clearly this God must be of non-zero complexity .
Given that both explanations fit the facts , Occam 's Razor might suggest that we should take the simpler of the two -- solution number one .
Unfortunately , some argue that there is a third even more simple solution :
There is n't an incredibly intricate and complex universe out there .
We just imagine that there is .
This third option leads us logically towards solipsism , which many people find unacceptable .
" I want to tell people about the virtues and benefits of my religion . "
Preaching is not appreciated by the majority of atheists , most of whom have been " preached at " by well - meaning Christians ( and sometimes by other theists , as well ) .
Often theists make their basic claims about God in the form of lengthy analogies or parables .
Be aware that atheists have heard of God and know the basic claims ; if the sole purpose of your parable is to tell atheists that God exists and brings salvation , you may as well not bother inasmuch as this kind of thing is nothing new .
" I know from personal experience and prayer that God exists . "
Just as many theists have personal evidence that the being they worship exists , so many atheists have personal evidence that such beings do not exist .
That evidence varies from person to person .
Furthermore , without wishing to dismiss your evidence out of hand , many people have claimed all kinds of unlikely things -- that they have been abducted by UFOs , visited by the ghost of Elvis , and so on .
" Albert Einstein believed in God .
Do you think you 're more clever than him ? "
Einstein did once comment that " God does not play dice [ with the universe ] . "
This quotation is commonly mentioned to show that Einstein believed in the Christian God .
Used this way , it is out of context ; it refers to Einstein 's refusal to accept some aspects of the most popular interpretations of quantum theory .
Furthermore , Einstein 's religious background was Jewish rather than Christian .
A better quotation showing what Einstein thought about God is the following :
I believe in Spinoza 's God who reveals himself in the orderly harmony of what exists , not in a God who concerns himself with fates and actions of human beings .
Einstein recognized Quantum Theory as the best scientific model for the physical data available .
He did not accept claims that the theory was complete , or that probability and randomness were an essential part of nature .
He believed that a better , more complete theory would be found , which would have no need for statistical interpretations or randomness .
So far no such better theory has been found , and much evidence suggests that it never will be .
A longer quote from Einstein appears in Science , Philosophy , and Religion , A Symposium , published by the Conference on Science , Philosophy and Religion in Their Relation to the Democratic Way of Life , Inc. , New York , 1941 .
In it he says :
The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature .
For him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an independent cause of natural events .
To be sure , the doctrine of a personal God interfering with natural events could never be refuted [ italics his ] , in the real sense , by science , for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot .
But I am convinced that such behavior on the part of representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal .
For a doctrine which is to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark , will of necessity lose its effect on mankind , with incalculable harm to human progress .
In their struggle for the ethical good , teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal God , that is , give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vast power in the hands of priests .
In their labors they will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable of cultivating the Good , the True , and the Beautiful in humanity itself .
This is , to be sure , a more difficult but an incomparably more worthy task ...
Einstein has also said :
It was , of course , a lie what you read about my religious convictions , a lie which is being systematically repeated .
I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly .
If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it .
The above quote is from a letter Einstein wrote in English , dated 24 March 1954 .
It is included in Albert Einstein : The Human Side , edited by Helen Dukas and Banesh Hoffman , and published by Princeton University Press .
Also from the same book :
I do not believe in immortality of the individual , and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it .
Of course , the fact that Einstein chose not to believe in Christianity does not in itself imply that Christianity is false .
For more of Einstein 's writings , see Albert Einstein in the Secular Web Library .
" Everyone worships something , whether it 's money , power or God . "
If that is true , everyone is a polytheist .
Theists care just as much about those things that atheists care about .
If the atheists ' reactions to ( for example ) their families amount to worship then so do the theists . '
Also , holding something as more important than all other things does not constitute " worship " by any meaningful definition of the word .
" The presence of design in the universe proves there is a God .
Surely you do n't think all this appeared here just by chance ? "
This is known as the Argument From Design .
It is a matter of dispute whether there is any element of design in the universe .
Those who believe that the complexity and diversity of living creatures on the earth is evidence of a creator are advised to consult the Talk Origins Archive .
There is insufficient space to summarize both sides of that debate here .
However , the conclusion is that there is no scientific evidence in favor of so - called Scientific Creationism .
Furthermore , there is much evidence , observation and theory that can explain many of the complexities of the universe and life on earth .
The origin of the Argument by Design is a feeling that the existence of something as incredibly intricate as , say , a human is so improbable that surely it can't have come about by chance ; that surely there must be some external intelligence directing things so that humans come from the chaos deliberately .
But if human intelligence is so improbable , surely the existence of a mind capable of fashioning an entire universe complete with conscious beings must be immeasurably more unlikely ?
The approach used to argue in favor of the existence of a creator can be turned around and applied to the Creationist position .
This leads us to the familiar theme of " If a creator created the universe , what created the creator ? " but with the addition of spiraling improbability .
The only way out is to declare that the creator was not created and just " is " ( or " was " ) .
From here we might as well ask what is wrong with saying that the universe just " is " without introducing a creator ?
Indeed Stephen Hawking , in his book " A Brief History of Time , " explains his theory that the universe is closed and finite in extent , with no beginning or end .
The Argument From Design is often stated by analogy , in the so - called Watchmaker Argument .
One is asked to imagine that one has found a watch on the beach .
Does one assume that it was created by a watchmaker , or that it evolved naturally ?
Of course one assumes a watchmaker .
Yet like the watch , the universe is intricate and complex ; so , the argument goes , the universe too must have a creator .
The Watchmaker analogy suffers from three particular flaws , over and above those common to all Arguments By Design .
Firstly , a watchmaker creates watches from pre-existing materials , whereas God is claimed to have created the universe from nothing .
These two sorts of creation are clearly fundamentally different , and the analogy is therefore rather weak .
Secondly , a watchmaker makes watches , but there are many other things in the world .
If we walked further along the beach and found a nuclear reactor , we would n't assume it was created by the watchmaker .
The argument would therefore suggest a multitude of creators , each responsible for a different part of creation ( or a different universe , if you allow the possibility that there might be more than one ) .
Finally , in the first part of the watchmaker argument we conclude that the watch is not part of nature because it is ordered , and therefore stands out from the randomness of nature .
Yet in the second part of the argument , we start from the position that the universe is obviously not random , but shows elements of order .
The Watchmaker argument is thus internally inconsistent .
Apart from logical inconsistencies in the watchmaker argument , it 's worth pointing out that biological systems and mechanical systems behave very differently .
What 's unlikely for a pile of gears is not necessarily unlikely for a mixture of biological molecules .
" Gödel 's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible for the Bible to be both true and complete . "
Gödel 's First Incompleteness
Theorem applies to any consistent formal system which :
Is sufficiently expressive that it can model ordinary arithmetic
Has a decision procedure for determining whether a given string is an axiom within the formal system ( i.e. is " recursive " )
Gödel showed that in any such system S , it is possible to formulate an expression which says " This statement is unprovable in S . "
If such a statement were provable in S , then S would be inconsistent .
Hence any such system must either be incomplete or inconsistent .
If a formal system is incomplete , then there exist statements within the system which can never be proven to be valid or invalid ( " true " or " false " ) within the system .
Essentially , Gödel 's First Incompleteness
Theorem revolves around getting formal systems to formulate a variation on the " Liar Paradox . "
The classic Liar Paradox sentence in ordinary English is " This sentence is false . "
Note that if a proposition is undecidable , the formal system cannot even deduce that it is undecidable .
( This is Gödel 's Second Incompleteness Theorem , which is rather tricky to prove . )
The logic used in theological discussions is rarely well defined , so claims that Gödel 's Incompleteness
Theorem demonstrates that it is impossible to prove ( or disprove ) the existence of God are worthless in isolation .
One can trivially define a formal system in which it is possible to prove the existence of God , simply by having the existence of God stated as an axiom .
( This is unlikely to be viewed by atheists as a convincing proof , however . )
It may be possible to succeed in producing a formal system built on axioms that both atheists and theists agree with .
It may then be possible to show that Gödel 's Incompleteness Theorem holds for that system .
However , that would still not demonstrate that it is impossible to prove that God exists within the system .
Furthermore , it certainly would n't tell us anything about whether it is possible to prove the existence of God generally .
Note also that all of these hypothetical formal systems tell us nothing about the actual existence of God ; the formal systems are just abstractions .
Another frequent claim is that Gödel 's Incompleteness Theorem demonstrates that a religious text ( the Bible , the Book of Mormon or whatever ) cannot be both consistent and universally applicable .
Religious texts are not formal systems , so such claims are nonsense .
There are a number of books which talk specifically about Gödel 's Incompleteness Theorem , and explain concepts such as axiomatic systems , consistency and completeness :
Gödel 's Proof by Ernest Nagel and James R. Newman .
A thorough discussion of the argument in Godel 's proof , as well as its limitations ; plus an overview of its historical context .
by Ernest Nagel and James R. Newman .
A thorough discussion of the argument in Godel 's proof , as well as its limitations ; plus an overview of its historical context .
Forever Undecided : A Puzzle Guide to Godel by Raymond Smullyan .
Through puzzles , Smullyan guides the reader through the basic ideas relevant to Godel 's proof .
by Raymond Smullyan .
Through puzzles , Smullyan guides the reader through the basic ideas relevant to Godel 's proof .
Gödel 's Incompleteness Theorems , also by Raymond Smullyan .
A more formal , but still very readable , overview of the theorems .
" Did George Bush really say that atheists should not be considered citizens ? "
The following exchange took place at the Chicago airport between Robert I. Sherman of American Atheist Press " > American Atheist Press and George Bush , on August 27 1987 .
Sherman is a fully accredited reporter , and was present by invitation as a member of the press corps .
The Republican presidential nominee was there to announce federal disaster relief for Illinois .
The discussion turned to the presidential primary :
RS : " What will you do to win the votes of Americans who are atheists ? "
GB : " I guess I 'm pretty weak in the atheist community .
Faith in God is important to me . "
RS : " Surely you recognize the equal citizenship and patriotism of Americans who are atheists ? "
GB : " No , I do n't know that atheists should be considered as citizens , nor should they be considered patriots .
This is one nation under God . "
RS : " Do you support as a sound constitutional principle the separation of state and church ? "
GB : " Yes , I support the separation of church and state .
I 'm just not very high on atheists . "
UPI reported on May 8 , 1989 , that various atheist organizations were still angry over the remarks .
The exchange appeared in the Boulder Daily Camera on Monday February 27 , 1989 .
It can also be found in Free Inquiry magazine , Fall 1988 issue , Volume 8 , Number 4 , page 16 .
On October 29 , 1988 , Mr. Sherman had a confrontation with Ed Murnane , cochairman of the Bush - Quayle 1988 Illinois campaign .
This concerned a lawsuit Mr. Sherman had filed to stop the Community Consolidated School District 21 ( Chicago , Illinois ) from forcing his first - grade atheist son to pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States as " one nation under God " ( Bush 's phrase ) .
The following conversation took place :
RS : " American Atheists filed the Pledge of Allegiance lawsuit yesterday .
Does the Bush campaign have an official response to this filing ? "
EM : " It 's bullshit . "
RS : " What is bullshit ? "
EM : " Everything that American Atheists does , Rob , is bullshit . "
RS : " Thank you for telling me what the official position of the Bush campaign is on this issue . "
EM : " You 're welcome . "
After Bush 's election , American Atheists wrote to Bush asking him to retract his statement .
On February 21st 1989 , C. Boyden Gray , Counsel to the President , replied on White House stationery that Bush substantively stood by his original statement , and wrote :
As you are aware , the President is a religious man who neither supports atheism nor believes that atheism should be unnecessarily encouraged or supported by the government .
For further information , contact American Atheist Veterans at the American Atheist Press 's Cameron Road address .
" Does anyone have a list of Biblical contradictions ? "
Yes .
There are many such lists .
The following are here in the Secular Web Library :
Bible Inconsistencies : Bible Contradictions ? by Donald Morgan is a fairly comprehensive list of such problems .
Best - Selling Errancy by Mark D. Ball , Ph.D. , is an essay on inconsistencies in the Bible .
New Testament Contradictions by Paul Carlson discusses some of the most glaring New Testament contradictions .
A List of Biblical Contradictions by Jim Meritt looks at about five dozen contradictions .
In addition , there are many other biblical problems .
See , for example , the Biblical Criticism and the Biblical Errancy pages in the Secular Web Library .
" Because of the religious beliefs of the founding fathers , should n't the United States be considered a Christian nation ? "
Based upon the writings of several important founding fathers , it is clear that they never intended the US to be a Christian nation .
Here are some quotes "
What influence , in fact , have ecclesiastical establishments had on society ?
In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of the civil authority ; on many instances they have been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny ; in no instance have they been the guardians of the liberties of the people .
Rulers who wish to subvert the public liberty may have found an established clergy convenient auxiliaries .
A just government , instituted to secure and perpetuate it , needs them not .
[ James Madison , A Memorial and Remonstrance , 1785 . ]
I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of the abuses of grief which the history of mankind has preserved -- the Cross .
Consider what calamities that engine of grief has produced !
[ John Adams , in a letter to Thomas Jefferson . ]
History I believe furnishes no example of a priest - ridden people maintaining a free civil government .
This marks the lowest grade of ignorance , of which their political as well as religious leaders will always avail themselves for their own purpose .
[ Thomas Jefferson to Baron von Humboldt , 1813 . ]
I cannot conceive otherwise than that He , the Infinite Father , expects or requires no worship or praise from us , but that He is even infinitely above it .
[ Benjamin Franklin , from Articles of Belief and Acts of Religion , Nov. 20 , 1728 . ]
" Is it true that George Washington said that the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion ? "
No .
The quotation often given is in fact from Article XI of the Treaty of Tripoli ( 8 Stat 154 , Treaty Series 358 ) :
Article 11
As the government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion -- as it has in itself no character or enmity against the laws , religion or tranquility of Musselmen - - and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mehomitan nation , it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries .
The text may be found in the Congressional Record or in treaty collections such as Charles I. Bevans ' Treaties and Other International Agreements of the United States of America 1776 - 1949 , vol. 11 ( pp. 1070 - 1080 ) .
The Treaty of Tripoli was signed in Tripoli on November 4th , 1796 .
The English text of the treaty was approved by the U.S. Senate on June 7 , 1797 and ratified by President John Adams on June 10 , 1797 .
It was recently discovered that the US copy of the Arabic version of the treaty not only lacks the quotation , it lacks Article XI altogether .
Instead it seems to contain the text of a letter to the Pasha of Tripoli from the Dey of Algiers .
The person who translated the Arabic to English was Joel Barlow , Consul General at Algiers , a close friend of Thomas Paine - - and an opponent of Christianity .
It is possible that Barlow made up Article XI , but since there is no Arabic version of that article to be found , it 's hard to say .
It seems unlikely , however .
In 1806 a new Treaty of Tripoli was ratified which no longer contained the quotation .
The 1815 Treaty With Algiers contains a similar article , but does not state that the US government is not founded on religion , only that it is not incompatible with any religion .
Ignoring the question of the wording of the Arabic version of the 1796 Treaty of Tripoli , we can conclude that the wording of the English article XI fairly represents the opinion of the time , as it was passed and approved by both the US Senate and the President .
" The Bible says " Thou shalt not kill , " yet many Christians serve in the military .
What hypocrites ! "
The Hebrew word is " ratsach . "
Although this can mean " kill , " it 's one of the words less frequently used to mean " kill " in the Bible .
It can , however , be translated as " murder . "
Most modern translations of the Bible express the commandment as " Thou shalt not murder . "
The fact is , however , that this commandment originally applied only in the case of the murder of one Israelite by another .
" What does the abbreviation " xian " mean ?
Is it an insult ? "
When writing the name " Christ , " it is quite common to abbreviate it to X or x , representing the first letter ( chi ) of the Greek XPICTOC khristos .
For example , " xmas " is a common abbreviation of " Christmas . " " Xian " just means " Christian . "
According to the Oxford English Dictionary , the use of the abbreviation " xian " or " xtian " for " Christian " dates back at least as far as 1634 .
Before that , it was more usual to take the first two letters of XPICTOC , and write " xpian " for " Christian . "
Priests would record Christenings using the shorthand " xpen " or " xpn . "
So no , it 's not an insult .
In I Kings 7:23 the Bible says :
And he made a molten sea , ten cubits from the one brim to the other : it was round all about , and his height was five cubits : and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about .
If you make a molten sea with a circumference of thirty cubits , you 'll find that the diameter is 30 / pi or 9.55 cubits .
Or ten cubits , to round to the nearest integer .
In short , the Bible does not say that pi must be three .
Atheists do n't believe in any kind of supernatural being .
They view Satan as being every bit as mythological and nonexistent as God .
( This response assumes a Christian view of what 's " Satanic " ; those who call themselves Satanists often have a very different concept of Satan . )
The Ultimate ‘ Energy Saving ’ Building
In 2005 , the Chinese local government decided to build a giant freeway that passed through ChongQing , China .
To make way for one section , local buildings that would block development were bought out and demolished , except for one .
A single six - story building ’s residents refused to move from their building , no matter what the government offered .
Normally this would end the production of the highway , or in China , would have the residents forcibly removed .
This time , for some reason , they decided to just construct the bridge over the building as if it was not even there .
The locals all joke and call it the super “ energy saving ” building , as it does n’t get any sun or rain all year long .
The roof is so close to the bottom of the bridge , that the residents must all have to wear earplugs to sleep .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Turbo Era Issue 51 // December 2009 Pontiac GTO , Saab 9 - 5 , MTM Audi S3 , Acura ZDX , Suzuki Kizashi , Volkswagen Jetta TDI , Porsche Cayenne Turbo S , Acura TSX vs. Audi A4 vs. Buick LaCrosse vs. Mercedes - Benz C300 , Greenformance Awards , BMW Z4 sDrive35 i vs. Porsche Boxster S , Ford Shelby GT500 Convertible , Porsche 911 Turbo , Ford Mustang Bullitt
Truck is Born Issue 50 // November 2009 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show , McLaren MP4 - 12C , Subaru WRX SPT , Audi S4 and S5 Cabriolet , $ 40 K Convertibles Showdown , Mazdaspeed3 , Ford F - 150 SVT Raptor , Chevrolet Corvette Grand Sport , Nissan 370Z Roadster , Lamborghini Gallardo LP550 - 2 Valentino Balboni , Stupid - Fast Pickup Trucks
The Return of Fiat Issue 49 // October 2009 Jaguar XJ , Nissan 370Z Nismo , Jaguar XKR , Ford Flex EcoBoost , Lincoln MKS EcoBoost , Ford Mustang V - 6 vs. Mini Cooper , Toyota Prius , Mazda RX - 8
2010 Model Year Preview Issue 48 // September 2009 Mini Cooper JCW , Mercedes - Benz C63 AMG , BMW 750Li , 2010 Model Year Preview , 2009 Functional Awards , Porsche Panamera , Ford Taurus and SHO , BMW X1 , Honda Civic Si , Hyundai Genesis Coupe 2.0T , Budget Autobahn Burners
Best Aston Ever Issue 47 // August 2009 BMW 5 - Series Gran Turismo , Roush 427R , BMW Z4 sDrive30i , Audi TTS Roadster , Volkswagen Jetta TDI , Aston Martin V12 Vantage , Volkswagen Polo , Tesla Roadster , Lotus Elise SC , Cadillac SRX , Audi Q5 , Volvo XC60 , Secondhand Supercars
The Fast Crowd Issue 46 // July 2009 2009 Shanghai Auto Show , Mazdaspeed3 , Volkswagen Touareg V - 6 TDI , Bentley Continental GTC Speed , Volkswagen Jetta TDI SportWagen , Nissan GT-R , Porsche 911 GT3 , Pontiac G8 GXP vs. BMW 335d , Lotus Evora , Nissan 370Z vs. Ford Mustang GT vs. BMW 128i vs. Hyundai Genesis Coupe , Chevrolet Camaro , Luxury Sedan Super Sales
The Convertible Issue Issue 45 // June 2009 2009 New York Auto Show , Volkswagen Polo , Hyundai Genesis Coupe , Mazda3 , Ford Shelby GT500 , Nissan Cube , Toyota Prius , Mini Cooper S Convertible , Lotus Exige S260 Sport , Best Cars Under $ 20 K , Part Two , BMW Z4 , Lamborghini Gallardo LP560 - 4 Spyder , Our Favorite Convertibles , Aston Martin DBS
Evora Exposed Issue 44 // May 2009 2009 Geneva Motor Show , Ford Taurus Sho , Kia Soul , BMW 123d , Audi TTS Roadster , Lotus Evora , Best Cars Under $ 20 K , Part One , BMW M5 vs. Jaguar XFR , Morgan Aero 8 , Sub - $ 15 K Convertibles
Winding Road Design Awards Issue 43 // April 2009 2009 Chicago Auto Show , Volkswagen Jetta TDI , Volvo XC60 , Infiniti G37 Sedan , 2009 Design Awards , Audi R8 V - 10 , Subaru WRX vs. Mitsubishi Lancer Ralliart , Jaguar XKR and XFR , Porsche 911 Carrera 4S , AMC Eagle , Mazdaspeed6
Honda Insight Takes on Prius Issue 42 // March 2009 2009 Detroit Auto Show , Nissan 370Z , Ford Fusion and Hybrid , Lexus RX , Ford Mustang GT , Honda Insight , Toyota Prius , Pagani Zonda F , Audi RS6 , Acura Integra Type R , Ford Shelby GT500
Goldplay !
Issue 41 // February 2009 Hyundai Genesis 3.8 , Acura RL , Chevrolet Cobalt SS , Acura TL vs. Nissan Maxima , Saleen Dark Horse , Honda FC Sport Concept , Porsche Cayman S , Traffic - Stopping Photos , Twelve Best Cars Of 2008 , Most Fuel - Efficient Cars Of 2008 , The Total Power List , Cars That Deserve More Caring Parents , Ford Focus SVT , Volkswagen GTI
By offering to drop North Korea from the US list of states that sponsor terrorism , George Bush has taught the world 's despots a lesson : if you want to survive , build a nuclear arsenal .
Six years ago , the US president labelled North Korea alongside Iraq and Iran as part of an " axis of evil " , because of its dictatorial political system and pursuit of weapons of mass destruction .
In the years since , Pyongyang has compromised the least of those three nations and gained the most .
While Saddam Hussein let the weapons inspectors in , Kim Jong - il kicked them out .
While Iran fudged its nuclear intentions , North Korea proclaimed its strength in October 2006 with a test explosion of an atomic weapon .
This has blasted Bush into what appears to be a dramatic conversion .
Out has gone the doctrine of pre-emptive , largely unilateral strikes and in has come multilateral negotiated compromise .
That is not to downplay the significance of today 's developments , which are an important step towards peace on a peninsular that has been divided since the bloody Korean war .
By initiating steps to drop sanctions and remove North Korea from the list of rogue states following a 45 day verification period , Bush is showing Kim Jong - il respect .
The improved status should help Pyongyang emerge from decades of economic misery .
In the short term , the country is still in a wretched condition .
A recent US donation of 500,000 tonnes of food aid will help to stave off famine as well as sweeten the prospects of a rapprochement .
North Korea has conceded a lot less ground .
The details of the nuclear inventory submitted today have not yet been made public but it is expected to cover only plutonium processing activities .
The size and location of the country 's nuclear arsenal will be discussed at a later stage in the talks .
The declaration represents progress , but it could have come six years earlier .
In 2002 , North Korea was ready to negotiate , but the Bush administration – at the time far more gung ho than today – instigated a crisis by accusing Pyongyang of secretly enriching uranium .
Those allegations still stand , but it is thought unlikely that North Korea has included uranium in its latest declaration .
What then was the point of the past six year 's of confrontation ?
The US will argue that North Korea is finally dismantling its nuclear program .
To prove it , foreign TV stations are getting a rare chance to enter the reclusive country to broadcast the detonation of the cooling tower in the Yongbyon nuclear plant .
It will be a great show , but for the moment the significance is limited .
Yongbyon was shut down last year .
The plant has already done its job , producing enough plutonium for a small nuclear arsenal that has been squirreled away .
The US – and its friends in Japan , Europe and South Korea - will have to pay a higher price to remove this threat that they would have done six years ago .
Kim has gained a nuclear arsenal and respect .
They do not come cheap .
The average American household is experiencing a recession and the near - term economic outlook is looking increasingly dim , said Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody ’s Economy.com .
How gas prices in various U.S. cities compare .
The declining job market is limiting wage increases while food and fuel costs continue rising .
If oil stays near $ 140 a barrel , [ … ]
Opinion Developmental Aid Workers Are Killing Africa
No one has to starve in Africa .
Hunger there results from the failures of unscrupulous rulers -- and their friends in the West .
Paradoxically , it is the aid workers who are standing in the way of progress .
by
It ’s election day , so tradition dictates that I publish some photos of myself with unattended voting machines .
To recap :
It ’s well known that paperless electronic voting machines are vulnerable to tampering , if an attacker can get physical access to a machine before the election .
Most of the vendors , and a few election officials , claim that this is n’t a problem because the machines are well guarded so that no would - be attacker can get to them .
Which would be mildly reassuring – if it were true .
Here ’s me with two unattended voting machines , taken on Sunday evening in a Princeton polling place :
Here are four more unattended voting machines , taken on Monday evening in another Princeton polling place .
I stood conspicuously next to this second set of machines for fifteen minutes , and saw nobody .
In both cases I had ample opportunity to tamper with the machines – but of course I did not .
The McCain Blowout Fallacy
Last weekend David Paul Kuhn on Politico wrote about the possibility that John McCain could beat Barack Obama by as many as 50 electoral votes this November .
Kuhn cited several GOP strategists , Democrats and an anonymous RNC source who agreed with the " blowout " scenario , which is what a 50 + electoral victory would be .
To the contrary , I 'm willing to go on the record saying that , barring an unforeseen scandal , a far more likely scenario is that John McCain will lose by at least 50 electoral votes in November - and possibly as many as 150 .
The foundation of the McCain " blowout " scenario rests on the 286 electoral votes George Bush received in 2004 .
It assumes McCain would win New Hampshire , Pennsylvania , Michigan , and Minnesota - all states won by John Kerry in 2004 .
I 'll concede the possibility of New Hampshire going red this year .
John McCain has a unique relationship with the Granite State which has given him two sizable primary victories in 2000 and 2008 .
But , at best , McCain 's chances there are 51 - 49 .
Let 's take the rest state - by - state :
Pennsylvania :
If anything , the Keystone State has become much more Democratic since 2004 when Kerry won there .
In 2008 , 170,000 + Republicans switched their registration to Democrat ; Bucks and Montgomery Counties in suburban Philadelphia ( once the most reliable of Republican counties ) for the first time have more registered Democrats than Republicans .
Pennsylvania has 200,000 unregistered black voters and we should count on a minimum of 100,000 to register and vote .
By November , 250,000 new voters will turn 18 , a group that has voted 60 % + nationally for Obama .
The fastest growing Pennsylvania demographic group is college - educated , white - collar suburbanites .
We know who this group supports .
Do n't count on a massive disaffected rural blue - collar vote against Obama .
They are the smallest and lowest turnout demographic in the state .
Bottom line ?
McCain is going to be a heavy underdog in Pennsylvania this year .
Michigan :
The most devastated economic state in the Bush years is a McCain target ?
Let me get off the floor and stop laughing .
Michigan has 1.4 million blacks with 300,000 yet to be ( but will be ) registered .
It has one of the largest populations of college students in the country , and 150,000 new voters will turn 18 by Election Day .
Any bets how they will vote ?
Michigan is highly unionized in a year where unions will spend more and be more active for Democrats than at any time since the halcyon days of the 1950s .
" Uncommitted " in the Democratic primary almost beat McCain 's total vote - and that 's when no Democrat campaigned in the state .
The truth is that McCain has very little chance of winning Michigan .
Minnesota : Let 's be clear , in 1984 Minnesota voted for my boss Walter Mondale .
Suffice it to say , it was unique in that regard .
More importantly , the state 's growth is virtually all in the Minneapolis / St .
Paul region , which is full of young , upscale voters who are n't known for their GOP sympathies .
The GOP could have a convention there every two weeks and still would have trouble winning Minnesota .
Now for a real view of the landscape .
Start by giving Obama all the states Kerry won in 2004 ( except maybe New Hampshire ) and look at a few states Bush won that year :
Iowa :
This state is Obama 's spiritual home .
It is prosperous and has the largest number of colleges by population than any state in the union .
Iowa is a lock for Obama in November .
Colorado :
Once reliably GOP , the state is increasingly Democratic .
It has a retiring GOP senator whose seat looks good for a Democratic pickup .
It will also be home of the DNC convention and has a Hispanic population that has come to despise Republicans ' immigration views .
McCain showed guts bucking his party on comprehensive immigration reform but then ran from it like a scalded dog when conservatives cornered him on it last year .
Bottom line : Obama has a good shot at turning Colorado blue for only the second time since 1968 .
New Mexico : Like Colorado , there is a vacant Senate seat with a favored Democrat .
But more importantly , there 's Bill Richardson , who will turn every screw he has ( and there are many ) for Obama and will be the attack dog against McCain among Hispanics .
New Mexico also has a population that is becoming heavily Democratic with tens of thousands of Hispanics yet to be registered .
New Mexico is as good a bet for Obama as Big Brown was in the Derby .
Ohio :
In 2006 , amid rampant Republican state corruption , Ohio elected a Democratic governor and a Democratic senator .
Home foreclosures are equally as rampant and Ohio is bleeding good paying jobs daily .
Ohio had a massive Democratic primary turnout , which is the strongest predictor of general election results .
It has a large college population and 1.38 million blacks of which 300,000 are unregistered .
Expect 225,000 new black voters in November .
Over 600,000 Ohio residents have turned 18 since 2004 .
They are registering in record numbers and are overwhelmingly for Obama .
For a state Kerry lost by only 117,000 votes , I 'd say Ohio leans strongly Obama in 2008 .
The RCP Average currently has Obama leading McCain in Ohio by 1.8 % .
Virginia : The Commonwealth has been moving inexorably Democratic for the last decade .
It has a Democratic governor and one Democratic senator , soon to be two .
Twenty percent of the population is black , of which 200,000 are unregistered .
If black turnout increases by 20 % and Obama gets 90 + % of their vote , as expected , it will constitute more votes than Kerry lost to Bush in 2004 , and Kerry never contested the state .
One third of the state vote is now from Democratic Northern Virginia where a huge increase in turnout is expected in 2008 .
Already 131,000 new voters have registered , half under the age of 25 .
Over 400,000 Virginians have turned 18 since 2004 ; expect Obama to win them in a walk .
Although McCain currently leads Obama in Virginia by 1.3 % in the RCP Average , expect that to reverse when Obama becomes the nominee .
Other Bush states in play that McCain must protect include Florida , North Carolina , Montana , and even Georgia .
Ponder this :
In 2004 the economy was strong , the Iraq war still marginally popular , Bush 's favorability was near 50 % , and voters were generally content .
In 2008 the economy is in shambles , the war despised by most Americans , Bush has the highest negatives of any president since polling began , and the public , by an 80 - 20 margin , believes the country is on the wrong track .
Yes , there will be a blowout in November .
But it wo n't be McCain's .
Bob Beckel managed Walter Mondale ’s 1984 presidential campaign .
He is a senior political analyst for the Fox News Channel and a columnist for USA Today .
Beckel is the co-author with Cal Thomas of the book " Common Ground . "
The Varying Impact of Gas Prices
Gas prices are high throughout the country , but how hard they hit individual families depends on income levels , which vary widely .
Remember that time when we told you about Shredz64 and we were all excited and stuff ?
Well , friend , sometimes dreams do come true , and Toni ended up completing his Shredz 64 project in style .
In case you need a refresher , Shredz64 is all about bringing a Guitar Hero - style experience to the Commodore 64 -- which , in addition to holding much sentimental value , is quite the musical device in its own right .
He has a custom - built " PSX64 " interface for plugging his PS2 Guitar Hero guitar into the C64 , which he 's having produced for sale alongside a 5 1/4 - inch floppy disk of Shredz64 , but the real magic is the software itself .
The C64 - synthesized songs sound great , and interface is like Guitar Hero or Rock Band without all the annoying fluff .
Check out the videos after the break for everything in action .
Leading - Edge Java
JetBrains ' Dmitry Jemerov on IntelliJ 8 , Flex , and Scala
An Interview from JavaOne 2008
by Frank Sommers
June 2 , 2008
Advertisement
Summary Dmitry Jemerov is a lead developer on JetBrains ' IntelliJ IDEA .
In this wide - ranging interview with Artima , Jemerov discusses the main focus areas for the upcoming IntelliJ 8 release , as well as his views on IntelliJ 's support for Flex and Scala .
Dmitry Jemerov is a lead developer on JetBrains ' IntelliJ IDEA .
In this wide - ranging interview with Artima , Jemerov discusses the main focus areas for the upcoming IntelliJ 8 release , as well as his views on IntelliJ 's support for Flex and Scala .
JetBrains ' IntelliJ IDEA has been among the most popular Java IDEs .
In recent years , IntelliJ added support for languages other than Java , and its Ruby and Groovy editing capabilities are considered among the best by many developers .
More recently , Flex support was also added to the IDE .
In this interview with Artima , IntelliJ lead developer Dmitry Jemerov explains key focus areas for the upcoming IntelliJ 8 release , including differences between developers relying on the Java and .NET ecosystems , on the one hand , and those using languages and tools outside of Java and .NET , on the other .
In addition , Jemerov talks about key features of IntelliJ 's recent Flex support .
Finally , Jemerov discusses his views on Scala .
On the multi-language focus for IntelliJ 8 , Jemerov noted the following :
Polyglot programming is not a new thing : every Web project is a multi-language project .
When we introduced support for JSPs many years ago , no one called that polyglot programming , but that 's what it was .
Later , when the polyglot programming theme first became popular , people started to use other languages not simply around Java , such as for Web sites , but rather replacing parts of Java code with code written in another language , such as Groovy .
We support quite well the languages that live in the Java ecosystem .
Our Groovy support , for example , is among the best .
We are working on supporting Scala now , although it 's a difficult language to support well in an IDE , and we 're in the early stages of the Scala plug - in .
The Eclipse and Netbeans folks are all working on Scala support , and I think ours is going to be very good .
In addition to writing parts of a Java application in another language , we can observe that some people have jumped off the Java ecosystem altogether .
For example , they switch to Ruby and want to have nothing to do with Java .
They have their fancy Rails stuff , Rails servers , such as Mongrel .
There 's no Java around that , and they want to have nothing to do with Java at all .
Although we support languages that can live outside the JVM as well , our strength in dynamic language support is how well we can help you integrate those languages in your Java projects .
For example , we have a very advanced Ruby plug - in , and its key advantage is Java integration .
Our JRuby support , integrating between Java and Ruby , is superior to what other IDEs have to offer at the moment .
But that does n't help people who do not use Java , and do not want to use Java .
When we released IntelliJ IDEA 7 , we did n't have much to offer to people not wanting to use the Java ecosystem .
We have a single , big , Java IDE , and it was not very attractive to developers outside the Java universe .
With our forthcoming IntelliJ 8 release , we want to be able to offer something better to those developers , because that 's a big and growing market , and there 's a lot of innovation in that space .
What we 've done in the past four or five months is a very massive refactoring of the IntelliJ IDEA codebase , to separate support for Java from the core platform .
We have extracted functionality needed to support an IDE for some language : parsing , refactoring , code manipulation , and so on .
With that in place , we can start building products for other languages based on that platform .
Because not all those products will include all the functionality of IntelliJ IDEA , they can be much less expensive , and we can choose the price based on the target market .
And developers do n't get the stuff they do n't care about .
The new products can be much slimmer , lighter , and easier to get started with .
There are many differences between a typical Java project and a project that lives outside the Java ecosystem .
With Java , in order to start doing something , you need to configure a project :
Set up things like the JDK , the sources , the libraries you use .
You typically spend five or ten minutes configuring those things .
In a Rails project , for example , you do n't need to configure anything .
There is a standard place where everything lives .
We want people to be able to start working with those types of projects with no configuration : Just point to your Rails project , and off you go .
Another major missing piece in our offering was a debugger .
Of course , we have a debugger for Java , which we 've had since the inception of the product .
But for different languages that do not run on the JVM , we did not have any debugging support .
That was a major shortcoming , because people want to debug stuff in their IDE , that 's one of the main reasons for using an IDE .
There some people who hold the opinion that you should not be using a debugger : Instead of debugging you should write unit tests that cover every method individually so if something breaks , you do n't need to debug , but get a failing test instead .
It 's arguable whether that 's the most productive approach .
It may be faster to use a debugger once in a while than [ to ] spend the time to write all the unit tests for every single method .
We now have a framework we can use to build debuggers for any runtime system .
The actual way we do that for each language is not something we came up with originally :
For both Ruby and Python , there are standard solutions in this space , such as protocols for talking between an IDE and a debugee .
For Ruby , there 's a project called ruby - debug , and there 's something similar for Python as well .
We plan to implement all those standard protocols , call stacks , break - points , watches , and so on .
We also abstracted away a common UI framework for building debuggers .
In the early - access release for IntelliJ IDEA 8 , you can find a debugger for Flex , and one for JavaScript .
Both of them are in an early phase .
With this , we now have all the pieces to build a complete and attractive product for the non-Java developer market , which is what we 're going to focus on a lot in the coming half to one year .
Besides using different languages and runtimes , there are other differences between Java developers , or .NET developers , for that matter , and those not using either of those ecosystems .
There are different ways of doing things in the non-Java world .
The Java and .NET ecosystems are about big vendors , about middleware , application servers , code generation — here 's my WSDL file , please generate a Web service call or a Web service client .
With Python or Ruby , for instance , there no so such big tools .
For many tasks , people [ in these communities ] simply do n't need big tools .
If you have a dynamic language , you do n't need a stub for calling a Web service :
You just start calling its methods .
Because the language is dynamic , it automatically builds the necessary Web service calls , sends messages to the Web service , and gives you the results .
There are also parts of the missing pieces in our current offering that people may not be asking about yet , because they do n't have those tools at all .
I 'm speaking of profiling tools .
This part of the tools ecosystem is going to grow .
If you have a Web application written in any language , you need tools to investigate its performance .
With Java and .NET , there are many solutions for solving that problem .
For Ruby , there are some tools , but they are not established , and do n't provide the kind of features their Java and .NET counterparts do .
On Flex support in IntelliJ :
For Flex support , we are focusing on our traditional strengths , mainly code editing .
ActionScript is quite a complicated language .
Because it has typing information , however , we can do a lot of things based on those types , such as smart code completion , all sorts of code navigation , code analysis , and refactoring , of course .
That is also the area we feel [ Adobe 's ]
FlexBuilder falls short :
It has only very basic refactoring support , and a not very sophisticated code completion support .
That 's the area we 're focusing at now .
We also will be putting our debugger infrastructure to full use for Flex , too .
And we 're planning to also have good integration with the Flex compiler .
We do n't yet have that in place , though :
If you 're using IntelliJ to develop Flex applications now , you have to use an Ant task to build the Flex application .
We will soon integrate with the compiler to alleviate that burden .
The open - sourcing the Flex framework has considerably helped in that regard .
We are not going to build a visual designer for Flex , however , at least in the coming year .
Supporting that would require a lot of infrastructure for the entire stack of Flex and Flash technology , and building that would not be a good use of our resources .
There are many developers who do n't like visual designers anyway , and for them IntelliJ IDEA is a good solution .
Some developers already use the two IDEs in parallel : IntelliJ provides better code editing features , whereas FlexBuilder provides a visual designer .
On supporting Scala in IntelliJ :
There 's a bit of a problem supporting Scala in IDEs in general .
Scala is a very complex language .
It has been designed in academic circles , and by people doing research in programming languages .
Many people seem to think that Scala is the next big language to replace Java , but I personally do n't think so .
Honestly , I do n't know any language today that would become the next big thing .
Groovy is interesting , but it 's a dynamic language and has all the problems of dynamic languages .
It 's OK for small pieces of code .
But building something the size of IntelliJ IDEA [ in a dynamic language ] would be a complete nightmare .
A dynamic language works great when you have a clearly - defined structure of an application , where you know where everything lives , where everything is , and what everything is around you .
For example , with a Rails application , you have a very strict structure :
You have controllers and views and models , and so on .
It 's all very uniform .
You can easily jump into any place of the application and understand what 's around you :
Here comes the model , and here 's the data from the Web request , and so on .
That 's easy to figure out .
With a product like IntelliJ , there is no such uniform structure .
It 's very big and very diverse .
In my day job , I have to make changes in many places of the code .
Static types are the only thing that lets me jump into any place in the code base and understand what everything is around me .
I need to know what things are , what I can do with various things around the code that I need to change .
With static types , I see that immediately .
With a dynamically - typed language , I would need to spend half an hour investigating what goes where and what is what before being able to make a single change .
A statically - typed language is very much needed , but I can't tell what other language will fill the space Java currently occupies .
Many people may not like Java for many reasons , and some of those people feel that Scala is going to replace Java in the niche of a statically - typed language .
I do n't believe that , however : Scala is very complicated , it 's tricky , and has a lot of surprises and edge - cases .
I would say that Scala is at least as complicated as C++ , and with C++ you need a hundred - page style guide before you even start writing C++ code , otherwise you 'll end up writing C++ code that nobody will understanding .
With Scala , there are different aspects of that complexity , but the language is still very complicated .
Also , Scala does n't have a specification in the sense that Java has .
With Scala , you need to study how the language actually works , and it's a lot harder to have a fixed set of test cases you can use to test your IDE integration with .
As well , the language keeps changing , which is also a problem for the IDE developers , because they need to track the evolution of the language .
That said , Scala support is probably the most asked - for thing from us at the moment .
But I do n't think people ask for it because they use Scala today .
People ask us to support Scala because they think that that is what they 're going to use in the future , and expect that they 'll need it .
Whether they 'll actually be able to use that feature [ Scala support ] , I 'm not sure about .
What do you think about the directions for IntelliJ 8 , and about Jemerov 's comments concerning Scala ?
Resources
IntelliJ IDEA :
http://www.intellij.com
Dmitry Jemerov 's blog :
http://blogs.jetbrains.com/yole/
About the authors
Frank Sommers is Editor - in - Chief of Artima Developer .
He also serves as chief editor of the IEEE Technical Committee on Scalable Computing 's newsletter , and is an elected member of the Jini Community 's Technical Advisory Committee .
Prior to joining Artima , Frank wrote the Jiniology and Web services columns for JavaWorld .
Something they 've been planning for a long time .
Take a look at this latest release :
The following is being issued by the Republican National Committee :
Sen . Clinton : " And I disagree with his continuing to say that he would meet with some of the worst dictators in the world without preconditions and without the real , you know , understanding of what we would get from it . "
( Sen. Clinton , NBC Democrat Presidential Debate , Cleveland , OH , 2/26/08 )
The RNC also unveiled a web video featuring a greatest hits compilation of " Democrats v. Barack Obama . "
The RNC wants to do everything it can to exacerbate the disunity within the Democratic Party and to get reporters to start speaking of Democratic disunity as if it were a fact , rather than a supposition .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
People with cancer , especially the more intractable varieties , are often desperate .
And where there are desperate patients , fraudsters will follow .
The Food and Drug Administration yesterday warned 25 companies and individuals , which collectively market 125 products , to stop advertising them as cancer " cures , " since there 's no evidence that they can cure , prevent , or treat the disease .
The products are n't necessarily new .
For example , hucksters have been peddling shark cartilage and coral calcium as cure - alls for years .
( The Federal Trade Commission nailed Kevin Trudeau in 2004 for promoting coral calcium and banned him from infomercials ; he shifted his marketing efforts to books . )
But the Internet makes it easy to market and distribute this stuff .
And the problem is n't likely to go away .
There 's no guarantee that a company wo n't just close down and set up business under another name .
So despite government efforts , the burden will largely rest on consumers .
How can you tell when a claim is fraudulent ?
The FDA offers this list of warning signs :
New Synchronisation Idea Overlooked By Microsoft Live team
June 11 , 2008
Microsoft 's
Live team have lots of different offerings that let you synchronize your information from one place to another .
They 've got Live Mesh , for sharing ' your digital world ' here there and everywhere .
They 've got Sky Drive , which lets you share files with yourself , your friends , anyone .
There 's folder share , the start up company they bought out which does more or less the same thing .
There 's something called office live workspace which lets you sync and collaborate and something else .
There 's synctoy , which uses Sync Services for File Systems .
It 's a kind of Robocopy on downers , with a UI .
And then there 's the grand daddy of all of these -- Ray Ozzie 's offering , Groove .
Holy Fracking Jesus , Microsoft !
There 's clearly one Synchronisation concept that escaped them completely .
They could 've gotten together as a team , shared their ideas , and realized : Oh Crap !
We 're all building different versions of the same thing .
Instead of creating a tangle of overlapping and unmergeable products , why did n't they synchronise their thinking and work out what problem they 're trying to solve .
And then build one compelling product , that 's a joy to use , and which clearly solves that problem .
Not to mention sharepoint which let 's you , well , share .
Up to a point .
And , microsoft / ford sync for talking to your cars .
Or Microsoft Sync Framework .
Or , Live Labs Listas which helps you share lists .
Or , ActiveSync , which well , sows frustration and despair on mobile devices everywhere .
My book " Choose Your First Product " is available now .
It gives you 4 easy steps to find and validate a humble product idea .
Learn more .
There is another way , and that is to separate identity and state ( once again , indirection saves the day in programming ) .
We need to move away from a notion of state as " the content of this memory block " to one of " the value currently associated with this identity " .
Thus an identity can be in different states at different times , but the state itself does n’t change .
That is , an identity is not a state , an identity has a state .
Exactly one state at any point in time .
And that state is a true value , i.e. it never changes .
If an identity appears to change , it is because it becomes associated with different state values over time .
This is the Clojure model .
In Clojure ’s model , value calculation is purely functional .
Values never change .
New values are functions of old , not mutations .
But logical identity is well supported , via atomic references to values ( Refs and Agents ) .
Changes to references are controlled / coordinated by the system - i.e. cooperation is not optional and not manual .
The world moves forward due to the cooperative efforts of its participants and the programming language / system , Clojure , is in charge of world consistency management .
The value of a reference ( state of an identity ) is always observable without coordination , and freely shareable between threads .
It is worth constructing programs this way even when there is only one participant ( thread ) .
Programs are easier to understand / test when functional value calculation is independent of identity / value association .
And it ’s easy to add other participants when they are ( inevitably ) needed .
Concurrency
Dealing with concurrency means giving up the illusion of omnipotence .
A program must recognize there will be other participants , and the world will keep changing .
So a program must understand that if it observes the values of the states of some identities , the best it can get is a snapshot , as they can subsequently acquire new states .
But often that is good enough for decision making or reporting purposes .
We humans do quite well with the snapshots provided by our sensory systems .
The nice thing is any such state value wo n’t change in hand during the processing , as it is immutable .
On the other hand , changing state to a new value requires access to the ' current ' value and the identity .
Clojure ’s Refs and Agents handle this automatically .
In the case of Refs , any interaction you do must occur within a transaction ( else Clojure will throw an exception ) , all such interaction will see a consistent view of the world as of a point in time , and no changes will proceed unless the states to be changed have n’t been changed by other participants in the meantime .
Transactions support synchronous change to multiple Refs .
Agents , OTOH , offer asynchronous change to a single reference .
You pass a function and values , and , at some point in the future , that function will be passed the current state of the Agent and the return value of the function will become the Agent ’s new state .
Nick Lachey & Matt Leinart Party with Underage Girls ( Photos )
, Arizona Cardinals quarterback and Heisman Trophy winner has fallen out of good graces with his head coach .
The 24 year old athlete reportedly hosted a party over the weekend at his home in Chandler , AZ .
The invited guests were ASU college girls , ranging in age from 19 - 20 .
The legal age for drinking alcoholic beverages in the Grand Canyon State is 21 .
Also in attendance at the party was actor Nick Lachey .
No word on where Vanessa Minnillo might have been at the time or her reaction to the photos that have hit the internet .
Leinart reportedly called his coach on Monday morning and the two had a serious conversation about the requirements for remaining a QB in good standing with the Arizona Cardinals organization .
Leinart was out for most of last season with a broken collarbone .
Backup QB Kurt Warner led the team to a mediocre 8 - 8 season .
No word on whether law enforcement will press charges against Leinart for providing alcohol to minors .
We 've got the photos after the jump .
Having worked around financial crimes for a number of years , I noticed they seemed to be on the rise .
One reason for this is technology , which grows more rapidly than laws designed to protect us from it .
Although the blog is a resource to educate people on identity theft , it also strives to educate the common person on the rapidly growing problem of crimes enabled ( made too easy ) by technology and the Internet .
We sure do learn from our mistakes , but what we learn is how to make more mistakes , new research shows .
This seemingly counterintuitive idea comes from a study of a phenomenon called tip of the tongue ( TOT ) , detailed in the most recent issue of the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology .
A tip - of - the - tongue state occurs when your brain has accessed the correct word , but for some reason can't retrieve the sound information for it .
While the word - glitch can happen regardless of your vocabulary aptitude , researchers have found TOT happens more for bilinguals ( they have more words to sift through ) , older people and individuals with brain damage .
" This can be incredibly frustrating — you know you know the word , but you just can't quite get it , " said researcher Karin Humphreys of McMaster University in Ontario .
" And once you have it , it is such a relief that you can't imagine ever forgetting it again .
But then you do . "
The reason , she suggests , is that the time spent not remembering causes our brains to reinforce that " mistake pathway . "
" We know this is how the brain works — it reinforces whatever it does .
So [ the study results ] completely make sense , " Humphreys told LiveScience .
" But at the same time , it 's so counterintuitive to how we feel we should learn from all our mistakes . "
It 's on the tip of my tongue …
With funding from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada ( NSERC ) , Humphreys and McMaster University colleague Amy Beth Warriner tested word - retrieval in 30 undergraduate students .
The students were offered a series of definitions and had to indicate whether they knew the answer , did n't know it , or if the answer was at the tip of his or her tongue .
If a student answered TOT , he or she spent either 10 seconds or 30 seconds trying to come up with the word before getting the answer .
Two days later , students completed the same word - retrieval test with the same definitions .
Students tended to report TOT for the same words that twisted their tongues in the first test .
Those who were given 30 - second stints to retrieve the words in past tests were even more likely to get stuck again .
Mistake begets mistake
The period in which people continue to rack their brains for the answer could be referred to as " error learning , " Humphreys said .
" You 'll keep on digging yourself the wrong pathway , you either have 10 seconds worth of that extra bad learning or you have 30 seconds worth of that extra bad learning . "
In a follow - up study , the researchers found the best way to tackle mistake - learning is to repeat the word ( out loud or in your head ) once you find the correct answer .
And instead of trying to recall the elusive word , stop and ask a colleague or look it up on the Web .
The findings should apply to other situations , including music and sports .
" Music teachers know this principle ; they tell you to practice slowly , " Humphreys said .
" If you practice fast , you 'll just practice your mistakes . "
The absolute gravest threat is the struggle that we 're in against radical Islamic extremism which can affect - if they prevail - our very existence .
Having said that , I would say that at this moment it 's probably our dependence on foreign oil , affecting our climate and hurting fixed - income Americans the most .
If we do n't get a handle on our energy policy , it is possible that the kinds of trends we 've seen over the last year will just continue .
Demand is clearly outstripping supply .
It 's not a problem we can drill our way out of .
It can be a drag on our economy for a very long time unless we take steps to innovate and invest in alternative fuels .
The market can accomplish a lot of that , but it 's very important for the federal government to have a role .
It ’s been fascinating to watch the outpouring of interest and creativity that ’s surrounded the recent release of Processing .js .
First things first , the project has been moved over to Github .
This will help with the collaboration / patching process going forward .
A number of patches have already been provided by active users and have been merged into the main code base ( which can be found in the project history ) .
Some of the changes that were made :
Virtually all of the demos now work in Webkit ( save for the text rendering ones ) in addition to Firefox 3 .
Chris Davenport provided support for QUADS , QUAD_STRIP , TRIANGLE_FAN , and TRIANGLE_STRIP implementations in beginShape / vertex .
Also endShape( CLOSE ) support was added .
Renato Formato provided a patch for handling curveVertex and curveTightness correctly .
A patch from Felipe Gomes includes the addition of the LEFT / CENTER / RIGHT and mouseButton globals .
The contextmenu is now prevented , as well , from right clicks .
Additionally , a new init.js file was created ( which is more robust than what was initially provided ) .
I ’ve pulled together a quick round - up of the different , interesting , posts , demos , and projects that I ’ve found , relating to Processing .js .
Getting Started
Will Larson has written a series of articles that detail how to best get started playing with Processing .js :
Additionally , the basic demos have been broken down and included in an interactive wiki .
Demos
A number of new demos have been created , at this point .
Here ’s a couple that I thought were pretty interesting .
IDEs
There ’s been some significant effort towards creating an interactive development environment for Processing .js .
Press / Blogs
There was a bunch of feedback concerning the project release – overwhelmingly positive , as well .
Some of my favorite responses thus far :
Wired : “ We cover a lot of language and software developments here at Compiler , but this might be the most impressive thing we ’ve ever seen . ”
Chris Blizzard : “ Easy to drop in graphical interactive elements into other sites with the same transparency and zero - barrier to learning weâ€™ve seen from the rest of the web .
Think about how fast that stuff might spread on the web , how we might end up with people sharing and learning together and how much better the experience on the web might be in the end .
That iterative process is one that needs starting points and what John has done is give us a great starting point . ”
Andy Baio : “ one of the most amazing hacks I ’ve ever seen … could Processing .js be the beginning of the end for the closed - source culture of rich media tech ? ”
Also : Scott Hanselman , Kottke , Simon Willison , Peter Kirn , and Ajaxian .
It also made a bunch of social sites ( with some interesting discussion taking place ) : Slashdot , Digg , Y Combinator News , Del.icio.us ( 2 ) , and Reddit .
Newstalk 550 KFYI
June 26 , 2008
The suspects may have been hired by drug cartels to perform home invasions and assassinations in the U.S .
Police reports show that three men arrested in a Phoenix home invasion and homicide Monday may have been active members of the Mexican Army .
While on the J.D. Hayworth show , Phoenix Law Enforcement Association President Mark Spencer said that the men involved were hired by drug cartels to perform home invasions and assassinations .
The Monday morning incident at 8329 W. Cypress St. resulted in the death of the homeowner .
Between 50 and 100 rounds were fired at the house .
Spencer said a police officer told him that one of the men captured said they were completely prepared to ambush Phoenix police , but ran out of ammunition .
He added that all were all dressed in military tactical gear and were armed with AR - 15 assault rifles .
Three other men involved in the invasion escaped .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Got this far and realized we 've had no hot flashes this weekend .
So here 's a super - slimmed down Super Mario Kart , done in 11 KB of pure javascript goodness .
Pick from Mario , Luigi or Peach and then race on two different maps .
It even has a soundtrack .
Advertisement
You 'll be beaten off the line easily every time , but if you race the second map and take advantage of the turns , you can get into first pretty quickly .
There 's no timer or lap count and your opponents seem to float in the air until you overtake them .
Still , I killed a few minutes with this while going off on a reverie , wondering if I 'll be 55 and playing a slimmed down javascript Assassin 's Creed or something .
Advertisement
Javascript Super Mario Kart [ nihilogic ]
Obviously he ’s a Marxist .
Speaking on CNBC this morning , the real estate magnate said taking punitive measures against companies reaping big profits in a capitalist society is against his nature , but the energy situation is unique .
“ I consider myself to be a great capitalist , but I think the oil companies have been ripping off this country and the world for a long time , ” Trump said .
“ I can see doing something against the oil companies .
They ’re making numbers–nobody ’s ever seen numbers like this .
They and OPEC and lots of people together are having a lot of fun . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has narrowly won a House of Commons vote on extending the maximum time police can hold terror suspects to 42 days .
Thirty - six Labour MPs joined forces with Conservatives and Lib Dems to vote against the proposals .
But that was not enough to defeat them - although the government still faces a battle in the House of Lords .
The 42 - day proposal was passed by 315 MPs to 306 - with votes by the nine DUP MPs proving crucial .
Six SNP MPs also voted against the proposal , as did three Plaid Cymru MPs and three from the Northern Ireland - based SDLP .
But there was uproar in the Commons as the result of the key vote on 42 days was announced after five hours of tense debate - with Tory and Lib Dem MPs shouting " You 've been bought " at the DUP benches .
They claim the DUP was offered a string of inducements - including extra financial help for Northern Ireland - to guarantee its support .
HOW THEY VOTED Lib Dem and Tories voted against the government 36 Labour MPs voted against the government Seven ex-ministers defied the Labour whip : Frank Dobson , Mark Fisher , Kate Hoey , Glenda Jackson , Peter Kilfoyle , Michael Meacher , and Chris Mullin All nine Democratic Unionist MPs backed the government .
They were : Gregory Campbell , Nigel Dodds , Jeffrey Donaldson , The Rev William McCrea , The Rev Ian Paisley , Iris Robinson , Peter Robinson , David Simpson , Sammy Wilson The only Tory MP to back the government was former Home Office minister Ann Widdecombe
Full list of rebels Labour rebels claimed the DUP had obtained guarantees that the government would block efforts to use the Human Embryology and Fertility Bill , currently going through Parliament , to loosen abortion rules in Northern Ireland .
They are also said to have cut a deal to keep revenue from water rates , which Westminster had been set to claw back .
But the DUP denies it was promised any financial support and insists it voted out of principle .
DUP MP Rev William McCrea said : " The issue was on national security . "
Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward told the BBC : " There was no deal .
There is no deal .
They decided on principle .
They made up their own minds . "
For the Conservatives , shadow home secretary David Davis the government had lost the argument " hands down " but had " bought the vote " .
And he vowed to fight it in the Lords - predicting the 42 - day proposal would never become law .
" It has no authority , it has no legitimacy and it will be thrown out , " he added .
Lib Dem home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said the manner of Labour 's victory had been " astonishing " - and for them to rely on the DUP to get such a crucial vote through the Commons would " have been laughed out of court a few weeks ago " .
The sole Ulster Unionist MP , Lady Hermon , voted with the government .
' National security ' Home Office minister Tony McNulty acknowledged the government still faced a battle to get 42 - day detention on to the statute books .
Any attempt to present this as some sort of victory for the government will ring absolutely hollow
John McDonnell
Rebel Labour MP
Detention comparison row Analysis :
Has it all been worth it ?
Send us your comments " I accept fully that I continue to have a real job with some 30 or so of my colleagues to show that this is the way to go , that this is proportionate and accords with civil liberties and democracy .
" I do n't profess it [ the 42 - days proposal ] to be in a perfect state yet . "
He added that he wanted to talk to Labour colleagues and opposition MPs to see " how this reserve power can be put through both houses in a consensual fashion . "
Keith Vaz , Labour chairman of the Home Affairs Committee , defended Home Secretary Jacqui Smith for offering concessions to MPs in an attempt to win them over .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" That is the nature of government .
How dreadful it would be that the government should decide on a particular course of action and then not consult with anyone else , " he said .
Tony Lloyd , chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party , said the result leaves the government " very much in tune with what the nation wants " and accuses other parties of acting " opportunistically " .
And Lord Carlile , the government 's independent reviewer of anti-terror legislation , said he was " satisfied that Parliament has done the right thing " .
But one of the Labour rebels , John McDonnell , said : " Any attempt to present this as some sort of victory for the government will ring absolutely hollow .
" There will be widespread consternation among our supporters in the country seeing a Labour government prepared to use every tactic available in its determination to crush essential civil liberties , which have been won by the labour movement over generations . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This is meant to be a help , and a tool .
Do n't forget to visit the archives .
Choose the letter that fits your unsaved loved one the best .
Use it as it is , or modify it to your ability .
This Blog is intended for the customers of the after Rapture email storage and send system - Some of these postings are written in the past tense .
The events may not have occured yet .
They are intended to be sent out in emails after the Rapture of the Christian Church has occurred .
O'Reilly gets angry while interviewing Scott McClellan
' O' Reilly Factor ' host Bill O'Reilly became visibly upset as he questioned Scott McClellan about Iraq war propaganda and the CIA leak case .
McClellan , the former Bush White House press secretary whose recently released book has caused a sensation with its scathing criticisms of the administration he once worked for , appeared on the show to promote his memoirs .
O'Reilly was particularly incensed with McClellan 's critique of President Bush 's reasons for invading Iraq , overtly to find weapons of mass destruction .
" If the director of the CIA believes it , British intelligence believes it , John Kerry believes it , Hillary Clinton believes it , and President Clinton believes it ... " said O'Reilly , " If they all believe Saddam Hussein has weapons of mass destruction , sir : do n't you have a nerve accusing me of not being vigilant enough ? "
O'Reilly later thundered , " If two presidents of the United States ( sitting ) , the former CIA guy who works for both presidents , Tony Blair , and The New York Times all tell me and you [ Saddam has ] got [ WMDs ] , we can't say ' no , he does n't ! '
McClellan attempted to explain himself continuously through the interview , but O'Reilly could not be satisfied .
" The central theme of your book is wrong , " accused O'Reilly .
This video is from Fox 's O'Reilly Factor , broadcast June 2 , 2008 .
Download video
Hillary Clinton ’s concession speech Saturday was the story of the weekend .
But the dueling speeches by John McCain and Barack Obama on Tuesday night , after the last primaries , are what voters  and campaign operatives  should be revisiting .
McCain chose to speak early in the evening , before the polls closed in South Dakota and Montana , thereby getting the jump on Obama .
He read a disjointed set of remarks at a badly staged rally at the Pontchartrain Center in Kenner , La .
Here ’s part of an e-mail message I received as McCain spoke , from a Republican who admires him :
“ They could have done so well tonight , shown a tone of confidence .
Instead it looks like a bad Congressional race : dumb green puke background , small crowd ...
Makes me want to cry . ”
Soon after Republicans finished shedding tears of frustration , Democrats were weeping tears of joy .
Obama spoke about an hour later in a packed sports arena in St. Paul , Minn .
His speech was well written and well delivered .
He closed with quite a peroration , promising among other things that “ generations from now , we will be able to look back and tell our children that this was the moment when we began to provide care for the sick and good jobs for the jobless ; this was the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal . ”
It was lofty oratory , exciting and even moving .
Only later , in the light of day , might one pause to wonder : Would Obama ’s election really mark the moment when Americans began to care for the sick ?
And while Obama would surely seek legislation regulating greenhouse gases , is n’t it a little much to promise that his election would not only slow the rise of the oceans but cause the planet to begin “ to heal ” ?
HALF A CENTURY OF
THE GERMAN MOON BASE
The Germans landed on the Moon as early as probably 1942 , utilizing their larger exoatmospheric rocket saucers of the Miethe and Schriever type .
The Miethe rocket craft was built in diameters if 15 and 50 meters , and the Schriever Walter turbine powered craft was designed as an interplanetary exploration vehicle .
It had a diameter of 60 meters , had 10 stories of crew compartments , and stood 45 meters high .
Welcome to Alice in Saucerland .
In my extensive research of dissident American theories about the physical conditions on the Moon I have proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that there is atmosphere , water and vegetation on the Moon , and that man does not need a space suit to walk on the Moon .
A pair of jeans , a pullover and sneakers are just about enough .
Everything NASA has told the world about the Mood is a lie and it was done to keep the exclusivity of the club from joinings by the third world countries .
All these physical conditions make it a lot more easier to build a Moon base .
Ever since their first day of landing on the Moon , the Germans started boring - and tunneling under the surface , and by the end of the war there was a small Nazi research base on the Moon .
The free energy tachyon drive craft of the Haunibu - 1 and 2 type were used after 1944 to haul people , " materiel and the first robots to the construction site on the Moon .
When Russians and Americans secretly landed jointly on the Moon in the early fifties with their own saucers , they spent their first night there as guests of the .... Nazi underground base .
In the sixties a massive Russian - American base had been built on the Moon , that now has a population of 40,000 people , as the rumor goes .
After the end of the war in May 1945 , the Germans continued their space effort from their south polar colony of Neu Schwabenland .
I have discovered a photograph of their underground space control center there .
GERMAN - JAPANESE MILITARY R&D COOPERATION :
A Japanese friend of mine in Los Angeles related to me the story of his friend 's father , who worked as technician in an aircraft research bureau in Japan during the war .
In July of 1945 , two and a half months after the war ended in Germany , a huge German transport submarine brought to Japan the latest of German inventions - two spherical wingless flying devices .
The Japanese R&D team put the machines together , following the German instructions , and ... there was something very bizarre and other - earthy standing in front of them - a ball shaped flying device without wings or propellers , that nobody knew how it flied .
The fuel was added , the start button of this unmanned machine was pressed * and it .... disappeared with a roar and flames without a in the sky .
The team never saw it again .
The engineers were so frightened by the unexpected might of the machine , that they promptly dynamited the second prototype and choose to forget the whole incident .
GERMAN - JAPANESE FLIGHT TO THE MOON AND MARS IN 1945 - 46 :
A volunteer suicide crew of Germans and Japanese was chosen , because everybody knew that this journey was a one - way journey with no retum .
The large intensity of the electro - magnetogravitic fields and the inferior quality of the metal alloys used then for the structural elements of the drive , was causing the metal to fatigue and get very brittle only after a few months of work of the drive .
The flight to Mars departed from Germany one month before the war ended - in April 1945 .
It was probably a large crew , numbering in the hundreds , because of the low level of automation and electronic controls inside the saucer .
Most of the systems of the craft had to be operated like these on a U - boat of that time - manually .
Because the structurally weakened tachyon drives were not working with full power and not all the time , the trip to Mars took almost 8 months to accomplish .
An initial short trust towards Mars was probably used the strong gravitational field close to Earth , after that the craft was " coasting " for 8 months in an elliptical orbit to Mars with its main drives turned off .
Later trips to Mars by the joint Soviet - American craft in 1952 and by the Vatican craft of the Marconi project from Argentina in 1956 reached Mars in only 2 - 3 days , because their drives were working during the whole flight : accelerating in the first half and decelerating in the second .
Smaller Kohler converters were probably used to power the systems and life support equipment on board .
I do not have any information at the present time about any artificial gravity capability on board the craft , but that could have been easily done with the large antigravity drives of the ship .
After a heavy , almost crashing landing , the saucer slammed to a stop , damaging irreparably its drives , but saving the crew .
That happened in the middle of January 1946 .
The crash landing on Mars was not only due to the crippled tachyon drives of the craft - it was also due to the smaller gravitational fleld of Mars generating less power for the tachyon drives ; and also due to the thinner atmosphere on Mars , that could not be used as effectively for air breaking as the Earth 's atmosphere could .
The craft was shaped as a giant saucer - a form that is very efficient as an air brake , when it is entered into the atmosphere with its luge cross section perpendicular to the trajectory of descent .
One question , that I have not answered yet in the affirmative is how were the Germans able to regenerate the air inside the craft for 8 months for this big crew .
Quite probably they were using advanced life support systems , developed initially for their larger Walter turbine and free energy submarines , that were cruising the oceans without resurfacing .
The radio message with the mixed news was received by the German underground space control center in Neu Schwabenland and by their research base on the Moon .
Remember how we all swooned over Diamond 's ATI Radeon HD 2900 XT in June of last year ?
At the time , that was pretty much your only shot at seeing 1GB of memory on a single graphics card .
Fast forward to now , and we 've got what 's widely believe to be this planet 's very first 2 GB card .
The PowerColor PCS HD4850 , which is based on the RV770 core , comes with 800 stream processors and two whole gigabytes of GDDR3 memory .
And just think , next summer you 'll be sticking your nose up to find GPUs emerging with " only " this much memory .
So fickle , we are .
[ Via PCLaunches
press release from met police 16/0608 Bush visit officers praised Following the visit of United States President George Bush to London , the senior officer in charge of the operation has praised the efforts of the officers involved in dealing with attempts to breach security cordons which saw missiles thrown at police resulting in a number of officers being injured .
Deputy Assistant Commissioner Chris Allison , MPS Central Operations said :
" We are seriously disappointed by the irresponsible and criminal action of those who have challenged police , physically ripping apart security barriers with the sole aim of breaching security in Whitehall .
"
The acts that we witnessed yesterday were deplorable and cannot be described as lawful demonstration .
" This visit demanded the very highest of security .
It was a team effort from across the Met .
Officers diligence undoubtedly significantly contributed to making the President of the United States ' farewell visit to London pass off smoothly .
" I would particularly like to commend the efforts of those officers who maintained the cordons in Parliament Square during the Stop the War Coalition demonstration .
" What started as a peaceful protest turned as hundreds of demonstrators made concerted efforts to breach police lines and security measures .
I could not have asked for a better response as those officers held their line in the face of sustained and unprovoked attack .
Facing missiles and extreme provocation your response was measured and professional .
" Thanks to everyone involved in this operation for a job well done .
" 25 people were arrested for a variety of offences including assaulting police and at least ten officers suffered minor injuries during disorder .
A 21 - year - old man and a 26 - year - old man were arrested and have subsequently been charged with obstructing police and a 60 - year - old woman was arrested and subsequently charged with indecent exposure .
Seven others have been bailed pending further investigation and three were given words of advice .
One 20 - year - old man , arrested on suspicion of a public order offence was released with no further action .
11 people remain in custody .
Bulletin 0000000890 16 June 2008
