The press conference ( or " presser " as they are known in Big London media circles ) will begin shortly .
Remind yourself of Roy Keane 's managerial ups and downs here and , if you 're a Tractor Boy , enjoy your moment of glory as the media spotlight falls on Suffolk with our special Ipswich Town page .
Good afternoon everybody .
It would n't do for me to be late when such a notorious stickler for punctuality is being unveiled .
3.49 pm : It 's probably fair to say we would n't be doing a minute - by - minute report of this press conference if it was one of Alans Pardew or Curbishley who was being appointed .
Keane is something of a marmite manager - people spread him on their toast and eat him , or leave him on the shelf in a brown jar with a yellow lid and a " Best Before June 1984 " label , gathering dust and a thin film of grime things other things like , say , sandwich toasters that tend to get left on kitchen shelves tend to get coated in - but he 's nothing if not good box office and the Football League will almost certainly be a more entertaining soap opera with him in it .
Scene - setting : A predominantly blue cardboard backdrop covered in adverts and club logos , a table with three or four empty chairs behind it , several microphones , a couple of overweight hacks - some of them mustachioed and with egg - stains on their ties - wandering in and out of shot .
You know yourself .
3.58 pm : It was rash of me to describe the furniture Keane will be sitting behind as a mere table .
It 's more of a breakfast - bar type arrangement - white with a light wooden brown trim finish .
4 pm : Ipswich Town chief executive Simon Clegg , Roy Keane and club PR man Terry Baxter take their places behind the breakfast bar .
Simon Clegg speaks : " Very pleased ... rich heritage ... blah , blah , blah ... Roy Keane . "
Roy Keane speaks : " It 's good to be back , " he says , adding that he has n't missed football in the five months that he 's been away .
He says that he 's spent time with his family , relaxing , treating himself .
He also says that he's had offers in the meantime , but does n't say from whom .
Garth Crooks speaks ... at great length : Keane references dog- walking for the first time , saying his mutts need a break .
Cue : raucous undeserved guffawing from the assembled media lickspittles .
God , they ... no , we are a craven disgrace .
Keane tells
Garth that although he 's signed a two - year contract , he hopes to get Ipswich promoted in one year .
He also intimates that he 's been told funds will be available .
What does Keane expect from his players ?
Hard work and punctuality .
Anyone who trains hard and on time will enjoyplaying for me , he says , while anyone who does n't will be out the door .
Our first email of the day : " I hope Keano factored in the high possibility of tractor delays to his commute before signing on the dotted line , " writes Jon Whiting .
Not even a football writer would laugh at that .
4.09 pm : Garth Crooks chips in with two more questions and you can see that Keane is already getting sick of him and desperately resisting the urge to roll his eyes to heaven .
Keane says he had a gut - feeling about joining the club and yes , he will be living in the area .
He says he 'll probably bring in one or two players and that it would be unfair of him to say to those at the club whose contracts are up this summer that they only have two games left to earn new ones .
4.11 pm : That 's it , short and sweet .
The press conference is over and Keane is gone to talk to the newspaper hacks now : dailies first , then Sundays , then TV reporters .
My thanks to you , Jon Whiting , for your time and your email .
In these straitened times , it would probably been a better use of Guardian resources if I 'd just given you a bell and told you what was happening .
A virus so large and strange that it 's redefined the very concept of a virus has been photographed for the first time .
It 's even weirder than expected .
The virus was originally discovered infecting amoebas in a Parisian water tower in 1992 .
It was orders of magnitude bigger than any other virus — so large , in fact , that researchers figured it was a microbe .
It took 11 years for the mimivirus to be officially defined as a virus , though the definition did n't quite fit .
In addition to its enormous size , many of its genes came from bacteria .
Some researchers called it a " missing link " that blurred the boundaries between viruses and living cells , between living and dead .
Despite all this attention the mimivirus ' physical structure remained a blur .
Like other viruses , it was made from DNA surrounded by a protein coat called a capsid , but long fibers on the capsid 's surface made it difficult to see the mimivirus ' underlying structure .
To get a clearer picture , French and American biochemists dissolved mimivirus fibers with enzymes , then used an electron microscope to take thousands of pictures that were eventually combined into a three - dimensional structure .
The results , published recently in Public Library of Science Biology , provide further evidence that mimiviruses straddle the boundary between virus and bacteria .
Whereas the DNA of other viruses are tightly wrapped , there 's a large gap between the mimivirus genome and its capsid .
In some ways , this resembles less the structure of a virus than of a living cell , in which DNA is contained in a nucleus , which in turn floats in cell - wall - enclosed cytoplasm .
" The new structural finds , along with previous genetic and morphological work , confirm that mimivirus is an odd mix of genes and parts found in viruses , bacteria and even eukaryotes , the organisms that sequester their DNA in a nucleus , " write the researchers .
What does this mean , then , for the mimivirus ' official status , which has caused some researchers to call for a redefinition of virus ?
Perhaps that 's the wrong question to ask .
Eugene Koonin , a National Center for Biotechnology Information researcher who reported last year that , in another viral first , mimiviruses can actually become infected by other viruses , was nonplused by arguments over mimivirus classification .
" They 're part of the biosphere , and that 's more than enough for me , " he said at the time .
See Also :
Citation : " Structural Studies of the Giant Mimivirus . "
By Chuan Xiao , Yurii G. Kuznetsov , Siyang Sun , Susan L. Hafenstein , Victor A. Kostyuchenko , Paul R. Chipman , Marie Suzan - Monti , Didier Raoult , Alexander McPherson , Michael G. Rossmann .
PLoS Biology , April 28 , 2009 .
* Image : PLoS Biology
*
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Hybrid police cars for the NYPD .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- New York City has a goal to reduce its overall carbon footprint .
For Manhattan , the goal is to reduce greenhouse gases 30 % by 2017 .
As part of this effort , the New York City Police Department just added 40 hybrid cars to its fleet .
The Nissan Altima Hybrids are the first NYPD alternative fuel patrol cars , but they probably wo n't be the last .
The NYPD plans to deploy at least 100 hybrids in total this year .
40 hybrid patrol cars obviously are not enough to cover all of New York City .
However , the city has analyzed the precincts that are most likely to benefit from the hybrid police cars .
These precincts include those with large areas of coverage , as well as precincts that may be smaller but sport a great deal of stop and go traffic .
The idea is to maximize the benefit of the cars by putting them in areas where the positive environmental gains -- and the economic profit -- are most evident .
The City of New York actually has 3,300 hybrids in service ( out of 26,000 ) , but they are mostly assigned to departments that do not see a lot of public safety action : parks and rec , buildings and sanitation .
The NYPD will be monitoring these patrol cars to make sure that they are safe and efficient .
Hopes are that more hybrid patrol vehicles can be added in the future , helping the NYPD save money on gas .
The cost of an Altima , at $ 25,391 , is only a little more than the Crown Victoria ( $ 24,875 ) and the Chevy Impala ( $ 23,967 ) also used .
As a result , it should be possible for the gas savings from the Altima to more than make up the difference .
Also interesting : The Nissan Altima Hybrids are actually made in the U.S.A .
The Crown Victorias and Imapalas ?
Made in Canada .
More information : Red , Green and Blue .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Stop or I 'll download
In Hollywood , bad news travels fast .
I was sitting in the stands Saturday evening at a Little League playoff game when one of my fellow coaches , who happens to work in the business , leaned over and shared the news -- “ Land of the Lost ” was a goner , getting trounced by “ The Hangover . ”
The Will Ferrell film ended up a distant third to “ The Hangover ” and “ Up , ” making $ 18.7 million in its opening weekend , an especially woeful number for a movie that cost $ 100 - million - plus to produce .
In Hollywood , a town full of gleeful Monday morning quarterbacks who love to dance on a freshly dug grave , everyone was eager to poor - mouth Universal Pictures , which has now released three straight duds since the studio had a surprise spring smash with “ Fast & Furious . ”
Much of the most embarrassing questions focus on Ferrell -- and whether his movie - star credentials should be revoked -- and Universal , whose belief in the costly special - effects comedy seems so wrongheaded that it raises concerns about the studio production team ’s decision - making acumen .
But to understand why “ Land of the Lost ” failed you also have to understand why “ The Hangover ” soared to a $ 45 - million opening .
Put simply , the movie that won the weekend succeeded because it had a great title , a strong concept and , after gaining a stranglehold on its core audience -- young guys -- it had such great buzz that it expanded into all four quadrants .
“ The Hangover ” built up such a head of steam that it even attracted a huge contingent of female moviegoers who relished the idea of seeing a guys ’ weekend in Vegas gone comically bad .
According to Warner Bros. ’ marketing chief Sue Kroll , women made up an astounding 46 % of the film ’s opening weekend audience .
Advertisement
Once she realized that the film played with women , Kroll went after them with a vengeance , cutting female - friendly TV spots that played all across the TV spectrum , including such heavily women - oriented shows as “ America ’s Next Top Model , ” “ Dollhouse ” and “ One Tree Hill , ” along with the finales of such top network shows as “ Lost ” and “ The Office . ”
Kroll knew she hit pay dirt when she went to the hair salon on Saturday .
She listened with delight as a pair of women relived the uproarious time they ’d had seeing the film with friends the night before .
“ One of them said , ‘ I loved that guy who was missing a tooth -- he reminded me of my ex-boyfriend , ’ ” Kroll recalled .
“ And then she said , ‘ Everyone loves that movie .
My mother ’s going to see it now too . ’ ”
Right , wrong mix
That is what is called major - league buzz -- when even grandmothers are going to see a movie whose target audience is 19 - year - old boys .
Still , the biggest surprise for me was that Warner made the movie in the first place .
Studio chairman Alan Horn , who frequently nudges filmmakers into getting rid of unnecessarily foul language , casual sex and cigarette smoking , is famous for his squeamishness when it comes to raunchy comedy .
When I got him on the phone Monday I teased him , asking him how it felt to have such a big hit with a movie that must ’ve made him hold his nose when he was pressing the greenlight button .
Advertisement
“ OK , I admit that the film did make me a little squeamish , ” Horn said with a laugh , “ On the other hand , I ’d like to think I ’m a little more open - minded than I was a couple of years ago .
But give all the credit for this to [ Warner Bros. Pictures Group President ] Jeff Robinov .
It was Jeff and his troops who got [ director ]
Todd Phillips involved , allowed the movie to be R-rated and let Todd make the movie he wanted to make .
Having worked with Todd on ‘ Starsky & Hutch ’
I knew he was a funny guy and had a lot of confidence in his comic instincts .
But Jeff really ran point on this .
He ’s my partner in the filmmaking process , and I think it ’s appropriate that our movies reflect his sensibility .
He clearly knew what he was doing . ”
It would be hard to say the same thing about Universal and Ferrell ’s experience with “ Land of the Lost . ”
The movie ’s disastrous opening had to come as an especially cruel blow to Ferrell , since Phillips -- the man who directed the film that walloped him -- was the man who made Ferrell a star with “ Old School . ”
In a way , you could say that Ferrell was in the wrong movie , since Ferrell ’s biggest successes have been in outrageous comedies like “ Old School , ” “ Talladega Nights ” and “ Blades of Glory , ” films with essentially the same ingredients as “ The Hangover . ”
As one rival studio marketer put it : “ Will got creamed by a movie from the genre he helped popularize -- the R - rated stupid - guy comedy .
It helped that it had a great title , but anyone who saw one TV spot knew what ‘ The Hangover ’ was supposed to be .
No one ever knew what ‘ Land of the Lost ’ was going for .
Was it supposed to be scary -- or was it supposed to be stupid ?
The end result was neither fish nor fowl , a family movie with a scary dinosaur and a movie star best known for frat - boy humor .
It was a bad mix . ”
No one at Universal is talking .
But it ’s pretty obvious that when the studio greenlighted the movie last year , it was following the model of 20th Century Fox ’s success with “ Night at the Museum , ” which put a somewhat edgy comic star -- Ben Stiller -- into a family comedy that boasted eye - popping special effects .
In theory , the result would have been “ Night at the Museum ” meets “ Jurassic Park . ”
Advertisement
On paper , it sounded like a Big Summer Event .
But even Big Events need to start with a core audience , and “ Land of the Lost ” never had a red - hot core .
Moviegoing families were put off by the scary dinosaurs and the film ’s PG - 13 rating ( “ Night at the Museum ” was rated PG ) , while Ferrell fans thought the film looked too soft , especially with a true hard - edged comedy playing next door at every multiplex in town .
The movie itself had no central comic theme or focus .
Directed by Brad Silberling , it was filled with everything from a running joke involving “ A Chorus Line , ” a strange acid - trip sequence , homages to Ray Harryhausen and his stop- motion model animation and “ Planet of the Apes , ” lewd primate gags and a scene in which Ferrell douses himself with a jug of dinosaur urine .
Mis-direction
If Universal made a key mistake , it was probably hiring Silberling to direct the film , since judging by some of his interviews , he seemed to be under the impression that he was at work on an exercise in filmmaking art instead of delivering a comedy thrill ride .
It is n’t easy to find good comedy directors -- and , no doubt , Ferrell and his manager , Jimmy Miller , had a big say - so in hiring Silberling -- but the filmmaker ’s recent track record hardly inspires confidence ( his last commercial effort , 2004 ’s “ Lemony Snicket ’s A Series of Unfortunate Events , ” was considered a missed opportunity at creating a family franchise ) .
Advertisement
The movie leaves Ferrell in a bad place .
When Adam Sandler tried to draw his hard - core fans to the family friendly “ Bedtime Stories , ” it was n’t a breakout hit .
But it certainly was n’t a total clinker like “ Land of the Lost . ”
The verdict in Hollywood : Ferrell has n’t done a good job of managing his brand .
Sandler is the master of dumb hijinks .
Eddie Murphy has become a cuddly family star .
But who is Will Ferrell ?
No one knows anymore .
He ’s in danger of becoming the comedy equivalent of George Clooney , someone who enjoys a great deal of goodwill but who is n’t actually a real movie star .
That ’s what happens when you go down with the ship , promoting a movie that , as the New York Post ’s Lou Lumenick memorably put it in his review , “ does not seem aimed at any identifiable demographic except fans of bad movies . ”
--
patrick.goldstein@latimes.com
In November 2008 a Dutch journalist , Joanie de Rijke , was abducted by Taliban fighters in Afghanistan .
She was held captive , raped repeatedly , and released after six days for a ransom of 100,000 euros ( $ 137,000 ) .
After her ordeal , she acknowledged that her captors “ did horrible things to me , ” but added in several media interviews “ They also respected me , ” and emphasized “ They are not monsters . ”
In a speech in the Dutch Parliament last Thursday , the Dutch opposition leader Geert Wilders referred to Joanie de Rijke ’s case .
“ She was raped , but she was not angry .
The journalist who went looking for the Taliban in Afghanistan saw her curiosity end in a cruel ordeal of multiple rape .
While this would make others angry or sad , this journalist shows understanding .
She says : ‘ They also respected me . ’
And she was given tea and biscuits . ”
“ This story ” Wilders said ,
“ is a perfect illustration of the moral decline of our elites .
They are so blinded by their own ideology that they turn a blind eye to the truth .
Rape ?
Well , I would put this into perspective , says the leftist journalist : the Taliban are not monsters .
Our elites prefer to deny reality rather than face it .
One would expect : a woman is being raped and finds this unbearable .
But this journalist is not angry because the Muslim involved also showed respect .
Our elites , whether they are politicians , journalists , judges , subsidy gobblers or civil servants , are totally clueless .
Plain common sense has been dumped in order to deny reality .
It is not just this raped journalist who is suffering from Stockholm syndrome , but the entire Dutch elite .
The only moral reference they have is : do not irritate the Muslims – that is the one thing they will condemn . ”
Stockholm syndrome is a psychological response sometimes seen in hostages , where the hostage shows signs of loyalty to the hostage - taker , regardless of the danger or risk in which the hostages have been placed .
Wilders ’ words caused instant fury on all benches except those of his own party .
Parliamentarians and government ministers reacted furiously to his reference to Joanie de Rijke .
“ You should be ashamed of yourself , ” Femke Halsema of the far - left Green Left Party yelled .
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende , a Christian - Democrat , called Wilders ’ statement “ extremely painful and tasteless . ”
The PM said the opposition leader was “ shamefully abusing ” the journalist by turning her “ once again into a victim unable to defend herself . ”
The Dutch media , too , attacked Wilders .
“ Everybody is angry with Wilders ” the Amsterdam daily Het Parool wrote .
Even the conservative weblog De Dagelijkse Standaard headlined : “ Geert Wilders insults journalist raped by Taliban . ”
Wilders ’ remark about the European elites ’ “ Stockholm Syndrome ” seems to have hit a nerve .
The Dutch elites – from the left to the right , from the Greens to the Conservatives – tried to distract attention from this by focusing on his alleged “ insult ” of an abused woman .
Before elaborating , let us take a closer look at the Joanie de Rijke case .
Mrs. de Rijke is an attractive 43 year old Dutch free - lance journalist with long blonde hair .
Though she is a Dutch citizen , she does not live in the Netherlands but in Flanders , the Dutch - speaking northern half of neighboring Belgium .
Most of the time she writes for P - Magazine , a glossy Flemish men ’s weekly which features pictures of girls in lingerie and skimpy bathing suits , pornographic cartoons , articles about fast cars and political pieces .
Last Fall , de Rijke was traveling in Afghanistan for P - Magazine .
Dressed in a burka , she tried to get in touch with the Taliban to do a human interest story about them .
She managed to contact a group of Taliban fighters who had ambushed and killed ten French soldiers in August .
De Rijke arranged an interview with Ghazi Gul , the commander of the group .
When she and her interpreter arrived for the interview , however , Gul abducted her .
He sent the interpreter back to Kabul with a message for P - Magazine demanding a ransom of $ 2 million for the journalist or he would slit her throat .
The Dutch government refused to pay .
So did the Belgian government , although Michael Lescroart , P - Magazine ’s editor , claims that initially the Belgian authorities were willing to pay but later changed their minds because they are “ cowards . ”
Lescroart also said that he believed the group which abducted de Rijke were not real Taliban but
“ some sort of Taliban ‘ freelancers , ’ scum who were after money .
They did not want the real Taliban to know what they were doing , because the real Taliban do not accept that kind of behavior . ”
Given P - Magazine ’s anti-Americanism and leftist inclinations Lescroart probably harbors sympathy for the Taliban and finds it hard to accept that the “ good guys ” do evil things .
During her captivity , de Rijke was raped repeatedly by Gul .
In her book
In de handen van de Taliban , which she published last month , she writes that the Taliban commander
“ could not control his testosterone .
I had the impression that afterwards he regretted what had happened .
He knew it was wrong . ”
The noble savage even “ invited her to a threesome , ” i.e. to have sex with him and one of his three wives .
“ Ghazi was a very religious man .
It is all so hypocritical .
He was a complete fool , ” she writes .
Because the Dutch and Belgian authorities refused to pay , P - Magazine raised 100.000 euros and offered it to Ghazi in return for the journalist ’s release .
The commander accepted .
De Rijke was freed after six days in exchange for the money , which , says de Rijke , was transferred to the Taliban with the aid of the Dutch authorities .
Abduction and kidnapping of Dutch and Belgian journalists is very rare .
It has only happened once before , in the 1980s , when a Dutch journalist was kept hostage for a while in Lebanon .
Lescroart demands that the Dutch and Belgian authorities do more for kidnapped journalists in the future : “ It is intolerable that the life of journalists should depend on the money which their colleagues manage to collect . ”
After her release , Joanie de Rijke , too , criticized the Dutch and Belgian authorities for their refusal to pay ransom .
“ The Belgians have done nothing .
They said it was a matter for the Dutch .
And the Dutch authorities said they never pay ransom .
In Afghanistan they know well enough that Western governments pay up after an abduction .
Germany , Italy and France have all paid ransoms . ”
Though de Rijke was angry with the Dutch and Belgian authorities , she told the Dutch media in interviews given after her release that she was not angry with her abductors .
“ I do not want to depict the Taliban as monsters .
I am not angry with Ghazi Gul .
After all , he let me live , ” she said .
About the rape ordeal she declared that though the experience had been horrible , she was also shown respect .
“ It ’s not black and white .
These things can exist side by side .
That does n’t mean that I ’m suffering from Stockholm syndrome . ”
Some of her colleagues , however , tend to disagree .
Newspaper columnist Elma Drayer wrote in Trouw ( 14 May ) that de Rijke ’s case was a “ classic example of Stockholm syndrome – the phenomenon in which the victims afterwards tell us that the culprits had noble motives and could not help doing what they did . ”
In his speech in parliament last week , Geert Wilders argued that the entire Dutch elite is suffering from Stockholm syndrome and behaves in a fashion similar to Joanie de Rijke .
Rather than trying to refute Wilders , the Dutch establishment attacked him , accusing him of “ immorally abusing de Rijke ’s ordeal for his own political goals . ”
De Rijke , too , said she was appalled at Wilders ’ statement .
“ I did feel angry because of the rape , ” she explained , “ what I tried to make clear was that the acts of the Taliban can not be reduced to rape .
The fact that I wanted to stress that aspect of my feelings is not the same as the Stockholm syndrome people like Wilders like to talk about .
In a war situation people seem only able to think in black and white .
I wanted to refine the story .
A person is not a monster because he calls himself Taliban . ”
Her reaction confirms precisely what Wilders was trying to say .
In reality the Taliban are not monsters because they call themselves Taliban , but because they behave like monsters .
People like de Rijke , however , no longer judge people by their behavior and their actions , but condone them for the noble motives which they imagine have driven them to commit their acts .
As Wilders said , “ They are so blinded by their own ideology that they turn a blind eye to the truth . ”
This attitude led Joanie de Rijke to travel to Afghanistan in the first place , with the aim of interviewing Taliban terrorists who had killed ten French soldiers .
This attitude leads her editor to question whether the Taliban who abducted and raped de Rijke are “ real Taliban ” because “ real Taliban do not behave that way . ”
This attitude recently led an American woman in Bakersfield , California , to approach a man lurking in the parking lot where she had parked her car because , as she told the police , though the man looked like a thug she did not want to appear racist .
The man held her at gunpoint , threatening to kill her 11 month old daughter , and robbed and raped her .
This attitude has led Western Europe to open its doors to large scale immigration from Muslim countries .
This attitude , and here Wilders does not take the argument far enough , is worse than the Stockholm syndrome .
Those who have been abducted and suffer from Stockholm syndrome usually have not placed themselves in danger willingly .
They had the misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time .
The phenomenon illustrated by the case of Joanie de Rijke is that of people who for ideological reasons deny the existence of danger and subsequently put themselves in danger .
Unlike ordinary Stockholm syndrome sufferers they do not begin to shown signs of loyalty to the criminal while in captivity , but have already surrendered to the criminal before their captivity , and , indeed , have ended up in captivity as a consequence of their ideological blindness .
And so , in a way Joanie de Rijke is right .
She did not develop Stockholm syndrome while in captivity .
She had the syndrome even before she left for Afghanistan .
It is natural that she should resent her state of mind being described as Stockholm syndrome , because she considers it to be the state of mind of a righteous and intelligent modern intellectual .
It is the state of mind which she shares with almost the entire political and intellectual class of Europe today , that of the hostage to political correctness .
This post is part of our Whole Life Parenting series .
I was talking with a friend the other day , who marveled at how her whole friendship landscape had changed after having kids .
She said , “ I have three kinds of friends now :
Those who no longer call me , those who treat me exactly the same as before I had kids , and those who now have kids of their own , so they get it . ”
Sure , we might find the rare childless friend who actually gets how much support parents need and how little we get , who says , Hey , I was just going to read a good book tonight , why do n’t I come over and babysit so you can have a night out ?
Or , the kid - at - heart who calls and spontaneously suggests you and your family hop on out for a jaunt to the zoo or seaquarium .
But mostly , after we become parents , our old friends keep going on about their business , and we either follow along , or drop out of their consciousness .
How do we keep those friendships alive , and nurture the parts of us old friends remember and reflect back to us ?
No matter how much we love our families , no one will ever elicit quite the giggles and nostalgia that a friend from ten , fifteen or twenty years ago will .
Here ’re some ways to keep breathing life into those precious relationships :
1 ) Tell your childless friends about the reality of your life .
Suggest things to do that you love in ways that now make sense for you .
“ I would love to go on that four - day , seven hundred dollar spa retreat two states away , but I ca n’t afford the money or the time away from my family .
How about a pedicure Sunday morning ? ”
Some of my friends have responded by turning their own events into child - friendly ones and inviting other families with children .
This makes it so much easier !
Commit to Old Friend Time — then make it happen !
If you have to beg , buy , borrow or steal babysitting , get away with those who know you best , and let them help you remember the old you .
Whether it ’s hiking , shopping , reminiscing , or going to the movies , pick up the activities you used to love to do before you had kids , and connect with the folks you used to do them with .
It will help you feel more rejuvenated and whole , and you ’ll have that much more excitement and energy to bring to your family .
I try to see my best friends at least once a week .
If it gets beyond two weeks , by the time I get around to connecting , it ’s like a huge drink of water after being parched .
It ’s so wonderful to remember things like , Oh , yes , I do still have a ( an adult ) sense of humor !
Invite old friends to combined kid-grownup activities ( See Eight ways to party like it ’s 2009 ) .
This way you can have your cake and eat your cupcakes , too .
Yes , it ’s a different party now .
You and your old friends will get to rock out in new ways .
Ask for help .
Sometimes childless friends are daunted , bewildered , envious , or dealing with other feelings that make it hard to connect with you now that you ’re a parent .
If you can show some vulnerability and reach out to let your friends know you ’d still like to lean on them from time to time , it can give them a way to plug in to you and your new routine .
“ Hey , would you like to stop by an hour or two before the party ?
I could use some help with setup and it would be great to get some alone time with you . ”
Or invite your childless friend to come see your child perform or play a sport .
Not everyone wants to or can handle continuing a friendship when just one of you starts a family .
But with a little creativity and gentle prodding , you may well find that there ’s still a good deal more available in those old friendships than meets the eye .
How have your old friendships fared now that you ’re a parent ?
I ’d love to hear about it in the comment box below .
Love and hugs ,
Jill
Signal
Signal
Signal.connect ( )
Signal.send ( )
In any given software system , there exist events that take place .
Without events , the system would in fact not be a system at all .
Instead , we would have nothing more than a schema .
In addition to events taking place , there are often , but not always , responses to those events .
Events can be thought of abstractly or modeled explicitly .
For instance , the method invocation " obj.do_something ( ) " could be considered an invocation event or a " do something " event .
This would be an abstract way of thinking about events in an object oriented system .
Developers may not even think of a method invocation as an event taking place .
However , the abstraction is there if needed .
A method invocation is an event when it needs to be because it has a location in both space and time .
Events can also be modeled explicitly in code .
This is the case when designing a system that employs a publish - subscribe event system .
Events are explicitly published while the responses to events can subscribe to them .
Another form of event terminology that is often used is to replace event with signal .
This is the terminology used by the Django Python web application framework dispatching system .
Django defines a singlebase class in dispatcher .py and is a crucial part of the dispatching system .
The responsibility of the Signal class is to serve as a base class for all signal types that may dispatched in the system .
In the Django signal dispatching system , signal instances are dispatched to receivers .
instances can't just spontaneously decide to send themselves .
There has to be some motivating party and in the Django signal dispatching system , this concept is referred to as the sender .
Thus , the three core concepts of the Django signal dispatching system are signal , sender , and receiver .
The relationship between the three concepts is illustrated below .
Senders of signals may dispatch a signal to zero or more receivers .
The only way that zero receivers receive a given signal is if zero receivers have been connected to that signal .
Additionally , receivers , once connected to a given signal , have the option of only accepting signals from a specific sender .
So how does one wire the required connections between these signal concepts in the Django signal dispatching system ?
Receivers can connect to specific signal types by invoking themethod on the desired signal instance .
The receiver that is being connected to the signal is passed to this method as a parameter .
If this receiver is to only accept these signals from specific senders , the sender can also be specified as an parameter to this method .
Once connected , the receiver will be activated once any of these signal types have been sent by a sender .
A sender can send a signal by invoking themethod .
The sender itself is passed as a parameter to this method .
This is a required parameter even though the receiver may not necessarily care who sent the signal .
However , it is good practice to not take these chances .
If , from a signal sending point of view , there is always a consistency in regards to who the sender is , there is a new lever of flexibility on the receiving end .
Illustrated below is a sample interaction between a sender and a receiver using the Django signal dispatching system to send a signal .
The fact that the signal instances themselves are responsible for connecting receivers to signals as well as the actual sending of the signals may seem counter - intuitive at first .
Especially if one is used to working with publish - subscribe style event systems .
In these event systems , the publishing and subscribing mechanisms are independent from the publisher and subscriber entities .
However , in the end , the same effect is achieved .
This blog has once again received a copyright warning .
Hence further posting is not possible in order to prevent the content already posted .
New content will be posted on
The name for lavender comes from the Latin word " to wash " , lavere , because it was used in ancient times in baths and spas .
The plants grow easily in many different climates , although originally Mediterranean in origin .
Luckily for us , the oils created from lavender flowers are cheap and easily available .
It takes approximately 105 lb of lavender flowers to create a pint of lavender essential oil ( compare with jasmine oil , which requires more like 1,000 lb of flowers for one pint of oil ) .
Today lavender is a popular and versatile aromatherapy oil , with many different uses .
This article sets out some of the health benefits of using Lavandula angustifolia at home .
enables constant quality mode , and selects the quality ( x264 )
your cpu does not support MMXEXT , but x264 was compiled with asm support
It 's a Deal
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Description : Money , women , fame ... it was all his .
What a deal !
But then it came time to pay up .
One of the true next - generation games on the iPhone debuts next week .
Doom Resurrection from id Software will be available in the AppStore to give gamers what they ’ve been waiting for : much better 3 - D graphics than most first - generation iPhone games .
It ’s the pet project of id Software ’s technical guru , John Carmack , who led a team of six people at Escalation Studios to get the game done over the past six months .
Carmack ’s endorsement means
Apple has one of the leading game developers in the whole industry on its side .
“ I love the iPhone , ” Carmack said in an interview .
“ It ’s a real game platform , not a tiny little toy . ”
The first round of iPhone games have been phenomenal in many ways .
They ’ve driven the excitement about the iPhone as a true gaming platform .
On the 40 million iPhone and iPod Touches sold , games are the No. 1 application , accounting for more than 10,000 of the 50,000 iPhone apps created to date .
Many of the games are cool , particularly for casual gamers who have some time to kill .
But I ’ve been waiting for hardcore games to play seriously , not just as a diversion .
And Doom Resurrection offers exactly that .
Carmack said the project was n’t easy .
He hit a road block and had to go back and redo the core shooting / aiming mechanic of the game .
But he said the team was able to take much of the textures — core art work — of the PC game Doom 3 and use it for the iPhone game .
He said he was pleasantly surprised that the team did n’t have to completely redo the PC game art for the iPhone .
The art is “ downsampled ” to fit in the iPhone screen .
He played a few tricks with the graphics in order to make sure everything ran smoothly .
The game has eight full levels and about five hours of game play .
The team expects to be able to use various iPhone software 3.0 features once they are released , but Carmack said the game was built to run fine on the current iPhone operating system .
The game runs at 30 frames per second on the latest iPod Touch , and perhaps half that speed on the earliest iPhone handsets .
“ If you look at it in raw hardware horsepower , the iPhone should be better in performance than the Nintendo DS and the PlayStation Portable , ” Carmack said .
“ But the truth is , you ca n’t exploit it all because of software inefficiencies . ”
The plot of the game is similar to that of Doom 3 , but it takes place in a different part of the space station than the Doom 3 story .
You are the sole Marine survivor on a remote research facility on Mars where all hell has broken loose in the form of demons from hell .
Hence , it ’s a completely original game in that sense .
Players can talk with scientist characters in the game .
And they can use all of the same weapons and fight the same monsters as in Doom 3 .
Carmack said he is meeting with Apple to offer advice about how to improve the iPhone as a game platform .
He is happy with the faster iPhone 3G S that Apple announced Monday , but he said he ’s also focused on making sure that his games run on the widest number of iPhones .
So far , Carmack said he is watching how demand unfolds for other smart phones such as the Palm Pre , but for now he is only focused on making games on the iPhone ( as well as id Software ’s traditional game platforms such as the consoles and the PC ) .
It would be more convenient , Carmack joked , if the iPhone crushed everyone else .
Carmack said the game has features that could be unlocked later with the release of iPhone 3.0 software .
That includes peer - to - peer cooperative multiplayer , where gamers can connect with each other and play in the same multiplayer game , said Tom Mustaine , managing director of Escalation Studios .
[ Are you an entrepreneur or executive active in mobile ?
Join us at MobileBeat 2009 , our mobile conference for industry leaders .
Sign up by today ( we ’ve extended the earlybird ) , and save $ 145 . ]
Advertisements
On Friday , Rush Limbaugh told the Jews to get over the Holocaust .
He followed this up on his Monday show by claiming that it is offensive to millions of people that a member of the media refers to a half black half white human being as a God.
Rush has moved from anti-Semitism to full blown racism .
Here is the audio from Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ It is offensive to the sensibilities of millions of people to hear a member of the state run media refer to a half black half white human being with no experience running anything of substance referred to as a god .
He may be president of the United States , but he is not a god . ”
Rush also said that he intended people to focus on the fact that he is half black half white .
He was only trying to emphasize Obama ’s humanity .
Here is the full clip that has Limbaugh so upset :
Limbaugh needs to realize that there are many ways to refer to a president ’s humanity outside of race , but he chose that one because that is how much of his audience views Obama .
Secondly , I disagree with Evan Thomas and his description of Obama as above the country in a god like manner .
This is an example of praise gone too far .
I see Obama as a man who is doing nothing more than trying to lead the county in a new direction after the Bush years .
This nation has had so many years of bitter partisan divide that I think it is easy for someone live Evan Thomas to overestimate the role and power of Obama .
Thomas is only upping the expectations for Obama with his over the top praise .
Limbaugh is wrong if he thinks that people are blinded by Obama worship .
The truth is that a majority of the country agrees with Obama ’s policies , but since Limbaugh can never accept this as a valid reason , blame is placed on blind Obama worship .
It is true that some people look to Obama to do too much , but I do n’t a see or hear a ton of blind devotion to Obama out there since he took office .
If anything much of the left grumbles about Obama , because they do n’t think that he is doing enough on particular issues , and I think that the American people are a lot smarter than Rush Limbaugh gives them credit for being .
They know that Obama is n’t going to bring world peace , but they like the change that he has brought .
There was no need for the racial element to be brought into play by Limbaugh .
He extreme right wing views represent what is left of the GOP .
Limbaugh ’s hypocrisy was once again in full display .
This is a man who calls Sonia Sotomayor a racist , but who never misses a chance to state that Obama is half black .
It makes you wonder who is the real racist , Limbaugh or Sotomayor ?
Monday , June 22 , 2009 at 6:07 PM
Who is going to control your destiny , the " past you " or the " present you ? " [ 1 ]
Talking to your Past Self
Talking to your Present Self
Talking to your Future Self
Wrap-up
References
Recently I 've been drawn to the notion of how our actions are informed by our past , and how they impact our future .
I 've particularly found it helpful to think of myself as three people : my Past Self , Present Self , and Future Self .
I have n't found a solid reference for this from psychology ( I 'm sure it 's out there [ 2 ] ) , but I want to share my thinking , and to get your impressions .
The perspective I 'm trying for is that of asking how well we treat them .
What if someone could hear your conversations ?
Would they think you 're a saint ?
A genius ?
A jerk ?
Let me give it a shot .
I can think of three reasons to visit the past : Nostalgia , self - esteem , and insight .
If a thought from the past gives you pleasure , then naturally spend some time with it .
Well - made memories are a treasure .
But limit yourself ; the past is over .
Treat those memories as something you take off the shelf , savor , then put back with respect .
Warning sign : " That was the highlight of my life .
" To treat your past self well , honor her .
She did hard work to get you here , after all .
Celebrate how courageous you were , how much you experimented and tried .
No one else could have done it .
That said , I believe the highest use of the past is to learn , that is , to chew up experiences that turn your present self into an improved future one ( more loving , smarter , or kinder , say ) .
Productive use of the past is via debriefs ( pointers in Personal Lessons Learned In 2008 ) and analyzing and capturing lessons learned .
Hard - earned experience without capture and reflection is waste .
A special challenge I face in my relationship with the past is around doubt .
Second - guessing your Past Self with questions like " Why did I do that ? " or " Did I do the right thing ? " is toxic and unproductive .
It 's disrespectful .
To combat this , renew trust that you made the best choice given current information .
Blaming our past selves for not knowing what we know now - for not knowing the future , in other words - is absurd .
A constructive way to handle these thoughts is to detach a bit from that person .
He tried something ( hear hear ! ) and got some information .
It 's your job to integrate that .
Be grateful .
Clearly most mental effort should be in the present .
Do you agree ?
It stands to reason - this moment is your only decision point [ 3 ] , your only chance to affect the future .
This is when you put your lessons learned into play through enlightened choice .
You know that list of tasks your Past Self created ?
Work them .
You see that blocked out project time on your calendar ?
Use it .
Watch your task appetite , though .
You want it all ( that 's human nature ) , and you can only do one thing at a time ( that 's human circuitry ) , but take care how much you defer to your future self - it 's easy to overload that person coming up .
This is also your sole chance to celebrate your accomplishments .
Zipping right past them without giving a little cheer is a lost opportunity for happiness .
Come on - you rocked !
Warning sign : A culture that asks " What 's next ?
Let 's keep moving , people ! " without pausing .
" The best is yet to come " might tell you something too .
Reflection takes place here .
This is when you connect where you planned to be , what your current goals are , and what new actions will take you there .
Finally , watch your self - talk .
This is probably the most common self - help concept on the planet , but I honestly have n't found a book or idea that 's been helpful .
A popular one is Shad Helmstetter 's What to Say When you Talk To Yourself .
Any suggestions ?
A final crucial activity is how you prepare your Future Self .
What kind of gifts can you give ?
I admit it - I love this category .
I 'm an information collector and prospector .
I capture all but the tiniest tidbit that might be valuable .
News stories , interesting phrases , cool job descriptions , and especially blog ideas , product ideas , and new ways to help clients .
Yum !
For productivity , pay attention to planning ( see Simple Project Planning For Individuals : A Round - up ) .
Look ahead in your calendar to see what you might need for all the projects coming his way , and pave the way .
Do this by working back from due dates and working out hours needed to accomplish each one on time .
Consider blocking out time for specific ones , as I described in Testing The Classics : A Time Management Experiment : Time Blocking .
He will thank you , trust me .
Books deserve a special mention .
They 're an investment and a resource for when the time comes for needing that knowledge .
I know that I can't know it all ( anti- knowledge is a strength ) , and these books represent an act of faith that my future self will need them some day .
It 's a kind of preparation for the unknown , I suppose .
Much more in On Keeping An Umberto Eco- like Anti-Library , especially in the incredibly insightful comments .
A practical note : Preparations can save yourself a ton of work .
For example , my internet connection went out at home .
It was frustrating , especially due to poor timing .
After the standard stages - denial , anger , etc. , I consulted my notes from the last time it happened [ 4 ] , and fixed it in 5 minutes !
Hooray past self !
To enable these conversations , keep a log of what you did , decisions made ( see A Key To Continuous Learning : Keep A Decision Log ) , and your thinking at the time .
This journal is what you 'll mine for insights .
What do you think ?
What are your tricks and methods for working with yourselves ?
I 'm curious !
Everyone complains about " e- mail overload " – getting so much stupid corporate e-mail that you miss out on important messages .
But Byron Reeves has figured out a way to solve the problem .
How ?
By turning corporate e-mail into a game .
Reeves , a communications professor at Stanford , had studied the spectacularly popular online game World of Warcraft , and he knew that people inside the game place enormous value on the game 's artificial currency of gold pieces .
They 'll go on quests and spend hours doing boring tasks just to earn it .
That gave him an idea :
Why not create a system where users earn virtual currency by intelligently using e-mail ?
So Reeves ' firm , Seriosity , built a system – dubbed " Attent " – that does this .
Every employee is given virtual tokens – say , 100 a week , – that they can attach to e-mail they write .
If you really want someone to read a message now , you attach a lot of tokens , and the message pops up higher in your correspondent 's Outlook inbox .
Reeves figured this would encourage people to send less e-mail :
Those who are parsimonious would wind up with lots of tokens , which means when they really have something to say , they can load it up with tokens and make sure it 'll get through .
Sure enough , that 's what happened .
When a work group at IBM tried out Attent , messages with 20 tokens attached were 52 percent more likely to be quickly opened than normal .
E-mail overload ceased to be a problem .
" What we 've proven is that games can change behavior , " Reeves says .
We tend to think of videogames as frivolous activities – something we do to kill time , not to improve productivity .
But a new generation of designers is taking a different tack : Like Reeves , they 're using the principles of videogame design to transform everyday activities – helping people work more efficiently , use less energy , and get healthier .
Turn the world into a game , they argue , and it works better .
Give people a competition , and it can transform a dull - but - important task into something exciting .
" Games create drama and excitement , " as Jane McGonigal , one of the leading thinkers in the field , told the crowd at this year 's O'Reilly Emerging Technology Conference .
" We 've done that for years with videogames , and now we can apply that thinking to the rest of life . "
Physical exercise is a leading example .
One of Nike 's latest successes has been the Nike Plus – a pedomoter that measures your footsteps as you walk and run , and reports them to your Apple iPod .
Nike uses that information to build various game - like systems .
If you break your distance record , for example , your iPod will play an audio clip of Lance Armstrong congratulating you – much as a videogame will offer a badge or " rare " reward for achieving a new personal best .
Nike Plus users can also go online to a website where they can challenge friends – or even strangers around the world – to distance or speed competitions .
" It 's exactly like a leaderboard in a game , where you want to have the bragging right of being on top , so you work harder at getting better , " says Steffen Walz , a game theorist at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology .
Walz says governments worldwide are hiring designers to create games that encourage healthier behavior ; he himself is creating one , where teenagers will run around their city with GPS - equipped mobile phones , unlocking prizes by visiting different locations .
" We 're trying to get people to look at the whole city as a workout space , " Walz says .
" Obese kids are a big problem .
They have unhappy lives , they have health problems , they cost a lot .
So that 's why you need a game to motivate them . "
Games can change behavior by taking bad behaviors and making them visible , so we can no longer ignore them .
For example , the onscreen dashboard in the Toyota Prius – a hybrid gas- electric car – shows drivers the gas mileage they 're achieving , based on how wastefully or how efficiently they 're driving .
As many Prius owners have noted , this turns driving into a little competition , trying to achieve the highest mileage possible .
For his part , Reeves is working on a game to encourage people to use less electricity at home , by displaying their household 's usage as an icon on a website , glowing green if it 's using fairly low amounts of juice , and grey if it 's wasting energy .
Neighbors can sign up and see each other 's usage , creating a competition to be the greenest household .
" Or imagine becoming the greenest house in your country , " Reeves laughs .
In fact , games can be so addictive that it 's like playing with fire :
The trick is not to accidentally overmotivate users .
This spring , Dennis Crowley – a New York software entrepreneur – released " foursquare , " a " location based " social - networking application that tracks any public place you visit ( like a bar , restaurant or coffeehouse ) and reports it to you friends .
Crowley wanted to encourage people to go out a lot , so he added game - like elements :
You get " points " for visiting multiple spots in one evening , for example , and badges for roaming far from home .
Travel a lot and you 'll be at the top of the weekly leaderboard , with hipster bragging rights .
It worked – almost too well .
Some people got so obsessed with racking up points that they began checking in dozens of times a day , frantically marking even a brief visit to Starbucks .
" We created a monster here , " Crowley says ruefully , and he 's reprogramming the game incentives to calm people down .
Games are powerful ; now it 's up to designers to use them for good .
The case involved an attempt by former New York Atty .
Gen. Eliot Spitzer in 2005 to investigate bank lending practices , such as whether a disproportionately large percentage of high - interest mortgages were made to minorities .
After Spitzer sent letters of inquiry to national banks , including Wells Fargo & Co. , Citibank and JP Morgan Chase & Co. , a bank consortium called the Clearing House Assn. filed suit to stop the investigation .
The Treasury Department 's Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , which regulates national banks , also filed suit , arguing that Spitzer was improperly encroaching on its rule under an 1864 law that it was the only entity with the " visitorial power " to examine such banks .
The suits were combined and upheld by lower courts .
But Spitzer 's successor , Andrew Cuomo , appealed to the Supreme Court , arguing in part that the federal agency 's interpretation in effect shielded national banks from states ' enforcing their own laws to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination .
The court found that while a state 's ' visitorial ' powers of investigation into financial practices remain preempted by the 1864 Federal statute , these visitorial powers do not include the power of a state to enforce its own laws , so a state 's Attorney General can still bring suit against national financial institutions to enforce the state 's consumer protection laws .
The decision , in Cuomo v. Clearing House Association , was a surprise victory for consumer groups and state officials because their repeated attempts to challenge the National Bank Act of 1864 have nearly always been rejected in court .
The ruling will allow state attorneys general in certain cases to sue any of the country 's 1,500 national banks , including major divisions of Citigroup Inc. , Bank of America Corp. , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co . " With this decision , the court has recognized that fair lending and consumer protection -- the cornerstones of a sound economy -- require the cooperative efforts of both the states and the federal government , " New York Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo said in a statement .
The Supreme Court ruling will likely free state prosecutors to bring cases against national banks for alleged violations of fair - lending laws , such as charging minorities more money for loans or refusing to offer loans in certain neighborhoods , a practice known as " red-lining . "
The ruling could also allow courts to issue search warrants that allow state attorneys general to search for records at national banks .
Not only is Monday 's decision an important victory in the ongoing battle to prevent large financial institutions from flouting state consumer protection and civil rights laws , but the opinion also has the effect of significantly limiting the ability of the Federal Government to shield the big banks from the consequences of their unlawful actions .
" This puts more consumer cops on the consumer crime beat , " said Edmund Mierzwinski , consumer program director at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group .
" The federal regulators have demonstrated they 're just having doughnuts in the coffee shop . "
No longer can the big banks hide behind the security of lax of Federal oversight , but must now contend with 50 separate state Attorneys General all vying for their pounds of flesh .
If the lawsuits in the 90's against Big Tobacco are any indication , Big Banking could now be in for a very rough ride .
The Clearing House decision also has positive implications for new financial oversight legislation planned by the Obama Administration .
The case 's importance also could be amplified by President Obama 's recent proposal to create a Consumer Financial Protection Agency that would allow states to enact and enforce tougher consumer protection laws than the federal government .
" If Obama 's plan goes forward , it will broaden and strengthen this decision dramatically , " Mierzwinski said .
It remains to be seen , of course , just how serious the Obama Administration is about putting its money where its mouth is on financial oversight , but Monday 's ruling is an important signal that the Court will not stand in the way of greater participation by state based watchdogs .
Finally , while the court 's bucking of a 145 year tradition to find in favor of consumers and against the banks is certainly notable , perhaps the most surprising part of the 5 - 4 decision is which Justices made up the majority .
SCALIA , J. , delivered the opinion of the Court , in which STEVENS , SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER , JJ. , joined .
In this case at least , it appears Justice Scalia 's longstanding interest in the promotion of states ' rights has trumped his natural corporatist inclinations .
Strange days indeed .
x -post : Docudharma
Ubuntu users
cpulimit -p 2960 -l 55
cpulimit -l 40 /etc/rc.d/rc.boinc start
To find out the pid of an application , simply type this in a terminal :
ps -e
pidof firefox
Limit a process by PID to 55 % CPU : Launch a process by command line and limit it to 40 % ( in development version only ! ) :- for all applications running : - for a specific application ( for example Firefox ) : ( you may also want to check out our list of 20 great Linux terminal commands
Notes
If your machine has one processor you can limit the percentage from 0 % to 100 % , which means that if you set for example 50 % , your process cannot use more than 500 ms of cpu time for each second .
But if your machine has four processors , percentage may vary from 0 % to 400 % , so setting the limit to 200 % means to use no more than half of the available power .
In any case , the percentage is the same of what you see when you run top .
cpulimit should run at least with the same user running the controlled process .
But it is much better if you run cpulimit as root , in order to have a higher priority and a more precise control .
Now cpulimit does limit also the children of the specified process .
The code is still experimental , so let me know how it is .
[ via ciberciti ]
MON810 maize is genetically engineered to produce Bacillus thuringiensis , ​ which is toxic to the corn borer pest .
Permitted in Europe since 1998 for animal feed , it is marketed as a way to save farmers money on insecticides and other pest controls .
However German agriculture minister Ilse Aigner claimed last week that she had “ legitimate reasons ” ​ to believe the maize to be a danger to the environment – and believes the Environment Ministry to agree with the view .
Although MON810 has been permitted in Germany since 2005 , she scrapped plans for 3,600 hectares ( 8,892 acres ) to be planted in the eastern states for this summer 's harvest .
Now the biotech giant has hit back , according to a Reuters ​article , filing a lawsuit against the Germany government in the administrative court in Braunschweig , northern Germany .
The wire quotes a spokesperson for Monsanto as saying the ban is “ arbitrary ” .
​ A​clause in EU law does allow member states to impose such a ban , but Monsanto claims they can only do so once a plant has already been approved if new scientific evidence has come to light .
If the outcome of the lawsuit is in Monsanto ’s favour , the cost to the German government has been estimated at between € 6 m and € 7m .
Aigner , a member of the Christian Social Union , has denied that the decision to ban the MON810 plantings is politically motivated .
She said the ban is an individual case , and should not be taken as an indication of future policy on genetically modified crops .
Other bans ​
Germany is not the only country to have banned MON810 .
France also invoked the clause on new scientific evidence that cast doubt over its safety last year .
However a review conducted by the European Food Safety Authority , requested by the European Commission , concluded that “ in terms of risk to human and animal health and the environment , the provided information package does not present new scientific evidence that would invalidate the previous risk assessments of maize MON810 ” ​.
Other countries to implement bans are Hungary and Austria .
Last month European ministers voted – for the fourth time – against forcing these countries to lift their bans , despite EFSA ’s view .
Signal Theory Poster
James Kent Informational Poster on Hallucinogens and Recurrent Excitation in Cortical Circuitry View PDF of the Signal Theory Poster
The above link will open a 2.7MB PDF of the 4 ' x 8 ' informative poster on Signal Theory presented at the 2006 Toward a Science of Consciousness Conference in Tucson , AZ .
Adobe Acrobat Reader is needed to view this file .
This poster lays out the very basic fundamentals of Signal Theory and how psychedelics promote recurrent excitation in cortical circuits .
If you have any questions about the information presented here , you may feel free to contact me at jamesk@tripzine.com .
Background on Signal Theory and Feedback Since I first tried LSD in the spring of 1988 , I have been obsessed with figuring out how psychedelics work .
Even though my initial trip was fairly mild , I knew there was something big going on in my head , even if I could n't expain what it was .
I made a conscious decision to do more experimentation with more psychedelics , and vowed to track down every " expert " in the field I could find hoping for clear answers and a deeper understanding of the mystery of psychedelic action .
Over the years , the psychedelic theories I have considered have been numerous and varied , ranging from the pseudo - scientific to the outright metaphysical .
There was Leary 's 8 - circuit model , Lilly 's ECCO theory , McKenna 's theory of superconductive holgraphic DNA transmission , traditional shamanic mythology , neo - shamanic alien mythology , the Gaia hypothosis , as well as a host of pharmacological theories that asserted psychedelics caused a massive release of " something " in the brain ( dopamine ? seratonin? acetylcholine ? ) .
As all of these theories trickled into my consciousness I considered it my " duty " to test each and every one for some kind of veracity .
I wanted the mystery to be over , yet each time I attempted to test , verify , or utilize one of the above theories in psychedelic practice , I found myself thinking , " Hey , this is n't the right answer . "
I 've summoned aliens , dieties , and demons ; I 've communed with Gaia ; I 've activated cicuits in my brain ; I 've talked to ECCO ; and I 've meditated deep on the actions of my own brain and DNA , hoping to find some " vision " of truth that answered all of my questions .
But the aliens just laughed at me , Gaia shrugged and gave me a hug , ECCO told me the answer was unknowable , and the numerous elaborate configurations of genetics and molecular biology I concocted in my head just did n't add up .
Every time I thought I had the answer , I would go back to the psychedelic state for validation , and each time I would be told that I was on the wrong path .
Sorry , thanks for playing .
But slowly , over a period of many years , a new theory began to work it 's way into my mind .
When confronted with the failures of previous models , I went back to square one and began looking at basic properties of the brain that could be utilized to produce such a profound state .
The problem was , up until that point I had always thought of consciousness and perception in a very linear way : perception trickles up into consciousness .
However , when I began to study feedback pathways within the structure of the brain , everything became very clear .
Feedback was the answer .
The only property of the brain capable of producing profound expansions of consciousness as well as severe distortions of perception was feedback .
When the notion of psychedelic feedback first struck me it seemed obvious ; feedback is used in amplifyers , FX boxes , error correction , recursive algorithms , fractal expression , and genetic expression for that matter .
Feedback is the ultimate regulator of signal strength in every medium I could think of , including molecular biology and human social interaction .
And the more I studied feedback in the brain , the more I realized how essential it is to the process of everyday consciousness itself .
Not only is consciousness a continual feedback loop between perceiver and perception , but the vast majority of axons in the cortex are dedicated to feedback processes that are fundamental to all perception and thought .
When discussing feedback , I can't help thinking of Jimi Hendrix 's rendition of the " Star Spangled Banner , " a blistering electric guitar solo filled with brain - melting amplifyer feedback .
Hendrix 's use of feedback both amplifies the guitar sound and extends the decay of each feedbacking wail until the notes begin to pile on top of each other in a howling wash of oscillating noise patterns .
With enough feedback amplification , delay , and echo , the wailing notes continue on even when Hendrix is not touching the guitar strings .
Once sufficiently primed by noise , the feedback process on Hendrix 's guitar quickly enters a stable , self - sustaining state , and would continue ad - infinitum until the feedback oscillation was perturbed in some way .
In the case of Hendrix , the feedback oscillation is modulated by his proximity to the amplifyer and his control of his guitar 's pickup volume .
With this simple use of feedback modulation , Hendrix creates a natural overdrive that extends the range of the guitar and amplifier to a point that seems impossibly extreme .
In a sense , the feedback loop pushes the amplifyer into a " expanded state " of functioning , able to produce something far more exotic and unique than a faithful rendering of simple guitar tone ( which is what the amplifyer was designed to do ) .
By using feedback , Hendrix essentially " hacked " the amplifyer 's circuitry to produce a super - functioning state well beyond its normal range .
Sound familiar ?
And so , armed with my new understanding of neural feedback , I approached the psychedelic state again .
But this time it was different .
As I found myself entering psychedelic consciousness , I was struck by how aware I was of feedback amplifying sensation in my own mind .
Indeed , I now recognized feedback as the hidden " driver " of the psychedelic state that I previously could not explain or envision .
But now it all made perfect sense .
Now , when images stuck in my mind and receded into swirling patterns and noise , I could sense how they morphed and decayed through a progressive feedback cycle , stretching and amplifying through time in the same way Hendrix warped the " Star Spangled Banner " into sonic oblivion .
I began to notice how sound echoed and decayed in my head , creating the same exact type of overlapping white - noise phasic feedback sound found in heavily filtered house music .
I understood that the use of feedback in music is inherently psychedelic because cortical feedback caused by psychedelics is precisely the effect that Hendrix and acid house DJs were trying to emulate .
Obviously , the notion of psychedelics acting as feedback amplifyers for recurrent excitation in neural circuitry is not as cool as shamanic deities and psychic aliens and holographic DNA projections , but it is infinitely more workable as a practical theory , and it has an extremely solid basis in actual neuroanatomy and pharmacology .
The premise of psychedelics acting as feedback promotors in neural circuitry is an extremely simple theory , so simple I was suprised that no one had thought of it before .
But after doing some basic research on both 5 - HT2A agonists as well as recurrent excitation in cortical circuitry , it became instantly clear that I was onto something .
Not only did I have a theory , I also managed to put together a working pharmacological model for the process .
As far as I know , what I am asserting in Signal Theory has never been proposed before , and represents a totally new model for understanding psychedelic action in the brain .
Signal
Theory may not be complex , but the principle of Occam 's Razor suggests that all things being equal , the simplest explanation which answers all the questions is most likely the correct one .
Signal
Theory does not rely on hidden functions of the brain or invisible spirit entities to explain how psychedelics work , it simply states that psychedelics amplify one of the brain 's most essential functions : the use of feedback excitation to process and analyze sensory data .
Some people may feel that Signal Theory is too simple , and may take offense that it essentially reduces the mystery of the psychedelic state to loops of excited sensory data spinning out of control in your head .
But after years of careful experimentation , analysis , and research , this is what it has come down to .
I do n't want to imply that loops of excited data spinning around in your head are a meaningless nothing ; obviously that is not the case .
The process of excited neural feedback is what allows the mind to expand beyond its normal functioning , becoming something more than what it was strictly designed for .
The process of promoting recurrent excitation within neural circuitry is the process of pushing human perception to its operational limit ; totally maxing out the network and ramping it up to its fullest analytical potential .
Runaway feedback excitation in cortical lobes may very well be a gateway to transcendent realms and expanded consciousness , but it may also be a gateway to paranoia , delusion , and psychosis .
Navigating the warped topography of your brain 's excited feedback circuits without blowing your mind on wailing distortion is the art and skill of the shaman , and there is much to be learned about the self and the natural world through this process .
Like all scientific theories , Signal
Theory does not attempt to explain " why " people get so much out of the psychedelic experience , it only attempts to explain " how " psychedelics work their specific magic , and in that regard I feel I am on very solid footing .
Finally , I would like to thank everyone who has supported me in the process of developing this theory .
I could not have done it without donations from hundreds of private individuals willing to take a chance and support my research .
I sincerely hope that over time Signal Theory grows into an accepted principle of psychedelic action , and that the insights I put forward here help future explorers reach the highest possible potentials of their own minds .
They deserve it !
James Kent
April , 2006 ¤ Link
Tags : psychedelic feedback hallucinogen perception neuroscience brain cognition
Posted on : 2006-04-03 19:16:06
The cathedral will play out Imagine on 16 May The bells of Liverpool 's Anglican Cathedral are to ring out to John Lennon 's anti-religious anthem Imagine .
The bells will play the 1971 song , which begins " Imagine there 's no Heaven " , as part of an arts festival on 16 May at 1200 , 1230 and 1300 BST .
A cathedral spokesman said : " Allowing Imagine to be pealed on our bells does not mean we agree with the song lyric . "
The song has drawn criticism from some religious figures as Lennon himself has called the anthem " anti-religious " .
Liverpool Cathedral said it had carefully considered the " sensitivities " surrounding the song 's lyrical content .
It is an iconic song ... in a thought - provoking and surprising setting
Cleo Evans , artist " But we recognise its power to make us think .
As a cathedral we do not shrink from debate .
We recognise the existence of other world views , " added the cathedral spokesman .
The original idea to ring out Imagine came from artist Cleo Evans , who was commissioned by Futuresonic , a cultural festival , to develop the concept with the Anglican Cathedral .
She said : " Imagine is an incredibly gentle , philosophical and moving song which speaks strongly of the need for peace .
" It is an iconic song which will be performed in a thought - provoking and surprising setting . "
Lennon 's widow , Yoko
Ono said the idea was " so beautiful , it made me choke up " .
Ringer Sam Austin , 23 , a student at Manchester 's Royal Northern College of Music will lead the recital .
He and seven volunteer bell ringers started rehearsals by playing the melody on hand - bells before progressing to the " world famous " Anglican bells , which are the highest and heaviest ringing peal bells in the world .
The 13 bells are arranged around ' Great George ' , a central ringing bell which weighs over 14 tonnes and can be heard for miles around .
A spokesman for Liverpool Catholic Diocese said it had no comment on the project .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
YEKATERINBURG , Russia  Leaders of the four largest emerging market economies discussed ways to reduce their reliance on the United States at their first formal summit meeting on Tuesday .
But they concluded with only a cautious statement suggesting a move away from the dollar ’s role in global commerce and a call for greater representation of developing countries in global financial institutions .
By some predictions , the four nations , Brazil , Russia , India and China , a group referred to as the BRIC group , will surpass the current leading economies by the middle of this century , a tectonic shift that by this reckoning will eventually nudge the United States and Western Europe away from the center of world productivity and power .
Russia ’s president , Dmitri A. Medvedev , said the main point of the meeting was to show that “ the BRIC should create conditions for a more just world order . ”
The four countries produce about 15 percent of the world ’s gross domestic product and hold about 40 percent of the gold and hard currency reserves , but they are not a unified bloc and do not do enough business among themselves to justify a trade alliance .
LOUISVILLE , Ky.  Ken Pagano , the pastor of the New Bethel Church here , is passionate about gun rights .
He shoots regularly at the local firing range , and his sermon two weeks ago was on “ God , Guns , Gospel and Geometry . ”
And on Saturday night , he is inviting his congregation of 150 and others to wear or carry their firearms into the sanctuary to “ celebrate our rights as Americans ! ” as a promotional flier for the “ open carry celebration ” puts it .
“ God and guns were part of the foundation of this country , ” Mr. Pagano , 49 , said Wednesday in the small brick Assembly of God church , where a large wooden cross hung over the altar and two American flags jutted from side walls .
“ I do n’t see any contradiction in this .
Not every Christian denomination is pacifist . ”
The bring - your - gun - to - church day , which will include a $ 1 raffle of a handgun , firearms safety lessons and a picnic , is another sign that the gun culture in the United States is thriving despite , or perhaps because of , President Obama ’s election in November .
Last year , the National Rifle Association ran a multimillion - dollar advertising campaign against Mr. Obama , stoking fears that he would be the most antigun president in history and that firearms would be confiscated .
One worry was that a Democratic president and Congress would reinstitute the assault - weapons ban , which expired in 2004 .
MAY 5-- Two California men were indicted today on federal charges that they illegally smuggled Asian songbirds into the country , most recently last month when one of the defendants , returning from a trip to Vietnam , was found with 14 live birds strapped to his legs .
As seen in this marvelous evidence photo , Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) agents at Los Angeles International Airport discovered the birds under the pants of Sony Dong .
According to a Department of Justice press release , CBP agents inspected Dong and " found bird feathers and droppings on his socks , as well as birds ' tail feathers visible under his pants . "
A subsequent search " discovered 14 live birds attached to two flat pieces of cloth that were wrapped around his calves .
The birds included three red- whiskered bul - buls ( which is listed as an injurious species under federal law ) , four magpie robins and six shama thrush . "
The birds each appear to have been placed in sleeves that were hooked on to the cloth around Dong 's legs .
A second man , Duc Le , 34 , was later arrested in connection with the bird smuggling .
According to a criminal complaint , Dong told investigators that he purchased birds for $ 50 each and re-sold them for $ 300 - $ 400 apiece .
( 3 pages )
Full House to weigh firing Kent , stopping $ 174,000 salary Panel votes to recommend Kent impeachment
Lawmakers voted 28 - 0 to lodge four charges against Kent , all related to his repeated sexual molestation of two former female employees at the Galveston courthouse .
The House is expected to approve impeachment proceedings before it recesses for the July 4th break .
The matter would then be heard by the Senate .
In an eleventh - hour letter to the Judiciary Committee , Kent ’s lawyer lashed out at the credibility of one of two women who testified about the jurist ’s predatory sexual assaults .
Attorney Dick DeGuerin accused Donna Wilkerson of exaggerating and lying about the extent of Kent ’s contact with her and said the “ lurid testimony ” to the panel by Wilkerson and Cathy McBroom was not needed .
“ Judge Kent ’s guilty plea to the felony of obstruction of justice presents sufficient grounds for impeachment , ” DeGuerin wrote .
Kent pleaded guilty to obstruction for lying to judicial investigators about his sexual misconduct against McBroom and Wilkerson .
He is scheduled to begin a 33 - month prison sentence on June 15 , though he has refused to resign his post until June 1 or relinquish his $ 174,000 annual salary .
Kent is preparing to surrender to the U.S. Bureau of Prisons to begin his incarceration “ through and beyond June 2010 , the date he offered to effectively resign , ” Dick DeGuerin told the Houston Chronicle .
DeGuerin urged the panel “ to seek the complete truth and not allow to go unchallenged the gratuitous , exaggerated false claims ” by Wilkerson and McBroom .
Wilkerson , in nine pages of graphic testimony submitted to the panel last week , recounted that Kent had “ groped me outside my clothes , then inside my clothes ( top and bottom ) , then attempting to and gaining penetration ... with his hand . ”
Wilkerson ’s lawyer said her client stands behind everything she has said .
Texas lawmakers who voted in favor of the articles of impeachment included : Reps. Sheila Jackson Lee , D- Houston ; Ted Poe , R- Humble ; Louie Gohmert , R - Tyler ; Lamar Smith , R - San Antonio , and Charles Gonzalez , D - San Antonio .
stewart.powell@chron.com
NOTE FROM JOHN : I ’m happy to introduce Richard Socarides , a long time friend , former Hill staffer , and then former top aide to President Clinton , who will be writing for us from time to time on a variety of issues .
Today ’s topic is whether or not President Obama ’s Department of Justice had a choice to file a brief supporting the Defense of Marriage Act .
The Department of Justice says they had no choice but to support DOMA .
Some ( but not other ) outside legal experts claim the administration had no choice .
Richard , who worked quite literally in the Oval Office as a top aide to the president ( he ’s pictured above , in glasses , standing between President Clinton and Janet Reno ) , says categorically that the DOJ had a choice , and they chose wrong .
He goes on to explain exactly how it works when the president is confronted with a choice such as DOMA .
Richard is the most senior former administration , and only former White House , official to weigh in on this matter .
He was quite literally there when these types of decisions were being made in the White House .
It appears we finally have our definitive answer to the much - talked - about post I wrote about the other day on this matter .
Here is Richard ’s piece .
_________________________________________
The Choice to Defend DOMA , and Its Consequences
by Richard Socarides
Like many other gay people who support the president , and as someone who had hoped he would be a presidential - sized champion of gay civil rights from the start , I was disturbed by his administration ’s brief defending the so - called Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) , filed late last week , in opposition to our full equality .
It had such a buckshot approach to it , a veritable kitchen sink of anti-gay legal theories , that it seemed expressly designed to inflict maximal damage to our rights .
Instead of making nuanced arguments which took into account the president ’s oft - stated support for repealing DOMA – a law he has called “ abhorrent ” – the brief seemed to embrace DOMA and all its horrific consequences .
I was equally troubled by the administration ’s explanation that they had no choice but to defend the law .
As an attorney and as someone who was directly involved in giving advice on such matters to another president ( as a Special Assistant for civil rights to President Bill Clinton ) , I know that this is untrue .
No matter what the president ’s personal opinion , administration officials now tell us that the US Department of Justice ( DOJ ) must defend the laws on the books , and must advance all plausible arguments in doing so .
Thus , the theory goes , the DOJ was just following the normal rules in vigorously defending the anti-gay law .
I know and accept the fact that one of the Department of Justice ’s roles is to ( generally ) defend the law against constitutional attack .
But not in all cases , certainly not in this case – and not in this way .
To defend this brief is to defend the indefensible .
From my experience , in a case where , as here , there are important political and social issues at stake , the president ’s relationship with the Justice Department should work like this :
The president makes a policy decision first and then the very talented DOJ lawyers figure out how to apply it to actual cases .
If the lawyers cannot figure out how to defend a statute and stay consistent with the president ’s policy decision , the policy decision should always win out .
Thus , the general rule that the DOJ must defend laws against attack is relative – like everything in Washington .
And even when the DOJ does defend a law against constitutional attack , it does not have to advance every conceivable argument in doing so ( such as the brief ’s invocation , in a footnote , of incest and the marriage of children ) .
In fact , many legal experts believe that in this particular case none of the issues going to the merits of whether or not DOMA is constitutional needed to be addressed to get the case thrown out .
The administration ’s lawyers could have simply argued , for example , that the plaintiff ’s had no standing .
There was no need to invoke legal theories that were not only offensive on their face , but which could put at risk future legal efforts on behalf of our civil rights .
I am not suggesting that it is easy to get the DOJ to agree not to defend a law on the merits , because it is not .
Someone has to be aggressive and make persuasive arguments to the president .
Someone on a staff level has to believe strongly that it is the right thing to , not defending DOMA , and be willing to push hard .
But it is doable .
It does happen .
It is one of the reasons the president needs to appoint a high - ranking , respected , openly gay policy advocate to oversee government efforts toward lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality ( as I and others have previously urged ) .
On May 2 , 2009 , at the 100 - day point of the Obama presidency , I wrote a Washington Post Op Ed , Where ’s Our ‘ Fierce Advocate ’ ? , bemoaning the president ’s silence over our most significant civil rights court victory to date , recognizing marriage in Iowa .
I thought , with a little push from the president , this could have been a marriage tipping - point for us .
Call it a missed national growth opportunity .
Now , six weeks later , we seem to have gone from silence to outright hostility , and from our very own Department of Justice .
Based on my own White House experience , I know that these things are not always fully intentional .
Signals get crossed .
In an environment where events transpire at often breathtaking speed , mistakes are made .
And in fact , I have heard from some who believe that an effort was made in this case to scale back some of the most offensive arguments in this brief ( the Lambda Legal statement says this ) .
Clearly those efforts did not go far enough .
Looking at the administration ’s performance overall during these past five months , we see how little progress has been made to fulfill the president ’s promises to our community , on even the most basic level .
It is disheartening .
I am still hopeful that much can be accomplished over the course of this presidency .
But I strongly believe that to do so we must make it loud and clear that we will not be sacrificed to the altar of political expediency , that there will be a steep price to pay if our constitutional rights are ignored or put off indefinitely , and that a deeply offensive brief like the one filed last week will not be allowed to go unchallenged .
As we approach the 40th anniversary of Stonewall , I ’m reminded of something President Obama said dur
ing the campaign : “ Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time .
We are the ones we ’ve been waiting for .
We are the change that we seek . ”
The UFC invited Mirko “ Cro Cop ” Filipovic to enter the octagon for a second tour , even after an unimpressive 1 - 2 in his first go around .
Now they wish they never did .
Cro Cop beat Mustapha al - Turk with a first round TKO at UFC 99 , possibly with the help of an eye poke that was not seen by referee Dan Miragliotta .
While Cro Cop won in the cage , many will brand him a loser for what was revealed shortly after the fight .
Cro Cop told UFC president Dana
White that he would not be returning to the UFC because he had already signed a 3 - fight agreement with DREAM .
The background here is that White signed Cro Cop to a one - fight deal — something he never does — and had a verbal committment on 2 others .
White had this to say to Yahoo !
Sports :
“ Is n’t that a dirty [ expletive ] thing to do ? ”
White asked rhetorically after being queried about Filipovic ’s deal with DREAM .
“ He [ expletived ] me .
The first time in the history of the company I do one over the phone .
He promised me a three - fight deal and he [ expletived ] me . ”
While speaking with reporters on a prefight conference call , Filipovic enthused about his return and said he was gunning for a title shot .
All the while , he apparently knew he was in it for a one - fight deal .
Cro Cop did n’t impress me in the fight .
al - Turk was swinging like he was in a bar fight , and frankly does not look like he belongs in the UFC .
While I think Cro Cop would have won anyway , the eye - poke may have helped him to that end .
It ’s my opinion that Dana White would be wise to replace Cro Cop with the only fighter he beat in his first stint in the UFC : Eddie Sanchez .
Sanchez dominated Jay White at Bellator 6 here in Chicago .
He was 3 - 3 in the UFC and had he been in the ring with Cro Cop at UFC 99 , he would have beat him into submission .
He certainly is a better fighter than al - Turk .
Now Cro Cop is free to run back to DREAM where maybe he can get a rematch with , I do n’t know , the vaunted Hong Man Choi .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " Ratbert you 're my new VP of sales . "
Dogbert says , " Your job is to set impossible goals for the salespeople and punish them for failing . "
Ratbert says , " Yay !
I always wanted to be a sadist ! "
Dogbert says , " Dreams do come true . "
Information
Filename : 0621090221.jpg
Size : 800x600
Uploaded : 2009-06-22
Popular tags on the site
cat family donnamodelo.com glastonbury rwpeuro2006 cheerleader ebooks jessica avril magic dilbert giger 1999 shevington cia ryushin_15 rippenspreizer bonton spain comic paintball wallpaper krystal bier dubai hr_giger invasion falco renee smashing forza manga death_note megaten chubby stephy soepkip himos yuko emma mariage 1nsane sprites ryushin_14 ryushin_09 ka_series_l rx7 ranma fxc
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
A few weeks back at ETech , I was hanging out with Phillip Torrone who was sporting his “ Guardian Angel ” bag by Vlieger & Vandam that is embossed with the shape of a gun .
Here ’s a photo of Violet Blue modeling Phil ’s bag .
They also make bags embossed with knives and Dachshund shaped bags .
David Pescovitz noticed the bag as well and posted about it on Boing Boing .
U know how they compared your playing to torturing a cat .........?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Ellen Parnell and her husband , Donald Parnell Jr. , seem like the kind of well - off couple President Barack Obama has in mind when he suggests raising taxes on families earning more than $ 250,000 a year .
A surgeon at Fort Sanders Sevier Medical Center in Sevierville , Tenn. , he drives an Infiniti .
They vacation at a beach resort every year .
Yet , ...
“ IT'S like Barack Obama putting Donald Trump in his cabinet ” , assorted British pundits have quipped , after the flailing prime minister , Gordon Brown , appointed Alan Sugar as his “ enterprise tsar ” .
Lord Sugar — the aristocratic title is his reward for agreeing to join a dying government — has , like Mr Trump , overcome a somewhat mixed reputation as a businessman to enjoy widespread public affection as host of “ The Apprentice ” , a reality - television show .
On opposite sides of the Atlantic , the two tycoons have won fans with their no -nonsense comments about the efforts of the contestants , and by making what generally seem fair decisions on whom to tell : “ You 're fired ! ”
To observers of the British political scene , trying to grab a piece of Lord Sugar 's popularity seems only to confirm Mr Brown 's desperation .
By contrast Mr Obama is hugely popular , so , the observers imply , he has no need to seek to boost his image by putting at the heart of government some implausible hair and one of the few bling lifestyles to survive the financial crisis .
Yet , in some important ways , Mr Obama may need The Donald , or a slightly toned - down version of him , more than Mr Brown needs Lord Sugar .
AP
You 're fired !
I 'm hired ?
Mr Obama has tsars in his eyes ( or czars , as Americans have it ) , as this column predicted he would before he took office .
He has already appointed a few , including a car tsar , Steve Rattner , a former journalist and private - equity boss , who has been shaking up Chrysler and General Motors to mixed reviews .
Usually , such pointmen are not as powerful as their title suggests they should be .
The original tsar , appointed in 1982 to oversee the war on illegal drugs , was arguably the least effective of all .
Yet America may need an enterprise tsar rather more than Britain does .
Helping small businesses is one policy that Mr Brown has championed consistently .
Even before his recent promotion Lord Sugar had been advising the government , pushing ideas such as non-academic training certificates for shop and service workers , nicknamed McQualifications .
The same can not yet be said of Mr Obama .
American business 's next problem will be big government .
One reason to worry is that there are few business people of any stature who have the president 's ear , in sharp contrast to economists , lawyers , scientists , left - leaning politicians and union bosses .
True , there are several former Google executives in the administration ( the internet - search firm seems to have replaced Goldman Sachs as the main source of business talent for the government ) .
But they are in roles that have little impact on policy towards business , such as head of the White House Office of Social Innovation and deputy chief technology officer .
Bringing an enterprise tsar into the White House could change this , by ensuring that every time one of Mr Obama 's other advisers suggests an intervention in the economy of any significance , he is at least forced to consider the question :
“ What does this mean for business , and especially for the entrepreneurial culture that has for so long made the American economy great ? ”
Admittedly , there may be many better qualified people for Mr Obama to consider than Mr Trump .
His career may have been too chequered , and his lifestyle too loud , for Mr Obama 's taste .
Yet , whereas other plausible candidates might shun the limelight , it is hard to imagine Mr Trump turning down the job .
His pronouncements would certainly attract widespread attention .
And now more than ever , the administration could benefit from the insights of someone who has seen America 's bankruptcy process close up .
The last time Uncle Sam 's role in the economy expanded so rapidly , an even less likely business tycoon was recruited .
Joseph Kennedy , President Franklin Roosevelt 's choice as the first head of the Securities and Exchange Commission , was an insider trader ( before this was made expressly illegal ) , suspected bootlegger ( although there was scant evidence for this ) and father to a future president .
By comparison Mr Trump is a paragon of commercial virtue .
And if the appointment did not work out , Mr Obama could at least find consolation in the pleasure of saying : “ Donald Trump , you 're fired ! ”
According to the revised plan for sale of the automaker 's best assets , the new General Motors will take on future liability claims involving vehicles made by the old company but will not be responsible for pending lawsuits .
That 's right .
If you get injured in the future by an old vehicle , the new GM will take care of you .
But if you 're already injured , the new GM does n't have to care .
Earlier today on CNN , GM CEO Fritz Henderson said he did not expect a clash with the government over the proposed sale , but his testimony in bankruptcy course could last days .
Chrysler , meanwhile , is off the hook completely , as its sale to Fiat included terms that exempted the newly formed company from all liability in pending lawsuits from any Chrysler vehicle made or sold before June 10 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Nasa 's space shuttle Discovery has blasted off from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a 14 - day mission to the International Space Station .
Its crew will deliver and install the space station 's fourth and final set of solar arrays , which will provide the power for it to expand .
The seven astronauts include Koichi Wakata , who will be Japan 's first long - term resident on the space station .
The shuttle 's launch was postponed last month because of mechanical problems .
Electricity from the new solar arrays will support the expansion of the crew to six people .
It will also provide the power necessary to fully exploit the science labs now attached to the ISS .
Currently , the normal live - aboard complement is three individuals ; and the station partners want to double this in May .
Brilliant spectacle
The mission is due to feature four spacewalks to help install the S6 truss segment to the starboard , or right , side of the station and the deployment of its solar arrays .
Koichi Wakata :
The first Japanese long - duration ISS resident Discovery 's astronauts will also replace a failed unit for a system that converts urine to drinking water .
Another key task is ISS crew rotation .
Discovery will drop off the Japanese space agency 's ( Jaxa ) first resident crew member .
Discovery 's delayed flight is the 125th to be made by a shuttle ; the 28th to the ISS ; and the 36th flight for Discovery itself .
Once the final truss segment is installed , the station 's backbone - which supports not just the arrays , but radiators and other equipment - will be 102 m long .
When viewed from the Earth 's surface shortly after sunset , the ISS appears as a very bright star moving swiftly across the sky .
The addition of a larger reflective area will make the platform an even more brilliant spectacle .
Altogether , the station 's arrays can generate as much as 120 kilowatts of usable electricity , says Nasa .
The addition of the final set of solar arrays will nearly double the amount of power available for scientific experiments aboard the station - from 15 kW to 30kW .
Eight more flights are required to finish construction of the station and to fill it with supplies prior to the retirement of the shuttle fleet in 2010 .
Nasa also plans one additional shuttle mission to repair and upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope .
The agency is still awaiting the appointment of an administrator following the departure of the Mike Griffin .
President Obama has yet to fill the post .
Discovery 's mission had earlier been delayed by several weeks to give engineers time to investigate the cause of a fractured fuel valve on the last shuttle mission .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In what a U.S. military official calls an " inadvertent encounter , " a Chinese submarine hit an underwater sonar array being towed by the destroyer USS John McCain on Thursday .
The USS John S. McCain , left , anchored at the port of Incheon 40 km west of Seoul , Korea in March 2004 .
The array was damaged , but the sub and the ship did not collide , the official said .
A sonar array is a device towed behind a ship that listens and locates underwater sounds .
The incident occurred near Subic Bay off the coast of the Philippines .
The official , who declined to be named because the incident had not been made public , would not say whether the U.S. ship knew the submarine was that close to it .
However , the Navy does not believe this was a deliberate incident of Chinese harassment , as it would have been extremely dangerous had the array gotten caught in the submarine 's propellers .
The Navy has complained in the past that Chinese vessels , including fishing boats , have deliberately tried to disrupt U.S. naval activities in international waters near China .
In one widely publicized incident in March , five Chinese vessels maneuvered close enough to the USNS Impeccable to warrant the use of a fire hose by the unarmed American vessel to avoid a collision .
The Navy later released video of that incident .
All About U.S. Navy Activities • China
he weekends are usually pretty quiet but here is a cool case mod by quangDX and DuPPs .
Using the Super Nintendo and the Acer Aspire One A150 , they have created a SNES PC Case Mod .
The controller ports have been converted to USB adapters ( via a faux controller cable ) , the cartridge is a CD drive and the cables are plugged in through the back .
There is a webcam and mic as well , a small hole was driving in front of the Super Mario World cartridge for the webcam lens and the microphone is mounted right at the front of the SNES in the center of the front vent .
Check out some of the images below .
Information on how the case was created can be found on Asobitech and special thanks to Gamerlimit for the great find .
Useful Resources :
Amy Finkelstein , an economist at MIT , has found evidence of what many people suspect - highway tolls increase when enough motorists use electronic tolling ( her study puts the critical fraction of EZ - Pass holders at 60 % of motorists , and the resulting increase in tolls at 20 - 40 % . )
The likely explanation , she finds , is that it is politically easier to raise tolls when fewer people are aware of their value , and EZ - Pass holders do n't pay as much attention to the toll prices as people who are forced to hand over cash for every trip ( think about people 's attitudes at the gas pump , which Dan Ariely analyzes in this July 2008 op - ed for the New York Times and in his book Predictably Irrational ) .
Finkelstein 's technical paper is available here .
ITV has ended weeks of speculation about the future of fantasy action drama Primeval by confirming today that it will not be making another series of the show .
The announcement from ITV appears to scupper a rescue plan hatched by Impossible Pictures , the independent producer of Primeval , to keep the show alive by sharing the cost with a multichannel broadcaster .
ITV has now decided against commissioning a fourth series .
The third run launched with 5.3 million viewers in April .
" After three very successful series of Primeval there are no plans at the present time for it to return to ITV .
High - quality drama remains a key part of the ITV schedule although our current focus is on post - watershed productions , " an ITV spokesman said .
The ITV director of television , channels and online , Peter Fincham , had been weighing the future of the series in recent weeks .
Impossible Pictures is understood to have presented ITV with a proposal that could have seen the fourth series of the Saturday evening drama premiere on a digital channel before airing on ITV1 later .
It was understood that the Sci Fi channel was being eyed as a potential home for the show .
The series stars Ben Miller and the former S Club 7 singer Hannah Spearritt and follows a group of scientists investigating prehistoric and futuristic creatures that enter the present through anomalies in time .
It is relatively expensive because of all its CGI effects .
ITV has been looking to cut costs on a range of its shows following the slashing of its programme budget because of declining advertising revenues .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
" The patterns are becoming more intricate with every find and it is exciting to think how they are going to evolve by the time we get to 2012 . "
My son - in - law used the toilet and when he flushed it got clogged .
It finally went down , however , it is not flushing properly and there is some gurgling .
Now I know that there must be some blockage down in the pipe somewhere .
We have flushed numerous times and I have even plunged numerous times , but it just is n't sounding like it should .
Advertisement
I have the type of toilet that has two sides to press when you flush and it goes down really fast and hard .
So I know that it 's not doing what it should be doing .
I do n't have a snake ; is there something else I can do or use to break up a huge poop ?
Excrement in the Late Middle Ages : Sacred Filth and Chaucer ’s Fecopoetics
“ This interdisciplinary book integrates the historical practices regarding material excrement and its symbolic representation ( …) Filth in all its manifestations — material ( including privies , dung on fields , and as alchemical ingredient ) , symbolic ( sin , misogynist slander , and theological wrestling with the problem of filth in sacred contexts ) and ( … ) , it helps us to see how excrement is vital to understanding the Middle Ages . ”
Cooking With Pooh
“ This perfect combination of a book and activity in a reusable box offers simple , step - by - step directions for making cookies on sticks , pizzas and sandwiches , edible holiday ornaments , and more .
Includes a set of four character - shaped cookie cutters . ”
Anybody Can Be Cool– But Awesome Takes Practice
“ Thirteen weeks of challenging and inspiring readings encourage young people to apply the power of their faith and value in Christ to the issues facing them at school , at work , with friends and family . ”
How to Talk About Books You Have n’t Read
“ A French literature professor on how to solve a classic problem : so many books , so little time . ”
Are Women Human ? : And Other International Dialogues
“ More than half a century after the Universal Declaration of Human Rights defined what a human being is and is entitled to , Catharine MacKinnon asks :
Are women human yet ? ”
Foreskin ’s Lament : A Memoir
“ Auslander , a magazine writer , describes his Orthodox Jewish upbringing as theological abuse in this sardonic , twitchy memoir that waits for the other shoe to drop from on high . ”
The 2009 - 2014 World Outlook for 60 - Milligram Containers of Fromage Frais
“ This econometric study covers the world outlook for 60 - milligram containers of fromage frais across more than 200 countries .
For each year reported , estimates are given for the latent demand , or potential industry earnings ( P.I.E. ) , for the country in question ( in millions of U.S. dollars ) , the percent share the country is of the region and of the globe . ”
Curbside Consultation of the Colon
“ Are you looking for concise , practical answers to questions that are often left unanswered by traditional medical searches ?
(…) Curbside Consultation of the Colon : 49 Clinical Questions provides quick and direct answers to the thorny questions commonly posed during a ‘ curbside consultation ’ between colleagues . “
Do n’t Tell Mom I Work on the Rigs : She Thinks I ’m a Piano Player in a Whorehouse
“ Carter has been shot at , hijacked and held hostage , almost died of dysentery in Asia and toothache in Russia , watched a Texan lose his mind in the jungles of Asia , lost a lot of money backing a scorpion against a mouse in a fight to the death , and served cocktails by an orangutan on an ocean freighter .
Carter has worked and gotten into trouble with some of the maddest , baddest and strangest people you could ever hope not to meet . ”
Who Cares About Elderly People ?
“ The Who Cares series helps us to learn about ourselves , our world and our responsibilities , and fosters caring , sharing and loving instincts . ”
Games You Can Play With Your Pussy
Including chapters such as “ How To Eat With Your Pussy ” , “ Nursing a Sick Pussy ” and of course “ Exercising Your Pussy ”
Screenplay by Nick Cave ( The Proposition ) .
Trivia :
Russell Crowe to Empire ( AU ) : “ At first I was very cynical about that notion [ of a Gladiator sequel ] , but I ’ve come around on it .
We ’ve had other ideas too , where we step off into the metaphysical and you actually acknowledge the fact that Maximus is dead [ laughs ] , but that is a hard script to write .
Nick Cave actually wrote a draft for me and Ridley [ Scott ] at one point .
He ’s an excellent writer , man .
Nick did this draft and Ridley and I considered it for a while . ”
In a nutshell :
One of the most amazing , out - of - left - field screenplays I have ever read .
Detailed Synopsis :
EXT .
Dark Wilderness , a storm rages .
We follow two thieves as they stumble across the body of a Gladiator lying in the mud .
They strip it of its armor and weaponry .
One of the men suddenly goes silent ; a large spear is embedded in his spine .
As the other man flees , he turns to see the dead Gladiator rising :
It is MAXIMUS … gasping for air , frantic and disoriented .
A middle - aged man steps out of the shadows to assist .
He introduces himself as MOREDECAI .
He says that he ’s been waiting for Maximus to arrive since watching him die in the Coliseum yesterday .
Maximus says that he has no time for riddles .
Mordecai responds that he has all eternity .
Cut to : Maximus makes his way through a wheat field , his wife and son ( MARIA and MARIUS ) stand beneath a giant poplar in the distance .
A storm hits , heavy rain obscuring his vision .
A fantastic bolt of lightning strikes the poplar .
He violently awakens .
Mordecai approaches and explains that there is something he needs to show him .
As they walk , Maximus stresses that he must locate his family .
Mordecai tells him that there are those who search and those have given up the search .
Over eternity , the former eventually become the latter .
They approach the edge of a cliff …
Beneath them in the valley : an encampment bordering a pitch - black sea , filled with the infinite numbers of the damned , stretching endlessly to eternity .
They descend .
While making their way through the camp , Mordecai breaks up a fight between two women .
He ’s something of a peacekeeper here .
In return for his services , the Gods allow him to return to Rome ( in spectral form ) for brief visits .
In the midst of their conversation , the crowd explodes with excitement .
In the distance : a lone man glides along the darkened sea on a small boat .
Thousands pour into the water shouting “ Elysium ! ” as the boat disappears into the fog .
Mordecai pronounces them fools for believing there is any escape .
The two make their way to a massive , ruined temple near the encampment .
Maximus enters and finds the Roman Gods ( Jupiter , Apollo , Pluto , Neptune , Mars , Mercury , and Bacchus ) who mock his predicament .
Still , they offer a deal : their brother , Hephaestos , has run off to the desert filled with bad ideas .
He is gathering apostates / fanatics and slowly amassing a power greater than their own .
As a result , they ’ve aged … grown weak and diseased .
They want Maximus to seek out Hephaestos and kill him .
In exchange , they will reunite him with his family .
Maximus bolts out of the temple without saying a word .
Mordecai warns him that the Gods are lying .
He can not be reunited with his wife because she sacrificed her place in Elysium to allow their son to cheat death .
Marius was resurrected and returned to Earth ( specifically Rome ) where he lives out his days .
As for Maria … she could be anywhere in the netherworld , but will never be found .
Maximus refuses to listen and heads off .
In the desert , he has a vision of his wife .
He gives chase as she leads him to a bloodied , dying stag entangled in brambles .
He attempts to free it , but the animal ’s wounds are too severe .
Maria ’s voice pleads “ help us ” as the stag takes its final breath and dies in his arms .
Maximus locates Hephaestos ’ camp to find it completely abandoned , save for the man himself .
Left for dead by his followers , Hephaestos explains that the masses have lost faith in the Roman Gods .
As result , they ’re dying .
There is only one true God and their time has rightfully passed .
Maximus asks about his son .
Hephaestos stresses that he is in great danger and needs his father ’s assistance .
As they lock eyes , the Gladiator is transported …
… back to the world of the living .
Maximus rises out of the body of a dying Christian is the midst of a massacre in Lyons .
It ’s a mob scene , dozens of Christians being beaten / hacked to death by The Emperor ’s forces .
Seeing an elderly Bishop on the verge of being slaughtered , Maximus grabs a weapon and beings hacking away at the attackers .
He ’s overwhelmed by the crowd and restrained .
Before the killing blow is delivered : an unseen voice orders a stay .
25 - year - old LUCIUS ( Connie Nielson ’s son from the original ) approaches .
Lucius asks the rebel his name …he has seen him before .
Maximus does not answer , but pleads for the Bishop ’s life to be spared .
Lucius responds by nonchalantly decapitating the old man .
He orders the guards to kill Maximus , but he manages to escape .
Down the road , he encounters two men ( PETER and MARCUS ) who ask for his help .
He follows them to a sanctuary where their leader ( IRENAEUS ) gives Maximus a brief history of their predicament : Lucius and the Emperor seek to put down Christianity … to wipe it from the world .
The Christians need help in alerting their Rome - based leader ( a schoolteacher named CASSIAN ) that the Empire is on the verge of locating him .
Maximus refuses and heads off in search of his son .
Along the path to the city , he finds a family of butchered Christians .
He ’s approached by the ghost of Mordecai who explains that his failure to kill Hephaestos has resulted in permanent banishment to Earth .
Maximus seems unconcerned by this .
After arriving in Rome , he checks into an inn where several folks seem to recognize him …
At the palace , Emperor DECIUS scolds Lucius regarding his bloodthirsty methods .
Lucius defends himself by explaining that ( in his mind ) their empire is dying .
Plague , famine , earthquakes , the great granaries of Rome destroyed by inundations … all result from the anger of the Gods .
The Christians mock their divinity and must be destroyed .
Their leader must be found .
The Emperor reveals that a census is being taken .
Anyone who is Christian will be arrested and be provided with an opportunity to recant .
If not , they will be put to death in the Coliseum in a spectacular fashion .
“ The people will be entertained ” .
Meanwhile , a large gathering of Roman Christians discuss aforementioned census .
Several propose standing up and fighting back .
Maximus enters : tells them its suicide .
They ask who he is ; he responds that he was once a Roman soldier .
One of the men steps forward : “ You served the devil himself ” .
It is MARIUS , who proposes killing the intruder .
They share some heated words before the gathering is broken up .
Maximus rages to Mordecai that his own son does not recognize him .
We find Lucius walking the halls of the palace .
He passes the bust of certain famous Roman General and halts in his tracks .
A haunted look crosses his face .
Maximus locates the Christian leader , Cassian and offers his help .
Cassian apologizes for the actions of his student , Marius , last night .
His adopted son has a hot temper on occasion .
He relates a tale of how he found Marius alone in a sick ward as a little boy , no parents to speak of .
Maximus heads back to the inn to find a pack of groupies .
“ He walks ! ” they exclaim .
One of the gathered is JUBA ( Djimon Hounsou ’s character ) .
They embrace , drink and catch up … Juba listens , dumbfounded .
He presents Maximus with a gift : the totemic figurines of Marius and Maria buried at the end of the first film .
He recently retrieved them after learning that the Emperor will be flooding the Coliseum for a match involving alligators .
Maximus thanks him .
We cut to Lucius torturing a family to uncover Cassian ’s identity .
The next morning : Marius walks through the city .
He ’s confronted by two young men who mock his faith .
As the confrontation turns physical , Maximus steps from the shadows and beats the attackers to a pulp .
Father and son have a nice conversation in which Marius compares Maximus to the Apostle Paul : a violent man who converted after hearing Christ ’s voice , becoming God ’s chosen instrument .
The two speak of their families : Marius discusses his birth father ’s constant absence .
Maximus describes the pain of leaving his wife and child , particularly his son … Marius .
Marius arrives at school just in time to see Lucius and his men enter .
They announce their intent to arrest the Christian leader .
Seeing a fish necklace on Cassian , Lucius rips it away and delivers a nice bit of dialogue :
LUCIUS
You are students , are you not ?
Scholars ?
Learned young men ?
Then , answer me this : Does Rome stand deep - fixed and deathless as in the time of the great Caesars ?
No . I think not .
Does she prowl the world , hungry and fearless and all - power ?
Again … I think not .
Do the Gods sit mighty and well - pleased in the Heavens and bestow on her , her just rewards ?
No and again , no … I think not .
Rome weeps and this little fish swims in her tears .
A fish …a little fish … hidden around an old man ’s neck .
The earthquakes that have ripped this mighty empire asunder … charge this little fish .
The infernal plagues and disease ?
The hellish pestilence that ravages our land ?
Charge this little fish …
The diabolical rage of the Gods ?
I say again … CHARGE THIS FISH .
And charge the one that wears it !
The man here spits n the eyes of the gods themselves !
He is the enemy of us all !
Lucius stabs Cassian to death .
Marius escapes and heads directly for Maximus , asking for his help in creating an army .
Several short training / recruitment scenes follow .
Later , Maximus and Lucius have a brief face to face meeting ( short excerpt follows ) :
LUCIUS
Forgive me , Maximus , but I am confused … about many things .
As a boy …as a little boy … I watched a Roman General who became a gladiator bring down the very heavens upon his foes .
When he died , I stood by my other and we wept , and all of Rome wept with us .
He was a solider …a great warrior .
Yet , he stands before me now .
How can this be ?
MAXIMUS
Do not despair .
You will see the heavens some tumbling down again .
We cut to The Coliseum , teeming with thousands of cheering Romans .
The grounds are completely flooded with several ships battling hundreds of alligators with fireballs and arrows ( note : did Cave ask Michael Bay for guidance on this ? )
Lucius speaks with the Decius and informs him that the Christians are forming an army under a resurrected Maximus .
The Emperor gives permission to crush them .
Maximus ’ army heads for the forest .
Father and son share a brief conversation : the truth of their relationship is unspoken , but seemingly recognized by both .
Lucius and an army of hundreds approach .
A massive battle ensues .
Lucius kills Juba .
Enraged , Maximus cuts Lucius to pieces .
As readies to deliver the killing stroke , Lucius drops his sword and seems to accept his fate : “ Only at your hands , Maximus ” .
An arrow then explodes through Lucius ’ neck , fired by Marius .
A storm hits , the heavens explode with rage .
Marius falls to knees and bellows : “ Oh lord what have we done ? ” Maximus kneels as well , rubs dirt between his fingers .
We intercut the following with shots of the dying stag from earlier in the film :
– Middle Eastern Battlefield : Maximus stands surrounded by hundreds of Crusaders as they battle a Muslim army .
Everyone dies around him , only Maximus remains untouched .
– Europe : Maximus battles tanks in World War 2 .
– Vietnam : Maximus battles Vietcong with a flamethrower .
– The Pentagon , Present Day : Maximus washing his hands in a men ’s room sink .
He stars at himself in the mirror …reflecting .
Mordecai stands behind him …whispers : “ Until eternity itself has said it ’s prayers . ”
Maximus exits ; proceeds into a large war room containing a dozen men in suits .
– The edge of a black hole : Maximus commands a futuristic , 3 - story tall space suit .
The machine ’s giant titanium claws grip the side of a planet - size starship .
Maximus leans back , kicks off the hull and simultaneously opens fire on 10,000 amorphic creatures as they bear down on him .
( ok , I made that last one up )
Fade to black .
What works :
After being prepared to write this off as some sort of misguided oddity , I ’m surprised to say this is an absolutely exceptional script .
Once the initial “ what the f**k am I reading ? ! ” wore off , I really came to savor everything about it .
Cave ’s writing , the storyline , the dialogue … it ’s Grade - A material through and through .
While there are DEEP , CRITICAL flaws with this as a sequel , nearly every problem I have with the story could be corrected by spinning it off as something stand - alone .
– Despite a sense that Maximus ’ journey in this film repeats many of the same beats of the original : he ’s still written to perfection .
It ’s very easy to imagine Crowe scoring another Oscar with what Cave gave him to work with .
– The idea of a damned Maximus paying for his transgressions against the Gods by serving as an eternal warrior is fantastic stuff .
The final scene is particularly heartbreaking .
It also opens things up for more sequels ( kidding ) .
– From Cave ’s descriptions of the vast netherworld to a highly - ambitious , crocodile - packed battle sequence : Ridley Scott would have had a blast shooting this .
What does n’t work :
- This is not a reflection on the quality of the piece , but I ’m not really interested in seeing a sequel to Gladiator featuring elements of mythology and the supernatural .
They were n’t present in the first film and they simply feel out of place here .
It ’s like making an action - packed follow - up to Schindler ’s List with a cryogenically - frozen Liam Neeson helping to save a doomed alien species 10,000 years in the future .
Sure , there might be an interesting story there … but it does n’t make sense given the pre-established universe .
- The script renders most of the original film moot .
Maximus ’ struggles , quest for vengeance and ultimate ( if hollow ) victory were for nothing .
It ’s an Alien 3 redux .
The idea of JUBA digging up the “ graves ” of Maximus ’ wife and child seems to be a ( deliberate ? ) metaphor for the sequel .
The poignancy of the original ’s ending is essentially desecrated .
– While I enjoyed Lucius ’ dialogue , he ’s essentially a carbon copy of Joaquin Phoenix ’s character .
He needs an identity of his own .
– To cut down on the sheer number of resurrections , I would have let Marius rest in peace , created a new villain and swapped Lucius in as a surrogate son for Maximus .
– Marius is a little underwritten .
Outside his mysterious past and relationship with Maximus , there ’s not much to him .
– Battle scenes seem a bit underwritten ( example : the climax is literally 2 - 3 paragraphs in the script ) although I attribute that more to this being a first draft than anything else .
I ’m sure they would have been more fleshed out in future revisions .
In a nutshell :
So wrong , yet so right .
I love it as a standalone screenplay but hate it as a sequel to Gladiator .
Baby Boomers wasted their peak earning years in the late 90s and 2000s buying second homes and running up enormous debt .
Now that the economy has crashed , they will delay retirement and keep the generation behind them from getting promoted into the management jobs the Boomers have been hogging for the past two decades .
Of course , once we finally pry the good jobs from the Boomers ' withered , liver - spotted hands , they will get to work sending the Social Security and Medicare systems into arrears .
So we 've got lots to look forward to !
The most irresponsible generation in history spent much of the 2009 college commencement season apologizing for their terrible behavior and exhorting new graduates to just do the opposite of whatever they did .
Like typical Boomers , however , they did n't spend a lot of time talking about what they 'd do to fix the chaos they created .
Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , 60 years old , told the graduating class of Butler University last month that boomers have been " self - absorbed , self - indulgent and all too often just plain selfish . "
New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman , 55 , told Grinnell College graduates in Iowa that his was " the grasshopper generation , eating through just about everything like hungry locusts . "
And Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet , at 44 barely a boomer himself , told seniors at Colorado College that the national creed of one generation standing on the shoulders of the next was at risk " because our generation has not been faithful enough to our grandparents ' example . "
Even when they castigate themselves , they 're smug .
On the plus side , the aging population of Boomers might finally bring us the healthcare reform we 've needed for decades .
Because they 're such a large and politically active voting bloc , they tend to get what they want when it comes to legislation .
And now that they 're old enough to really start needing good healthcare -- healthcare that does n't depend on having an employer -- maybe America 's most self - serving generation will have the chance to push for reforms that benefit the whole country .
The famed demographer and professional commencement speaker Sara K. Smith writes for NBC and Wonkette .
Some cools things I 've noticed in Emacs 23 [ May .
10th , 2009 | 06:14 pm ]
Richard Lewis set - fill - column no longer requires a prefix argument .
So where I used to have to do C-u 100 RET C-x f I can now just do C-x f RET 100 RET which is much more semantically pleasing .
Tab completion now fills in blanks where it can unambiguously .
So for example , C-x C-f nesc - in TAB will complete to nesc - workshop - invitation .
txt .
A slightly weird one is that , for wrapped lines , next - line ( C - n or pressing the down arrow ) instead of moving the cursor to the next line of the buffer ( as it used to ) now moves the cursor to the next line on the screen , even if it 's within the same line of the buffer .
Similarly for previous - line .
The result is that Emacs now behaves a bit more like GUI text editors ( such as Kate and Gedit ) .
It 's quite easy to get used to but was a bit of shock when I first noticed it .
Anti-aliased fonts in Gtk Emacs are very lovely indeed :-)
HR 2835 , known as the Medical Marijuana Patient Protection Act , would do a couple very common - sensical things .
Firstly , it would alter the schedules set forth by the Controlled Substances
Act by moving pot from a Schedule I drug ( evil with no redeeming properties ) to Schedule II ( evil but with potential medical applications ) .
Furthermore , it would prohibit the federal government from interfering with states that approve medical marijuana programs .
Hardly his first foray into drug law legislation , last year , Frank sponsored the " Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act , " which would have legalized possession of up to 100 grams of weed ( if it had n’t been buried in subcommittee and scattered to the winds ) .
So , what makes the new bill any more promising ?
We know that there is widespread and unprecedented support for saner marijuana law .
We know that our administration has expressed interest in protecting state sovereignty from federal encroachment in matters of weed .
We know that supporters of progressive drug policy range across the entire conceivable political spectrum .
And , since this is n’t Frank ’s first time riding the weed regulation rodeo , we know that he has given this bill every chance to succeed .
The wording of the bill is very middle - of - the - road and does n’t smack of any controversy .
To oppose it , a rival congressman would have to start spouting quotes from his Reefer Madness Propaganda handbook .
And that is becoming a less popular play all the time .
Ever the self - depricator , Representative Frank once said :
I ’m used to being in the minority .
I ’m a left - handed , gay , Jew .
Over the life and career of this prolific legislator , the political landscape has changed so dramatically that on the weed issue , Barney Frank is finally in the majority .
( PHOTO CREDIT : GETTY IMAGES )
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
As drugs and related violence from Mexico continue to infect 230 cities in the United States , some politicians , economists , and even drug law enforcement leaders say legalizing drugs may be the answer .
One Texas city councilman tells CNN " it 's the least worst option to ending cartel violence . "
He says decriminalizing drugs would take away a lot of the financial incentive for the cartels to kill .
Arizona 's Attorney General says 60 percent of the battle is marijuana - and he 's called for " at least a rational discussion " on ways to take the profit out of weed .
Some insist legalizing drugs like pot would help our economy .
One California congresswoman says it would pump $ 1 billion into her state 's budget alone every year .
A senior economics lecturer at Harvard says federal , state and local governments spend $ 44 billion a year to enforce drug prohibition .
If drugs were legal , they could be making about $ 33 billion per year in tax revenue .
Jeffrey Miron describes how prohibition creates violence because it drives the drug market underground .
He says the same was true with alcohol ; and is also the case for illegal gambling or prostitution .
He says prohibition of drugs also corrupts politicians and law enforcement , which is why bribery , threats and kidnapping are common for industries that are prohibited ; but rare in other cases .
But critics say the consequences of legalizing drugs would far outweigh the benefits .
Some focus on the moral and health related concerns about drug use .
One former special agent for the federal Drug Enforcement Administration told CNN " No way .
We would lose a generation . "
Some wonder if drug use itself can cause violent behavior ; and others are n't sure if decriminalization would make much of a difference in the Mexican drug war .
However , the country has managed to survive the repeal of Prohibition almost 80 years ago .
Here ’s my question to you :
Is it time for the U.S. to legalize drugs ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Kevin from the Netherlands writes :
Let American politicians ask us here in the Netherlands how we are successfully dealing with the drug problem .
Most of the junkies here are foreigners who are not free to smoke weed in their countries .
Check the crime statistics in America and the Netherlands , then I ’ll leave the answer to you .
C. from Tampa , Florida writes :
We seem to be running out of ideas on how to make money .
Legalizing and taxing the hell out of some softer drugs like marijuana could bring us considerable amounts of money .
Danny from Williamsburg , Kentucky writes :
Absolutely not .
You do n't legalize murder or rape because they keep happening , nor should you legalize drugs .
Drugs put us all in danger , not just from the violence that surrounds them , but because of their adverse effects on society .
Do not trade one evil for another .
Jacob writes :
Only somebody who 's high could think that fighting this " war " has been effective .
I do n't do drugs , and I do n't support doing so , but we 've got to realize that everything is n't in our control .
For now , we 're only burning dollars .
Mark from Columbus , Ohio writes :
Jack ,
It seems like more and more people are calling for this rational discussion , so why is Obama laughing off the question like it ’s some sort of joke ?
There have been many studies showing broad potential savings from a legal Cannibus plant and also broad potential earnings , including from taxes , industrial , textile , and biofuel resources .
Maybe if Obama would sit down and " relax " for a few minutes , someone could explain to him some of the benefits that are n't necessarily recreational .
Bill writes :
I do n't agree with the legalization of drugs .
I do agree with the legalization of marijuana .
Dean from Modesto , California writes :
You are on the right track , Jack .
We have to keep in mind that the " demonization " of drugs came from the federal government ’s " easy " solution to something that they did n't want to bother on figuring out how to tax .
R. writes :
If Palin becomes president , yes .
Getting to the Truth About World War II
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis
METZ , France — President Barack Obama ’s visit to Normandy to commemorate the 65th anniversary of D - Day makes us think about the entire course of World War II , and the lingering propaganda or myths that still becloud it .
As a former instructor of military history and lover of history , let me address four of these myths that are particularly annoying and misleading :
First , France ’s army did not simply surrender or run away in 1940 , as ignorant American Know - Nothing conservatives claim .
The German Blitz that smote France on May — June , 1940 , scattering its armies like leaves before a storm , was a historical revolution in warfare .
Blitzkrieg combined rapidly - moving armor and mobile infantry , precision dive - bombing , flexible logistical support , and new high technologies in C3 — command , control and communications .
In 1940 , Germany led the world in technology : 75 % of all technical books were then written in German .
France ’s armies and generals , trained to re-fight World War I , were overwhelmed by lightening warfare .
France was then still a largely agricultural society .
Blitzkrieg — now adopted by all major modern armed forces — was designed to strike an enemy ’s brain rather than body , paralyzing his ability to manage large forces or to fight .
The Germans called it their " silver bullet . "
Indeed it was .
France still relied on couriers to deliver vital information .
Germany was the world ’s leader in mobile radio communications .
Amazingly , the French commander in chief , Gen. Gamelin , did not even have a telephone in his HQ outside Paris .
Britain ’s well - trained expeditionary force in France was beaten just as quickly and thoroughly as the French , and saved itself only by abandoning its French allies and fleeing across the Channel .
No army in the world at that time could have withstood Germany ’s blitzkrieg , planned by the brilliant Erich von Manstein , and led by the audacious Heinz Guderian , and Erwin Rommel — three of modern history ’s greatest generals .
They were also incredibly lucky .
Just one bomb on a German bridge over the Meuse , or one impassable traffic jam in the Ardennes forest could have meant the difference between victory and defeat .
The French had temporarily moved some of their weakest reserve units just into the sector the Germans struck .
It was , as Wellington said after Waterloo , a damned close run thing .
Germany ’s new , fluid tactics shattered France ’s armies .
They were unable to reform their lines in spite of often fierce resistance .
The fast - moving German panzers were constantly behind them .
Retreat under fire is the most difficult and perilous of all military operations .
After six weeks , and a stab in the back by Mussolini ’s Italy , France ’s armies had disintegrated .
France lost 217,000 dead and 400,000 wounded .
Compare that to America ’s loss of 416,000 dead during four years of war in the Pacific and Europe .
At least France did not suffer the 2 million dead it lost in World War I .
Germany losses : 46,000 killed in action , 121,000 wounded , and 1,000 aircraft .
By comparison , the US , British and Canadians lost some 10,000 dead and wounded at D - Day .
Second , the forts of France ’s Maginot Line were not tactically outflanked , as myth has it .
The Germans struck NW of the Line ’s end , through the Belgian / French Ardennes Forest , a route anticipated by the French Army which held war games there in 1939 .
The immobile French field army failed , not the Maginot Line .
It may have been too costly , tied down too many men , and came to symbolize France ’s defensive attitude , but the Great Wall of France fulfilled its designated mission .
The Line was intended to only defend the coal and steel industries of Alsace and Lorraine , which it did .
The Germans concluded an attack on the Line would be too costly , and opted for a different route — through Belgium .
But the high water table of Flanders and France ’s aversion to building forts behind its Belgian ally left the Franco - Belgian border with only scanty fixed defenses .
Ironically , after the German breakthrough at Sedan on the Meuse , a French corps held in reserve to cover this vital sector moved east to the Stenay Gap to protect the Maginot Line ’s left flank , opening the way for Guderian ’s panzers to fan out to the NW behind French lines .
The second largest amphibious operation in Western Europe during WWII was the totally forgotten German crossing under fire of the Rhine in June , 1940 .
The crews of the unconquered Maginot forts held out until the armistice .
Those who mock France for building forts that were supposedly " outflanked " should know the " impregnable " modern US fortifications at Manila , and Britain ’s Fortress Singapore , were both taken from the rear by the Imperial Japanese Army .
Germany ’s much - vaunted " Westwall " and coastal defenses fared no better .
Third — Germany ’s Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe were crushed well before D - Day .
In commemorating the war , we must remember to salute the courage and valor of Russia ’s dauntless soldiers and pilots who , like German soldiers , fought magnificently albeit for criminal regimes .
World War II in Europe was not won just at D - Day , as popular myth has it .
Germany ’s army and air force were broken on the Eastern Front ’s titanic battles .
The numbers speak for themselves .
The Soviets destroyed 75 — 80 % of all German divisions — 4 million soldiers — and most of the Luftwaffe .
Russia lost at least 14 million soldiers and a similar number of civilians .
The Red Army destroyed 507 Axis divisions .
On the Western Front after D - Day , the Allies destroyed 176 badly under - strength German divisions .
When the Allies landed in Normandy , they met battered German forces with no air cover , crippled by lack of fuel and supplies , unable to move in daytime .
Even so , the Germans fought like tigers .
Had the invading US , British and Canadians encountered the 1940 ’s Wehrmacht and Luftwaffe , the outcome may well have been different .
Fourth — World War II was not a good and evil struggle between " western democracies " and " totalitarian powers , " as we are still wrongly taught .
It was a world conflict over land and resources pitting the British Empire which controlled 25 % of the entire globe , the French Empire , Dutch Empire , and Belgian Empire , and , later , the US imperium ( Philippines , Pacific possessions , Cuba , Central America ) , against the Italian and Japanese empires .
The Soviet Union was an empire unto itself .
In 1939 , the only major powers without colonies — that were not imperial powers — were Germany ( who lost her few colonies in World War I ) and China .
Once the war ended , Britain and Holland , who complained mightily about the evils of Nazi occupation , scrambled to reoccupy their former colonies , some of which had declared independence .
One can hardly call this a crusade for freedom .
Liberation for the white people of German - occupied Europe , certainly .
But not for the peoples of Africa and Asia .
However , in the end , the war did set in motion forces that would eventually spell the end of colonialism .
The collapse of the British Empire , which Winston Churchill had vowed to defend at all costs , opened the way to worldwide decolonization .
We should not forget all this .
Eric Margolis Archives
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
IN seeking to make the new search engine Bing as much a part of the popular culture as “ bada bing , ” Bing Crosby or Stanley Bing , Microsoft is buying prominent placement for bing.com inside television shows and the online video hub Hulu .
The effort to weave advertising for Bing into content , known as branded entertainment , is intended to complement an elaborate traditional campaign , which began on Wednesday with commercials created by the JWT unit of WPP .
The Microsoft Corporation is estimated to be spending $ 80 million to $ 100 million on ads to help establish Bing as a viable alternative to the 800 - pound gorilla of search , Google .
It is the most recent of several attempts by Microsoft  all flops  to become a significant factor in search , where ad spending has held up better than in most other media .

“ It ’s a very tall marketing challenge and a very tall product challenge , ” acknowledged Yusuf Mehdi , senior vice president for the online services division of Microsoft in Redmond , Wash .
[ 2005 - October -01 20:15 ]
Tim Bray describes why Unicode and UTF - 8 are wonderful much better than I could , so go read that for an overview of what Unicode is , and why all your programs should support it .
What I 'm going to tell you is how to use Unicode , and specifically UTF - 8 , with one of the coolest programming languages , Python , but I have also written an introduction to Using Unicode in C / C ++.
Python has good support for Unicode , but there are a few tricks that you need to be aware of .
I spent more than a few hours learning these tricks , and I 'm hoping that by reading this you wo n't have to .
This is a very quick and dirty introduction .
If you need in depth knowledge , or need to learn about Unicode in Java or Windows , see Unicode for Programmers .
[ Updated 2015 - 09 - 28 : Warning :
This should still be accurate for Python 2 ( email if not ) , but if you are using Python 3 , this is probably not correct because it handles strings differently . ]
There are two types of strings in Python : byte strings and Unicode strings .
As you may have guessed , a byte string is a sequence of bytes .
When needed , Python uses your computer 's default locale to convert the bytes into characters .
On Mac OS X , the default locale is actually UTF - 8 , but everywhere else , the default is probably ASCII .
This creates a byte string :
byteString = " hello world !
( in my default locale ) "
And this creates a Unicode string :
unicodeString = u" hello Unicode world ! "
Convert a byte string into a Unicode string and back again :
s = " hello byte string " u = unicode ( s ) backToBytes = u.encode ( )
The previous code uses your default character set to perform the conversions .
However , relying on the locale 's character set is a bad idea , since your application is likely to break as soon as someone from Thailand tries to run it on their computer .
In most cases it is probably better to explicitly specify the encoding of the string :
s = " hello normal string " u = unicode ( s , " utf - 8 " ) backToBytes = u.encode ( " utf - 8 " )
Now , the byte string s will be treated as a sequence of UTF - 8 bytes to create the Unicode string u .
The next line stores the UTF - 8 representation of u in the byte string backToBytes .
Thankfully , everything in Python is supposed to treat Unicode strings identically to byte strings .
However , you need to be careful in your own code when testing to see if an object is a string .
Do not do this :
if isinstance ( s , str ) : # BAD : Not true for Unicode strings !
Instead , use the generic string base class , basestring :
if isinstance ( s , basestring ) : # True for both Unicode and byte strings
Reading UTF - 8 Files
You can manually convert strings that you read from files , however there is an easier way :
import codecs fileObj = codecs.open ( " some File " , " r " , " utf - 8 " ) u = fileObj.read ( )
# Returns a Unicode string from the UTF - 8 bytes in the file
The codecs module will take care of all the conversions for you .
You can also open a file for writing and it will convert the Unicode strings you pass in to write into whatever encoding you have chosen .
However , take a look at the note below about the byte - order marker ( BOM ) .
I use the minidom module for my XML needs mostly because I am familiar with it .
Unfortunately , it only handles byte strings so you need to encode your Unicode strings before passing them to minidom functions .
For example :
import xml.dom.minidom xmlData = u " < français > Comment ça va ?
Très bien ?</ français > " dom = xml.dom.minidom.parseString ( xmlData )
The last line raises an exception : UnicodeEncodeError : ' ascii ' codec can't encode character ' \ue7 ' in position 5 : ordinal not in range ( 128 ) .
To work around this error , encode the Unicode string into the appropriate format before passing it to minidom , like this :
import xml.dom.minidom xmlData = u " < français > Comment ça va ?
Très bien ?</ français > " dom = xml.dom.minidom.parseString ( xmlData.encode ( " utf - 8 " ) )
Minidom can handle any format of byte string , such as Latin - 1 or UTF - 16 .
However , it will only work reliably if the XML document has an encoding declaration ( eg. < ?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " Latin - 1 " ? > ) .
If the encoding declaration is missing , minidom assumes that it is UTF - 8 .
In is a good habit to include an encoding declaration on all your XML documents , in order to guarantee compatability on all systems .
When you get XML out of minidom by calling dom.toxml ( ) or dom.toprettyxml( ) , minidom returns a Unicode string .
You can also pass in an additional encoding = " utf - 8 " parameter to get an encoded byte string , perfect for writing out to a file .
UTF - 8 files sometimes start with a byte - order marker ( BOM ) to indicate that they are encoded in UTF - 8 .
This is commonly used on Windows .
On Mac OS X , applications ( eg. TextEdit ) ignore the BOM and remove it if the file is saved again .
The W3C HTML Validator warns that older applications may not be able to handle the BOM .
Unicode effectively ignores the marker , so it should not matter when reading the file .
You may wish to add this to the beginning of your files to determine if they are encoded in ASCII or UTF - 8 .
The codecs module provides the constant for you to do this :
out = file ( " some File " , " w " ) out . write ( codecs .
BOM_UTF8 ) out.write ( unicodeString.encode ( " utf - 8 " ) ) out.close ( )
You need to be careful when using the BOM and UTF - 8 .
Frankly , I think this is a bug in Python , but what do I know .
Python will decode the value of the BOM into a Unicode character , instead of ignoring it .
For example ( tested with Python 2.3 ) :
>>> codecs.BOM_UTF16.decode ( " utf16 " ) u ' ' >>> codecs.BOM_UTF8.decode ( " utf8 " ) u'\ufeff '
For UTF - 16 , Python decoded the BOM into an empty string , but for UTF - 8 , it decoded it into a character .
Why is there a difference ?
I think the UTF - 8 decoder should do the same thing as the UTF - 16 decoder and strip out the BOM .
However , it does n't , so you will probably need to detect it and remove it yourself , like this :
import codecs if s.beginswith ( codecs .BOM_UTF8 ) : #
The byte string s begins with the BOM : Do something .
#
For example , decode the string as UTF - 8 if u [ 0 ] == unicode ( codecs .
BOM_UTF8 , " utf8 " ) : #
The unicode string begins with the BOM : Do something .
#
For example , remove the character .
# Strip the BOM from the beginning of the Unicode string , if it exists u.lstrip ( unicode ( codecs .
BOM_UTF8 , " utf8 " ) )
Writing Python Scripts in Unicode
As you may have noticed from the examples on this page , you can actually write Python scripts in UTF - 8 .
Variables must be in ASCII , but you can include Chinese comments , or Korean strings in your source files .
In order for this to work correctly , Python needs to know that your script file is not ASCII .
You can do this in one of two ways .
First , you can place a UTF - 8 byte - order marker at the beginning of your file , if your editor supports it .
Secondly , you can place the following special comment in the first or second lines of your script :
# -*- coding : utf-8 -*-
Any ASCII - compatible encoding is permitted .
For details , see the Defining Python Source Code Encodings specification .
Other Resources
About The Author Sam Barnes is a Development Team Manager at Global Personals .
Although a little short for a Stormtrooper , he can be found posting articles at thesambarnes.com , … More about Sam Barnes …
4 Effective Strategies To Estimate Time For Your Design Projects
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
How many times have you been completely confused at how that ‘ small ’ project turned into such a big one costing double and taking three times the length you estimated ?
Many of you will say estimating time for web projects accurately is an oxymoron , but by applying a few effective techniques it ’s possible to dramatically increase the accuracy of most web project estimates .
How many times have you been completely confused at how that ‘ small ’ project turned into such a big one costing double and taking three times the length you estimated ?
Many of you will say estimating time for web projects accurately is an oxymoron , but by applying a few effective techniques it ’s possible to dramatically increase the accuracy of most web project estimates .
1. Why Underestimating Is So Common
There are several reasons , which are freely admitted amongst freelancers and web agencies , as to why web projects are so commonly underestimated - they include :
The technologies required by the project have never been used before
At the time of estimating , there are grey areas or complete unknowns
The client operates in a specialized industry and the solution needs bespoke features that are not familiar to the supplier
Splitting the project down into the detail would require as much as work as the requirements gathering phase that is chargeable
However , there are also some secret reasons why web projects are commonly underestimated :
The client needs an estimate for their project tomorrow or they will go elsewhere
Revenue needs for cash flow now trump the effects of not winning the new work now
No previous project ‘ estimated vs. actual ’ data analysis has been conducted to draw on
Estimating time for a project is not fun
Despite being true , rarely do we admit these reasons to others or even ourselves !
The fact is , when working as a web professional , as a one man band or as part of a small busy web team , the secret reasons are an everyday reality that should n’t be hidden away .
By first identifying and admitting why underestimating is so common , can you then set about implementing changes to your estimating process that will reduce the barriers each reason creates and increase your accuracy .
Technologies Not Used Before
There are three approaches you can take when confronted with a brief that requires a technology you have minimal experience with :
Negotiate a paid for functional specification phase as a first step Consider hiring an expert Research in your own time and make your best guess
Try to negotiate with the client a mini-project where you are paid to conduct a research and functional planning stage before committing to the whole project .
This way you can research the unfamiliar technology and deliver a functional specification to the client .
Best case scenario
You give the client confidence , have a much clearer understanding of the work required , re-estimate and are hired for the rest of the project .
Worst case
You have completed foundation learning of a technology you previously did n’t know that you can sell to new clients , you generate revenue and the client has a comprehensive specification they can use in their tender process .
Added bonus
You , and the client , get to find out how you work together , giving both the opportunity to part company before being locked into a lengthy project .
If you ’re not able to convince the client to pay for this initial functional planning stage , and ca n’t find a suitable expert in the technology , but want the work and have confidence in your ability and passion to learn what needs to be learnt , then the best advice is to do some initial research in your own time and just take your best guess !
Estimating Takes Too Long
Thorough web project estimating takes time , but it tends to inherit all the same rules that apply to coding , the more thorough you are , the more accurate you ’ll be .
Is it possible you will spend time working out the features required only to learn you have n’t won the work ?
Will you have given the client a free and detailed breakdown of their project for free ?
Absolutely , but this is the just nature of sales , some you win , some you lose - do n’t get disheartened , try to get feedback from the client on why you did n’t win and use the advice given to refine your next estimation .
Estimate Is Needed Tomorrow
If a client is demanding an estimate tomorrow after briefing you on the project today you should immediately try to assess if the project is right for you by :
Determining if the response rate being demanded by the client , and any previous communication , is a sign of the type of client they will be to work with Assessing if the potential gain to your business from the project ( high profile client or long - term repeat business ) is worth the risk of underestimating and going over budget Trying to confirm a ball park budget range with the client so you can estimate realistically , or politely decline if far too low .
The best kind of clients are experienced enough to know this is not someone looking to use up all their hard earned cash but someone looking to provide the best solution they can for the budget
If the results of these quick steps are favorable , be positive and go for it !
There will be another chance to decline if you later find out the project is not right for you , and then you may utter the words “ Into the garbage chute , flyboy ! ”
Cash Flow Dilemma
Cash flow is the life blood of any freelancer or small web agency , without they do n’t survive .
Occasionally a situation may arise where work will be taken on with the knowledge it may not be profitable .
As gut wrenching as this can be , and despite all the comments you will hear how you should never do this , the reality is the bills and wages have to be paid !
When a freelancer or business owner is presented with the choice of committing to a project for a price they know is low , but by taking on the project means they live to fight another month , or risking not taking on the work on in the hope more profitable leads appear - empathise with and respect them .
It is a tough and gutsy decision that only they can make but rest assured they have their bills or your wages at the forefront of their mind when they make it and estimating low for a project is n’t always as naive a decision as it may appear to those not on the frontline .
Estimating Is Not Fun
Ok , so it ’s not as sexy as adding that beautiful grunge effect to your design , and it ’s not as exciting as tweaking that jQuery plugin to work just the way you want , but estimating time for a web project more accurately is almost certainly more important than both when it comes to sustaining a freelance or small web agency business .
However , while few will disagree as to its importance , many will continually find it difficult to muster up the passion and diligently estimate time for a web project , but why !?
Here are more secret reasons :
It ’s hard work and takes many outside their comfort zone
Estimating usually has to be completed alongside your plans for your already fully booked week
It forces you to try and predict the future
It makes you largely responsible for the business ’s sales success , solution offered , project profitability and growth and survival of your business ( scary stuff ! )
Web agencies often have the edge here because they will have dedicated salespeople or project managers who are used to the rigors of estimating , but freelancers will generally be more inclined to find the whole process rather boring and just want to get on with the fun stuff .
While we can all no doubt empathise with this , the harsh truth is that , when running a small business or operating as a one man band , one or two badly estimated projects in quick succession can ultimately lead to the demise of both !
So what other techniques can be used to further increase the accuracy of your estimates ?
2. Consistent Project Phases And Tasks
As previously mentioned , when being asked to provide an estimate for a project , it is invariably not something anyone has allocated time to do .
As a result of this , estimates are often put together quickly and if compared to past estimates it ’s not uncommon to see the same project phase or task classified in many different ways , and for similar sized projects the estimates for each to be completely different .
If you win the work you may think “ so what ? ” , and to some extent you would be right , however , the first step in creating more accurate estimates on a long - term basis is to always break down the project phases and tasks in a consistent manner .
Web projects can generally be broken down into the following phases :
Research and planning
Solution design
Design
Front - end development
Back - end development
Content entry
Testing
Go-live
By always beginning to compile estimates using a consistent high - level breakdown means you can have a re-usable template eventually and track the time spent on each .
But do n’t stop there !
Consistently breaking each phase down further will not only increase the accuracy of the estimate , but again , also result in valuable data over time .
3. Getting Granular
Now the project estimate is broken down into high - level phases , it ’s time to get more granular and break each phase into tasks .
This is where the estimate begins to become more tailored to the specific project , but also includes common tasks that you can add to your estimating template and use again and again .
For example :
Research and planning Requirements gathering Project planning
Solution design Sitemap Wireframes User workflows Functional specification
Design Initial homepage look and feel Content page Master content page template News main page News item
Front - end development 5 x Templates build XHTML / CSS JavaScript and AJAX Cross - browser fixes
Back - end development CMS Setup and configuration News feature Contact us form
Content entry Homepage copy Addition of 10 x News items
Testing Internal functional testing Client User Acceptance Testing ( UAT )
Go-live Live server setup 301 re-directs from old site URLs to new
The page templates and features specific to the client ’s project can be listed at this stage , alongside the tasks required in all web projects .
Once you get into the habit of compiling estimates in this way you will find yourself envisaging the phase and tasks lists during the pre-sales initial communication with the client and this invariably :
Refines your requirements gathering skills to quickly get the information you need in order to put together a thorough estimate Forces you to think the project through in a step - by - step fashion and minimises the chances of missing a large , or several small , tasks that could end up putting you over budget because you did n’t factor them in
So , you now have a pretty solid phase and task list for the project and all that ’s left is to estimate hours for each and send it off to the client right ?
Maybe , but wait , what exactly does the News feature consist of ?
Is your interpretation of a News feature the same as the client’s ?
Now is the time to investigate and define it , as opposed to after the contracts have been signed .
Getting More Granular
While it ’s tempting to estimate hours for the News feature and submit to the client , if possible , try to nail down exactly what the client wants from this feature at the estimating stage , after all , if you look around , you ’ll be able to quickly find different variations of the same feature that have a huge differences in terms of size , features and complexity , and thus cost .
Using the News feature as an example , talk to the client and determine what it needs to do so that you can again minimise the chances of missing something in your estimate that could , when added to the other ‘ small ’ missed tasks , amount to a serious budget overrun situation .
You may find out the News feature requirements are :
News feature Add / edit / delete news item Upload image Attach PDF Auto - archiving RSS
Excellent , you have now defined the News feature and can confidentially estimate the time you think it will take to implement .
But hidden in even the most basic and common of features lay more ‘ small ’ things that if not captured , considered and quoted on , can add to the likelihood of overrun .
For example , the client has specified they need to be able to upload images to news items , but do they need any of the following :
Auto - resize capability ?
Auto - thumbnail generation ?
Full - screen viewing ?
Caption addition facility ?
Any of the above News features could add a few hours to the overall project and thus need to be ideally catered for in your estimates - a few missed ‘ couple of hours ’ tasks and suddenly the project is two days over budget .
Getting granular and mentally trying to build the solution means you are able to identify and address these issues early on , making sure to cater for them in your final estimate .
“ A Web Project Manager knows how to design and develop most of the project on his own , even if with poorer results compared to his team .
This allows him to estimate projects with good approximation and to understand his team ’s problems and difficulties ”
Introduction to Web Project Management , Antonio Volpon
Advantages Of Getting Granular , For You And The Client
By getting granular with project phases and tasks for estimates you are also able to tweak them very quickly if you discover the estimate you have submitted is above the client ’s maximum budget .
For example , how often have you been told by a client they want to go with you but your quote is ‘ just a little too high ’ and ‘ if you could reduce it by five hours we can business ’ ?
Usually this means you have to do one of two things ; drop the hours you estimated for the News feature and hope you can explain later down the line how the budget does not allow for image uploads and thumbnail generation etc. , or remove the News feature altogether .
But , if you have a granular estimate for the News feature , you can confidentially , and at this crucial expectation setting stage , simply remove a couple of sub-features of News and the News image upload functionality in order to align with the client ’s budget .
When communicating this to the client they will clearly see what you are proposing to drop and why and they will still get the News feature they need , but perhaps with a few less nice to haves .
Using this approach is usually well received by clients as they have full and transparency on the reasoning behind the changes to your proposal .
This kind of transparency during the sales process will invariably give the client confidence in you because it demonstrates to them you :
Are an expert in your field Can envisage the project in its entirety Adopt a diligent and methodical approach and more than likely will continue to work this way on their project
Best of all , if you are successful with your estimate and you are hired you already have the foundations of :
An instant statement of work A defined project scope
The timings you need to put together an accurate project schedule with milestones Client expectations settings very early Demonstrated your thoroughness and understanding of their business and requirements to the client
So what now ?
Well , now you have won the work , it ’s time to start collecting the data that will enable you to create even more accurate estimates in the future .
4. Consistent Time Tracking And Analysis
Before starting the work , you should first replicate all of the phases and tasks , along with their time estimates , into your time tracking tool of choice .
Once this is done , you can then begin work and make sure to be disciplined and track everything you do and log it under the right category .
Of course many of you will do this by default as it allows you to :
Know how long you have to complete each phase
View how long you have for each task and sub-task
Reporting on how long everything actually took
But the real value of keeping a consistent set of high - level phases , from estimate through to time tracking , is that after a few projects you can begin toanalyse the data and start to identify averages and trends that you can use to refine your next web project estimate .
Analyse Estimated vs. Actual Time
This is where the real magic happens !
By breaking down and tracking your time for multiple projects into consistent phases and tasks , you will have valid comparable data to analyse , for example , after five projects , once you average out the numbers , you may well discover the following :
Research and planning took around 5 % of the total project time to complete
of the total project time to complete Solution design : 5 %
Design : 25 %
Front - end development : 15 %
Back - end development : 30 %
Content entry : 8 %
Testing : 10 %
Go-live : 2 %
The more projects completed that use a consistent estimating and time tracking structure , the more real your averages will become .
With this valuable information you can then set about increasing the accuracy of your next estimate by being able to , assuming you can get a budget range from the client :
Immediately allocate the estimated hours you need for each phase
Determine the best solution you can offer the client for their budget
It even allows you to accommodate the client that ‘ needs an estimate tomorrow ’ when you do n’t have time to break it down in detail .
Conclusion
Estimating time for a web project accurately is something many attempt everyday but few manage to succeed at .
There is no one formula that will satisfy every situation and the chances of estimating what a project will cost exactly are almost zero .
But it is possible to drastically increase the accuracy of your web project estimates by :
Identifying the reasons why underestimating is so common Understanding why it is so important Resisting the temptation to not get granular Creating a consistent , methodical and re-usable estimating process Analysing the estimated versus actual data from multiple projects to identify trends
“ The Devil is in the detail : When people say that the devil is in the detail , they mean that small things in plans and schemes that are often overlooked can cause serious problems later on . ”
Further Resources
Here are further articles and related resources that may help you to increase the accuracy of your web project estimates :
READER COMMENTS ON
" Prosecutors Seek LONGER Sentence for Siegelman "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 5/13/2009 @ 5:43 pm PT ...
obama and his crew are proving to be extremely disappointing .
yeah , change you can believe in ...
He is starting to make noise about cutting Social Security too - something that he hammered mclame with during campaign .
sorry gang - if this is the best we can do , should just vote 3rd party ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/13/2009 @ 9:12 pm PT ...
Should = Must
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/13/2009 @ 9:15 pm PT ...
WHERE Must = " outlaw all electronic vote tabulation devices " END
That 's a start .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/13/2009 @ 9:18 pm PT ...
No matter what party , the same people are going to run it .
As in not anyone we elected .
I think that 's perfectly crystal clear .
The best we can do will be a lot more than simply voting .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/13/2009 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
Yeah 99 , like outlawing these fscking electronic vote tabulation devices , and proactively getting hard core on ... wow I 'm burned out .. , um ... oh yeah vote caging and cracking down on ... um .. um ..
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 5/13/2009 @ 10:24 pm PT ...
This news is utterly disgusting .
It 's downright Rovian , take a bad situation , make it worse and rub their noses in it just to make sure everybody gets the message .
Yea , yea , I 'll send more emails ( calling became too expensive ) to the relevant parties but so far that has n't been working .
Thanks for the update Brad .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 5/14/2009 @ 9:45 am PT ...
i can't find the words to express how disgusted i am with the current admin and ag holder siegleman does not take a nickel for himself and he is prosecuted while stevens in alaska got a quarter million dollar remodel and is let go scot free because the last admin so bungled the case btw the guy from the aclu was censored last night on racheal when he was talking about the last admins torture program ... another thing that hasnt changed from last admin to current ... censorship yesterday the current pres , in explaining why he was with holding the torture pics said , " a small number of people did this " and " the investigations are closed " ... what a crock we know the torture was approved by bush with cheneys urging so if you are going to lie current pres just stop talking
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 5/14/2009 @ 10:57 am PT ...
maxine waters pressed ag holder ( cspan - 3 house hearing ) about when he intends to get new attorneys in place , and she mentioned " problems " ... his reply was first new set of us attorneys should be announced in " couple weeks "
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 5/14/2009 @ 12:45 pm PT ...
Yeah , Karen , it seems lying by the MSM is okay , but , free speech involving telling the truth is not okay .
WTF ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brian Keith O'Hara said on 5/14/2009 @ 5:54 pm PT ...
I am absolutely shocked that Siegelman 's 2002 Victory in the Alabama Governor 's Race was stolen .
Then he 's persecuted because Republicans want to make sure there are no more fair elections or Democrats available to run .
And Obama does nothing .
Interest rate ceilings are blocked in Congress .
And Obama does nothing .
I am ashamed .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 5/14/2009 @ 8:44 pm PT ...
Is there no actual compassion within our government ?
Will honor , justice , and regard for humanity ever get to win again within this government of the United States of America ?
War criminals , who lied to start this horror , are special guests on FOX news .
Hundreds of thousands of human beings have been killed or maimed , or emotionally damaged into complete ruin .
And they can still pull strings , Cheney / Bushco .
This honest man our friend Don on our side , is being unfairly incarcerated , and when the truth starts emerging in the world of electrons and ink , more power is abused by them , by way of their planted attorneys . .
I think I have to repeat it , to myself ( ?!?! ) to fully comprehend the psychopathological , sequential criminal violations , by these SOBs .
These facts , need exposing MORE , bypassing MSM .
Some still admire them .
You 'd think these DREADFUL HUMAN BEINGS , WITH ANY HONEST ASSESSMENT WOULD INDICT THEM , BUT INSTEAD , THEY ARE ON TV , lying , lying , lying .
We have a mafia operating as the RNC .
They own the whole of Rupert Murdoch 's empire .
And more .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 5/14/2009 @ 11:14 pm PT ...
... not only must this fucking travesty end ...
But it should backfire on the bastards that initiated it . . .
~
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/15/2009 @ 12:18 am PT ...
I would n't have minded this egregiously long period of time getting the US Attorney mess sorted out if they'd have put back in the ones fired by * and fired the others , letting underlings punt while filling all the top spots .
Even as I am appalled that this area of business has been known to be of particular importance to get cleaned up and functioning right again for a couple YEARS now , and so should have been completely handled extremely quickly , I could have settled for that , things being as hectic as they are .
Obviously , NO attention has been paid to getting a properly functioning Justice Department back , or no way would these people have been left to cook this up .
The whole gang of partisan underperformers put in place by Rove and Company have simply been left there to play their games for nearly FOUR months .
What ?
Did Obama think they would be so thrilled by his charm and that he did n't fire them that they 'd just suddenly be capable of doing their jobs and forget all their vicious partisan perfidies ?
They 've done a swell job of making Obama and Holder look like boobs , here , but they 've damn well helped them .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Sally said on 5/15/2009 @ 5:06 am PT ...
Heres a link to an old Ron Paul interview called " The American Power Structure where he talks about who really controls America .
Now I have a slight inkling about those plutocrats 99 talks about sometimes .
For anyone who does n't already know its an eye opener .
Its Mr Paul in 1988 .
What a lovely man he was then and still is .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 5/15/2009 @ 2:18 pm PT ...
I 've simply run out of things to say about the Siegelman case ; this must be how people in the Soviet Union felt when their neighbors and writers and dissidents were sent to the Gulag .
Updates : http://rawstory.com/08/n...ely-hell-return-to-jail/
http://www.politico.com/...eplace_US_Attorneys.html
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... JEP said on 5/18/2009 @ 10:20 am PT ...
A pregnant British woman held in a Laos prison for nine months faces execution if she is convicted of drug smuggling next week .
Friends of Samantha Orobator - Oghagbon , 20 , believe she may have been raped while in detention and now fear for the health of her unborn baby .
Ms Orobator - Oghagbon , 20 , from south London , was arrested at the country 's Wattay Airport on 6 August 2008 and subsequently became pregnant at the notoriously abusive women 's prison .
Next week she goes on trial after being accused of smuggling 680 grams of heroin , narrowly exceeding the statutory minimum for the death penalty in Laos .
If found guilty , she could be sentenced to execution by firing squad .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Ms Orobator - Oghagbon left home in July 2008 for a holiday and , after visiting the Netherlands and Thailand , was arrested in Laos .
She has consistently claimed that she was forced into carrying drugs for a third party .
The legal charity Reprieve , which is trying to help the Briton , say there is no evidence that she was anything more than a " mule " .
Reprieve says she has not had access to lawyers .
British diplomats in only learnt of her detention months after she was arrested .
Since then she has been allowed to meet a consular official for 20 minutes every month , always with a guard present .
Ronke Oseni , 21 , a psychology student at Kingston University , who has known Ms Orobator - Oghagbon for 11 years , said : " There is no one there to visit her , no one to talk to , she does n't speak the language .
" I 'm really scared for her .
I can't even imagine what she 's going through .
The punishment does not fit the crime .
They want to shoot her but what about the baby ? "
Born in Nigeria in 1988 , Ms Orobator - Oghagbon moved to the UK when she was eight and was raised by her aunt , Sabaina Orobator , in Camberwell , south London .
Her uncle , her father figure , was killed in Nigeria , and the family were granted asylum status in the UK .
Teachers remember her as a friendly and intelligent child .
" She was very popular .
She had a bizarre sense of humour .
She was very bright , " reports a former teacher from Sacred Heart School in London .
" Always in the top sets .
She got As and Bs . "
There is a lack of medical care in Laos prisons , leading to the deaths of at least two foreign nationals this decade .
In May last year , British citizen Michael Newman was found dead in his prison cell .
He had been ill for over a week and was refused treatment .
A French national , Francis Prasak , died in January 2001 after his requests for medical treatment were ignored .
The daily ration reportedly consists of two bowls of pig fat water soup and 18 oz ( 500g ) of sticky rice .
Most prisoners rely on their families to deliver food parcels .
Between 2003 and 2005 , 37 death sentences were handed down by the Laos government .
In 2007 at least two people were sentenced to death .
Laos says the death penalty is needed to deter trafficking in drugs .
In an interview in August 2008 , Yong Chanthalangsy , a spokesperson for the Lao Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Article 135 of Laos criminal laws , which deals with penalties for drug traffickers , had been modified three times .
And in the third change , the government increased the punishment to death penalty .
A spokeswoman for Ms Orobator - Oghagbon 's local MP , Harriet Harman , said that she was doing everything possible to assist in the case and had been in contact with the Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell about the matter .
She said that the immediate priority was to ensure that the trial does not take place before a visit to the UK by the Laotian foreign minister , who is due to arrive next week .
Teen who lit joint for essay says he knew all the risks
Teen in pot essay says he accepts consequences
" I have provided you with information , facts and statistical evidence that all point towards the legalization of marijuana , " Ian Barry wrote in his essay .
" But the truth is it does n’t matter what I say until you , the people , stand up and besiege the government to re-address the litigation of marijuana . " less " I have provided you with information , facts and statistical evidence that all point towards the legalization of marijuana , " Ian Barry wrote in his essay .
" But the truth is it does n’t matter what I say ... more Photo : Television Station KIRO Photo : Television Station KIRO Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Teen who lit joint for essay says he knew all the risks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TACOMA , Wash . —
Ian Barry says he was n’t trying to be a martyr when he lit a marijuana joint last week at Peninsula High School in Gig Harbor , nor was he trying to pull a stunt .
Simply put , the 17 - year - old junior wanted to drive home the message of his persuasive essay : Marijuana does n’t deserve its negative stigma and should be legalized .
On Friday , Barry told The News Tribune that he knew what the consequences would be for his bold tactics , but he was willing to accept them .
After his speech Tuesday , he was arrested and sent to Remann Hall juvenile detention center in Tacoma .
He was expelled from school .
( Read the essay here at the site of television station KIRO . )
He says he fully accepts his punishment .
He faces misdemeanor charges of unlawful drug possession after police found the container that he carried the joint in and that contained marijuana residue .
He also understands this will go on his record .
“ I see myself as someone who holds himself to a high moral value , ” Barry said .
The stunt , in which he smoked , then ate the joint , was celebrated among some of the teen ’s peers but was frowned on to say the least by law enforcement officers and district administrators .
“ We believe in freedom of speech and encourage it , but illegal activities are absolutely not going to be tolerated in our district , ” school Superintendent Terry Bouck said .
Barry will meet with Peninsula administrators to determine whether he should be allowed to finish classes .
He said the joint was key to making his point and starting a dialogue on the leglization of marijuana .
" As Sir Isaac Newton said , ‘ Every action has an equal and opposite reaction , ’ ” Barry said .
“ I do n’t think there would have been another way I could have gotten this reaction . ”
Rorschach reunion shows confirmed
Lambgoat can confirm that recent rumors regarding new Rorschach reunion shows are indeed true .
Details are still being finalized , but the group will play a handful of late - September shows in the Northeast .
According to guitarist Nick Forte , " all original members will be involved . "
Stay tuned .
32 comments
axempire
6/10/2009 9:44:34 AM
FIRST POST FRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT permalink | report abuse
Godfatherofsoul
6/10/2009 9:47:58 AM
WHAT THE fck , WOW .
permalink | report abuse
obscure
6/10/2009 9:53:44 AM
WOAH .
BETTER COME NEAR ME permalink | report abuse
truthsayer
6/10/2009 10:03:48 AM
Might be worth driving 600 miles .
Is Kittie playing ?
permalink | report abuse
foulmouth
6/10/2009 10:09:22 AM
holy shit , I just crapped my pants !!
permalink | report abuse
onemeansquid 6/10/2009 10:35:00 AM
did not see this coming .
cool news though permalink | report abuse
Flamboyant_Cowboy
6/10/2009 10:46:24 AM
Cool news for the sake of hearing Rorschach 's name .. with the exception of seeing Andrew drum , this wo n't be good .
permalink | report abuse
Mike 6/10/2009 10:55:25 AM
fcking awesome !
Hope they play in or near MA. permalink | report abuse
RobertRedford
6/10/2009 11:32:01 AM
very nice indeed permalink | report abuse
fuckyourband
6/10/2009 11:35:44 AM
shit band , no care permalink | report abuse
evolutioninreverse
6/10/2009 11:36:20 AM
ma porco dio in croce perché vivo in italia ????
permalink | report abuse
RUSerious
6/10/2009 12:21:06 PM
but who will watch the watchmen ?
permalink | report abuse
johnbbts
6/10/2009 12:24:01 PM
wow i'd pay top dollar to see them play again .. permalink | report abuse
Omegaman
6/10/2009 12:35:58 PM
HOLY fckING SHIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
permalink | report abuse
Omegaman
6/10/2009 12:57:31 PM
Flamboyant_Cowboy
6/10/2009 10:46:24 AM
Cool news for the sake of hearing Rorschach 's name .. with the exception of seeing Andrew drum , this wo n't be good I 'll bet Huckins will still smash your face with that mockingbird permalink | report abuse
harlem
6/10/2009 1:27:12 PM
I think the shows are in NYC , Boston , Philly , and DC .
permalink | report abuse
chicken_gang_bang
6/10/2009 2:06:52 PM
wont be close at all permalink | report abuse
takeholdx
6/10/2009 3:26:33 PM
break out the Deadguy records .
permalink | report abuse
Nader 6/10/2009 4:17:11 PM
NYC /NJ is a definite .
WILL BE THERE .
permalink | report abuse
youaresceneasfuck
6/10/2009 5:11:33 PM
OH YAYS permalink | report abuse
anaturaldisaster
6/10/2009 5:47:55 PM
fcking ready permalink | report abuse
johnnygore
6/10/2009 5:55:02 PM
ill be at that combination pizza hut and taco bell permalink | report abuse
ballsballsballsneenuballs
6/10/2009 6:58:22 PM
coolest news in a longg timeee permalink | report abuse
ugly_old_guy
6/10/2009 7:46:38 PM
fck. northeast better be expanded to the northwest permalink | report abuse
xdxmx
6/12/2009 3:46:15 PM
lol ... will it be timed to coincide with " The Watchmen " DVD release ?
Seriously though , so stoaked .
permalink | report abuse
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vowed Wednesday to let California government come to a “ grinding halt ” rather than agree to a high - interest loan to keep the state afloat if he and the Legislature do not close the yawning budget gap in coming weeks .
At the same time , the governor reversed himself on a proposal to end health insurance for families of police officers and firefighters who died in the line of duty .
Schwarzenegger called the plan , first reported by The Times on Tuesday , a “ terrible screw - up ” that is being corrected .
The proposed cut was tucked away in a list of regulations that would be suspended if Schwarzenegger ’s latest budget revisions are adopted .
It would have saved the state $ 1 million in 2009 - 10 .
State finance officials say California coffers will be empty in late July unless the projected $ 24 - billion budget shortfall is resolved quickly .
Schwarzenegger said that emergency borrowing would be too expensive and that his threat to block it was necessary to prod lawmakers into swift action .
Advertisement
A loan would only “ give them another reason why we do n’t have to do it now , ” the governor said .
“ What we need to do is just to basically cut off all the funding and just let them have a taste of what it is like when the state comes to a shutdown -- grinding halt . ”
The comments , made in an interview with The Times ’ editorial board , represent the governor ’s latest salvo in the battle over California ’s budget .
An emergency loan -- not routine short - term borrowing but a longer - term , higher - interest loan -- would require the governor ’s approval but not that of the Legislature , unlike his proposed budget solutions .
He approved the initial step for such borrowing last year and can revoke it at any time .
In the wide - ranging interview , Schwarzenegger challenged legislative Democrats to resist the influence of special interests fighting the deep program cuts he has proposed to help balance the budget .
Clearly alluding to labor unions that oppose the cuts , the governor said : “ Do they want to protect the workers that provide the services , or do they want to protect the people that get those services ?
The choice is up to them . ”
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger reiterated his support for a constitutional convention to overhaul state government , calling it “ the only hope that I have ” for substantive reform .
He also took aim at some other elected officials , characterizing them as obstructionists in his quest for change .
Mostly , however , he expressed frustration over the financial crisis that threatens to overshadow the final year and a half of his governorship .
All sides -- legislative Republicans , Democrats and the governor -- have pledged to plug California ’s deficit by the end of June .
The new fiscal year begins July 1 .
“ We will meet the July 1 deadline , ” Senate leader Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) said in an e-mail to The Times .
Advertisement
If lawmakers fall short of that goal , as they have many years , Schwarzenegger ’s refusal to borrow would leave the nation ’s most populous state with no way to pay its bills .
“ Payment deferrals and IOUs -- that ’s all we would be left with , ” said Hallye Jordan , a spokeswoman for state Controller John Chiang , who monitors California ’s cash flow .
Chiang reported Wednesday that the state ’s revenues have fallen $ 827 million below projections made only weeks ago .
Amid a cash crunch earlier this year , the state deferred some payments , including taxpayer refund checks .
But California has not issued IOUs since the early 1990s .
Schwarzenegger has proposed slicing deep into public schools and eliminating college student grants , health insurance for 930,000 poor children and the state ’s welfare - to - work program .
But the Democrats who dominate the Legislature have countered that they will not disassemble California ’s social safety net .
Advertisement
In the Senate , Democrats have sketched a counter - proposal that would drain the state ’s reserves and rely on hopes for a rosier economic future to hold off the deepest of the cuts .
Their plan would resolve up to $ 20 billion of the projected $ 24 - billion deficit .
The governor called that approach “ hallucinatory ” on Tuesday and “ irresponsible ” on Wednesday .
“ We have not hit the bottom ” of the economic crisis , he told The Times .
Some rank - and - file Democrats are holding out hope of raising taxes to close the deficit .
And the state ’s largest labor group , the Service Employees International Union , launched a $ 1 - million TV advertising campaign Wednesday to press for more taxes on oil , tobacco and liquor .
Eliseo Medina , SEIU ’s national executive vice president , said the governor “ ought to be worrying about trying to maintain services instead of trying to kill the messenger . ”
Advertisement
Support from some Republican lawmakers , most of whom have said no to further taxes , would be needed for such proposals to pass the Legislature .
Schwarzenegger said the financial crisis should be the impetus for a leaner and more functional state government .
But he said he had no confidence in the Legislature to change the status quo and hoped a constitutional convention -- the radical notion of tossing out California ’s oft - amended legal framework to start from scratch -- would .
One area Schwarzenegger singled out : the array of elected statewide officials -- controller , treasurer , schools superintendent , etc. -- who can hail from different political parties and have different philosophies .
The system was intended to create checks and balances , but the governor complained that the others sometimes get in his way .
“ I say we should decrease the state employees ’ salaries , and the controller says , ‘ Nah , I do n’t think it ’s necessary , ’ ” Schwarzenegger said , recalling a legal battle with Chiang that the governor eventually won .
Advertisement
“ If I want to . . . create a vision for California , you ca n’t have a team around that ’s trying to derail you , ” the governor said .
“ I always get my lessons from sports , ” he said .
“ Look at the Lakers , look at all the great teams .
When they are together and connected , then they have a better chance of winning . ”
--
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
On his HBO show , “ Real Time With Bill Maher , ” the comedian routinely makes vicious fun of celebrities , politicians , presidents and even God .
But he ’s learned that , for much of his audience , Barack Obama is off limits .
Not long after the historic presidential election , Maher joked that Republicans were feeling particularly superstitious :
“ They say the country is having bad luck because there ’s a black cat in the White House . ”
The studio audience erupted in loud groans and boos -- a reaction , Maher observed in a recent interview , that exceeded his often scathing attacks on organized religion .
“ Obama is the new God , ” quipped Maher of the poorly received dig , which he pointed out pokes at conservatives more than the commander in chief .
The heckling response to Maher ’s gibe is hardly an anomaly .
As late - night talk show hosts and other television comics who trade in political humor know , cracking wise about the new president , who marked his 100th day in office last week , is apparently not very funny for most of the people , most of the time .
Not surprisingly , to guard against a frosty or uncertain reception , TV ’s leading political humorists have largely backed away from their ritual comic hazing of the president , a colorful tradition in the medium , especially in its late - night time slots , since at least the Nixon administration .
Advertisement
“ If you ’re a comedian and you die and go to heaven , Bill Clinton is your president , ” said Robert J. Thompson , director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University .
“ If you ’re a comedian and you die and go to hell , Barack Obama is your president . ”
Obama has cast so many political humorists into a bad spot because he lacks the obvious defining qualities -- both mentally and physically -- that transformed previous Oval Office occupants into comedic catnip .
He does n’t have a strong regional accent and did n’t have a strange job before his political rise ( former peanut farmer Jimmy Carter ) .
He does n’t fall down ( Gerald Ford ) .
He is not regarded as aging or forgetful ( Ronald Reagan ) .
He has n’t been dubbed a “ wimp ” ( George H.W. Bush ) .
He is not tainted by scandal ( Clinton ) .
He does n’t stumble over the English language ( George W. Bush ) .
The 44th president ’s elusiveness as a comic target is more than just superficial , however , and reveals deep national reluctance toward mocking a leader in crisis and toward discussing race .
Much of humor ’s punch derives from the humbling of the mighty , but that card has , for now , been greatly diminished in the wake of the financial meltdown .
Obama did n’t create the economic mess , and Americans see him earnestly struggling to clean it up .
Just as they virtually went silent in taking potshots at George W. Bush in the months following the attacks of 9/11 , so , too , television comedians have been hesitant to go after Obama as he copes with a genuine disaster .
Advertisement
But it ’s Obama ’s African American heritage more than any other single factor that has perhaps frozen comics ’ pens and keyboards .
Political humorists , most of whom are white , have never dealt with a black president and are n’t sure how their material will be received .
Is an Obama joke truly aimed at the office and its policies , or is it merely a smokescreen for racial prejudice ?
“ You do n’t want to appear racist , ” said Buddy Winston , a former writer for the “ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno . ”
“ You ca n’t do the stereotypical thing .
Someone who ’s a Texan or an elite is much easier to attack . ”
Black comedians encounter similar difficulties in crafting humor at the new president ’s expense , said David Alan Grier , star of Comedy Central ’s short - lived “ Chocolate News . ”
“ Some people in the black community see any sort of criticism of Obama as a betrayal , ” said Grier .
“ But my thing is , it ’s not a betrayal .
It ’s just jokes .
That ’s what comedy is . ”
Much of the humor in the last few weeks on “ The Tonight Show ” has taken a safe comic route by centering on the first family ’s new dog and Obama ’s mother - in - law , who lives in the White House .
Advertisement
Meanwhile David Letterman , who regularly bashed Bush , has repeatedly praised the new president ( “ You gotta like this guy . . . by God , this guy is out there , doing stuff .
He ’s always got stuff going on ” ) .
In fact , the CBS late - night host has used Obama to set up jabs at Bush .
In one monologue , he noted Obama ’s recent trip to South America , where his lack of knowledge of Spanish prevented him from reading a book presented to him by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez : “ It would be like handing George Bush any book . ”
Writers and producers for “ Late Show With David Letterman , ” “ The Tonight Show , ” “ The Daily Show With Jon Stewart ” and “ The Colbert Report ” declined comment for this story .
Even “ Saturday Night Live , ” which is renowned for its politically biting humor , has been mostly soft on Obama .
A few weeks ago , the series ran a sketch with former pro wrestler Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson .
In it , the normally cool - under - fire Obama , played by Fred Armisen , would transform into the hulkish wrestler “ The Rock Obama , ” who would throw dissenters out the window .
Advertisement
Contributing to Obama ’s kid - glove treatment , too , are the political leanings of many comedy writers .
Although it did n’t ultimately help Bill Clinton or Jimmy Carter , Winston , who wrote for Leno for six years , argues there ’s little doubt many joke writers are Democrats .
“ You have to remember that most comedy writers on these shows are more liberal than conservative , ” Winston said .
“ It was much easier to write comedy when the enemy was the target . ”
To be sure , Obama is not getting away scot - free .
In recent weeks , “ The Daily Show ” has jabbed the president for the tax problems of his Cabinet nominees and his indulgent fondness for private White House performances from such artists as Stevie Wonder and Earth , Wind & Fire .
It ’s also important to remember that television audiences are n’t a scientific sample of the nation and might be distorting the true appetite for Obama humor , said Maher .
He contends most of his TV audiences are “ limousine liberals ” who are overly sensitive , particularly about race .
But he says when he’s on the road performing in arenas , jokes about Obama having a shark tank in the White House earn big laughs .
Advertisement
“ There ’s a huge difference with the stand - up audiences across the country in cities such as Tulsa and Kansas City , ” said Maher .
“ Those people never boo .
They ’re the real deal , true freethinkers .
They want to laugh . ”
But in comedy , it ’s all about timing .
More than 100 days into the new administration , Ian Cameron , executive producer of ABC ’s “ This Week With George Stephanopoulos , ” said that it may still be too early for Obama - based material to emerge .
The show ’s regular segment “ The Sunday Funnies , ” which offers a roundup of national political humor , has been light on Obama jokes .
“ There also has been more of a track record with Bush , when there were eight years , ” said Cameron .
“ A lot of comedians are still feeling their way .
There ’s still the ‘ Obama walking on water ’ jokes . ”
Obama will fall into the water somehow , and when he does the comedians will be there , said Malcolm Kushner , a scholar of presidential humor who co-created the humor exhibit at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library .
Advertisement
“ Everybody thought 9/11 would be the death of comedy , and it was n’t , ” he said .
“ It will happen . ”
--
greg.braxton@latimes.com
MUSIC NEWS - Drive - By Truckers ( DBT ) have been together making music for 13 years .
The time has been well spent and has resulted in 7 critically acclaimed studio albums which could n't possibly contain all of the songs the band has written .
So , DBT recently dug into the New West Records vaults , and with guidance from longtime producer Dave Barbe , put the finishing touches on a group of songs that were never completed .
“ For me , it ’s been a fun stroll through memory lane and a chance to tie up some loose ends , ” says Patterson Hood .
The result of the collaboration is the new , Drive - By Truckers , The Fine Print ( A Collection Of Oddities and Rarities 2003 - 2008 ) , a 12 - track album of previously unreleased and rare songs , due out on September 1 , 2009 .
Also out this summer from New West , will be the Drive - By Trucker ’s entire Austin City Limits performance as a CD / DVD set as a part of the Live From Austin , TX line ( order the Austin City Limits release below thru MNN ) .
The Fine Print ( A Collection Of Oddities and Rarities 2003 - 2008 ) features songs written by band members past and present , including Patterson Hood , Mike Cooley and Jason Isbell .
Seven of the twelve songs come from The Dirty South era .
Drive - By Truckers were on the Austin City Limits stage on September 26 , 2008 while they toured for their last studio album , Brighter Than Creations Dark .
A CD / DVD combination package with the entire performance will be released July 7th , 2009 .
The 13 songs , which were filmed in Hi-Def and recorded in 5.1 Surround Sound for the acclaimed PBS show , include a mix of new songs
Source :
May 29 , 2009 12:39 IST
A fortnight after over 50 Indian passengers alleged they were victims of racial profiling while flying Air France , 10 Indians , travelling by the same airline , met a similar fate when they were stranded for an entire night in a Paris airport lounge .
The Indians , flying to Mumbai from Washington via Paris , complained that they were confined to the lounge on Monday with just some water and a sandwich after their plane reached Paris late from Washington and they could not board the connecting flight to Mumbai .
The passengers of the flight AF025 alleged that while they had to remain at the airport , people with American passports were given transit visas , provided accommodation and taken care of .
Complaining of discrimination and insensitivity towards them , a passenger Gwyneth Alphonso said , " We were not put on the immediate connecting flight on the same day .
We were told that we have to just adjust within the environment .
( Those ) who held American passports were given visas and accommodation and were taken care of .
But we who had Indian passports were the only ones to be denied any kind of help at that place . "
The passengers said the airline extended an apology to the passengers through an SMS .
Over 50 Indian passengers had on May 12 accused Air France of ' racial ' profiling at Paris airport where they were stuck while in transit after their aircraft developed a technical problem , a charge denied by the airline .
The Independent reported Saturday that a single group of American troops , the U.S. Marines Corps ’ Special Operations Command , otherwise known as MarSOC — a creation of one Donald Rumsfeld — was responsible for “ at least three of Afghanistan ’s worst civilian casualty incidents ” to date .
The Independent :
Troops from the US Marines Corps ’ Special Operations Command , or MarSOC , were responsible for calling in air strikes in Bala Boluk , in Farah , last week — believed to have killed more than 140 men , women and children — as well as two other incidents in 2007 and 2008 .
News of MarSOC ’s involvement in the three incidents comes just days after a Special Forces expert , Lieutenant - General Stanley McChrystal , was named to take over as the top commander of US and Nato troops in Afghanistan .
His surprise appointment has prompted speculation that commando counterinsurgency missions will increase in the battle to beat the Taliban .
MarSOC was created three years ago on the express orders of Donald Rumsfeld , US defence secretary at the time , despite opposition from within the Marine Corps and the wider Special Forces community .
An article in the Marine Corps Times described the MarSOC troops as “ cowboys ” who brought shame on the corps .
Read more
This article uses Amazon EC2 and does not require any additional software installed on your machine to get your own cloud instance running other than your browser .
To further configure your instance once it is running you will need Putty or an RDP client depending on your server instance .
Amazon EC2 ( Elastic Compute Cloud ) is a service by Amazon which lets anyone create , launch , and terminate server instances as needed , paying by the hour for active servers , hence the term “ elastic ” .
The service starts as low as 0.11 $ per hour .
For this article an instance of LAMP server and a Windows Server 2003 was launched and cost about $ 0.25 .
This is very cheap for your on - demand server needs .
Steps to Launch your server instance
1 ) Signup for Amazon EC2 here ( If you already have an amazon account you can save 2 minutes ! )
2 ) Login to the EC2 management console
3 ) On the management console , Click on Launch Instances
4) Select an AMI ( Amazon Machine Image ) .
You will get a huge list ranging from windows servers to LAMP servers , Ruby on Rails server , Ubuntu , Debian , Open Solaris etc .
If you also look at the community supplied options you will have nearly 3000 AMIs .
5 ) Create a key pair by following on screen instructions .
This is to help you to login to your AMI once it is ready .
7 ) Configure firewall settings and limit access to the server ( SSH , MySQL , Web , etc ) .
8 ) You will now arrive at the final step of your wizard .
Enter number of instances .
Select an instance type Small , High CPU , etc .
You will also have to select the key pair that was generated for you at Step 5 .
Click Launch once set .
9 ) Voila !
your instance will be available in just a few minutes .
Now you can pat yourselves on the back for all the hard work !
It is amazing how quickly you can get an instance running .
Once your server is up and running how do you connect to this instance ?
Well , it is pretty simple if you are using windows you get to use RDP ( Terminal Services ) .
For non-windows instances you will have to use SSH to connect to the server .
Advanced configuration of your Windows instance using RDP ( optional )
It is easy to connect to a windows amazon instance via RDP compared to SSH connection to a linux server .
To retrieve the RDP password , you will have to right click your instance and retrieve connection information using the key pair you have been given .
You will have to connect using Administrator as your username .
You will find all other info you need on the management console .
Advanced configuration of your Linux instance using SSH ( optional )
You will need putty to connect to your linux server via SSH on a windows machine .
If you are on a linux machine you will be able to use the ssh command as shown on the management console .
With putty you will also need an additional tool to create a PPK file from the PEM file that you are given from the management console .
To do this you will have to download an additional tool called PuttyGen.exe .
You have to load the PPK file under the SSH Auth section of the putty client .
Once your instance is up and running you will be able to connect to the webserver , connect to the MySQL server , if it is enabled with the AMI .
The last two sections are to help you further configure your instance further .
There are so many AMIs available with a lot of features already built in .
Technically you will have your services running after the first set of steps which can be complete in 15 minutes !
If you do not want to configure a server yourself take a look at the Windows Azure , Force.com or the Google App Engine which runs Java , Python and PHP using Quercus for free ( certain usage limits apply ) .
Using flymake in emacs to validate html as you type
February 23 , 2009 at 11:46 pm
Flymake is a general emacs plugin which allows you to run an external validator against a buffer ’s content and visually report errors .
The effects are quite similar to the red underlining you will see in some IDEs ( e.g visual studio ) – but can , with some work , be used for any file format with a validator .
The following settings let flymake validate html in emacs .
Motivation
Seeing mistakes earlier can make them easier to correct
Valid html makes future browsers less likely to mangle your page
Remembering to run a validator takes effort
Setup
Install html tidy ( this is available under cygwin on windows , and using apt under most linuxes )
Create this perl script [ 1 ] ; make it executable and place it on your path .
Call it flymakehtml .
#!/usr/bin/perl open( INPUT , " rxp $ ARGV [ 0 ] 2>&1 | " ) ; while ( < INPUT > ) {
/ ^Error / && chomp ; print ; }
Add the following code to your .emacs file :
( defun flymake - html - init ( ) ( let * ( ( temp- file ( flymake - init - create - temp- buffer-copy ' flymake - create - temp - inplace ) ) ( local - file ( file - relative - name temp - file ( file - name - directory buffer - file - name ) ) ) ) ( list " tidy " ( list local - file ) ) ) ) ( add - to - list ' flymake-allowed -file-name - masks '( " \\.html\\ ' " flymake - html - init ) ) ( add - to - list ' flymake - err - line - patterns '( " line \\ ( [ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) column \\ ( [ 0 - 9 ] +\\ ) - \\( Warning\\|Error\\ ) : \\(.*\\ ) " nil 1 2 4 ) )
Ensure that you have the following command somewhere in your .emacs file ( add- hook ' find - file - hook ' flymake - find- file-hook )
You might like to change the face used to show errors with M-x customize - face flymake - errline .
Hovering over an error will show you a description of the error
[ 1 ]
This is to trim the tidied document from the output and only leave error messages .
Caveats
Sometimes error messages will use slightly strange tenses – since html tidy is a tool to tidy html rather than validate it – but the meaning is usually clear enough .
You might be interested in the nxhtml plugin as an alternative : this has more features such as context dependent autocompletion .
Beware that this can take some setting up , and is a little overwhelming at times .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : Uncategorized .
WASHINGTON – President Barack Obama blocked a Bush administration rule that environmentalists say would weaken protection for endangered species and their habitats , the latest in a series of moves that reverse Mr. Bush 's environmental policies .
Business groups criticized the Obama administration 's move and predicted it would delay projects funded by the government 's $ 787 billion stimulus package by forcing federal agencies to resume consultations over the potential impact of development projects on threatened species ....
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
+ video
Story : odditycentral.com
Story : odditycentral.com
You have to hand it to the Japanese , they know violence sells and they market it like no other country can .
But this has to be the dumbest sport in history , two fat guys pounding each other with neon - rods until they ’re both soaked in blood ?
I have no idea what this sport is called or who came up with the idea , but apparently it ’s very popular in the Land of the Rising Sun , despite it ’s obvious stupidity .
I ’d rather watch some K1 or UFC any day , this is just like wrestling only with real blood .
I wonder if those lamps are mercury free …if they ’re not , do the fat guys know they could die from mercury poisoning ?
( Reuters ) - Police have arrested a military chief of ETA and 8 other suspected members , Spain said on Sunday .
Here is a timeline of some major events since Euskadi ta Askatasuna ( Basque Homeland and Freedom ) was founded :
1959 - ETA is formed during dictatorship of General Francisco Franco to fight for Basque self - determination .
1968 - ETA carries out first killing : victim is Meliton Manzanas , police chief in the Basque city of San Sebastian .
1973 - Franco ’s Prime Minister Luis Carrero Blanco is killed when his car drives over explosives planted by ETA in Madrid .
1980 - In its bloodiest year , ETA kills nearly 100 people despite Spain ’s return to democracy .
September 1985 - First ETA car bomb explodes in Madrid .
A U.S. tourist is killed and 16 Civil Guards wounded .
July 1986 - Twelve Civil Guards are killed in Madrid and 50 wounded .
Juan Manuel Soares , a repentant Basque separatist , is sentenced to 1,401 years in jail in April 2000 for the killings .
June 1987 - Twenty - one shoppers are killed by a bomb at Barcelona supermarket .
ETA apologises .
September 1998 - ETA announces a truce .
The cease - fire ends in December 1999 .
November 21 , 2000 - Socialist Former Health Minister Ernest Lluch shot dead in Barcelona .
October 10 , 2004 - New Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero appeals to ETA to give up the fight after the arrest of a suspected leader , Mikel Albisu Iriarte , alias “ Mikel Antza . ”
March 22 , 2006 - ETA declares a permanent cease - fire , which comes into force two days later .
-- December 30 - Car bomb explodes at Madrid airport killing two Ecuadorians .
Zapatero breaks off peace process .
ETA later claims responsibility for airport bomb .
April 8 , 2007 - ETA says it is ready to make new commitments to the peace process if Spain stops “ attacks ” in the Basque region where police have been arresting ETA suspects .
-- December 1 - ETA suspects kill two Guardia Civil policemen working undercover in France .
January 14 , 2008 - Zapatero rules out any chance of peace talks with ETA and says its only option is unilateral surrender .
-- March 7 - Isaias Carrasco , a former councillor for the Socialist Party , is killed in Mondragon two days before a national election .
ETA later claims responsibility .
-- May 21 - Police in southwest France arrest top commander , Francisco Javier Lopez Pena , also known as Thierry , in Bordeaux .
-- October 30 - A car bomb explodes in a University of Navarre car park in northern Spain , wounding 17 people after a warning call in the name of ETA .
-- November 5 - ETA claims responsibility for 10 bombings and says it will press its campaign for Basque rights .
-- November 17 - ETA ’s suspected military leader , Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina , known by his alias “ Txeroki ” or “ Cherokee , ” is arrested in France ’s Pyrenean region , near the Spanish border .
-- December 3 - Ignacio Uria , an owner of the construction company Altuna y Uria , building a stretch of the high - speed train named by ETA as a target , is shot dead in Azpeitia .
-- December 8 - French police announce the arrest of a man identified as Balak , presumed successor to Txeroki and named by Spain as Aitzol Iriondo .
January 21 , 2009 - ETA claims responsibility for killing Uria and threatens other people working on the rail project .
-- January 30 - ETA vows to keep fighting as it marks its 50th anniversary .
-- April 18 - Jurdan Martitegi , ETA ’s new military leader known as “ the giant ” is arrested in southern France .
Today , it was my boyfriend and my six - month anniversary .
I 've really fallen in love with him , and I know he loves me the same .
So I got him a really nice gift , a watch he's had his eye on for as long as I 've known him .
It was expensive .
What does he get me ?
A condom .
Three actually .
FML
news The Windows Advantage
Toronto Life Square boasts a massive external screen array advertising stores and upcoming movies .
One thing they probably did n’t think they would be advertising was Windows Genuine Advantage .
ARM has provided a little bit of information which suggests that the next iPhone model will sport a dual - core processor .
The current iPhone 3G S uses a single - core Cortex A8 , whereas the upcoming Cortex A9 will “ shrink the manufacturing process ” from 65 nanometers to 45 nanometers .
This extra space will allow room for another core , and will ultimately help improve battery life in addition to providing better support for multitasking .
Electronista writes :
The design also better handles executing out - of - order instructions than the A8 and can therefore handle a large batch of code more efficiently .
A9 can scale up to four cores but is less likely to be used for smartphones in the near future .
At the same time , keep in mind that Apple purchased the boutique chip design company PA Semi , while also hiring a slew of other chip experts .
With that backdrop , it ’s also possible that the next iPhone model might sport an entirely new chip designed in - house at Apple .
Either way , as long as Apple keeps upgrading the iPhone ’s hardware , we can only hope that across the board multitasking is on its way .
Since the iPhone first launched , geeks have lambasted the iPhone for not supporting multitasking across third party applications .
Apple ’s stance has simply been that doing so would drain the batter life like a mother .
Indeed , the Palm Pre does support multitasking and reviewers and users have complained about its atrocious battery life as a result .
You can bet that as soon as processors can support system - wide multitasking without significantly compromising battery life , that Apple will gladly implement the feature .
Notably , PA Semi was renowned for creating low powered and battery efficient chips .
Initial reports that Apple was looking into multi-core chips surfaced this February when InfoMobile ran a piece about how the iPhone was slowly but surely evolving into a “ graphics - savvy gaming platform . ”
What ’s important here is Apple ’s motivation for wanting to have complete control over chip design .
Simply put , Apple wants to incorporate multi-core functionality into future iPhone chips .
And , the only way to ensure that future processors will meet Apple ’s exacting standards was to buy their own chip - design firm and crank out their own chips .
Customized chips would also help differentiate the iPhone lineup from most other mobile phones on market .
It ’s also worth noting that the next version of OS X , Snow Leopard , will include built - in support to more efficiently take advantage of multiple cores .
Apple calls this upcoming feature “ Grand Central ” and it will create a more efficient and less resource hungry OS while also improving software performance .
Seeing as the iPhone OS is based off of OS X , it might not be long before we see Grand Central technology ported over to the iPhone .
Iraq ’s prime minister condemned America for the shooting of two Iraqis .
Nouri al - Maliki , Iraq ’s prime minister , said : “ The attack by American forces , which ended with the deaths of two Iraqis – a policeman and a woman – is a clear break of the security agreement between Iraq and America .
” American officials in Iraq signed the security agreement last November .
Nouri al - Maliki ’s statements were published on Iraq ’s official television station .
After it this , the defense ministry announced that two commanders of the Iraqi army were arrested and accused of not providing support for the Shia resistance fighters against the attacks by the American army in southern Iraq .
Nouri al - Maliki condemned the shooting of two Iraqis by American forces .
He demanded the American army to take responsibility of this and criminally try the perpetrators .
One of the most visited posts on this blog is titled “ The Problem (s ) with Linear Thinking “ .
That one post makes up for a good amount of monthly visitors from people doing a google search for ‘ linear thinking ‘ .
Do that search yourself and you ’ll see that post in the top 3 ( if not # 1 ) .
Why is this such a popular topic ?
Easy … because we are all scare to death of falling into the linear thinking trap .
We ’re all looking for ways to break out of the linear mindset and come up with something ‘ cool ’ or different .
Linear Thinking and Me
I found myself in the linear thinking mindset recently and did n’t realize it .
For almost 2 years , I ’ve been driving the same route during my commute without really considering whether there was a quicker or more direct route .
Over the weekend , my wife mentioned the route she takes to work seems to be quicker and much less congested .
It just happened that her route takes her very close to the tollway that I use to get across town … so I figured I ’d try it out too .
Know something ?
It shaved almost five minutes off my travel time from the house to the tollway .
Five minutes !
I ’d been perfectly happy driving the same route day after day … and then BAM … I find another route that ’s quicker and shorter too .
Why had n’t I thought about changing up the route before ?
Because I ’d fallen into the linear thinking trap .
I ’d allowed myself to think that the route I took was the fastest .
I pondered on this all day and found myself thinking about new routes to take on the way home .
The tollway is a no - brainer …it ’s the fastest and most direct route across town … but the exit I take could change .
On the way home I started looking at exits that might be faster or more direct and realized that if I got off the tollway one exit earlier at the free exit , I ’d save a few more miles in travel time AND save an extra 30 cents per commute .
Over the course of an average month , this saves me ~ $ 6 … enough to buy me a few cups of coffee at Starbux 🙂
The Linear Thinking Trap
I realize that you really do n’t care about my commuting habits … but it proves a point ( I hope ) .
The story shows that we all fall into the trap of allowing ourselves to get comfortable with an idea .
We allow a process to take over and forget to question the idea(s ) behind the process .
Look at some of the recent innovations in the world .
What would have happened if nobody had thought to ask the question ‘ is email enough ’ ?
Would we have twitter ?
Would we have social networks ?
What would the world be like of Apple ( and others ) had n’t taken the ideas they saw at Xerox and built the modern day personal computer ?
Perhaps it ’d be very boring .
Are you in the linear thinking trap ?
One easy way to tell if you ’ve fallen into the trap is to ask yourself this :
Are you doing the same thing the same way you were last year ?
If so , better start fighting , because you ’re probably deep in the jaws of the linear thinking trap .
You may have to gnaw your foot or arm off to get out but it might be worth it .
Just like me and my boring commute , if you let the day (s ) go by without questioning your own ideas and methods , you ’ve already lost the battle against linear thinking .
Do n’t fall into the linear thinking trap … you ’ll end up driving the same old boring route ever day .
Keep looking for the creative solution and keep questioning .
Spanish rider explains knee progress and reveals lingering elbow pain .
Dani Pedrosa ’s road to recovery may have suffered a minor diversion when he collided with Alex de Angelis in Qatar , but the Spaniard believes that his fitness is steadily improving in the run-up to the Polini Grand Prix of Japan .
The injured star suffered a knock to his elbow when hit by the San Carlo Honda Gresini man in the opening race of the year , but Pedrosa is claiming improvement in the condition of his recently - operated knee .
“ I ’m looking forward to this weekend in Japan .
My leg is improving all the time and the knee is gaining a little bit more mobility every day .
I do n’t have the full range of movement yet , but I think that by the time we get to Motegi I ’ll have about ten degrees more of movement than in Qatar , which should make quite a big difference , ” says the Repsol Honda rider as he previews the second race of the 2009 season .
“ My elbow is also getting better after the hit De Angelis gave me in Qatar - there ’s still some pain and stiffness but I hope it wo n’t be a problem in Japan .
My priority is still to reach full fitness so that I can ride at 100 per cent , and then we must focus on the machine because I missed out on quite a lot of winter testing and we ’re still not at the level we ’d like to be .
It ’s a case of taking things one step at time - first to get full fitness and then improve the bike step - by - step . ”
Pedrosa finished eleventh in the Commercialbank Grand Prix of Qatar , his lowest placing since the 2008 Czech Republic round .
* FDA urges consumers to stop taking intranasal products
* Shares of Zicam maker Matrixx fall 70 percent
* Company says products do not cause loss of smell
* Says may remove products from market ( Adds analyst comment , company suspending shipments , closing share price )
By Lisa Richwine and Bill Berkrot
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK , June 16 ( Reuters ) - U.S. regulators warned Matrixx Initiatives MTXX.O to stop selling intranasal versions of its zinc - containing Zicam cold remedy after more than 130 reports of people losing their sense of smell after using the products , sending Matrixx shares into a tailspin .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration also urged consumers to stop taking the over - the - counter products , agency officials said on a conference call with reporters on Tuesday .
Shares of Matrixx , which said the affected products account for about 40 percent its net sales , fell 70 percent to close at $ 5.78 on Nasdaq .
The company must seek FDA approval if it wants to continue selling the Zicam zinc products that are administered through the nose , agency officials said .
Matrixx , in a news release , said it believes the FDA action to be unwarranted and is in the process of determining its response , which may include pulling the products from the market .
The company said it has suspended shipments and will reimburse any customer desiring a refund .
“ This is not a short - term overreaction , this is potentially a game changer on the negative side , ” Scott Henry , analyst with Roth Capital Partners , said of the plunging share price .
The FDA warning applies to Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel , Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Swabs and Zicam Cold Remedy Swabs , Kids Size .
A public health advisory posted on the FDA website said the products “ have all been associated with long lasting or permanent loss of smell ” and “ have not been shown to be effective in the reduction of the duration and severity of cold symptoms . ”
The action does not affect Zicam oral zinc tablets or lozenges , the FDA said .
“ There could be fallout on the rest of the brand , ” Henry said .
“ Assuming they cannot overturn the FDA ’s decision , you could lose 60 percent of profits , if not higher . ”
There is also the possibility of a rash of personal injury lawsuits as a result of a product recall .
“ This is a small company .
$ 100 million in litigation expenses could wipe them out , ” Henry speculated .
The FDA told Matrixx in its warning letter that the Zicam products are misbranded for failing to adequately warn of risks associated with them .
Matrixx defended the products , saying they are safe and do not cause a loss of sense of smell .
The FDA in its notice to consumers said many people who experienced a loss of smell said the condition occurred with the first Zicam dose , while others reported loss of sense of smell after multiple uses of the products .
The agency noted that loss of sense of smell can limit the ability to detect the smell of gas or smoke or other signs of danger in the environment , and said affected patients should contact their doctors .
( Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Bill Berkrot ; Editing by Maureen Bavdek , John Wallace , Dave Zimmerman , Richard Chang )
I like to play around with interesting technologies .
So what ’s on the table today ?
1. Google App Engine
2. Ioke E
3. Ikanserve
Google App Engine allows you to run Java applications since a few days .
But as no one writes web apps in Java anymore you could either use JRuby on App Engine or try out another fine language on the JVM .
( That ’s why I think the JVM kicks ass and I still like it after several years of programming mostly in Ruby :
It ’s a great plattform to run things … not just Java programms but any language that ’s on the JVM .
And there will be more … ) .
But I digress …
So , let ’s get into it :
0 . Create a temp dir to play in
$ mkdir appgarage $ cd appgarage
1. Get an App Engine Account
2. Sign Up for the Java App Engine Account – According to TechCrunch the first 10 k developers get an account .
So hurry up !
3 . Get ioke E
You need git and java 1.6 to do that .
$ git clone git://github.com/olabini/ioke.git
$ cd ioke $ ant $ cd ..
3. Get Ikanserve
$ git clone git://github.com/olabini/ikanserve.git $ cd ikanserve $ ant $ cd ..
4. Get the Java App Engine SDK
$ unzip appengine - java - sdk - 1.2.0.zip $ cd appengine - java - sdk - 1.2.0 $ cd ..
Optional : Try out the app engine demos and / or the ikanserve demo locally
5. Merge Ikanserve with appengine
$ mkdir myikanserveengine $ cd myikanserveengine $ unzip ../ikanserve/jetty/webapps/root.war $ cp ../ioke/lib/ioke.jar lib/ $ cat >
WEB-INF / appengine - web.xml < appengine - web-app xmlns= " http://appengine.google.com/ns/1.90 " >
< application>myikanserveengine</application > < version >1</version > ^D $ cd .. </appengine-web-app>
A few explanations :
You need to unzip the war file because app engine only takes war dirs not files .
And you you need to copy the ioke jar because the ioke version supplied with ikanserve ( at this point in time ) does n’t work with appengine .
The current Ioke version does work .
6. Deploy your application
Go to the App Engine Admin Interface log in and create an application with the same name you choose in your appengine - web.xml file ( Here it was “ myikanserveengine ” ) .
$ cd appengine - java - sdk - 1.2.0 $ bin/appcfg.sh -e yourgoogleaccountemail@yourdomain.com update ../myikanserveengine
Done .
Goto http://myikanserveengine.appspot.com and enjoy your first Ioke web application in the cloud .
Try URLs like foo or xxx to see some extra funky stuff ;-)
Almost immediately after the iPhone 3GS was launched there was some buzz about it being the “ iPhone 3G Sex ” and how it would turn your new Apple into a sex toy .
For droid loving nymphos out there fear not – Mobidroid.com has come to the rescue with an application called Dildroid that … well , you know .
Here is how the makers describe Dildroid :
Is a FREE multi-speed vibrator system for the Google Android OS Phone / Device .
Probably the most advance technology in the field of personal discreet and hypersubtle massage system you have seen so far .
Dildroid deliver nice and gentle massage to the user .
You can also share the joy by sending a massage of your choice by dildro-sms .
“ It ’s amazing what 2 days of R&D can do for a product ! ” Said the Dildroid creator interviewed by himself .
“ I never tough someone would actually download it , and now it ’s more than 10 000 download in three weeks ! ” he added just before resuming a article about Dildroid for Mobidroid.com .
And what features does it offer , good sir ?
Dildroid offer multiple features like : Variable speed – Allow user to pick vibration speed by erecting the head of our Andy buddy .
Dildro-SMS – Allow user to send SMS to contact list ( both user need to have dildroid installed in order fully work )
Frigid Mode – Block Dildro-sms when you do n’t feel vibrant and remove it when you feel horny
Low battery warning , do n’t miss ou wonderfull low battery warning !
Interesting .
I mean … Interesting ?
[ Fleshbot , SlashDong ( hahahahaha ) , Thanks for the tip Dan ! ]
New Jersey Senate to Vote on One - Gun- A-Month Tomorrow !
NJ Action Alert : S1774 “ One Gun - A - Month ” Up for Surprise Vote
Please Contact Your State Senator Today !
Trenton , NJ – -( AmmoLand.com ) -
Under the direction of Governor Jon Corzine ( D ) and with little notice to the public to ensure that New Jersey sportsmen and gun owners were not prepared to defend their Second Amendment rights from gun rationing schemes ; the New Jersey State Senate today added S1774 “ One Gun - A - Month ” to tomorrow 's voting agenda .
Simply stated , this bill would prohibit an individual from purchasing more than one handgun within a 30 - day period .
The state already requires an individual to first obtain a permit to purchase – a process which includes an extensive criminal background check and a minimum of 30 days to complete .
This bill , as proposed , is just another step that anti-gun legislators are trying to take to erode our Right to Keep and Bear Arms .
If passed , this bill gives anti-gun extremists carte blanche to further hinder your right to purchase firearms .
Next it could be one rifle or shotgun per 30 - day period or even one handgun per six months or year .
Please contact your State Senator TODAY and urge them to oppose this unwarranted and unjustified attack on our Second Amendment freedoms .
Contact information for your State Senator can be found by clicking here .
Sample Letter : — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——————
Dear Senator ; The S1774 “ One Gun - A - Month ” bill is suddenly and without due process up for a vote .
Please Vote NO on this anti-gun anti-second amendment bill .
All I can say is what if you could only use your right to free speech once a month ?
I am an active voter and gun owner and hope you will be doing the right thing by Voting NO and killing this anti American bill once and for all .
Sincerely .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
About :
Established in 1871 , the National Rifle Association is America ’s oldest civil rights and sportsmen ’s group .
Four million members strong , NRA continues its mission to uphold Second Amendment rights and to advocate enforcement of existing laws against violent offenders to reduce crime .
The Association remains the nation ’s leader in firearm education and training for law - abiding gun owners , law enforcement and the military .
Father hangs son , 15 , over suspicions he was an Israeli informer
The body of a Palestinian boy was found hanging in a barn after his relatives confessed to killing him over possible links to Israel .
Palestinian police spokesman Adnan Damiri says the 15 - year - old boy 's father , uncle and cousin confessed to the slaying over suspicions the teenager had collaborated with the Israeli army .
He refused to give any details about the boy or his family .
The Israeli Army pass through a checkpoint at Qalqiliya where the 15 - year - old boy was found hanged over suspicions that he was an Israeli informer
Mr Damiri said authorities were searching for other possible motives .
He said the boy 's body was found today in the village of Hajah , near the West Bank town of Qalqiliya - the scene of a recent crackdown on Hamas supporters by the Fatah police .
Collaboration is a considered a serious crime in Palestinian society .
There have been cases of family members murdering relatives to clear the family name .
In the past two years , more than 30 Palestinians have been sentenced to death for spying , but none of the sentences have been carried out .
In a recent case , courts officials said a Palestinian woman suspected of spying for Israel may be sentenced to death .
The officials said the 22 - year - old woman worked as a collaborator after obtaining a divorce from her husband , who forced her to work as a prostitute , making her a social outcast in Palestinian society .
However , police said in the latest case it appeared unlikely the 15 - year - old boy had been recruited as an informer , citing his age .
( CNN ) -- Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd called for calm Wednesday , assuring the Indian community that his country was still one of the safest study destinations in the world despite a series of attacks on Indian students in Sydney and Melbourne .
Australia insists the attacks are not racial , but rather " a regrettable part of urban life , " as Rudd put it in a radio interview on Wednesday .
Authorities say the Indian students are victims of opportunistic criminal gangs .
" Quite often , they are catching trains home from work late in the evening as many do not have access to cars , " said Simon Overland , chief commissioner for the Victoria state police .
" They are often traveling alone and this is leaving them vulnerable to crime . "
The Indian community , however , alleges gangs are specifically targeting Indians .
Activists say there have been about 1,500 attacks a year for the last three years -- but lately , they have picked up .
" Initially , it used to be beating .
Now people are being stabbed , " said Gautam Gupta , founder of the Melbourne - based Federation of Indian Students in Australia .
" The innovation in crime is very disturbing . "
More than 80,000 Indians study in Australia , and the attacks have sparked a diplomatic dustup between the two countries
" I have been appalled by the senseless violence and crime .
Some of it is racially motivated against our students in Australia , " said Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in a speech to the parliament .
Saying that they are tired of waiting for the Australian government to take action , Indian students -- armed with bats -- patrolled subway stations in the worst - affected suburbs Monday and Tuesday night .
Monday night , flag - waving Indians attacked a carload of Lebanese men in retaliation for the alleged assault of two Indian men by a group of ethic Lebanese earlier in the day .
Rudd urged students not to take the law into their own hands , saying " everyone needs just to draw some breath on this . "
" It 's unacceptable for anyone to commit an act of violence against any student of any ethnicity anywhere in Australia , " Rudd said in the interview with the station 3AW .
" But it 's equally unacceptable for so - called ' reprisal attacks ' and for so - called ' vigilante ' action as well . "
In response , Victoria police announced a major crackdown Wednesday , with beefed - up police presence around train stations .
" We have certainly not been sitting on our hands with this issue , " Overland said .
" This is not something new , but instead an enhanced approach . "
CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .
All About Kevin Rudd • Australia
TAP TO CALL US NOW ( 912 ) 292-4003
I have had various people approach me , generally Christians , whom think the idea of doubting god or god ’s existence is unethical .
Obviously I think the idea is ridiculous , but I would like to give my take on it .
We are n’t really talking about morality here , that has been handled in depth more times than I care to count on this blog … what I am referring to is the actual ethical nature of the individual whom doubts .
My contention is that a person skeptical of the existence of god is ethical in a more altruistic sense than the individual whom accepts god and dogma without question .
Before I go into my reasoning I would like to point out that this is n’t intended at an accusation against the believer …
I contest that believers ( those that believe in god ) can just as well be skeptics and doubters not exposed to the same information or unable to get past the religious programming they may have endured .
I for one know very well that overcoming all that fear , nervousness , and denying my devotion to god is incredibly difficult .
I suggest that the more devoted to your god you are the more likely you are to challenge him , at least that was my own experience .
This most certainly qualifies one as a doubter in my book and therefore somewhat more ethical than ones sheepish counterparts .
My standard of ethics is that an ethical person will fight and seek truth no matter what he finds to be true .
Despite what I may find to be true I will still attempt to validate that truth and fight for it ’s survival , hence you have this blog in front of your face .
In my view , both the pursuit of reality ( truth ) and the propagation of it meet the very definition of ethical behavior .
Proliferating one ’s faith is altruistic as it generally tends to attempt to save wayward souls , but it is only pure when an individual is willing to endure the struggles of his faith …. some Atheists lack the experience of faith and therefore an understanding of the difficulty that a person of faith can face in daily life .
The doubter loves his non-existent god , his god is real to him , he fights everything natural to him to keep that god happy – my own faith kept me teetering on the border of sanity and insanity almost constantly and it was incredibly difficult - far more than the scapegoat that some Atheists may believe it to be .
For the Atheist or skeptic to promote the idea of doubt in a world full of believers is risky , Atheists are hated almost the world around because we do not bow the notion of god and his authority .
Some believers will even risk the promotion of questioning their deity because they understand the benefit of rethinking faith , in their view challenging god will inevitably lead to an improved relationship with him if that god does n’t fall completely apart under scrutiny .
This , on both sides of the spectrum is altruistically ethical because it intends to benefit humanity in the best way that one may know .
Those ethics for the unbelieving skeptic are perpetuated via encouraging a search for truth , this search often leads to innovations in the fields of science and psychology ( among others ) that benefit generations , giving the unbelieving doubter the edge on ethics as salvation from a hell or a depravity that does not exist holds no value outside of good intentions .
Boxer ’s Dad Attacks Referee During Match : Video
Every parent will naturally stick up for their kid , but there comes a point when a dad just has to let things go .
On Saturday night , European Union light welterweight champion Giuseppe Lauri ( 48 - 6 , 6 KOs ) took on Juho Tolppola ( 22 -6 -1 , 9 KOs ) in Helsinki , Finland .
During the 10th round , the referee broke up the two fighters , but Tolppola tried to get one last punch in , swinging for the back of Lauri ’s head .
Having already lost 2 points after a headbutt , this was not a good idea by Tolppola .
The ref immediately waved his arms , signaling that he was stopping the fight .
Naturally , this did not go over well with the Finnish crowd , but especially not with Juho Tolppola ’s dad .
The man rushed at the referee , swinging at him a couple of times before being tackled / embraced with a knee to the chest by another official .
Despite losing the match , Juho must be glad that his father defended him .
With Father ’s
Day just a couple of weeks away , he ’ll be off to Hallmark to search for a “ Greatest Dad Ever Who Attacked A Boxing Referee ” mug .
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Cheney in Manhattan : ' A giant conspiracy ' on Iran
Former Vice President Dick Cheney swung quietly through New York City Tuesday night to watch his daughter , Elizabeth , a former State Department official , argue the conservative side in a debate over American policy toward Iran , and to express his own skepticism of President Obama 's promised negotiations .
" We fail to recognize the fact that we 're alone out there in terms of trying to achieve the objective of forcing the Iranians to give up their nuclear weapons , " Cheney said at a dinner following the Intelligence Squared debate , in which Elizabeth Cheney and former Coalition Provisional Authority spokesman Dan Senor debated former diplomat Nicholas Burns and Mideast scholar Ken Pollack on the topic of negotiations with Iran .
The former Vice President characterized the Iranian goal in negotiations on ending that country 's nuclear program as mere stalling for time , and the Europeans as trying to " restrain the U.S. " from military action .
" Everybody 's in a giant conspiracy to achieve a different objective than the one we want to achieve , " Cheney said .
The negotiations are " bound to fail unless we are perceived as very credible " in threatening military action against Iran , he said .
" Most of the other nations out there are willing to live with a nuclear - armed Iran " he said , citing France , Germany and the United Kingdom in particular .
Cheney was echoing his daughter 's comments during the formal debate at Rockefeller University on Manhattan 's East Side .
" If they believe the threat of military force is on the table that ’s frankly the only thing I ’ve seen that convinces them they ’d better get serious about sanctions , " Elizabeth Cheney , the former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs , said of U.S. allies at the formal , Oxford - style debate , sponsored by the Rosenkranz Foundation .
" You negotiated for weak sanctions , " she told Burns .
" No I did n’t , " he replied , at one point noting that it seemed as if he and Ms. Cheney " live in alternate universes . "
" We ought to have the courage to see it and the courage to admit it , " Burns said , " What President Obama is trying to do is to create a new type of diplomacy , " which he described as " tough - minded . "
Cheney and Senor , he said , are " leaving [ Obama ] with one option -- and that is war . "
Liz Cheney noted that she was " somewhere to the right of many people in the audience tonight , with one or two notable exceptions , " indicating her father , but the former Vice President was in fact quite well - received on the hostile Manhattan terrain :
He received a round of applause , and a lone hiss , when introduced , and he signed autographs after the event .
This video shows how to chase duplications by spotting the most duplicated project , then drill - down to the code source for remediation .
Â
Sonar is an open source software quality management tool , dedicated to continuously analyze and measure source code quality .
Sonar home page
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
In this Photoshop web design tutorial , you ’ll learn how to create a full web page layout that combines the sleek and textured look - and - feel using a combination of beginning to intermediate Adobe Photoshop techniques .
Final Result
Here ’s what you ’ll be working to create .
You can view the large version here .
Download
You can download the source files of this tutorial ( PSD and stock photos ) .
Setting up the Photoshop document and background
1 The first thing we want to do is to create a new document with the dimensions of 1024 ×1050 .
2 The next step is to go ahead and change your background color .
Using your Paint Bucket
Tool from your tools pallet , fill your background layer with # F0EEDB .
3 Next we want to add a image to our background .
I found a great photo on deviantart at and you can download it here .
You ’ll need to resize it to fit your document , and copy it a couple times to fill your document .
To save that step you can go ahead and get a larger version of the image in our source files .
4 Once you have the image on your document , go ahead and lower its opacity to about 82 % and it will look something like this :
Creating the layout ’s header
5 Now lets go ahead and get started on our header .
Using your Rectangle Marquee
Tool make a selection similar to the following , about a pixel from the top of your document and fill it with # 000000
6 Next we want to go ahead and insert the following blending options onto that layer by right clicking our layer and choosing blending options from the drop down menu :
7 Lower the opacity to your layer to about 95 % so a bit of the background fades through , and your document should look something like this :
8 The next step is adding a logo to our header .
I went with the font Geneva CY .
Go ahead and place your text in a similar way to the following and make a nice little 1 px wide line next to it .
9 Now go ahead and add these blending options to your text layer , and to the 1px wide line you created .
10 Then go ahead and use a simple font like Helvetica to add a tagline with the font color # 25B2F8 .
Your final result should look like this for your logo :
Creating the navigation : background
11 Next it ’s time to make a navigation for our site .
Using your Rounded Rectangle Tool , go ahead and make a rounded rectangle similar to the following on the right side of your header .
12 Now we want to insert the following blending options onto its layer .
13 It should look something like this after your complete
Creating the navigation : adding the text
14 Lets go ahead and add some text , shall we ?
For our active link we want to use the color # ABAE80 , and for our other links we will use the color # 393939 .
Lay it out similar to the following :
15 Next we want to go ahead and divide our links up .
Using your Rectangle Marquee Tool , make a 1px wide selection in between all of your links and go to Edit > Clear on your Rounded Rectangle Layer .
Header complete !
16 Once you do that in between all of your links , your header is complete and it will look something like the following :
Working on the photo banner : setting up the texture
17 Next we want to go ahead and work on our banner .
In essence , we are making a sort of “ slide show ” of different posts that could be displayed .
I found a great stock photo over at SXC which can be found here .
Go ahead and resize it on your document and select a part of the image you find the most appealing about the size as the following :
18 Now we want to add a slight border to the bottom of our stock photo , so insert the following blending options onto your stock photos layer :
Working on the photo banner : putting in the image title
19 We are going to want our title to be displayed on the image showing what post it is representing on our slideshow .
Before we add the text we want to add a nice little background for it .
Using your Rectangle Marquee Tool , make a selection similar to the following and the bottom of the image and fill it with # 000000 .
20 Now go ahead and lower the opacity to about 59 % and you should have something that looks similar to the following :
21 Now we can add our title .
For the Category title , I used #FFFFFF for my font color , but lowered the Opacity of its layer to 60 % .
For the title I used the same method , but only lowered it to 85 % .
You image will look something like this :
Working on the photo banner : designing the post preview numbers
22 On the left side I went ahead and added a spot for you to choose which post is being viewed .
All I did was use my Elliptical Marquee Tool to make circles and fill them with black and placed white text inside .
23 For my active number 3 circle , I used the following blending options on its layer :
Website photo banner completed !
24 At this point your header will be complete and should look something like this :
Designing the post teasers
25 Now it is time to move onto how our posts will be displayed .
Using your Rectangle Marquee Tool make a selection similar to the following and fill it with #FFFFFF .
26 Next we want to go ahead and insert the following blending options onto its layer :
Post teaser design completed !
27 All we do now is just lay out how we want our post .
For my heading I used the color # 211213 and standard # 000000 for the description .
Go ahead and lay it out similar to the following using your Text Tool
Creating the layout ’s sidebar : the heading box
28 You can go ahead and use that layout for the rest of your posts .
Next we want to move onto our sidebar .
The first thing we want to do is to create a heading box .
So using your Rectangle Marquee Tool , make a selection similar to the following and fill it with # 000000 .
29 Now insert the following blending options onto its layer :
30 Your results should look like the following :
31 Now lets add some text .
Add your title with the font color # 323232 and use the following blending options on its layer :
32 You will get something that looks like this :
Creating the layout ’s sidebar : the sidebar content boxes
33 Next we need to make a box to place our content it .
Using your Rectangle Marquee
Tool yet again , make a box similar the following and fill it with # 000000 .
34 Next go ahead and insert the following blending options onto your layer :
35 Go ahead and add some content and repeat those steps and you will get something similar to the following :
The layout ’s footer
36 We are almost done !
The last step is to add a footer .
Using your Rectangle Marquee Tool , make a selection similar to the following at the bottom of our document and fill it with # 000000 .
37 Now go ahead and insert the following blending options onto its layer :
Congratulations – you ’re done !
38 Just add some text , and that is it !
Your template is complete .
When it is all said and done , your final results should look like the following :
Summary
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and found it useful to use on a future web design !
These tutorials should give you the vital skills that people look for in a web designer !
Your clients , whether a college or an artist , should be impressed if you can give them a unique , visually appealing , and easy to use website .
Finding Life in the Ice
As we contemplate using long - range tools like spectroscopy to examine distant exoplanets for life , we ’re also developing the hands - on equipment we ’ll need for seeking it out in our own Solar System .
Project SLIce ( Signatures of Life in Ice ) is a case in point , an attempt to study how organic material behaves in ice on other worlds by using Earth settings as an analogy .
On that score , the archipelago of Svalbard has proven to be a helpful testbed .
Located in the Arctic Ocean between Norway and the North Pole , Svalbard is icy and spectacular .
The image below conjures up memories of a nautical journey I took around Iceland in the 1970s , with white - capped seas pushing up against snow - clad peaks .
The SLIce team sees Svalbard as a laboratory for looking for extant or extinct life , and a place to develop the protocols for working with rovers in operating environments like Mars .
Image : I love Iceland , but pushing as far north as Svalbard would really bring out the adventurer in me .
Here we see rough seas in the Arctic Ocean with mountains and glaciers in the distance .
Credit : NASA / AMASE / Kirsten Fristad .
Here ’s Liane Benning ( University of Leeds ) discussing the procedures under examination :
“ For SLIce , we applied the protocol we had developed to take ice cores , process them and analyze them in the field just as would happen on a rover on Mars , and then of course we took them back to the lab and did a much wider range of tests , so we really knew what we had found .
There could be microbes living in the ice , but there could also be the dead bodies of microbes that used to live there , and there could be biological molecules that blew in from dust and micrometeorites .
We need to identify what we ’ve got , so that we know what it ’s telling us . ”
And if that earlier image did n’t make you think of Mars , at least the non-aqueous part of the image below should .
Here ’s we ’re looking at the Redbeds in Bockfjorden .
These are layered sediments in northern Svalbard that may be similar to layered sedimentary deposits on Mars ( credit : Kjell Ove Storvick / AMASE ) .
An early SLIce result , described at the Goldschmidt2009 geochemistry meeting in Davos last week :
The best place to look for microorganisms in ice is in the layers close to the surface .
That ’s good to know , because a planetary rover is going to be able to sample such environments much more readily than those several meters beneath .
Also helpful is the team ’s discovery that cleaning the rover ’s sample scoop is harder than it looks , leaving dead micro-organisms on it even after it had apparently been sterilized .
New procedures have resolved the problem , ensuring we do n’t inadvertently ‘ discover ’
Earth organisms that have found their way along for the ride .
What happens as we move further out in the Solar System ?
It ’s interesting to speculate on the status of microorganisms near the surface in a radiation - withered environment like that of Europa .
But as Richard Greenberg has convincingly demonstrated in his book Unmasking Europa ( Springer , 2008 ) , the movement of ice on that world should bring material to the surface — search in the right place and life ’s remnants may be close at hand .
Now all we have to do is find the funding for a Europa lander ( which may be harder to do than flying the mission itself ) , while developing sufficient radiation shielding to make it feasible .
Astrobiology offers no shortage of challenges .
Ethical investment is on the road to the mainstream .
According to the Ethical Investment Research Service ( EIRIS ) £ 9.8 bn is now invested in ethical and environmental funds in the UK - a small , but significant and growing figure .
Now current accounts at ethical banks and credit unions are also getting a welcome boost , perhaps as consumers turn away from high street banks over the past 18 months .
The Cooperative Bank is probably the best known option in this sector .
In last week 's banking special at Ethical Consumer Magazine , the bank was one of our " Best Buys " for current accounts , scoring 6/20 on our rating system Ethiscore , which ranks companies on 22 criteria including climate change performance , worker rights and environmental reporting .
Consumers have been flocking to ethical alternatives in the banking sector in recent months , including the old mutual building societies .
Triodos , ( Ethiscore 14.5/20 ) saw its number of customers grow by a quarter in 2008 , and Ecology Building Society ( Ethiscore 16/20 ) has seen a vast increase in savings deposited since the crunch , building on a 10 % increase in 2007 .
Britannia Building Society , currently merging with the Co-op Group to form a " super- mutual " , noted that 140,000 new savings accounts had been opened in the quarter to February .
Credit unions are also benefiting from the credit crunch .
Twenty - one credit unions offer current account services , managed through the Coop .
Developed in the 19th century , credit unions are non-profit financial cooperatives , owned and controlled by their members .
The members of any one credit union all share a " common bond " which could be living or working in the same area , having the same employer or belonging to the same church , trade union or other organisation .
Members pool their savings , allowing loans to be made , often to those that would n't find credit through a high street bank – and helping to keep people out of the hands of local loan sharks .
There are approximately 600 in the UK with around a million members .
This spread of assets into a diverse range of institutions , each with their own particular set of rules , can only be healthy for the financial system .
In recent years , money had become concentrated in certain areas of the economy , a phenomenon likened by economist Richard Bronk to " monoculture " .
" Just as relying on only one seed strain leaves agriculture at risk of catastrophic crop failure , " said Bronk , so the banking system was at risk when financial products started resembling monoculture .
The " exotic " and " innovative " financial instruments exacerbating the credit crunch , were in reality the fruit of a monoculture among banks who all acted and made decisions in the same way .
Perhaps , then , we 're seeing the introduction of a bit of healthy monetary permaculture in the financial system .
We could do with more .
A coalition of unions , small businesses , charities and campaign groups , including the New Economics Foundation have launched a campaign for a " people 's bank " built on the Post Office network .
The nationalised banks are another species again .
There 's a remarkably close correlation between the best and worst scoring institutions on Ethical Consumer 's Ethiscore ranking and how they have fared in the credit crunch .
Many appear to be failing in their duty to society as well as to shareholders .
RBS ( Ethiscore 3/20 ) for example has been heavily criticised for its investment in fossil fuels and its use of tax havens .
Now that they are nationalised , Northern Rock ( Ethiscore 12/20 ) , RBS and Lloyds ( Ethiscore 3/20 ) are in a prime position to become leaders in social banking .
As the economic crisis worsens this might become an imperative to avoid rising repossessions and provide small short - term loans to small business .
The possibilities for the banks under state control are massive but people must put pressure on the government to ensure that they start to fulfil a social function .
In the US the coalition A New Way Forward has been formed by groups and individuals to support an alternative bailout strategy and last week they held demonstration across 50 cities .
Who knows where this pressure might lead and what might be possible in the future - socially owned banks investing in socially useful projects ?
• Tim Hunt is a journalist for Ethical Consumer Magazine
I 'm asking a number of BB friends to contribute guest posts here on the situation in Iran .
Next New Networks founder Tim
Shey was flying from NYC to LA yesterday , and had an interesting personal story — he kindly obliged my request to write it up for BB .
Tim says :
Like a lot of other Virgin America passengers lately I joined the Mile High WiFi club today , and spent the first hour or so of the flight being marginally productive — staying in touch with the office via IM and email , catching up on some writing and planning , that sort of thing — but pretty much ending every conversation or message I had with anyone with " and I 'm doing this from A MILE IN THE AIR ! "
For someone who still remembers the earliest days of dialup , and has n't completely mastered his animal terror at the sensation of flying at 500 mph in a metal tube 32,000 feet above the ground , especially every time a patch of turbulence hits , the idea that we can get fast , stable , $ 15 Wifi to work on a jet plane seems like technology that 's getting close to magic .
But as I starting scanning Twitter , Facebook , and Tumblr , again for the novelty of doing it in the air , I started seeing postings from friends about the Iranian protests that CNN had also been covering since Obama 's AMA speech had ended .
First , a Twitter post from Brett Bullington , reblogging a post from John Perry Barlow that you could search Twitter within 15 miles of Iran .
I got glued to the stream of messages there , and then hit this vein of extraordinary photos posted on Twitpic by @ Iranpishi , especially this one , which I immediately posted to my blog , again amazed that I could follow all this from a plane .
Just a few years ago , we got onto a plane and shut the doors , and we could land on a different planet than the one we took off from , depending on what had happened in our world in those eight hours ; and just eight months ago , I spent election night flying on a plane across country , feeling cut off from the web and the rest of the world as our plane watched Obama win the presidency and change the world on our little in - seat screens ( Daisy Whitney also happened to be on the flight , and wrote this TV Week column about it ) .
This time , though , plugged in and reblogging photos coming out of Tehran and seeing people on the ground then reblogging my posts , I felt like a participant .
As all this was happening , I looked a seat up ahead of me , and saw a young woman also tuned to the footage on CNN , and signing up on her laptop for a citizen journalist account on iReport .
I then watched her tabbing through a number of Farsi - language news sites and her Facebook stream , where she was IM - ing and reposting news stories about the protests from her friends in English and Farsi .
I leaned over , gave her a card with my email , and asked if she might be willing to forward anything to me so I could share the links .
She looked at me and asked , " do you want the real stories of what 's going on , or just what some of the news outlets are telling you ? "
I replied that I supposed I wanted the real story , not knowing what she 'd share , and within a minute , we 'd become friends on Facebook , and a stream of stories and links were filling my inbox .
The first was an open letter to the world from a group called Iranian Artists in Exile , and I 'm posting the full text and video of here .
It 's a political letter , and should be read critically as such — but I have n't seen this posted many places elsewhere besides The Washington Times , and that 's what this day has been all about — technology connecting people around the world , and getting us access to voices and perspectives to us we might not have heard otherwise .
We have come through the summer and , before we know it , we will be thrust into the cold depths of winter where we will have to contend with snowy roads , icy paths and freezing temperatures .
It all sounds like fun , does n’t it ?
Before we go any further , there is no …
By Peter Hennessy and Sanchia Berg
Today programme
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
What was once the most secret of all British government documents has been released in full .
During the Cold War , civil servants used to rehearse the end of the world - what would happen if deterrence failed and nuclear war became inevitable .
David Young , a former senior civil servant in the MoD , recalls one of the " transition to war " exercises of the early 1970s .
" R hour would be the final release of nuclear weapons .
There may have been an earlier tactical use of nuclear weapons but R hour was everything that 's left goes " .
" I participated in one R hour in the early hours of the morning and I remember reporting on it afterwards through the newly installed closed circuit TV .
And foolishly saying because of the day of the week - ' There we are , R hour , sic transit gloria Thursday ' .
' Weaken deterrence '
The exercise was taken very seriously - and jokes were frowned on , even if they were elegant puns on Latin phrases - " sic transit gloria mundi " is , of course , " so passes the world 's glory " .
Mr Young said : " I subsequently learned the Foreign Secretary Alec Douglas Home said , ' Who is that very foolish young man ? ' "
The transition to war exercises took place every two years during the Cold War , and were an integral part of deterrence .
If the Soviet Union knew the West had very detailed plans to deal with nuclear war , the argument went , it would be less likely to attack .
On that occasion , in the 70s , Mr Young played the role of defence secretary - as ministers themselves were not encouraged to take part .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" They would be disinclined to play by the rules .
Some of them quite liked talking , so you 'd get behind time , and there would be a fear that if they showed a reluctance to do what the military believed was necessary that this would weaken deterrence , " he said .
The purpose was to test the government War Book .
To see , for instance , if the plan gave the BBC enough notice to staff its wartime bunker , or if the plans to round up " subversives " were in the right order .
Parts of the War Book have been released before but this is the first time the whole document has been declassified .
Having the full War Book means it can be decoded to reveal what would happen and when .
To get the nation from a peacetime to a wartime footing and beyond was a remarkable enterprise .
It must have been one of the most terrible jobs in Whitehall - literally requiring people in immense secrecy to peer into the abyss .
The scenarios for some of the exercises have already been released .
For instance , the one which began in late September 1968 includes the Soviet Union landing astronauts on the Moon .
Soviet ' Moon landing '
The file has mock daily briefings from the Joint Intelligence Committee on international events - the Home Front is covered by bulletins from civil defence officials in the Home Office .
Every day the " cabinet " of civil servants would meet and decide which parts of the War Book to implement .
By 17 October , the day of the Soviet Moon landing , tension had risen .
Czechoslovakian and Hungarian troops were said to be massing on the border with Austria .
Soviet fighters had been harassing civil aircraft in the Berlin corridors , causing an American airliner to crash .
Meanwhile , in the UK , people were getting nervous .
The mock news bulletins report that " letters are beginning to appear in newspapers asking when advice is going to be given to householders about protecting their homes " .
And in the Cabinet Office , the mock cabinet implemented a number of War Book measures , including alerting civil servants who would have to man the regional bunkers .
If the bombs dropped , these would have been the regional centres of government .
Warsaw Pact ' invasion '
That exercise , like the others , proceeded with grim inevitability .
Warsaw Pact troops ' invaded ' Austria , then West Germany , Finland , Turkey , Greece and Italy .
There were reports that biological and chemical weapons had been used .
Scandinavia was threatened .
Meanwhile , people started staying away from work and there was heavy demand at builder 's yards for the materials to build household refuges , as well as long queues at food shops .
When the Soviet forces " attacked " Danish islands , people started moving out of British cities .
There were anti-war demonstrations in Downing Street but they petered out as the Soviet advance continued
The mock cabinet implemented the last phases of the War Book - removing major art treasures from London to Edinburgh , discharging all but the acutely ill from hospital and setting up the machinery of justice in wartime .
The plans go into extraordinary detail - there is even one note to charge premiums for government reinsurance against war risk .
My favourite measure , the one which always aroused a lot of debate when we played these exercises , was the introduction of censorship for private correspondence
Sir David Omand
That exercise ends with R hour - the release of all nuclear weapons .
David
Young says his hairs still stand up when he thinks of it .
" That 's not an easy decision to participate in .
Even though you know it 's just an exercise , but it makes you think . "
Sir David Omand , latterly chairman of Whitehall 's Security and Intelligence Committee , also took part in these exercises for many years , right up to the early 1990s .
He once played the prime minister , an experience he described as " scary " .
" My favourite measure , the one which always aroused a lot of debate when we played these exercises , was the introduction of censorship for private correspondence .
You can imagine that was something that ministers would only agree to right at the very end when it was clear that war was inevitable . "
Civil servants do not rehearse nuclear Armageddon any more .
They still run planning exercises , though - usually involving a major terrorist attack .
' What do we do ? '
Sir David was permanent secretary at the Home Office in 2000 when the fuel protests took place .
He said when that started nobody had any real plans for dealing with it - as a result of which the first few days were chaotic .
" I recall Jack Straw as home secretary turning to me and saying , " This is n't working - what do we do ? "
So they adapted plans for other emergencies .
" We took over the bunker , and installed a chief constable , and representatives of the oil companies , and some civil servants , and we built from scratch a crisis management machine .
And that 's exactly what you do n't want to have to do in a crisis because a lot of time 's spent just organising who 's going to talk to who and how it 's going to work . "
Sir David says planning has improved since then .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The new Porsche Panamera is the best - handling big sedan in the world , which I grant is a little like being the smartest kid on the Arizona State football team or the most chaste governor of South Carolina .
No matter how hard you try -- and Porsche ’s engineers have busted their adorable lederhosen here -- a 4,344 - pound , 16.3 - foot four - door cannot beguile physics like a sports car , and it certainly cannot be made to handle anything like a 911 .
The Panamera thus presents Porsche with a problem of brand ontology : What is a Porsche ?
If you ’ve spent much time in a Boxster , Cayman or 911 Carrera , new or old , you know the feeling of these cars : cold - rolled and heat - tempered , hard and light , nap of the Earth , edgy and reactive , ineffably masculine , a disposition that is to other sports cars what Dexedrine is to Geritol .
The Panamera is none of that .
Compared with a 911 , this thing handles like well - upholstered field artillery .
There ’s nothing flickable or silver - heeled about the Panamera , and although its limits are truly spectacular -- the Turbo model with the Sport Chrono package can carrier - launch from zero to 60 mph in 4 seconds , generate 1 g of cornering force and brake to a stop from 188 mph in a tongue - unraveling 7 seconds -- the Panamera requires nothing so much as deliberation at the wheel .
Advertisement
This is a big car ( 76 inches wide on a 115 - inch wheelbase ) with a mighty 4.8 - liter V8 up front ( 400 horsepower , or 500 hp in turbo trim ) .
There ’s no trailing - throttle oversteer bringing the tail around as there is in a rear - engine 911 .
No capering through the esses .
Yes , you can make the Panamera do amazing things .
Bring a whip and a chair .
Porsche ’s chieftains know they are trying to bridge a conceptual gulf here , so you ’ll notice the advertising harping on this notion of this gran turismo being a “ true ” Porsche , to the point of protesting too much .
I take a different view .
It ’s a car made by Porsche , with breathtaking engineering that is routine for Weissach .
The materials are exquisite , the seats are fantastic , the four - seat interior design is the best on the market and the whole thing is so summarily pleasurable it makes me want to empty out the nearest FDIC - insured facility with a tommy gun , a la John Dillinger .
To nail the throttle , and bring all 567 pound - feet of torque online ( in Sport Plus mode ) , is to know the giddy excitement of falling into a black hole .
That 1,000 - piece horn section that must have played unceasingly in Richard Wagner ’s balmy head ?
It ’s in the exhaust .
Advertisement
I love the big , through - cabin console with its switches arrayed like the stripes on a sergeant ’s sleeve .
Among the hundredweight of amenities are things such as a second navigation display embedded in the instrument panel and an optional Burmester audiophile sound system , a 1,000 - watt , 16 - channel / speaker unit that is the best road - going audio I ’ve ever heard .
The damned car is magnificent .
But it is not made of the same charmed isotopes as the 911 , and therefore is not a Porsche .
Sorry .
Ironically , the company ’s determination to have the Panamera received as a true Porsche has led to the car ’s greatest downfall : its exterior styling .
Or is that a pratfall ?
If you look closely , you ’ll see that styling chief Michael Mauer has essentially taken the front and rear of a 911 and rudely grafted two sets of sedan doors in between .
I understand this was done in the name of brand continuity , to retain the styling vocabulary of Porsche , in which there is real equity .
But , jeez , this is n’t styling -- this is some kind of weird enlargement surgery you go to South America for .
We ’ve been here before .
When Porsche introduced the Cayenne sport utility vehicle seven years ago , the company turned itself inside out explaining how a 5,600 - pound SUV with a two - speed transfer case was spiritual heir to a 917 Long Tail .
But it turned out that it really did n’t matter .
The Porsche SUV turned out to be the heresy that everyone was looking for , and the Cayenne became Porsche ’s bestselling model .
Like the Cayenne , the Panamera is vital to Porsche ’s long - term profitability and plans for expansion -- and , one assumes , the ultimate goal of taking over VW , the minnow swallowing the whale .
Advertisement
The company expects to build 20,000 Panameras a year at its Leipzig , Germany , assembly hall .
The base model is the rear - drive Panamera S ( $ 89,900 ) ; then there ’s the all - wheel - drive 4S ( $ 93,000 ) and the Turbo ( $ 132,600 ) .
All U.S. - spec cars will be equipped with the exquisite seven - speed , double - clutch PDK gearbox .
Within a year Porsche will offer a V6 base model and -- brace yourself , Sunshine -- a hybrid version .
Also like the Cayenne , the Panamera is laced into a sports car corset with an astonishing ligature of adaptive damping , optional air suspension , active aerodynamics , active anti-roll bars and all manner of traction and stability assists , as well as anti-lock and anti-fade braking technologies .
This thing runs on silicon as much as petroleum .
The adaptive air suspension , for instance , enables drivers to raise the car an inch to get in and out of driveways ; it also enables the car to squat down an inch in Sport Plus mode , for better cornering stability and lower aero-drag .
On the Turbo , the four - piece rear wing deploys in stages until , at 127 mph , it attains a 10 - degree attack angle for max down force until the car reaches its top speed of 188 mph .
I hit 180 mph , and the car could n’t have been more civilized and nailed down .
What kind of sick mind makes a car cabin quiet at those speeds ?
Advertisement
Yes , the Bentley Flying Spur is faster , with a 202 - mph top speed , but the Panamera Turbo would obliterate the Bentley on a road course .
Obviously , there ’s a lot of technology on this car , and one enormous fig leaf of environmental respectability .
The Panamera comes with a stop - start feature that will , under the right circumstances , kill the engine at a stoplight to improve fuel economy .
Yes , but for the lake of fire under the hood , that ’s very efficient .
--
Advertisement
dan.neil@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
2010 Porsche Panamera Turbo with Sports Chrono package
Advertisement
Base price : $ 132,600
Price as tested : $ 145,000 ( est . )
Powertrain : Turbocharged and intercooled direct - injection 4.8 - liter V8 with variable valve timing and lift ; seven - speed dual - clutch transmission ; all - wheel drive
Horsepower : 500 at 6,500 rpm
Advertisement
Torque : 516 pound - feet of torque ( 567 pound - feet in Sport Plus mode )
Curb weight : 4,344 pounds
Wheelbase : 115 inches
Overall length : 195.7 inches
Advertisement
0 -60 mph : 4 seconds
EPA fuel economy : 21 miles per gallon city / highway combined
Final thoughts : Spectacular and very Porsche - like . . . but not
Source : Porsche
Is anyone else as sick as I am of all the mainstream news coverage on Twitter ?
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a Twitter fan , and I 've been a user since 2006 .
To me , it 's a form of public instant messaging -- yet another way to maximize the value of my keystrokes .
Still , I 'm a little perplexed as to the media 's near - obsession with the service .
If a day goes by now without the New York Times or CNN mentioning Twitter in some way , I become concerned .
Am I really getting all the news ?
Or just the stupid , too long , non -140 - character version of the news ?
I guess I should be pleased that I was a ( relatively ) early adopter and advocate of software that has achieved the rarest of feats in the software industry -- critical mass .
Adoption by the proverbial " average user " .
Whatever you may think of Twitter , consider this : as a software developer , you 'll be fortunate to build one project that achieves critical mass in your entire life .
And even then , only if you are a very , very lucky programmer : in the right place , at the right time , with the right idea , working with the right people .
Most of us never get there .
I do n't think I will .
There is one side effect of this unprecedented popularity , though , that I definitely would n't have predicted : the mainstreaming of URL shortening services .
You can barely use Twitter without being forced into near - mastery of URL shortening .
For example , this is the super - secret , patented formula I often use when composing my Twitter messages :
" brief summary or opinion " [ link for more detail ]
Twitter only allows 140 characters in each status update .
Some might view this as a limitation , but I consider it Twitter 's best feature .
I am all for enforced brevity .
Maybe that 's due to the pain of living through a lifetime of e m fail .
But depending on the size of the comment and the URL ( and some URLs can be ridiculously long ) , I can't quite fit everything in there without sounding like an SMS - addled teenage girl .
This is where URL shortening comes in .
Now , I know what you 're thinking .
You 're a clever programmer .
You could implement some kind of fancy jQuery callback to shorten the URL , and replace the longer URL with the shorter URL right there in the text as the user pauses in typing .
But you do n't even have to be that clever ; most of the URL shortening services ( that are n't in their infancy ) deliver a rather predictable size for the URLs they return .
You could simply estimate the size of the URL post - shortening -- maybe adding 1 character as a fudge factor for safety -- and allow the update .
Twitter , I can assure you , is far more brain damaged than you can possibly imagine .
It will indeed shorten URLs that fit in the 140 character limit ( whoopee ! ) , but it does nothing for URLs that do n't fit -- it will not allow you to submit the message .
All part of its endearing charm .
Lame , yes , but it means that the typical , mainstream browser - based Twitter user is forced to become proficient with URL shortening services .
Due to the increased exposure they 've enjoyed through Twitter 's meteoric rise to fame , the number of URL shortening services has exploded , and rapidly evolved -- they 're no longer viewed as utility services to make URLs more convenient , but a way to subjugate , control , and perhaps worst of all , " monetize " the web experience .
This is dangerous territory we 're veering into now , as Joshua Schachter explains .
So there are clear benefits for both the service ( low cost of entry , potentially easy profit ) and the linker ( the quick rush of popularity ) .
But URL shorteners are bad for the rest of us .
The worst problem is that shortening services add another layer of indirection to an already creaky system .
A regular hyperlink implicates a browser , its DNS resolver , the publisher 's DNS server , and the publisher 's website .
With a shortening service , you 're adding something that acts like a third DNS resolver , except one that is assembled out of unvetted PHP and MySQL , without the benevolent oversight of luminaries like Dan Kaminsky and St. Postel .
The web is little more than a maze of hyperlinks , and if you can insert yourself as an intermediary in that maze , you can transform or undermine the experience in fundamental ways .
Consider the disturbing directions newer URL shortening services are taking :
NotifyURL sends an email when the link is first visited .
SnipURL introduces social bookmarking features such as usernames and RSS feeds .
DwarfURL generates statistics .
Adjix , XR.com and Linkbee are ad - supported models of URL shorteners that share the revenue with their users .
bit.ly offers gratis click - through statistics and charts .
Digg offers a shortened URL which includes not just the target URL , but an iframed version that includes a set of Digg - related controls called the Digg bar .
Doiop allows the shortening to be selected by the user , and Unicode can be used to achieve really short URLs .
Believe it : the humble hyperlink , thanks to pervasive URL shortening , can now be wielded as a weapon .
The internet is the house that PageRank built , and it's all predicated on hyperlinks .
Once you start making every link your special flavor of " shortened " link , framing the target content -- heck , maybe wrapping it in a few ads for good measure -- you 've completely turned that system on its head .
What 's aggravating to me is that the current situation is completely accidental .
If Twitter had provided a sane way to link a single word , none of these weaselly URL shortening clones would have reared their ugly heads at all .
Consider how simple it is to decouple the hyperlink from the display text in , say , phpBB , or Markdown , or even good old HTML markup itself :
< a href = " http://example.com " >
foo</a> [ url=http://example.com]foo[/url] [ foo ] ( http://example.com)
Every tiny URL is another baby step towards destroying the web as we know it .
Which is exactly what you 'd want to do if you 're attempting to build a business on top of the ruins .
Personally , I 'd prefer to see the big , objective search engines who naturally sit at the center of the web offer their own URL shortening services .
Who better to generate short hashes of every possible URL than the companies who already have cached copies of every URL on the internet , anyway ?
Polyvinyl needs your help !
Some of our distributor ’s warehouses are being downsized or consolidated and we either need to destroy over 10,000 ...
Democratic Senators Nelson , Bayh and Baucus have voiced their opposition to public health insurance .
And Nelson , in particular , has come right and said that a public plan would succeed in making private plans look bad .
Nelson ’s problem , he told CQ , is that the public plan would be too attractive and would hurt the private insurance plans .
“ At the end of the day , the public plan wins the game , ” Nelson said .
Including a public option in a health plan , he said , was a “ deal breaker . ”
In other words , a public plan would be less expensive and more efficient than the bloated , for - profit criminals who are selling health insurance now .
The American people win .
But Nelson , Bayh and Baucus think this is a bad thing .
Nicole Belle discovers the obvious reason :
Go to Open Secrets to find out who has donated money to Nelson last few years for his re-election and whaddya know ?
Blue Cross / Blue Shield is in the top 5 with $ 31 K .
In fact , Nelson received more than $ 230,000 from the healthcare industry in the last four years .
Actually , HCAN lists more than $ 600,000 from the insurance industry to Nelson .
The insane thing is that under the president 's plan , private health carriers get to keep selling health insurance .
But now the government will offer a plan of its own at a fraction of the overhead .
Wo n't that encourage -- what 's that free market thing called ?
-- competition to win over people who might use the government plan ?
What Nelson , Bayh and Baucus ( and all of the Republicans ) want is a stacked game in which prices can remain high and services can remain shitty .
( Bumped )
It was a sobering breakfast with one of the smartest Republicans on Capitol Hill .
We can fix a lot of bad stuff President Barack Obama might do , he told me .
But if Mr. Obama signs into law a " public option , " government - run insurance program as part of health - care reform we wo n't be able to undo the damage .
I 'd go the Republican member of Congress one further : If Democrats enact a public - option health - insurance program , America is on the way to becoming a European - style welfare state .
To prevent this from happening , there are five arguments Republicans must make .
Getty Images
The first is it 's unnecessary .
Advocates say a government - run insurance program is needed to provide competition for private health insurance .
But 1,300 companies sell health insurance plans .
That 's competition enough .
The results of robust private competition to provide the Medicare drug benefit underscore this .
When it was approved , the Congressional Budget Office estimated it would cost $ 74 billion a year by 2008 .
Nearly 100 providers deliver the drug benefit , competing on better benefits , more choices , and lower prices .
So the actual cost was $ 44 billion in 2008 -- nearly 41 % less than predicted .
No government plan was needed to guarantee competition 's benefits .
Second , a public option will undercut private insurers and pass the tab to taxpayers and health providers just as it does in existing government - run programs .
For example , Medicare pays hospitals 71 % and doctors 81 % of what private insurers pay .
About Karl Rove Karl Rove served as Senior Advisor to President George W. Bush from 2000 –2007 and Deputy Chief of Staff from 2004 –2007 .
At the White House he oversaw the Offices of Strategic Initiatives , Political Affairs , Public Liaison , and Intergovernmental Affairs and was Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy , coordinating the White House policy making process .
Before Karl became known as " The Architect " of President Bush 's 2000 and 2004 campaigns , he was president of Karl Rove +
Company , an Austin - based public affairs firm that worked for Republican candidates , nonpartisan causes , and nonprofit groups .
His clients included over 75 Republican U.S. Senate , Congressional and gubernatorial candidates in 24 states , as well as the Moderate Party of Sweden .
Karl writes a weekly op - ed for The Wall Street Journal , is a Newsweek columnist and is now writing a book to be published by Simon & Schuster .
Email the author at Karl@Rove.com or visit him on the web at Rove.com .
Or , you can send him a Tweet @karlrove .
Who covers the rest ?
Government passes the bill for the outstanding balance to providers and families not covered by government programs .
This cost - shifting amounts to a forced subsidy .
Families pay about $ 1,800 more a year for someone else 's health care as a result , according to a recent study by Milliman Inc .
It 's also why many doctors limit how many Medicare patients they take :
They can afford only so much charity care .
Fixing prices at less than market rates will continue under any public option .
Sen . Edward Kennedy 's proposal , for example , has Washington paying providers what Medicare does plus 10 % .
That will lead to health providers offering less care .
Third , government - run health insurance would crater the private insurance market , forcing most Americans onto the government plan .
The Lewin Group estimates 70 % of people with private insurance -- 120 million Americans -- will quickly lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government - run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost - effective for them to drop coverage .
They'd be happy to shift some of the expense -- and all of the administration headaches -- to Washington .
And once the private insurance market has been dismantled it will be gone .
Fourth , the public option is far too expensive .
The cost of Medicare -- the purest form of a government - run " public choice " for seniors -- will start exceeding its payroll - tax " trust fund " in 2017 .
The Obama administration estimates its health reforms will cost as much as $ 1.5 trillion over the next 10 years .
It is no coincidence the Obama budget nearly triples the national debt over that same period .
Medicare and Medicaid cost much more than estimated when they were adopted .
One reason is there 's no competition for these government - run insurance programs .
In the same way , Americans can expect a public option to cost far more than the Obama administration 's rosy estimates .
Fifth , the public option puts government firmly in the middle of the relationship between patients and their doctors .
If you think insurance companies are bad , imagine what happens when government is the insurance carrier , with little or no competition and no concern you 'll change to another company .
In other words , the public option is just phony .
It 's a bait - and - switch tactic meant to reassure people that the president 's goals are less radical than they are .
Mr. Obama 's real aim , as some candid Democrats admit , is a single - payer , government - run health - care system .
Health care desperately needs far - reaching reforms that put patients and their doctors in charge , bring the benefits of competition and market forces to bear , and ensure access to affordable and portable health care for every American .
Republicans have plans to achieve this , and they must make their case for reform in every available forum .
Defeating the public option should be a top priority for the GOP this year .
Otherwise , our nation will be changed in damaging ways almost impossible to reverse .
Mr. Rove is the former senior adviser and deputy chief of staff to President George W. Bush .
Please add your comments to the Opinion Journal forum .
Who was Claude Monet ?
Oscar - Claude Monet
Oscar - Claude Monet ( 1840 - 1926 ) was a famous French painter .
Monet was one of the founders of the Impressionism movement along with his friends Renoir , Sisley and Bazille .
Claude Monet was born on November 14 , 1840 in Paris , France but he had spent his childhood in Le Havre .
There he had learned to paint in the open air under influence of his first mentor Eugène Boudin .
Even after Monet moved back to Paris and made a life lasting friendship with Pissarro , Cézanne , Renoir , Sisley and Bazille , he stayed loyal to nature becoming one of the foremost painters of landscape in the history of art .
Monet rejected the traditional approach to landscape painting and instead of copying old masters he had been learning from his friends and the nature itself .
Monet observed variations of color and light caused by the daily or seasonal changes .
After his first independent exhibition apart from the official Salon , organized with Sisley and Morisot the Impressionism movement was born , named after Monet 's Impression : Sunrise painting .
Even though the exhibition failed financially Monet becomes one of the most important and most popular painter in the history of art .
What should you do next ?
According to the Global Language Monitor , the English language this week crossed a threshold as the " one millionth word " entered the lexicon .
That word ?
" Web 2.0 . "
Global Language Monitor has a methodology by which it measures " new " words entering into English .
Though " Web 2.0 " has been around for years , GLM 's method of counting requires " a minimum of 25,000 citations with the necessary breadth of geographic distribution and depth of citations . "
" Web 2.0 " met that test this week , as did " n00 b " ( word 999,998 ) .
Both words passed into mainstream usage today , according to GLM .
Also on the listed of official new words this week : slumdog , cloud computing , Octomom ( seriously , Octomom ) , sexting , defriend , and recessionista .
The very precision of the " one million word " claim is patent nonsense , of course , depending entirely on how you count words , what 's excluded , and what the criteria is for something going " mainstream . "
GLM does not count , for instance , " the 600,000 species of mold " as separate words , nor do " the tens millions of lesser known chemical substances " make the list .
Stung by criticism from linguists , GLM 's FAQ includes the question , " A number of linguists disagree with the Million Word March .
Why ? "
And , in case the answer to that one does n't clear things up , there 's a second question : " Every so often , we hear arguments about the insurmountable obstacles in the path of estimating the number of words in the English Language .
How do you answer these arguments ? "
So , even if we English speakers are saddled with terms like " Web 2.0 , " " Octomom , " and " Brangelina , " we still have the privilege of working with one of the most supple languages in the world .
The answer to both questions is that estimates are used in everything from astronomy ( how many stars are there ? ) to climatology ( how much carbon dioxide is in the atmosphere ? ) ; language should be able to use the same techniques .
Which is all true , of course , but the cautious language of approximation and guesswork is totally absent from the announcement .
" As expected , English crossed the 1,000,000 word threshold on June 10 , 2009 at 10:22 am GMT , " said Paul JJ Payack , president and chief word analyst of the Global Language Monitor .
One is reminded of history 's repeated prognostications about the year , month , and hour of the world 's end .
But the larger point , one that goes far beyond the Million Word March , is that the vibrancy of English , which began in the late 16th century , continues undiminshed .
The language has seen an explosion of words ever since the " new learning " of the Renaissance imported thousands of Greek and Latin terms into English , and a massive stock of French words still lingers in the language thanks to the Norman Conquest .
So today 's international linguistic diversity is nothing new for the language .
Many of the most recent words are American rather than from the UK , while others are Indian ( " slumdog " and " Jai Ho ! " were just behind " Web 2.0 " ) .
By some measures , English now has more words than any other in the world .
Simon Winchester , who wrote a wonderful book about the creation of the Oxford English Dictionary and the mad , American , penis - slashing Civil War vet who made such a tremendous contribution to the work , celebrated English diversity this week in a fine Telegraph essay .
" I just cannot imagine any other language offering such opportunities for gaiety and fun , " he said .
" Reading recently that both the Germans and the Chinese have cracked down on the names people are allowed to have , and knowing that the French and the Italians still have gloom - laden academies to protect the so - called purity of their languages , strips out all the amusement and joy that is so very apparent in the tongue we speak so happily .
I feel for them , poor deprived purists . "
So , even if we English speakers are saddled with terms like " Web 2.0 , " " Octomom , " and " Brangelina , " we still have the privilege of working with one of the most supple languages in the world .
Want to write entirely in English but adopt a Latinate vocabulary ?
You can .
An Anglo - Saxon vocabulary ?
You can .
French ?
Mais oui .
An Indian vocabulary ?
We 're getting there — and have been ever since " pyjamas " and " mulligatawny " entered the language .
So here 's to English in all its crazed , orthographically challenged , multinational glory ; may it live long and prosper , like some open source wiki run amok across the earth .
European shares fell on Monday , pressured by losses for financials as investors continued to fret about the health of the banking sector .
See full story .
Economic Preview :
No sign of bottoming as data seen plunging lower
You know things are bad when the best economic news over the coming week is likely to be a report showing that consumers paid higher prices for goods and services .
See full story .
The Spiral : Japan 's deflation sapped spending , but made bargains
As some economists now fear the U.S. economy could be teetering on the brink of a deflationary spiral , Americans can look to Japan ’s experience for some idea of what could lie ahead .
See full story .
This release is available in Chinese .
Before oil hunters in the early 1800s harpooned whales by the score , the ocean around New Zealand teemed with about 27,000 southern right whales - roughly 30 times as many as today - according to one of several astonishing reconstructions of ocean life in olden days to be presented at a Census of Marine Life conference May 26 - 28 .
At about the same time , UK researchers say large pods of blue whales and orcas , blue sharks and thresher sharks darkened the waters off Cornwall , England , herds of harbour porpoise pursued fish upriver , and dolphins regularly played in waters inshore .
Using such diverse sources as old ship logs , literary texts , tax accounts , newly translated legal documents and even mounted trophies , Census researchers are piecing together images - some flickering , others in high definition - of fish of such sizes , abundance and distribution in ages past that they stagger modern imaginations .
They are also documenting the timelines over which those giant marine life populations declined .
For example , Census scientists say the size of freshwater fish caught by Europeans started shrinking in medieval times .
Researchers James Barrett and Jen Harland ( Cambridge University , UK ) , Cluny Johnstone ( York University , UK ) and Mike Richards ( Max Planck Institute , Germany ) say a shift from eating locally - caught freshwater to marine fish species occurred around 1000 AD .
That 's consistent with analyses of scientifically - dated fish remains and historical data from England and northwestern Europe showing smaller freshwater fish and fewer species availability in early medieval times , likely caused by increased exploitation and pollution .
Maria Lucia De Nicolò of the Università di Bologna , meanwhile , has established that new fishing boats and equipment invented in the 1500s made it possible to venture from coastal to deep sea fishing .
The real revolution in marine fishing , she says , happened in the mid-1600s when pairs of boats began dragging a net .
Appraising modern marine life through the narrow window of observations during recent decades " skews perceptions , " says Andy Rosenberg of the University of New Hampshire , a leader of the Census ' History of Marine Animal Population ( HMAP ) project and chair of the conference .
He says new insights allowed by centuries of information are upending modern notions of " natural " marine life sizes , abundance , habitats and vulnerability , and causing authorities to revisit marine baselines .
In most places human - caused changes to marine ecosystems occurred over millennia while reliable information is often available for just the last few centuries at best .
In New Zealand , however , which was first settled by fewer than 300 eastern Pacific islanders around 1280 AD , there is a comparatively short and continuous record of human impacts on the marine environment , including whaling for southern right whales .
This short and well - documented history allows researchers to quantify the full scope of change in at least this one marine ecosystem , from before human presence to the present day , and makes the findings more relevant to policy makers , who plan to use the results as a realistic baseline against which the current and future status of the marine ecosystem can be gauged .
The estimated historic size of New Zealand 's southern right whale ( Eubalaena australis , www.eol.org/pages/313009) population , for example , is already being incorporated into models of the New Zealand coastal ecosystem to help guide conservation and management .
The Census HMAP team , Jennifer Jackson and Scott Baker ( Oregon State University , US ) , Emma Carroll and Nathalie Patenaude ( University of Auckland , New Zealand ) , and Tim Smith ( US National Marine Fisheries Service ) , estimated the original population through analysis of over 150 whaling logbooks and other records .
And they say with 95 % statistical confidence that southern right whales numbered between 22,000 and 32,000 in the early 1800s , declining rapidly once whaling began .
By 1925 , perhaps as few as 25 reproductive females survived .
Today a remnant -- and hopefully recovering - of 1,000 animals is being studied around sub-Antarctic islands south of New Zealand .
Says Alison MacDiarmid , a New Zealand government scientist who organized the work : " These findings point up the need to re-examine the role southern right whales once played both as a grazer of zooplankton and prey , especially during calving close inshore , for killer whales and great white sharks . "
Oceans Past II Conference , 2009
International scientists arriving in Vancouver for the second Oceans Past conference ( www.hmapcoml.org/oceanspast, May 26 - 28 , hosted by the University of British Columbia ) , will share such other surprises as these :
Human fishing and impacts on near - shore and island marine life - including the catching of shellfish , finfish and other marine mammals - apparently began in many parts in the Middle Stone Age - 300,000 to 30,000 years ago - 10 times earlier than previously believed ;
Passages of Latin and Greek verse written in 2nd century CE suggest Romans began trawling with nets ;
In the early to mid 1800s , years of overfishing followed by extreme weather collapsed a European herring fishery .
Then , the jellyfish that herring had preyed upon flourished , seriously altering the food web ;
In the mid 1800s , periwinkle snails and rockweed migrated from England to Nova Scotia on the rocks ships carried as ballast - the tip of an " invasion iceberg " of species brought to North America ;
In less than 40 years , Philippine seahorses plunged to just 10 % of their original abundance , reckoned in part through fishers ' reports of each having caught up to 200 in a night in the early days of that fishery .
A new context for contemporary ocean management
Says Ian Poiner , Chair of the Census Scientific Steering Committee : " Joni Mitchell once famously sang that ' you do n't know what you 've got ' til it 's gone . '
But when it comes to marine life , in many cases we 're only just starting to fully realize what the planet once had . "
" The insights emerging from this research of the past provide a new context for contemporary ocean management .
Understanding the magnitude and drivers of change long ago is essential to accurately interpret today 's trends and to make future projections . "
Dr. Poiner adds that establishing environmental history in mainstream marine science will be one of the Census ' enduring legacies .
Scientists involved in the research hail from many disciplines , including palaeontology , archaeology , history , fisheries and ecology .
Using creativity to reveal marine change
Demonstrating one of many novel research techniques , HMAP Caribbean researcher Loren McClenachan of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , compared photos of 13 groups of " trophy " reef fish landed by Key West - area sport fishermen between 1956 and 2007 .
They revealed that average fish size shrank from an estimated 20 kg to 2.3 kg and that the mix of species changed greatly .
From 1956 to 1960 , large groupers and other large predatory fish dominated the catches , including sharks that averaged nearly two meters long .
By contrast , small snappers with an average length of 34.4 cm dominated catches in 2007 .
A special focus on changing coastal biodiversity
HMAP researchers are also looking closely into the history near Atlantic shores , assessing changes in coastal biodiversity over time .
To illuminate patterns of change by seeing what used to be , project scientists are subjecting rich historical data from five countries to modern sampling and analysis methods , testing the hypothesis that biodiversity has suffered more at sea than on land .
Lessons also from past recoveries
" Most histories of successful marine recoveries are found among mammals and birds , but cases involving marine reptiles and fish also exist .
Only in a few cases , however , did they fully recover their former abundance , " says researcher Heike Lotze of Canada 's Dalhousie University .
Lotze points to hopeful examples of recoveries - sea otters of western North America , elephant seals of Guadalupe , an island off the coast of Baja California , and the Pacific gray whales that roam the American coast , for example - and the causes behind them .
" In the past , some combination of reduced or banned exploitation , pollution controls or habitat protection , especially of breeding colonies and feeding grounds , propelled recovery " she says .
Recovery potential can depend on the magnitude of depletion , the life history of the animals , and the time since collapse .
Long - lived marine animals rebound more slowly than short - lived species .
Species diversity and food webs have also been identified as important drivers for recovery .
And where species have disappeared , their reintroduction by humans can help , says Lotze .
Seeing important patterns over time
" Forecasting and backcasting are two sides of the same coin , " says Jesse Ausubel , Program Director of the Census at the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation .
" Analytic tools developed by ecologists to predict future abundance have been adapted to reconstruct histories of marine life . "
" HMAP 's evidence includes a variety of items such as old restaurant menus , whalebone buttons , logbooks and lore , paintings and pavements , isotopes and ice .
HMAP researchers keep extending the limits of knowledge by finding new ways to make the past visible .
They help us to lift self - imposed blinders on what constitutes useful source material , " he adds .
He notes a text written in Sicily in 1153 describing the seas of the North Atlantic as having " animals of such great size that the inhabitants of the islands use their bones and vertebrae in place of wood to build houses .
They make hammers , arrows , spears , knives , seats , steps , and in general every sort of thing elsewhere made of wood . "
" The History of Marine Animal Populations project gives a head start of decades and even centuries in anticipating trends - both good and bad .
Integration of this information will extend databases to help perceive important patterns over larger areas , longer eras and covering more forms of life more reliably . "
Concludes Poul Holm , Professor at Trinity College Dublin and global chair of the HMAP project : " While the history of marine animal populations has been one of the great unknowns , recent advances in scientific and historical methodology have enabled HMAP to expand the realm of the known and the knowable . "
" We now know that the distribution and abundance of marine animal populations change dramatically over time .
Climate and humanity forces changes and while few marine species have gone extinct , entire marine ecosystems may have been depleted beyond recovery .
Understanding historical patterns of resource exploitation and identifying what has actually been lost in the habitat is essential to develop and implement recovery plans for depleted marine ecosystems . "
###
Vancouver conference themes include :
Historical patterns of change in marine ecosystems ;
The social and economic drivers and consequences of the changes ;
Historical examples of ecosystem recoveries and prospects for future recoveries ; and
The Sea Ahead : the Future of Marine Ecosystems ( sponsored by the Peter Wall Institute for Advanced Studies , University of British Columbia ) .
Census of Marine Life
Started in the year 2000 , the Census of Marine Life is an international science research program uniting thousands of researchers worldwide with the goal of assessing and explaining the diversity , distribution and abundance of marine life .
It is supported by private sources and government agencies the world over , listed online at www.coml.org/support.
The Census of Marine Life 2010 : A Decade of Discovery , to be released in London in October 2010 , will address three questions :
What lived in the ocean ?
What lives in the ocean ?
What will live in the ocean ?
The Census ' History of Marine Animal Populations project was created to address these questions :
How have marine animal diversity , distribution , and abundance changed in the last 2,000 years ?
Which factors forced or influenced those changes ?
What has been the significance of those changes to humans and the environment ?
and
By what processes have marine ecosystems interacted with human societies ?
Since the project began , some 205 books and papers have been published .
And the HMAP database ( www.hull.ac.uk/hmap) today holds approximately 350,000 records , with a goal of 1,000,000 records by the end of 2010 .
The preservation of data will be ensured through the creation of a World Repository for Marine Environmental History Data .
In 2010 , HMAP will publish a general environmental history of marine animal populations , an image gallery , a series of maps of historical exploitations and impacts , and papers that synthesize information on historical declines and recoveries .
Of particular note , the World Whaling HMAP project is in the process of creating colorful , large - format world maps showing the distribution of 19th century whaling ships and their prey , providing simple , high - impact visual representations of the times and places of whaling in that era .
Based on records of 70,000 whale encounters over 450,000 days at sea , the maps invite comparisons of past and current whale distribution patterns , allowing resource managers to identify where populations have and have not recovered .
HMAP Sponsors
The History of Marine Animal Populations project receives funding from sources around the world .
Contributors to research specified in this release include :
The Danish Council for Independent Research , Humanities Division ;
Leverhulme Trust ;
Lenfest Ocean Program ;
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation ;
National Institute of Water & Atmospheric Research Ltd. ;
New Zealand Biodiversity Fund administered by the New Zealand Ministry of Fisheries ; US Environmental Protection Agency STAR Fellowship Program , and
The Future of Marine Animal Populations , a fellow Census of Marine Life project .
Many divisions of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration provided support , including :
The Office of Ocean Exploration ;
Northeast Fisheries Science Center ;
NOAA Preserve America Initiative ;
Marine Sanctuaries Program ;
Reef Conservation Program ;
National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science ;
National Marine Fisheries Service ; and
OAR Cooperative Institute .
Additonal contacts :
Ms. Darlene Trew Crist , +1-401-295-1356 ; +1-401-952-7692 ; darlene.crist@cox.net
Mr. Gregg Schmidt , +1-202- 448-1231 ; gschmidt@oceanleadership.org
Dr. Anne Marboe , +4546742903 , +4524202288 ; marboe@ruc.dk
For obvious reasons , I have been thinking a lot about healthcare recently .
One important question is , why does the United States spend so much more on healthcare than other nations do ?
There are surely myriad reasons for the international differences , but part of the answer can be gleaned from this passage by Uwe Reinhardt , Gerard Anderson , and Peter Hussey ( via an old post of Ezra Klein ) :
One can think of several reasons why physician compensation in the United States is relatively more generous than elsewhere .
First , physicians in most other nations face a powerful single buyer ( monopsony ) for health services .
As the McKinsey Global Institute and Mark Pauly have shown , market power ( or regulation ) translates into relatively lower prices for health services , including the services of physicians .
Second , U.S. physicians must make a larger financial investment in their education than their counter parts in many other countries do ; they must recover the debt they incur as part of the educational process .
Third , the incomes of highly skilled health care workers — notably physicians — are determined partly with reference to the incomes that equally able and skilled professionals can earn elsewhere in the economy .
Because the U.S. distribution of earned income for all occupations is wider than it is in most other OECD countries , the relatively high incomes offered skil led professionals in the United States may well have served to pull up the incomes of American physicians relative to the incomes of their peers abroad .
Physicians ’ incomes are much higher in the United States than they are in other OECD countries .
In 1996 , the most recent year for which data are available for multiple countries , the average U.S. physician income was $ 199,000 .
The comparable OECD median physician income was $ 70,324 .
The ratio of the average income of U.S. physicians to average employee compensation for the United States as a whole was about 5.5 .
Germany ’s was the next highest , at only 3.4 ; Canada , 3.2 ; Australia , 2.2 ; Switzerland , 2.1 ; France , 1.9 ; Sweden , 1.5 ; and the United Kingdom , 1.4 .
Although the United States now has relatively fewer physicians per 1,000 population than the OECD median , its total national spending on physicians as a percentage of GDP is double the OECD median ( 2.9 percent in 1999 , compared with an OECD median of 1.3 percent ) .
U.S. physician spending peaked in 1991 –1992 at 3.0 percent after steadily rising from 1.7 percent in 1980 .
Since 1992 spending has more or less hovered around 3 percent .
OECD median spending has been mostly flat over the entire period , hovering between 1.1 and 1.4 percent of total spending .
As a dollar amount , U.S. per capita spending for physician services was the highest in the OECD in 1999 : $ 988 , compared with an OECD median of $ 342 .
Physician services accounted for 22.7 percent of total U.S. health spending in 1999 , compared with 15.2 percent in the median OECD country .
Based on this reading , and in particular on the three hypotheses outlined in their last paragraph , here are some questions for class discussion :
On the issue of monopsony power : Explain how a large government healthcare plan ( a " single payer " being the extreme case ) could potentially reduce the wages of healthcare workers and thereby national healthcare costs .
What are the similarities and differences between this solution to high healthcare costs and a targeted income tax surcharge levied only on healthcare providers ( the revenue from which is rebated to all taxpayers ) ?
Are the policies you considered above efficient , using the economist 's standard definition of efficiency ?
Are they equitable , as judged by your own notion of fairness ?
In your opinion , does your analysis argues for or against a government - run healthcare plan ?
On the issue of doctor training : Suppose that in country A physicians get free training through a taxpayer - financed educational system , while in country B physicians finance their own education and then , once trained , are paid higher fees .
If country A classifies these training expenses as education rather than healthcare spending , which country would report higher healthcare costs ?
Is that difference in healthcare costs real or an artifact of labeling ?
In which country would doctors , once trained , have more incentive to work long hours ?
In which country would there be more doctors ?
Which country 's system , in your judgment , is more efficient and equitable ?
On the issue of inequality :
Do you think that the provision of medical services uses more or less human capital than does the typical job in the economy ?
What does your answer imply about the relative price of healthcare looking across countries with varying degrees of economic inequality ?
In the United States , the wage gap between skilled and unskilled workers has increased substantially over the past several decades .
Other things equal , what does this fact imply about the trend in the relative price of healthcare ?
If public policy were to try to prevent this change in the price of healthcare without addressing the underlying trend in wage inequality , what effects would the policy have ?
---
OTTAWA – Canada has no overall policy or legislation to govern the use of hired guns in war zones , much to the alarm of human - rights groups and opposition parties who say the country has been left dangerously exposed .
The lack of a clear protocol has forced some federal departments , notably National Defence , to improvise as they attempt to manage security in unpredictable and volatile regions such as Afghanistan .
" In the absence of an overarching policy on the use of private military contractors , ( assistant deputy minister - policy ) staff have taken the position that the ( Canadian Forces ) should at this stage strive for consistency , " a Defence Department briefing note warned last year as officials debated whether to arm independent security guards hired by the army .
The Canadian Press obtained the note under the Access to Information Act .
The Canadian military employs four private security contractors in Afghanistan to guard bases and road construction projects .
Foreign Affairs has also signed a host of hired guns to oversee embassies and diplomats in many of the world 's trouble spots .
" There definitely needs to be a human - rights policy in place to govern military security companies , " said Fiona Koza , who manages Amnesty International Canada 's business and human rights section .
" Canada has a responsibility to ensure that humans rights are not being violated . "
A Canadian soldier – Master Cpl. Josh Roberts – was shot and killed in a confused firefight in Zhari district , west of Kandahar , an incident initially blamed on private security guards .
A military police investigation concluded he died as a result of a Taliban bullet , a finding his family questions .
Private security contractors have become a common features in war zones over the last decade , taking over routine garrison jobs from stretched professional armies , which are in turn freed to take up offensive operations .
A series of shootings , particularly the murders of 14 Iraqis in Baghdad by Blackwater guards in 2007 , forced the United States to introduce strict legislation to regulate the use of hired guns .
Among other things , the U.S. law passed in January 2008 requires private guards to report whenever they 've fired their weapons , in much the same way police officers are held accountable .
U.S. Rep. David Price introduced a bill in Congress last spring calling for even tougher measures , demanding among other things that Washington establish minimum training standards for guards and create a database to track shootings and human - rights violations .
Both Canada and the U.S. administration are among nearly 30 signatories to the Montreaux Document , a non-binding international deal that asks nations to take responsibility for the actions of security contractors they hire and to ensure the guards adhere to international human rights law .
The congressional legislation proposed by Price , which has not been approved , would require the U.S. Secretary of State to open talks with other countries to turn the accord into a full - fledged treaty .
A Foreign Affairs spokeswoman , Laura Markle , said Ottawa " is not contemplating legislation " of its own .
New Democrat defence critic Jack Harris said that 's a mistake .
" If we 're at the point where the Canadian government does n't have a policy that says when it 's OK and not OK to use them , then it 's time for a legislated framework , " he said .
The Conservative government has repeatedly ducked questions about the issue , preferring tightly scripted email responses to queries , where officials repeatedly emphasize Canada " respects its obligations under applicable international law . "
Liberal foreign affairs critic Bob Rae said criticism of military contractors should be tempered with the knowledge that guards work in an extremely dangerous environment .
But he said he 's also in favour of looking at legislation .
Instead of laws , Ottawa prefers to control its hired guns through individual service contracts , copies of which were obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act .
Most of the agreements , running about 11 pages , that were signed up to January 2008 contain scant reference to international human - rights law .
They demand private contractors agree to " obey , comply with and enforce all applicable Afghan laws and regulations " as well standing orders of the Canadian military .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The onus is placed squarely on the company for its actions .
The contract for protection around Kandahar 's provincial reconstruction base , signed in mid-2007 , required the security company to ensure its employees read the International Red Cross 's code of conduct for combatants .
Many of the Afghan employees of security contractors can't read .
Read more about :
We all know that something close to 50 million people in America lack health insurance .
We know that at least that many are " underinsured " - covered by insurance that they can't afford to use or that fails them when they need it most .
And many of us have heard of the statistic that around 20,000 die each year unnecessarily because they lack coverage .
But those are all just numbers .
I 'm a Registered Nurse .
When I see those numbers , I see faces .
I see lives lost and lives changed .
I want to help you see a little bit of what I see .
My union - the California Nurses Assn./ National Nurses Organizing Committee - has a website called Guaranteed Healthcare .
It 's part of our ongoing advocacy for healing America 's healthcare " system " .
There 's lots of interesting stuff there , but today I would call your attention to one section in particular .
On the site , it 's headed : " Real People Denied Real Healthcare " .
There are some videos of different people telling their healthcare horror stories .
A few of them , like Nataline Sarkisyan , have become well known stories .
But there 's another group of stories there of people who are not well known .
Click on the link " Read Text Stories " and you find page after page of the personal stories of people damaged by lack of insurance , by insurance denial , by the ruinous cost of coverage .
Most any of them will break your heart .
But scattered among those stories are the stories sent in by the friends and relatives of the lost .
These tell the stories of those who made the ultimate sacrifice so that health insurance executives could have their gold - plated severance packages .
Those of the many who laid down their lives , to preserve the wealth of the few .
Who gave of themselves that our Senators might be secure in their campaign contributions from the insurance industry .
I want to offer a random selection of those for your contemplation on this Memorial Day .
Here 's one that 's not too unusual in this richest of countries , with the " best health care in the world " :
My sister - in - law died not of cancer , but of lack of insurance .
For months , despite her weight loss , her vomiting , her constant pain , not one medical professional suggested further testing as Frances did not have health insurance .
My brother worked a $ 10 / hr job out of state , coming home on weekends .
No testing was done until about 7 months into the ordeal when someone suggested checking her gall bladder .
That was the extent of the testing , with the possible exception of some serum chemistries .
It was n't until she collapsed one weekend and was taken to the hospital that any significant testing was done .
Of course , by then the cancer had spread throughout her entire abdomen .
An exploratory ( complete with 32 biopsies ) confirmed what the ultrasound suggested .
It was not until after this that anyone found a source of funds other than the sliding fee scale at the local clinic .
Even then , health care in America failed her .
With my brother having to work out of state , she lived at home , doing all her meds / IV feeding and documentation by herself with a home nurse coming once a week .
This , by a high school graduate with no medical training whatsoever .
The moral of this story ?
Do n't get sick in rural America if you do n't have health insurance .
Referrals to specialists are out .
Specialized medical tests are out .
The only thing in is death and suffering .
Here 's a shorter one .
Not a lot of detail , but the essentials are there :
My best friend Bruce had a splitting headache for three days .
Not being able to afford a visit for a check - up , he toughed it out , thinking it was probably the flu coming on .
To keep his wife from catching it , he slept in his work room .
His dog found him the next morning and went whining to his wife who found him dead in bed .
Those who are crafting health care " reform " in Washington are focused on getting more people covered by insurance .
But if you 've been around here a while , you know that having insurance does not mean always being able to get the care you need :
I had a good friend in New Mexico who developed a brain tumor .
On her doctor 's recommendation , she flew to San Francisco where gamma knife surgery was being done regularly at the University of California San Francsco medical center .
She was told that the procedure could get the whole tumor but she had to act within three months or the growth would be too invasive .
Her health insurance denied her the surgery claiming it was " experimental " .
By the time I found out about my friend 's condition , she was desperate but resigned to her fate .
I urged her to contact the NM Commissioner of Insurance whose office is famous for " encouraging " insurance companies to cooperate .
She did that and the commissioner made the call .
The company agreed to pay for the surgery but it was , you guessed it , too late .
My friend , whom the New Mexico Navajo and Pueblo people would call a valuable person , was lost .
I 've got a bunch of these , but let 's see if I can pick just one more - do n't want to lose your attention here .
How about this one :
After my husband lost his job of 13 years due to outsourcing , we had to move from California back to Arizona .
Our daughter , Elizabeth , decided to stay in California .
Although her employers had promised to look into employee health insurance , they had not done so yet , so we told her whenever she had to go to the doctor to just go and we would pay for it .
We had been sending a payment to the doctor every month , trying to stay ahead of her health needs , while paying hundreds every month to an insurance company for a policy for us .
Some months later , Elizabeth said she 'd been awfully tired , but attributed it to a recent move , long hours at work and her cat , Bert , who woke her up sometimes .
I told her she ought to go to the doctor , but she did n't want to cost us if she did n't have to .
I made her promise to go if she did n't feel better soon .
I look back now and wish I could have seen her in person ; perhaps I would have known something was really wrong and I would have taken her to the doctor right away .
Days later , my husband and I were ready to head back to Arizona from an optical convention in Las Vegas , we stopped to call our son , who was watching the house ; he told us Elizabeth had been taken to hospital .
We called the hospital ; they told us we ought to get there as quickly as we could .
We knew it was serious and we diverted to California .
Elizabeth apparently had an undiagnosed heart condition .
She never regained consciousness .
Surrounded by all her brothers , brothers - in - law , her sister , niece , and many , many friends , my beautiful Elizabeth died two days later -- the day after her 26th birthday .
Bert now lives with us .
It 's a nice day outside and I think that 's about as much thought of death as I can handle for one day .
But if you feel moved a bit by these stories , please consider taking action .
Some of my friends and fellow nurses took action and got themselves arrested for " disrupting congress " , but you do n't have to go that far .
Please just write or call your senator or representative .
And if you can , please participate in the National Day of Action for single - payer healthcare .
It 's coming up in just a few days in a city near you .
Educate yourself by reading and learning more here or here or here
And most of all , do n't sit down and shut up ; do n't accept the conventional wisdom about what is possible .
None of the great social movements of history were reaching for attainable goals .
When Gandhi set out to win freedom for India , when women set out to win the vote , when the abolitionists set out to free the slaves , none of those were attainable goals .
But they were all accomplished in the end , because people who knew what was right refused to sit down and shut up .
Update :
At the suggestion of a commentor , I wanted to let you know that the SEIU ad immediately below is part of the site 's paid advertising program and has no connection to this diary .
After my little research into the Eclipse foundation ( Comparing the Eclipse Foundation with The Perl Foundation and EPO ) I was told to take a look at the success of Ubuntu .
While I know there is a huge difference as Ubuntu is an operating system while Perl is just a language but I got interested and here are the results .
Ubuntu does not have a foundation .
It has a strong and very enthusiastic community and it is backed by Canonical , the company of Mark Shuttleworth .
That means the Perl community probably cannot learn much from the way Ubuntu and Canonical are connected but we can still look at the larger picture of how Ubuntu succeeded so far ?
First I 'll look at the business model of Canonical and later on the elements that helped Ubuntu become one of the leading GNU / Linux distributions in only a few years .
The Ubuntu Business model
So if we look closer I think we can safely say that Ubuntu is a product Canonical is sponsoring in order to make money somehow .
I would not say by selling added value service as I am not exactly sure what is their business model .
I noticed a few areas where Canonical might be making money : Selling wearables and accessories .
Providing support contracts at nice sums .
Providing Training and Certification .
Distribution mechanism for software .
Selling T - shirts can bring in nice revenue to a small company but for Canonical it is more part of the marketing mix than the revenue mix .
Providing support can be an interesting business model , IBM makes a lot of money on it .
I guess Canonical does too .
This will just increase as Ubuntu invades the corporate infrastructure .
Training and Certification can be a lucrative business if executed well and I trust them to do it well .
If they can convince companies that they need Ubuntu Certified Engineers to run Ubuntu smoothly then will see a huge number of people attending their classes and taking their certificate exams .
Still the biggest business opportunity I think is the one that is not even listed in the Canonical Store but only under Services .
That is , they offer to be a distribution channel for ISVs .
In the Microsoft world people are used to download software and click - click - click install it .
In the GNU / Linux world almost all the important software is packaged and distributed by the Linux distributor .
It is especially true for Debian / Ubuntu but I think it is increasingly so with Fedora and Mandriva as well .
That means the most common installation mode in these versions of Linux is via a mechanism similar to the " Add / Remove Software " on Windows .
So if you have a software which you 'd like to distribute to Linux users , one of the best ways is to make sure each one of the Linux distributors will package your software .
Otherwise you 'll need to build .deb and .rpm files for each distribution or a stand - alone executable which is frowned upon by most of the Linux system administrators .
If your software is not open source you do n't have much chance that any of the Linux distributors will add that package to their repository making it almost impossible to penetrate the Linux Desktop market .
If Canonical manages to get a large chunk of the market share in the Linux desktop market it effectively can open or close the distribution channel of ISVs making them pay well for the right to use Ubuntu as their distribution platform .
So what will happen to Ubuntu in 5 years ?
I do n't know .
If you look at the background of Mark Shuttleworth , he built Thawte and more or less at the peak of the dot.com bubble he sold it to VeriSign the only competitor in the digital certificates market .
So he is a clever guy who wo n't be afraid to sell Canonical to the market leader with a near monopoly in the desktop business or to the competitor with the most money making a few billions of dollars .
The sky is n't the limit The Perl aspect Perl is not an operating system and it is not the open source arm of a company .
It can not be sold but it can provide nice revenue streams to individuals or companies offering service with Perl .
There might be other revenue sources as well but lets look at the 4 revenue streams that Canonical has : Selling wearables - on Perl conferences some stuff is auctioned which generates some revenue to organize the next conference .
This could be further expanded but the income is very limited .
- on Perl conferences some stuff is auctioned which generates some revenue to organize the next conference .
This could be further expanded but the income is very limited .
Providing support : ActiveState does it as do a number of other small companies mostly in the local markets or in specialized fields ( e.g. Shadowcat providing web development services using Catalyst or Summersault providing web development services using Titanium . )
This could be exploited further providing similar services in other fields as well , not only web application development .
: ActiveState does it as do a number of other small companies mostly in the local markets or in specialized fields ( e.g. Shadowcat providing web development services using Catalyst or Summersault providing web development services using Titanium . )
This could be exploited further providing similar services in other fields as well , not only web application development .
Offering Perl training provides nice income to several people in the Perl community including myself .
This does not seem to turn any of us rich but provides us with a reasonable income stream to support ourselves .
Certification is a sour point in the Perl community .
Some people say that they do n't want to have any certification systems for Perl others see it as the Holy Grail to make Perl more accepted by corporations .
In any case this could be a revenue stream but I do n't think it will happen any time soon .
provides nice income to several people in the Perl community including myself .
This does not seem to turn any of us rich but provides us with a reasonable income stream to support ourselves .
is a sour point in the Perl community .
Some people say that they do n't want to have any certification systems for Perl others see it as the Holy Grail to make Perl more accepted by corporations .
In any case this could be a revenue stream but I do n't think it will happen any time soon .
Unlike an Operating system
Perl does not control any distribution channel but it could be used in a related way .
Actually it could be used similar to how the JVM provides a platform of application development .
I am sure one day we will have a binary package of Perl with tons of CPAN modules already installed .
Something like Strawberry Perl for Windows but with many more modules that can be installed on all major OS - es .
That thing could be used as a development and distribution platform for all kinds of software .
I am not sure this can directly generate revenue but it will help enlarge the Perl user base and it could provide more opportunities for development , support and training services for more people in the Perl community .
I 'll write about the success of Ubuntu in a separate post .
for the meantime you can read the Ubuntu Story between 2004 and 2006 .
They do n't keep their history up to date either .
And the follow - up : The Success of Ubuntu
Okay , I admit it .
I 'm a clocking fanatic .
I clock everything at work .
Org - mode makes this really easy .
I 'd rather clock too much stuff than not enough so I find it 's easier to get in the habit of clocking everything .
This makes it possible to look back at the day and see where I 'm spending too much time , or not enough time on specific projects .
This also helps a lot when you need to estimate how long something is going to take to do – you can use your clocking data from similar tasks to help tune your estimates so they are more accurate .
Without clocking data it 's hard to tell how long something took to do after the fact .
I now use the concept of punching in and punching out at the start and end of my work day .
I punch in when I arrive at work , punch out for lunch , punch in after lunch , and punch out at the end of the day .
Every minute is clocked between punch - in and punch - out times .
Punching in defines a default task to clock time on whenever the clock would normally stop .
I found that with the default org - mode setup I would lose clocked minutes during the day , a minute here , a minute there , and that all adds up .
This is especially true if you write notes when moving to a DONE state - in this case the clock normally stops before you have composed the note – and good notes take a few minutes to write .
My clocking setup basically works like this :
Punch in ( start the clock )
This clocks in a predefined task by org - id that is the default task to clock in whenever the clock normally stops
Clock in tasks normally , and let moving to a DONE state clock out clocking out automatically clocks time on a parent task or moves back to the predefined default task if no parent exists .
Continue clocking whatever tasks you work on
Punch out ( stop the clock )
I 'm free to change the default task multiple times during the day but with the clock moving up the project tree on clock out I no longer need to do this .
I simply have a single task that gets clocked in when I punch -in .
If I punch - in with a prefix on a task in Project X then that task automatically becomes the default task and all clocked time goes on that project until I either punch out or punch in some other task .
My org files look like this :
todo.org :
#+FILETAGS : PERSONAL ... * Tasks ** Organization :PROPERTIES : :CLOCK_MODELINE_TOTAL : today :ID : eb155a82-92b2-4f25-a3c6-0304591af2f9 :END : ...
If I am working on some task , then I simply clock in on the task .
Clocking out moves the clock up to a parent task with a todo keyword ( if any ) which keeps the clock time in the same subtree .
If there is no parent task with a todo keyword then the clock moves back to the default clocking task until I punch out or clock in some other task .
When an interruption occurs I start a capture task which keeps clocked time on the interruption task until I close it with C - c C-c .
This works really well for me .
For example , consider the following org file :
* TODO Project A ** NEXT TASK 1 ** TODO TASK 2 ** TODO TASK 3 * Tasks ** TODO
Some miscellaneous task
I 'll work on this file in the following sequence :
I punch in with F9 - I at the start of my day That clocks in the Organization task by id in my todo.org file .
F12 - SPC to review my block agenda Pick ' TODO Some miscellaneous task ' to work on next and clock that in with I The clock is now on ' TODO Some miscellaneous task '
I complete that task and mark it done with C-c C- t d This stops the clock and moves it back to the Organization task .
Now I want to work on Project A so I clock in Task 1 I work on Task 1 and mark it DONE .
This clocks out Task 1 and moves the clock to Project A .
Now I work on Task 2 and clock that in .
An Australian cruise ship has been turned away from New Caledonia amid fears of swine flu .
The Dawn Princess cruise liner was prevented from stopping after up to five people on board started showing flu - like symptoms .
Swabs have been taken from the sick passengers and sent to Sydney for testing .
Dr Jeremy McAnulty from New South Wales
Health says the ship has not been to any swine flu infected countries but they are still being cautious .
" We 've learnt a lot from cruise ships and transmission of diseases over the last few years , but also particularly in the past week or so , " he said .
" We 're working to identify people who may have had infections on board to help determine whether it was swine flu or something else . "
The ship is now heading back to Sydney and will arrive on Friday .
Today the number of confirmed cases of swine flu in Australia has risen to about 500 , with Victoria 's tally now at 395 .
Cruise ships have been in the spotlight since late last month , when about 3,000 passengers and crew on board the Dawn Princess were not allowed to leave the ship in Sydney because four passengers displayed mild flu symptoms .
The passengers and crew were then allowed to disembark but told to remain in home isolation until the all - clear was given .
Then cases of swine flu appeared on the P&O cruise ship Pacific Dawn , which docked in Sydney yesterday .
The 1,800 passengers on the ship were cleared of swine flu and were allowed to disembark , although three crew members were confirmed to have the virus .
Passengers on the ship 's previous cruise were found to have swine flu .
Yesterday the chief executive of Carnival Cruises , which runs P&O , said passengers might be screened before they boarded the ship for its next cruise to the South Pacific .
By Celeste Hicks
BBC News , N'Djamena
Modestine Danbe buys buckets of blood from an abattoir and fries it Hungry people in the central African nation of Chad have raised an old culinary fad from the dead - to get their fangs stuck into fried blood .
" Vampire " , as it is jokingly dubbed , is a traditional dish making a comeback amid a global surge in food prices that has left meat too expensive for many .
Meat is often eaten only on special occasions such as religious holidays .
Nutritionists say " vampire " is actually an excellent alternative to goat and sheep , especially for children .
" I make it with peppers , salt , onions , spicy sauce and maggi [ stock cubes ] .
I fry it all up like that ; it 's good , " said Modestine Danbe , who lives in the N'Djamena .
Perhaps it will give me the strength of a vampire
James
Saturday - morning drinker
Would you become a vegetarian ?
Ms Danbe is one of many women in the city 's Walia neighbourhood , close to the Cameroonian border , who has taken to frying up huge vats of blood and selling it to her neighbours on the streets .
She buys buckets of fresh blood from the abattoir near her home for about $ 1 ( £ 0.61 ) , which makes about 40 plates of " vampire " .
Each plate sells for about $ 0.2 ( £ 0.1 ) , so after the costs of the other ingredients her profit is about $ 7 ( £ 4.3 ) .
" It 's actually an excellent source of nutrients , especially for children , " said Robert Johnston , a nutritional specialist for Unicef in Chad .
" Blood pudding and liver have been used in other countries to promote high - protein intake for families who do n't have daily access to meat . "
Making a killing Meat - based products make up a large part of the average Chadian diet .
Many people in the north of the country come from nomadic backgrounds , where drinking an animal 's blood without actually killing the beast is a survival technique in lean times .
Vampire is making a killing in Walia 's ubiquitous bili bili ( local millet brew ) bars , where liquid diets require some supplements .
" The taste is good , a bit like liver .
I really like it , " said James , a Saturday - morning drinker .
" I suppose it does n't sound very good to be associated with sucking blood , but I do n't really care .
Perhaps it will give me the strength of a vampire ! "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Haskell - cafe ] PhD position in Nottingham
PhD position in Type Theory at Nottingham -----------------------------------------
A new PhD position is available in the Functional Programming Laboratory at the University of Nottingham .
The topic of research for the project is " Programming and Reasoning with Infinite Structures " : it consists in the theoretical study and development of software tools for coinductive types and structured corecursion .
The candidate must be a UK resident with an excellent degree in Computer Science or Mathematics at MSc ( preferred ) or BSc level ( first class or equivalent ) .
The applicant should have a good background in mathematical logic , theoretical computer science or functional programming .
( S ) he should be interested doing research in type theory , constructive mathematics , category theory and foundations of formal reasoning .
We offer : PhD place with living expenses ( standard UK level ) for 3 years .
The grants also provide laptops and travel expenses for conference and workshop visits .
Nottingham University provides a vibrant research environment in the Functional Programming Laboratory .
Deadline for applications : 20 June 2009 .
Send a cover letter and your CV to Venanzio Capretta ( vxc at cs.nott.ac.uk ) .
Please contact me for any additional information that you need .
This message has been checked for viruses but the contents of an attachment may still contain software viruses , which could damage your computer system : you are advised to perform your own checks .
Email communications with the University of Nottingham may be monitored as permitted by UK legislation .
Iraq has an estimated 9 percent of the world ’s crude oil , but its pipelines and other infrastructure are aging .
Many of its most productive fields , laced with water because of mismanagement , are no longer able to produce as much oil as they once did .
The country lacks the money to rebuild the industry , which accounts for almost all of its foreign earnings .
The auction on Tuesday , held in a heavily secured ballroom at the Rashid Hotel in Baghdad ’s Green Zone , was reminiscent of a professional sports draft lottery .
Bids were placed inside a large plastic box that had been set up on a stage .
The oil companies were given 20 minutes to mull over each oil and gas field , with the time shown counting down on a giant video screen .
The sight of executives walking onstage to drop sealed bids in the plastic box brought cheers of delight from Oil Ministry employees in the audience .
The executives themselves , representing Exxon Mobil , Lukoil , Japex , Royal Dutch Shell , Total and the Korea Gas Corporation , among others , then stood aside as their offers were displayed on a screen before the bids were compared to those of rival companies seeking the same contract .
The Oil Ministry said it chose to conduct its business on television and in front of an audience of reporters and others to combat allegations of widespread corruption in the ministry , which led it to cancel a group of no - bid oil contracts last year .
Major oil companies had little interest in the terms of those contracts , either .
Because the financial risk of a 20 - year investment in Iraq was considered to be too great for even the largest oil corporations , the companies for the most part formed joint ventures .
Throughout the day , clusters of men in dark suits spoke to each other in their common language : broken English , with Dutch , Chinese , Russian and Thai accents .
A member of a Korean delegation wore a flak vest inside the hotel ballroom .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I guess I should n’t really be surprised at anything Andy McCarthy says these days , but he somehow manages to surprise me anyway with some regularity .
Here he is telling us the real reason Barack Obama has been restrained in his public statements about Iran :
The fact is that , as a man of the hard Left , Obama is more comfortable with a totalitarian Islamic regime than he would be with a free Iranian society .
Believe it or not , it goes downhill from there : McCarthy thinks Obama actually wanted to make a statement supporting the mullahs , but that would n’t have gone over well with Joe Sixpack .
So he did the next best thing and stayed quiet .
Still , “ Obama has a preferred outcome here , one that is more in line with his worldview , and it is not victory for the freedom fighters . ”
Also worth noting is that in the spirit of true paranoids everywhere , McCarthy manages to twist his theory so that it explains all of Obama ’s actions , both past and future .
No matter what Obama does — whether he speaks up or not — it will be in service of his overarching hard Left ideology and the volcanic anger and resentment that controls his life .
Somebody really needs to have a little chat with Rich Lowry .
I do n’t expect a lot from National Review these days , but McCarthy ’s public descent into madness is n’t pretty to watch and does n’t do the magazine any favors .
Maybe it ’s time to ask him to work out his issues a little more privately .
UPDATE : I missed this the first time around , but to his credit , Lowry does respond to McCarthy here .
Remarkably ( or not , perhaps ) , McCarthy then digs himself in even deeper here .
“ I detect in your post a sense that I ’m this close to the fringe , ” he says .
Well , there ’s no need to sense what I ’m saying in my post , Andy .
You are batshit crazy .
Despite some healing in the national economy , California still faces significant difficulty , in part because of the state ’s budget woes , economic forecasters at UCLA say .
Unemployment in the state will reach 12.1 % by the end of this year and will not return to single digits until late in 2011 , economists predicted in the quarterly UCLA Anderson Forecast , which was set to be released today .
“ California is in for a continued rough ride for the balance of 2009 and is not going to see economic growth return until the end of the year , ” wrote Jerry Nickelsburg , senior economist at the forecast .
Driving California ’s difficulties are a shrinking state budget , a disappearing non-residential construction market and sluggishness in housing construction .
Advertisement
Construction jobs , which fell 12 % in 2008 , are expected to drop more than 15 % this year as demand continues to fall for both residential and commercial development .
Already , activity has dropped so dramatically in the state that developers are now under - building for the size of California ’s population , sowing the seeds of another housing bubble , the report said .
The state ’s fiscal woes make the picture bleaker .
The budget for the 2009 - 10 fiscal year will probably lead to program cuts and layoffs on top of spending decreases in last year ’s budget .
“ California ’s state government . . . has no choice but to contract at the worst time , ” Nickelsburg wrote .
The cuts do n’t affect only government jobs .
Some of the program reductions will be in healthcare and education , damaging two sectors that have n’t yet experienced massive job losses in California during this recession .
Advertisement
Bill Watkins , executive director of California Lutheran University ’s Center for Economic Research and Forecasting , agreed with the Anderson group that California faces a rougher road than the rest of the nation .
“ California ’s economy is quite a bit weaker than the U.S. economy , and we do n’t expect to see a recovery any time soon , ” he said .
The state will not come out of recession until the second half of 2011 , he predicted .
The state ’s regulatory agenda is making it more expensive to do business here , and higher - education cutbacks will probably affect the state ’s competitive advantages in the long term , he said .
The situation looks a little less bleak nationally .
Advertisement
“ It looks like we ’re beginning to come out of it , and that the worst is over , ” said UCLA senior economist David Shulman , who wrote the national section of the forecast .
Action by the Federal Reserve and Treasury to ease the credit market stopped the economy from declining any further , Shulman said , making it easier for companies to borrow money to pay their bills .
Although borrowing is still challenging , the credit market is more malleable than it was three months ago .
That should also help ailing countries such as Japan , Mexico and Germany , Shulman said .
Their rebound will in turn increase demand for U.S. goods , which has slid so steeply that economists predict exports will drop 12 % in 2009 .
Still , Main Street might not feel the effects of any of this for some time .
UCLA forecasts that the national unemployment rate will continue to rise , peaking at 10.4 % in 2010 .
June job numbers will be especially ugly , Shulman said , as college and high school graduates dependent on seasonal employment find that the traditional companies just are n’t hiring .
Advertisement
What ’s more , the new administration is still shaping its healthcare and energy policies , making it difficult for companies to make decisions about big investments , Shulman said .
A healthcare institution , for example , does n’t want to make major changes until it knows if the government is going to change how it gets paid .
There is a bright spot , though , said Larry Harris , a professor of finance at USC ’s Marshall School of Business .
Consumers are becoming more confident and are beginning to spend again , as are some companies .
“ People are no longer as afraid as they used to be , ” he said .
“ They ’re starting to get on with their business . ”
--
alana.semuels@latimes.com
The red supergiant Betelgeuse would extend to Jupiter if it were put in the sun ’s place in the solar system .
A new study suggests it has shrunk by more than 15 per cent since 1993 ( Image : A. Dupree / CFA / R. Gilliland / STScI / NASA /ESA )
Pinned prominently on Orion ’s shoulder , the bright red star Betelgeuse hardly seems like a wallflower .
But a new study suggests the giant star has been shrinking for more than a decade .
Betelgeuse is nearing the end of its life as a red supergiant .
The bright , bloated star is 15 to 20 times more massive than the sun .
If it were placed at the centre of the solar system , the star would extend out to the orbit of Jupiter .
But the star ’s reach seems to be waning .
New observations indicate the giant star has shrunk by more than 15 per cent since 1993 .
This could be a sign of a long - term oscillation in its size or the star ’s first death knells .
Or it may just be an artefact of the star ’s bumpy surface , which may appear to change in size as the star rotates .
Advertisement
Betelgeuse is enshrouded by vast clouds of gas and dust , so measuring its size is difficult .
To cut through this cocoon , Charles Townes of the University of California , Berkeley , and colleagues used a set of telescopes that are sensitive to a particular wavelength of the star ’s infrared light .
The team used these instruments to measure the size of Betelgeuse ’s disc on the sky .
Over a span of 15 years , the star ’s diameter seems to have declined from 11.2 to 9.6 AU ( 1 AU , or astronomical unit , is the distance from the Earth to the sun ) .
Ejected gas
The cause for this reduction is unknown , as it is unclear how red supergiants behave near the end of their lives .
“ Maybe there ’s some instability in the star and it ’s going to collapse or at least go way down in size or blow off some material , but who knows , ” Townes , who shared a 1964 Nobel Prize for the invention of the laser , told reporters on Tuesday at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Pasadena , California .
The shrinking size could also be evidence of an as - yet - unidentified pulsation in the star , says Graham Harper of the University of Colorado in Boulder , who was not affiliated with the study .
The surface of Betelgeuse is known to wobble in and out , fed in part by the roiling energy of convection beneath its surface .
Two such pulsations are already known – one seems to start anew each year , the other every 6 years .
Since this observation shows a progressive decrease in the size of the star over 15 years with a consistent set of measurements , Harper says : “ I think this is a very nice indication that [ Betelgeuse ] is getting smaller . ”
Bumpy surface
But he notes the change in size could be an illusion .
Simulations suggest temperature differences in red supergiants can make their surfaces extraordinarily bumpy , causing the star to appear to be a different size when viewed from different angles .
“ Often if you look at the simulations , the star is not spherical .
It looks like a bad potato , ” Harper told New Scientist .
Betelgeuse is thought to rotate every 18 years or so , which might suggest an especially narrow part of the star recently rotated into view .
Another possibility , Harper says , is that the team is not measuring the surface of the star but a layer of dense molecular gas that some astronomers suspect may hover above it .
The team hopes to get higher - resolution pictures of the star at a variety of wavelengths to determine the origin of the light they are seeing .
Journal reference : The Astrophysical Journal ( vol 697 , p L127 )
Refreshing Next.js
Page Data
Something that I struggled wrapping my head around when learning Next.js was refreshing data on a given page .
It seemed that the only option ...
Lodash : Replacing setTimeout ( )
With delay ( )
The built - in setTimeout ( )
JavaScript function defers the the execution of a given function till a given number of milliseconds have passed ....
j Query UI : Disable Accordion Section
The disabled option of the accordion widget let 's you disable the entire widget when set to true .
But I do n't want to disable the ...
Topeka Google has officially changed its name to Topeka .
I found this link by " Topekaing " April Fools .
j Query UI : Selectmenu Placeholder
Text Input elements have a placeholder attribute , which does a decent job at telling the user exactly what 's expected .
What I really like ab ...
We , each of us , have a good alibi
For being down here in the joint ;
But few of them are really justified ,
If you get right down to the point .
You have heard of a woman 's glory
Being spent on a downright cur .
Still you can't always judge the story
As true being told by her .
As long as I stayed on the island
And heard confidence tales from the gals ,
There was only one interesting and truthful ,
It was the story of Suicide Sal .
Now Sal was a girl of rare beauty ,
Though her features were somewhat tough ,
She never once faltered from duty ,
To play on the up and up .
Sal told me this tale on the evening
Before she was turned out free ,
And I 'll do my best to relate it ,
Just as she told it to me .
I was born on a ranch in Wyoming ,
Not treated like Helen of Troy ,
Was taught that rods were rulers ,
And ranked with greasy cowboys .
. . .
You 've read the story of Jesse James
Of how he lived and died
If you 're still in need of something to read
Here 's the story of Bonnie and Clyde .
Now Bonnie and Clyde are the Barrow Gang ,
I 'm sure you all have read
how they rob and steal and those who squeal
are usually found dying or dead .
There 's lots of untruths to these write - ups
They 're not so ruthless as that
Their nature is raw , they hate all law
Stool pigeons , spotters , and rats .
They call them cold - blooded killers
They say they are heartless and mean
But I say this with pride , I once knew Clyde
When he was honest and upright and clean .
But the laws fooled around and taking him down
and locking him up in a cell
' Til he said to me , " I 'll never be free ,
So I 'll meet a few of them in hell . "
The road was so dimly lighted
There were no highway signs to guide
But they made up their minds if all roads were blind
They would n't give up ' til they died .
The road gets dimmer and dimmer
Sometimes you can hardly see
But it 's fight man to man , and do all you can
For they know they can never be free .
From heartbreak some people have suffered
From weariness some people have died
But all in all , our troubles are small
' Til we get like Bonnie and Clyde .
If a policeman is killed in Dallas
And they have no clue or guide
If they can't find a fiend , just wipe the slate clean
And hang it on Bonnie and Clyde .
There 's two crimes committed in America
Not accredited to the Barrow Mob
They had no hand in the kidnap demand
Nor the Kansas City Depot job .
A newsboy once said to his buddy
" I wish old Clyde would get jumped
In these hard times we 's get a few dimes
If five or six cops would get bumped . "
The police have n't got the report yet
But Clyde called me up today
He said , " Do n't start any fights , we are n't
working nights , we 're joining the NRA . "
From Irving to West Dallas viaduct
Is known as the Great Divide
Where the women are kin , and men are men
And they wo n't stool on Bonnie and Clyde .
If they try to act like citizens
And rent a nice flat
About the third night they 're invited to fight
By a sub - gun 's rat - tat - tat .
They do n't think they 're tough or desperate
They know the law always wins
They 've been shot at before , but they do not ignore
That death is the wages of sin .
Some day they 'll go down together
And they 'll bury them side by side
To few it 'll be grief , to the law a relief
But it 's death for Bonnie and Clyde .
WHISTLER , B.C. – Toronto's only application for money under the federal government 's $ 4 billion infrastructure stimulus fund was met with a profane dismissal by Transport Minister John Baird yesterday .
In an unguarded moment , Baird told aides Toronto stood alone in not meeting the technical criteria for federal cash , yet was complaining about Ottawa dragging its feet .
" Twenty - seven hundred people got it right .
They did n't .
That is not a partnership and they 're bitching at us , " he said .
" They should f--- off . "
The federal minister overseeing the infrastructure program was overheard by a Star reporter after he mistakenly walked into a media room at the Federation of Canadian Municipalities convention at this British Columbia resort .
When his words were read back to him , he acknowledged his remarks .
Toronto made a calculated move to seek money to replace its aging streetcar fleet by submitting just one application while most municipalities submitted long lists of projects ranging from bridge repairs to sewer upgrades .
Mayor David Miller said Toronto only wants funds to buy 204 streetcars from Bombardier , to be built at a cost of $ 1.2 billion .
The proposed deal will expire June 27 and will collapse if federal and provincial money is n't forthcoming by then .
The city said , based on its population , its share of the stimulus announced in January 's budget would be about $ 312 million .
Miller said last night Toronto 's proposal fits the federal criteria .
He said his meeting with Baird at the convention was " amicable and frank " and that the minister " did n't say that to me " when asked if Baird used the obscenity .
But Baird said Toronto's was the only application among 2,700 submitted that was n't done properly .
He said Toronto 's submission is ineligible because it does n't focus on job creation within the next two years in the 416 area .
Later , Baird said his remarks were off - the - cuff and he presumed private because he did n't realize he was in the media workroom .
He said he's had frank discussions with the city about its bid and has been talking to Finance Minister Jim Flaherty , the GTA 's federal representative , about projects eligible for cash .
" This project , while it fits into Toronto 's vision of what they want to do , it does n't fit into our vision of moving quickly .
We do n't want to see Toronto left out of infrastructure stimulus , " said Baird .
" What I do n't want to see is a year or two from now people say that the federal government plans are n't creating jobs in Toronto . "
Councillor Linda Rydholm of Thunder Bay , home of the Bombardier plant , said the project needs approval .
" Our workers need the contract to continue or start . "
Miller said Toronto's bid will help the overall economy in Ontario and create immediate jobs .
At the Federation of Canadian Municipalities meeting , Baird identified the country 's most significant infrastructure project as the $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion access road to a new border crossing near Windsor and said he is making it a personal priority .
The project " has the attention at the highest level .
The province and the federal government are on the same page .
The time for action is now . "
Delegates at the meeting began the three - day event with a call from big city mayors for Ottawa to speed money for infrastructure projects .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The government promised money to municipalities in hopes of creating thousands of jobs , with the caveat that a major component of the projects must be completed by March 2011 .
Mayors said that , while announcements were made , the actual money has not materialized .
But Federation of Canadian Municipalities president Jean Perrault said Baird has since shown a commitment to co-operation and flexibility , especially with the federal commitment that one - third of any costs incurred by municipalities will be paid before April 1 , 2011 .
" We have an understanding now of better communication , " said Perrault .
Read more about :
A quartet of US senators has asked the acting chairman of the US Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to review whether mobile phone manufacturers should be allowed to enter into exclusive contracts with wireless service providers .
In a letter signed by four lawmakers - including Senator John Kerry , chairman of the Senate 's Commerce Subcommittee on Communications , Technology , and the Internet - acting chairman Michael Copps is asked to " act expeditiously should you find that exclusivity agreements unfairly restrict consumer choice or adversely impact competition in the commercial wireless marketplace . "
Although such exclusivity agreements are commonplace , the request for an investigation is a direct shot across Apple and AT&T 's shared bow .
How direct ?
Very direct .
One of the concerns enumerated in the letter is " Whether exclusivity agreements place limitations on a consumer ’s ability to take full advantage of handset technologies , such as the ability to send multimedia messages or the ability to ' tether ' a device to a computer for internet use . "
Sounds like a direct poke at AT&T 's inability to provide those two exact services to owners of Apple 's iPhone .
The letter raises other concerns , as well :
" Whether exclusivity agreements are becoming increasingly prevalent between dominant wireless carriers and handset manufacturers ;
" Whether exclusivity agreements are restricting consumer choice with respect to which handsets are available depending on a consumer ’s geographic region , particularly for consumers living in rural America ;
" Whether ... the ability for a dominant carrier to reach an exclusive agreement with a handset manufacturer is inhibiting the ability of smaller , more regional carriers to compete ; and
" Whether exclusivity agreements play a role in encouraging or discouraging innovation within the handset marketplace . "
The letter notes that in May 2008 , the Rural Cellular Association , a trade group with 90 smaller wireless - provider members that provide coverage to a claimed 73 per cent of the US , filed a petition requesting rule - making by the FCC on exclusivity .
The process begun by the petition , according to the letter , resulted in a wealth of comments from large and small service providers , consumer groups , regulatory agencies , and handset manufacturers - information that could be used by the FCC to jump - start its investigation .
The debate is sure to be fierce on both sides of the issue .
Pro-exclusivity proponents argue that such contracts enable mobile - device manufacturers to cut deals with service providers that result in lower prices to consumers .
Such deals can also enable more innovation by juicing manufacturers ' R&D budgets .
Anti-exclusivity champions contend that locking competing providers out of contracts with popular device manufacturers engenders a " We do n't care , we do n't have to " attitude in exclusive providers of popular handsets , as well as squeezing smaller providers out of the picture entirely .
These and undoubtedly many other arguments will be heard at a hearing on " The Consumer Wireless Experience " to be held this Wednesday in Washington , DC by the Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation . ®
Marilynn K. Yee / The New York TImes
Marriage may improve your sleep , and better sleep may improve your marriage , two new studies suggest .
Women who are married or who have stable partners appear to sleep better than women who have never married or lost a partner , according to research from an eight - year study presented at the Associated Professional Sleep Societies annual meeting .
They also found that marital happiness lowers the risk of sleep problems , while marital strife heightens the risk .
Although married women overall slept more soundly than unmarried women , the researchers , from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine , did identify a “ newlywed ” effect .
Women who were single at the start of the study but gained a partner had more restless sleep than women who were already married .
The researchers speculated that newly married women were less adjusted to sleeping with their partner than those who had been married longer .
The study included 360 middle - aged African - American , Caucasian and Chinese - American women who had taken part in the Study of Women ’s Health Across the Nation .
Researchers used in - home sleep studies , activity monitors to track sleep - wake patterns and relationship histories to look at the effect stable marriages , unstable marriages and marital transitions , such as a divorce , had on sleep .
Another small study of 29 couples found that on a daily basis , the quality of a couple ’s relationship and the quality of their sleep are closely linked .
In that study , from the University of Arizona , 29 heterosexual couples who shared a bed and did not have children completed sleep and relationship diaries for a week .
The results showed that when men get better sleep , they are more likely to feel positive about their relationship the next day .
And for women , problems in the relationship were strongly associated with poor sleep for both themselves and their partner .
Brant Hasler , a clinical psychology doctoral candidate at the University of Arizona , said the data , although preliminary , suggest that couples experience a “ vicious cycle ” where sleep affects their relationship and the relationship then affects the subsequent night ’s sleep .
“ Sleep research has focused nearly entirely on the individual , and this research underscores the importance of considering the effects of , and consequences on , the bed partner , ” he said .
“ These effects and consequences are particularly notable given that sleep is increasingly sacrificed in the modern world .
This research provides preliminary evidence that our sleep not only influences our own psychological and physical health , but can also impact that of the ones we hold most dear . ”
The data from both studies suggest that sleep and relationship happiness are closely linked .
The lesson for couples , especially those who are struggling with problems , is that paying attention to sleep habits may help solve other issues in the relationship .
Dr. Hasler said couples should work to resolve problems before bedtime and avoid discussing difficult topics when one or both have not slept well .
The Saturday night before Easter this year I was standing in the VIP balcony of the Nokia Theater in Times Square , watching 2,000 acolytes undulate in rhythmic dances to the hypnotic , improvisational jams of Umphrey ’s McGee , a fast - rising progressive rock / jam band from Chicago .
Jam - band music is n’t really my thing .
I probably would have been at a Catholic vigil mass stuck somewhere between Ezekiel and Isaiah , except that a friend who went to college with the Umphrey ’s crew convinced me this would be a vigil of another sort .
He was right , but maybe not in the way he imagined .
I ’m sure that some of the dancing , swaying people below me could have described this event as a religious experience .
But what struck me was the space itself .
The Nokia Theater is a magnificent place for an emotional tidal swell , whether generated by prog rock or folk music : an intimate ground floor that presses within two feet of the stage , another raised platform for standing / dancing fans , and then some 500 seats rising stadium - style behind it all .
The space gives a sense of cohesion , directing all bodies to the action on the stage , but it holds them loosely , allowing for a dozen unexpected vortices of action : the kid dancing by himself under the platform leading to the VIP lounge ; the group of people gathered and dispersed around the sound board in the middle of the second platform ; the people walking up and down the aisles to the seats , taking a break from dancing , getting into a conversation with a friend of a friend ; the steady flow of traffic leaving either side of the theater to the antechambers of softly - lit neon green glass bars ; the cluster near the door where cell phone reception begins again ; the small pockets of people lining the halls into the theater , checking voicemail , email , proving their existence with a real - time post on Twitter or Facebook ; the anonymity of close proximity that allowed people to huddle over a joint ten feet from a security guard , the quick spark of orange fading to a dull smolder as the smoke rose to join the other incense caught in the stage lights , ascending in gentle , continuous billows to the rafters .
Around the time of the Protestant Reformation , cathedrals were something like this .
Masses were said almost continually , in Latin , in rushed , hushed undertones by priests who were being paid to lift sacrifices before God at all hours of the day on behalf of those who could pay for them .
Ordinary believers rarely , if ever , received communion , and they could come and go from the church , kneeling down at a side altar , lighting a candle , giving alms , meeting a neighbor , prostrating themselves before the icon of a beloved saint .
If the point of church is catechesis and correct belief , this is a pretty shoddy system ; that ’s part of what worked the reformers into such a tizzy .
But thinking about it now , I love the idea .
It is why I love the big Catholic churches in New York — they stay open all day , even when they do n’t have services .
Their many side chapels , their icons , statues , and relics , the hum of the mass and music are there for anyone , even the occasionally and confusedly pious who only slip in off the street for a moment , even for the tourist who only aims to see a bit of art , to pay homage to the architectural grandeur .
The last time I was in the Nokia Theater I ’d huddled in a hallway under a glass wall enclosing Heineken bottles like bones in a reliquary , talking on the phone to my mom about my grandmother who was sick in the hospital .
On the night of the Umphrey ’s show , a couple was enacting a bitter , unspoken argument in public .
Four feet away from them , I was waiting in line at one of the neon green side bars , watching the bartender pour shots of whiskey for a group of four in front of me , who stepped forward like communicants at a communion rail , then stepped out of the way so the next round of us could place our orders .
I walked down the hallway , carrying my drinks past the “ technology room ” where people were charging their cell phones , into the theater , past a group of people in banana costumes standing back ironic and self - conscious all at once , past a group of shaggy - haired post - frat boys dancing from the waist up , up the stairs to the VIP lounge , past a table of older folks with white hair not one of whom had stood up the entire night , to my party , who were sitting , standing , dancing , and talking in alternation .
Holding this many threads of pulsating life is one way that sacred space seems to work : the center is everywhere and nowhere at once .
The main event — concert or consecration — creates the context for multiple other actions .
Without some central focus point the space has no shape , no tension against which other actions can emerge .
The central event gives the “ there ” a “ there , ” even though in the experience itself every action held in every space — side altar or sound board — has the potential to displace the main event as central .
The space holds a multiplicity of intentions , actions , and meanings allowing bodies to arrange themselves in flexible , shifting patterns , giving each of us the corner of solace we are seeking ( whether we know what that is or not ) — escape , release , confrontation , confirmation , consolation , or jubilation .
Other people have thought about the connections between rock shows and worship — about the ecstatic sense of belonging created by each form of communal practice .
What if the point of both has more to do with space and less to do with content ?
What if we belong to the common experience because we are there ?
The center holds us and gives way to let a dozen other centers form and re-form along the edges .
If few churches offer this spatial belonging anymore , praise God for the Nokia Theater .
I may not pay to have a mass said on my behalf , but I ’ll buy another ticket and slip into the space , find my side altar , and let the buzz and flow of it all surround me , buoy me , hold whatever it is I have to give , whatever it is I have come seeking .
An STS - 125 astronaut aboard shuttle Atlantis captured this still image of the Hubble Space Telescope as the two spacecraft begin their relative separation on May 19 , 2009 .
The HubbleSpace Telescope appears better than new as NASA puts the 19 - year - oldobservatory through a battery of tests after its final facelift by an astronaut repair crew .
Ed Weiler , NASA ? sscience missions chief , said Hubble is in the midst of meticulous systems andcalibration checks following the successfulupgrades and repairs by Atlantis shuttle astronauts .
? All ofthose have gone beautifully , ?
Weiler told reporters after Atlantis ?
smoothCalifornia landing on Sunday .
??
Everything is going well , as far as I can tell .?
Thecalibrations and electronics tests should run their course by the end ofsummer , with a new and improved Hubble once more ready for science observationsin late August , Weiler said .
Atlantisand its crew of seven astronauts toucheddown at Edwards Air Force Base in Southern California at 11:39 a.m. EDT ( 1549 GMT ) on Sunday , though it was early morning at their desert runway .
Theastronauts returned triumphant after a 13 - day Hubble service call .
? Now andonly now can we declare this mission completely a success , ? said Weiler , who served as Hubble 's chief scientist between 1979 and 1998 .
?
The astronauts are safely on theground .?
Commandedby veteran spaceflyer Scott Altman , the Atlantis astronauts launched towardHubble on May 11 and performed a five - spacewalk marathon that left the iconicspace observatory more powerful than ever before .
A wholenew telescope
Atlantis ? mission was NASA ?s fifth and last - ever shuttle flight to overhaul Hubble .
NASAplans to retire its three aging space shuttles fleet next year and theirreplacement , the capsule - based Orion , is designed to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station and , ultimately , the moon .
Duringtheir five back - to - back spacewalks , Atlantis astronauts installed two newinstruments in Hubble - a powerful wide - field camera and a super - sensitivespectrograph .
Theyswapped out old gyroscopes and batteries with new ones , performed two intricaterepairs to revivetwo instruments - Hubble ?s main Advanced Camera for Surveys and a versatileimaging spectrograph - that were never designed to be fixed in space .
Theenhancements , he added , should be the focus , and not the fact humans will nevervisit the space telescope again .
? We justrepaired the Hubble Space Telescope , ? an emphatic Weiler said .
?
We ?ve got awhole new telescope .
We ?ve got four new instruments .
Two of them dead , nowalive .
? These aretruly the best of times , ?
Weiler said .
?
Not the worst of times .?
Theupgrades by the Atlantis crew should extend the space telescope ?s life throughat least 2014 if not longer , which would overlap with NASA ?s next greatobservatory - the infrared - scanning James Webb Space Telescope slated to launchin 2013 .
Atlantisspacewalkers also attached a docking ring to Hubble so that , sometime after2020 , a robotic spacecraft can latch onto the telescope and discard it in the Pacific Ocean at its mission ?s end .
Hubblesee saw
Weiler saidthe success at Hubble is even more poignant since the mission almost neverhappened .
In 2004 , just a year after the tragic loss of the shuttle Columbia and its crew , NASAcanceled the mission because of its risk .
Hubble - bound astronauts would not beable to reach the safety of the International Space Station because of thetelescope ?s higher altitude and completely different orbit .
Weiler and Hubble scientists were crushed , especially since Hubble was designed to bevisited by astronauts every two or three years for vitalmaintenance .
It was anastronaut crew that fixed Hubble ?s blurry vision during a 1993 service call , just three years after the space telescope launched into space with a flawedmirror .
That mission transformed Hubble from a national joke into ? a greatAmerican comeback story , ?
Weiler said .
By 2004 - two years after its most recent upgrade - the telescope was again in need ofrepairs .
Instead , the mission was cancelled on Jan. 16 , 2004 , the day afterWeiler ?s birthday .
? If youwould have told me on that day that I would be sitting her five years later , with a totally successful five -[ spacewalk ] mission , with a brand new Hubbleonce again that will probably operate into a third decade , I would n?t have betyou a penny , ?
Weiler said .
?
This mission is a great success .?
NASAresurrected the Hubble - bound mission in 2006 after resuming shuttle flights andsuccessfully demonstrating heat shield repair techniques and tools .
It was heatshield damage to Columbia ?s left wing that doomed that shuttle and it ?
sastronauts during re-entry .
During the Hubble flight , NASA kept the shuttleEndeavour on standby to fly an unprecedented a rescue mission in case Atlantissuffered similar damage .
No rescue was needed .
NASA plansto launch up to eight more shuttle flights by 2010 to complete the space station ?
sconstruction .
The orbiting lab is expected to reach its full six - person crewsize later this week when three new spaceflyers join the station ?s currentthree - man crew .
The nextshuttle to launch will be Endeavour , which will move from its current perchatop Launch Pad 39B to the nearby Pad 39A early on May 30 for a planned June 13 launch toward the space station .
Pad 39A isNASA ?s prime shuttle launch site .
Pad 39B will be turned over to the shuttle ?
sreplacement booster ?
the Ares I rocket .
The first test flight , Ares I - X , isslated to launch no earlier than Aug. 30 .
The Atlantis astronauts are the last humans ever to touch or seeHubble up close .
When they left the telescope last Tuesday , they recordedthe departure from Hubble and later beamed it back to Earth .
? All of ushad , I wouldn?t say wet eyes , ? said Weiler .
?
But it was an emotional momentbecause we knew that was probably the last time humans would see Hubble .?
Researchers at Oregon State University have made a fundamental new discovery about how birds breathe and have a lung capacity that allows for flight – and the finding means it 's unlikely that birds descended from any known theropod dinosaurs .
The conclusions add to other evolving evidence that may finally force many paleontologists to reconsider their long - held belief that modern birds are the direct descendants of ancient , meat - eating dinosaurs , OSU researchers say .
" It 's really kind of amazing that after centuries of studying birds and flight we still did n't understand a basic aspect of bird biology , " said John Ruben , an OSU professor of zoology .
" This discovery probably means that birds evolved on a parallel path alongside dinosaurs , starting that process before most dinosaur species even existed . "
These studies were just published in The Journal of Morphology , and were funded by the National Science Foundation .
It 's been known for decades that the femur , or thigh bone in birds is largely fixed and makes birds into " knee runners , " unlike virtually all other land animals , the OSU experts say .
What was just discovered , however , is that it's this fixed position of bird bones and musculature that keeps their air - sac lung from collapsing when the bird inhales .
Warm - blooded birds need about 20 times more oxygen than cold - blooded reptiles , and have evolved a unique lung structure that allows for a high rate of gas exchange and high activity level .
Their unusual thigh complex is what helps support the lung and prevent its collapse .
advertisement
" This is fundamental to bird physiology , " said Devon Quick , an OSU instructor of zoology who completed this work as part of her doctoral studies .
" It 's really strange that no one realized this before .
The position of the thigh bone and muscles in birds is critical to their lung function , which in turn is what gives them enough lung capacity for flight . "
However , every other animal that has walked on land , the scientists said , has a moveable thigh bone that is involved in their motion – including humans , elephants , dogs , lizards and – in the ancient past – dinosaurs .
The implication , the researchers said , is that birds almost certainly did not descend from theropod dinosaurs , such as tyrannosaurus or allosaurus .
The findings add to a growing body of evidence in the past two decades that challenge some of the most widely - held beliefs about animal evolution .
" For one thing , birds are found earlier in the fossil record than the dinosaurs they are supposed to have descended from , " Ruben said .
" That 's a pretty serious problem , and there are other inconsistencies with the bird - from - dinosaur theories .
" But one of the primary reasons many scientists kept pointing to birds as having descended from dinosaurs was similarities in their lungs , " Ruben said .
" However , theropod dinosaurs had a moving femur and therefore could not have had a lung that worked like that in birds .
Their abdominal air sac , if they had one , would have collapsed .
That undercuts a critical piece of supporting evidence for the dinosaur - bird link .
advertisement
" A velociraptor did not just sprout feathers at some point and fly off into the sunset , " Ruben said .
The newest findings , the researchers said , are more consistent with birds having evolved separately from dinosaurs and developing their own unique characteristics , including feathers , wings and a unique lung and locomotion system .
There are some similarities between birds and dinosaurs , and it is possible , they said , that birds and dinosaurs may have shared a common ancestor , such as the small , reptilian " thecodonts , " which may then have evolved on separate evolutionary paths into birds , crocodiles and dinosaurs .
The lung structure and physiology of crocodiles , in fact , is much more similar to dinosaurs than it is to birds .
" We are n't suggesting that dinosaurs and birds may not have had a common ancestor somewhere in the distant past , " Quick said .
" That 's quite possible and is routinely found in evolution .
It just seems pretty clear now that birds were evolving all along on their own and did not descend directly from the theropod dinosaurs , which lived many millions of years later . "
OSU research on avian biology and physiology was among the first in the nation to begin calling into question the dinosaur - bird link since the 1990s .
Other findings have been made since then , at OSU and other institutions , which also raise doubts .
But old theories die hard , Ruben said , especially when it comes to some of the most distinctive and romanticized animal species in world history .
" Frankly , there 's a lot of museum politics involved in this , a lot of careers committed to a particular point of view even if new scientific evidence raises questions , " Ruben said .
In some museum displays , he said , the birds - descended - from - dinosaurs evolutionary theory has been portrayed as a largely accepted fact , with an asterisk pointing out in small type that " some scientists disagree . "
" Our work at OSU used to be pretty much the only asterisk they were talking about , " Ruben said .
" But now there are more asterisks all the time .
That 's part of the process of science . "
Needs no introduction .
Olbermann covers so much ; so eloquently .
I nodded my head and applauded the whole way through .
Enjoy !
For tomorrow 's service at his church in Kentucky , a pastor has invited his congregation to bring along their Bibles , a tin of canned food , a friend - and their guns .
Ken Pagano , who packs a pistol of his own , wants his parishioners to openly wear their firearms at the New Bethel Church in Louisville to mark the 4 July Independence anniversary and celebrate the part guns played in the making of the nation .
The unusual service has brought a mixed reaction , welcomed by many gun owners but widely derided elsewhere with fellow pastors and victims of gun crime questioning whether it is appropriate to carry weapons in a church .
In a phone interview today , Pagano said : " I do not see any contradiction .
I do not see any incongruity as a Christian .
It is not unbiblical .
It is not illegal .
And it is not unconstitutional . "
Pagano , a 49 - year - old former marine , acknowledged that bringing guns to church was uncommon in modern culture but said in New England in colonial times there were racks at the back of the church for rifles for militia men .
America 's founding fathers had a genuine belief in arms , he said : " I stand in that tradition and I am proud of it . "
The invitation to the Open Carry Celebration , as the event is described , is only extended to " responsible handgun owners " but , while sheriff deputies will be at the door to ensure that all guns are unloaded , there will be no search for concealed weapons .
The day of celebration will include a sermon , as is traditional , but also a $ 1 ( 61 p ) raffle in which the prize is a handgun , a weapons display , gun safety videos , a picnic and the opportunity to join in the singing of patriotic songs .
The service will celebrate the second amendment , the controversial and disputed constitutional law that enshrines the right to carry a gun .
Pagano said that some of his congregation were concerned that Barack Obama might restrict gun ownership .
Although the White House has said repeatedly it is not planning any such measures , the National Rifle Association has played on these fears and encouraged the idea that Obama is about to take away people 's guns .
The White House view is that Obama has enough on his agenda without taking on the gun lobby too .
Kentucky 's gun laws , among the most liberal in the country , do not allow people to take guns into places such as bars , schools or jails .
But churches are currently exempted by a loophole because it did not occur to legislators that anyone might want to take a firearm to a service .
Pagano said today that his insurance company had refused to provide the church with cover for the event and had cancelled the policy , which could have meant his plans would have to have been scuppered .
But he said an alternative insurance company had been found .
Planning for the day began a year ago , well before last month 's shooting of the abortion doctor George Tiller in a church in Kansas .
The Brady Campaign , which works for the reduction of gun violence , said there was an inherent contradiction in taking guns to a church .
John Phillips , a pastor who was shot at his church in Arkansas in 1986 , is also among those opposed to the service .
Phillips told the New York Times : " I do n't understand how any minister who is familiar with the teachings of the Bible can do this .
Jesus did n't say , ' Go ahead , make my day . ' "
Pagano said Phillips was entitled to his opinion but there was nothing to say all churches had to be pacifist .
Women – why we love them
Women … we all love them , and look at this pics why 🙂
Sackboys and sackgirls are creepy .
There , I said it .
Now some of you might be saying that they are cute .
You are entitled to your own opinion .
Your opinion is wrong , but you are entitled to it .
You see , saying that sackboy is cute character is like saying that a chihuahua is a cute dog .
And no one would say that because they ’re not cute … and they ’re not dogs either , they ’re rats .
Annoying little yappy rats .
Nonetheless , kudos to Media Molecule and Sony on the originality of and overall enjoyment with Little Big Planet .
Even with their creepy little sackboy mascots .
Comics for this week are done .
Getting started on the sketches for Monday ’s comic tonight .
It was fan suggested and I think the premise was a good one .
So you ’ll just have to wait until Monday to see how it turns out .
Until then …
Back pain is exceedingly common Patients with persistent low back pain should be offered acupuncture , massages or exercises on the NHS , says guidance .
It is the first time the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence has explicitly backed the use of complementary therapies .
The rationing watchdog said evidence suggests they help and will be cost effective if doctors stop providing less proven back services like X - rays .
The move was welcomed by some charities and experts but criticised by others .
Patients whose pain is not improving should have access to a choice of different therapies including acupuncture , structured exercise and manual therapy
Professor Peter Littlejohns of NICE
Do you agree ?
Low back pain is a very common problem affecting one in three adults in the UK each year , with an estimated 2.5 million people seeking help from their GP .
For many people the pain goes away in days or weeks .
But for some , the pain can persist for a long time and become debilitating .
NICE says anyone whose pain persists for more than six weeks and up to a year should be given a choice of several treatments , because the evidence about which works best is uncertain .
Complementary therapies
In addition to painkillers and regular advice to stay active and carry on with normal activities as much as possible , patients , together with their doctor , can decide to opt one of three complementary treatments .
This includes up to eight exercise sessions or 10 sessions of acupuncture over 12 weeks , or a course of manual therapy , which includes up to nine sessions of spinal manipulation , mobilisation or massage .
In my view , a critical risk benefit analysis of the most reliable data fails to come out in favour of chiropractic
Professor Edzard Ernst
Professor Peter Littlejohns , NICE Clinical and Public Health Director said NHS providers now had the opportunity to look at the services they provide and decide what changes are needed .
He said : " There is variation in current clinical practice , so this new NICE guideline means that for the first time we now have the means for a consistent national approach to managing low back pain .
" Importantly , patients whose pain is not improving should have access to a choice of different therapies including acupuncture , structured exercise and manual therapy . "
Patients who fail to benefit from their first choice may be offered another of these options , he said .
If that does n't work , they can try an intensive treatment programme combining exercise and psychological therapy .
Contentious
He said the costs to the NHS would be minimal - in the order of £ 77,000 - because they are offset by the savings in terms of reducing future disability and healthcare needs and moving away from treatments with little supportive evidence .
The guidelines , which apply to England and Wales , say doctors should no longer offer spinal x-rays or MRI scans or injections of therapeutic substances into the back for non-specific low back pain .
The Chartered Society of Physiotherapy welcomed the guidelines , as did Dr Dries Hettinga of the charity BackCare .
He said : " This offers a real choice for patients .
" This guideline will help patients understand what treatment and care can help them with their back pain and shows that there can be a positive outlook for treating this condition . "
But others were critical of the recommendations .
Professor Edzard Ernst , an expert in complementary medicine at Peninsula Medical School , said he was surprised by the guidance and particularly by NICE 's recommendation of spinal manipulation .
" It feels as though the panel was biased in favour of this approach thus over - rating its effectiveness and under - estimating its risks which can be considerable .
In my view , a critical risk benefit analysis of the most reliable data fails to come out in favour of chiropractic .
" We must remember that no optimally effective treatment for back pain exists . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first thing you notice about Kevin Murphy is the baseball cap .
Amid the imperious architecture and soaring intellects ( or vice versa ) of the University of Chicago , the cap is disarming .
It immediately sets you at ease .
This is a guy you can talk to , somebody who grasps everyday reality and speaks in plain language .
Not , it would seem , an economist .
But , of course , Murphy is one of the world 's finest economists .
In 1997 , he received the John Bates Clark medal , awarded to the most promising economist under the age of 40 .
A year later he was elected to the American Academy of Arts & Sciences , rare for an economist so young .
In 2005 , the MacArthur Foundation gave Murphy one of its so - called genius grants in recognition of his research on " seemingly intractable economic questions , placing them on a sound empirical and theoretical footing . "
And in 2007 , he won the prestigious Kenneth J. Arrow award for work on the economic value of health and longevity .
" He 's brilliant , very brilliant , and I do n't use that term often , " said Nobel laureate Gary Becker in 2006 .
" He is at the top ranks in economics . "
Despite the accolades , Murphy remains remarkably well - grounded .
Indeed , he 's been virtually rooted at Chicago since arriving as a grad student in 1981 .
( He made full professor just three years after getting his doctorate . )
Close colleagues are part of the reason for staying put ; his office is sandwiched between Becker 's and Robert Topel 's , his two most frequent co-authors .
Moreover , as the baseball cap might suggest , Murphy has always focused more on work than reputation .
And that work — research on inequality , addiction , unemployment and economic growth , among other areas — is proof of the power of investing in human capital , from a man who worked full time in a grocery store to put himself through college .
INEQUALITY AND ECONOMIC GROWTH
Region :
Let me start with a 2001 paper that you wrote with Finis Welch , which built on previous work you had done with him and others .
You review trends in wage inequality over several decades and show that a coherent story of supply and demand for high skills does a good job of explaining these trends .
Many are concerned about the growth of inequality in the United States , but you suggest a more optimistic perspective in light of the growth of human capital and economic growth .
Could you share that perspective ?
Murphy : Sure .
First , you have to think about the growth of inequality and where it ’s come from , and probably the easiest place to start is education and the return that people get on their education .
Over the decade of the 1980s and continuing though the 1990s , we saw growth in the premium for going to college .
This can be seen best by comparing the average amount earned by college graduates to the average amount earned by high school graduates .
In the late 1970s , the ratio of the two averages was about 1.35 , saying that college graduates earned on average about 35 percent more than high school graduates .
By the time we get to the late 1990s , that number is more like 1.7 , meaning that by the late 1990s , the average college graduate earned 70 percent more than the average high school graduate .
Thus , between the late ’ 70s and the late ’90s , the return to going to college roughly doubled .
If you look at the return to going to graduate school compared to stopping after high school , that gap increased even more .
On the one hand , you could say , well , that means there ’s more inequality .
College graduates used to earn more than high school graduates .
Now the gap is even bigger than before .
That ’s sort of the downside , and I think that ’s one of the first reactions people have .
Of course , the other side of the equation is that the return to going to college — that is , the return on your investment , if you invest the time , money and effort to go to college — is higher today than it ’s probably been in half a century .
That ’s a good thing .
When we say we have a higher return on investment , whether you earn more on your stock market investment or on your college investment , we think that that ’s a good thing .
It means there ’s greater opportunity out there for individuals and society as a whole to increase our incomes by increasing our investment in people , by investing more in their education .
If we look beyond education , we see an increase in the skill premium generally , the gap in wages between skilled workers and unskilled workers , whether highly skilled high school graduates compared to less - skilled high school graduates , or highly skilled college graduates compared to less - skilled college graduates , those differences have gone up as well .
So the return to being more skilled today is higher than ever .
What can we do as individuals , and what can we do as a society ?
The answer is obvious : Invest more in skills , and doing so will provide benefits for individuals and for society as a whole .
That ’s the opportunity that ’s become available .
Region :
Can you elaborate on the benefits for society as a whole ?
Are there significant externalities ?
Murphy :
Well , I think there are some externalities associated with going to school .
But I always think about it as the gains to society are the sum of the gains to individuals .
So if as a country we expand our education levels — we get more people to go on to college , we get high school graduates better trained , we get college graduates better trained — the improvement we ’ll get out of that as a group is probably double what it would have been a couple of decades ago .
Education and training have always been priorities .
They have always been important to an economy .
They ’re more important today than ever .
So it says if we ’re going to focus our policy , or focus our interests , on improving society , one of the major places we want to look is , what can we do to enhance our human capital investment ?
The natural reaction when returns to investment go up is , do more of it .
Region :
If externalities are n’t really the issue here , then it would seem there ’s no real market failure .
That is , people would invest in their own education sufficiently to reap those individual gains .
Why is there a role for government investment in education ?
Murphy : I think the role for government policy comes from two things .
First , government is already heavily involved in education , particularly elementary and secondary schools , and the fact that many students are poorly prepared is thus an issue for policy .
Maybe the answer is less government , but something needs to be done .
And second , there is an important issue in that children cannot fully contract with parents —
Gary Becker and I wrote about this in “ The Family and the State ” — and this creates a role for government funding , particularly for poor families .
INEQUALITY AND SKILL - BIASED TECHNICAL CHANGE
Region :
That leads me to a dozen other questions , but let me focus on one .
There ’s a near consensus among economists about skill - biased technical change as a key source of inequality , but David Card and others have suggested that there are still some puzzles with the theory , such as the slowdown in wage inequality growth in the 1990s , or trends in gender and racial wage gaps .
Do you agree that there are puzzles , or have those puzzles been resolved ?
Murphy : I think there are a few puzzles , but I do n’t think there are puzzles that really jump out at me as the main thing .
What really jumps out at me is the congruence of many different things .
It ’s the similarities and commonalities of the explanations that strike me much more than the remaining puzzles .
One of the things that we ’ve known over time is that there have been technological changes and other changes that have favored more - skilled workers .
That ’s not new ; that ’s been going on for at least the entire 20th century .
What happens over time is that technologies and the types of activities in the economy change ; that raises demand for more - skilled workers , and the economy responds by creating more - skilled workers .
In the early part of the 20th century , that was more and more people going on to high school and finishing high school , and then it became going on to college and finishing college .
So there ’s been this process whereby the demand for skilled workers rises and the supply comes along with it , and that ’s been true for a century .
If you look over the last 30 years , the nature of that technological change has changed somewhat .
In the 1970s and 1980s , we saw rising demand for what you might think of as the top half of the skill distribution relative to the bottom half .
And we saw that as expanding inequality throughout the range of wages .
As we moved into the 1990s and then into the 2000s , much more of the contrast in demand was happening at the very high end of the skill distribution , between workers in the top 20 percent and the bottom 80 percent , between people with graduate degrees and people with college degrees .
So we ’ve had this long - run process of growing demand for skilled workers , but the nature of that demand shift has n’t remained constant .
I think that changing nature is what actually answers a lot of the questions that David Card , for example , poses .
He ’s thinking about this sort of single dimension of change ; viewed in that way there are questions .
The change has always been in the same direction , but its character has changed over time .
It ’s become more and more concentrated at the top end of skill distribution .
Region :
As seen in some of the work that David Autor has done , for example .
Murphy : Yes , David Autor ’s work .
Finis Welch and I have also done some work along those lines .
And the story hangs together pretty well .
You have to dig a little bit deeper than the very simple analysis , but you ’re not changing your ideas .
The basic concept is , let ’s think of the world in terms of supply and demand , let ’s think about the major drivers of demand being changes in technology and changes in the types of activities , measured by either occupational choice or industrial composition .
Those same basic concepts explain a lot of the data .
With racial differentials — for example , black / white differences in the United States — you realize that what ’s going on is very much tied up with skill differences .
If you look at education , there are pretty big gaps that remain between African Americans and whites in terms of the average quality of schooling and the average years of schooling .
So , as education becomes more important , that puts minorities at an increasing disadvantage .
The answer to that problem , of course , is doing something to improve the education system for disadvantaged groups .
When we go back to the supply - and - demand analysis , that problem shows up once again .
Because what have we seen since 1980 ?
We ’ve seen the premium from going on to college rise ; we ’ve seen the number of people going on to college rise .
Predictably , right ?
The higher the returns , the more people are going to want to go .
Unfortunately , the success rate for people going on to college has not been that great .
That ’s one of the big problems we have .
Women have been more successful than men at increasing their rate of completion of college .
Women now way outnumber men in terms of the fraction that finish .
That reflects the fact that we have lots of people who are more poorly prepared to go on to college .
They may try to go to college , but they ’re not going to be very successful at it .
That creates a problem , because as the demand for skilled workers rises , the price of skilled workers goes up , and more people go on to college .
The natural effect , of course , is that we increase the supply of skilled workers , which will counteract that rise in premium somewhat .
But if people do n’t finish college , well , the premium rise is n’t counteracted by rising supply .
UNEMPLOYMENT AND LABOR MARKETS
Region :
In 1997 , you wrote with Robert Topel that “ the unemployment rate has become progressively less informative about the state of the labor market , ” because of the rising number of American men who have dropped out of the labor force , stopped looking for work ; “ nonemployment ” was your term .
Do you think that an employment / population ratio would be a more useful indicator of economic well - being , rather than the unemployment rate as currently defined ?
Murphy :
It ’s difficult to look at , for example , the very low unemployment rates we saw in the early 2000s and say that represented an economy in which everyone was working .
Unemployment rates were at roughly the same level that they were in the late 1960s , but if you look at prime - age males , the fraction actually working who were , say , 30 to 40 years old was quite a bit lower in 2001 because there was a big increase in the number who were out of the labor force in that age category .
It was n’t a random selection of people who were out of the labor force .
It was primarily low - skilled workers who had withdrawn from the labor market as two things happened .
One , the opportunities in the labor market for low - skilled workers had deteriorated quite a bit with the rise in demand for skill and fall in demand for low - skilled workers ; and second , other things like the growth in disability benefits had allowed some of those individuals to withdraw from the labor market .
We saw mostly a demand shift that caused people to move out of the labor market at the low end .
What that meant was , from a pure labor market perspective , the unemployment rate really was n’t indicative of what the economy was like .
Unemployment in an economic sense was n’t as low as unemployment in a measured sense .
I think that remains true today — our traditional measures of unemployment are not the best measures that we could have .
We should have something that would take into account the number of people out of the labor force .
However , you want to do that age - adjusted , because the number of people who are 65 years old who are out of the labor force does not provide a good barometer of the labor market .
If anything , it ’s a reverse barometer .
If over the next 10 years , because we ’ve had a huge decline in retirement account values , a bunch of 65 - plus - year - olds start working , we ’re not going to say , wow , what a robust labor market !
Right ?
We have all these 70 - year - olds out there working today !
That would be a bad barometer .
But when lots of 30 - and 40 - year - old males are not working , there ’s something going on there .
That ’s an indicator that labor market conditions are not very conducive to having them employed .
So I think if you ’re going to go to a more employment - to - population ratio type of analysis , you definitely have to restrict the age range and maybe even weight it in various ways , and also allow for gender .
For example , when the number of women move into the labor market or drop out of the labor market , again , we do n’t typically think it has the same implication as when men shift in and out .
So , I ’d like to move in that direction .
I ’m not sure there ’s a simple statistic that summarizes the labor market well .
It ’s not something you can just calculate blindly from the Current Population Survey and say , this is better than the current unemployment rate .
But I think if we worked at it , we could come up with something better , and I do think it is hard to compare unemployment rates over long periods of time .
The unemployment rate in 2001 being close to what it was in 1967 did n’t mean the labor market in 2001 looked like the one in ’ 67 .
Now , the unemployment rate is still probably a pretty good measure in comparing what does the labor market look like in 2009 versus what it looked like in 2006 .
Region : Short - term .
Murphy : Short - term .
The things that Bob Topel and I identified are long - term factors — like the demand for skill .
Those factors operate on a decade basis , not on a year - to - year , month - to - month , quarter - to - quarter basis .
So the unemployment rate is probably still a good short - run barometer , but it is not a very good medium - to - long - term barometer .
I guess that ’s the way I would think about it .
ADDICTION
Region : With Gary Becker , you developed a theory of “ rational addiction . ”
Could you give us a description of what seems , on its surface , a very counterintuitive concept ?
Murphy : OK .
Let ’s take that rational addiction framework .
I guess I ’ll tie together — and I think this is what ’s important really — the predictions of the theory along with the mechanics of the theory .
We laid out in our analysis how someone would behave who was a perfectly rational individual faced with the notion that if he starts , say , smoking cigarettes , that that will have an effect on his desire to smoke cigarettes in the future — that is , our perfectly rational individual realizes that smoking today raises his demand for smoking in the future .
And he takes that into account in his decision - making .
He also takes account of the impact of smoking today on other things in the future , like his future health — smoking today means he ’s more likely to get lung cancer or cardiovascular disease .
That theory has some pretty simple implications .
One is , if I learn today that smoking is going to harm me in the future , then I will smoke less — that is , people will respond to information about the future .
People will also respond to future prices .
If they think cigarettes are going to be more expensive in the future , developing a taste for cigarettes is a more expensive habit , and they will have an incentive to avoid building up a smoking habit .
A major implication that we tried to test in the data was , do anticipated increases in the future price of cigarettes impact smoking today ?
And what we found when we went to the data was yes , there ’s a pretty strong pattern saying that anticipated future changes in the price of cigarettes actually show up as less smoking today .
Now , what ’s interesting is you can compare that with what we call a naïve or myopic model .
In a myopic model , people do n’t look forward and , therefore , they only decide whether to smoke based on the current price of cigarettes .
They do n’t care about the future price .
And the data actually reject that simple myopic model in favor of the rational addiction framework .
So I think the empirical evidence that we found was consistent with the rational addiction model .
It was that evidence that convinced us , more than anything , that we were on to something .
We wrote down the theory because we wanted to understand , what does the theory have to say ?
We then took it to the data to say , well , do the data bear out this theory or do they bear out a more traditional theory , that addicts are somehow completely irrational ?
And we found that the data say , well , people seem to respond at least somewhat in the direction of being rational .
You do n’t want to overstate it though .
Our data do n’t say people are completely rational .
It looks like they ’re mostly rational is the way I would interpret our data .
Region : Bounded ?
Murphy :
Well , I do n’t know if it ’s the same as bounded rationality , but they take account of future prices but not quite as much as the theory would say they should .
The myopic theory says there should be a zero .
Let ’s say as a normalization , the rational addiction framework says you ’d get a one ; you actually kind of get a number like 0.7 or 0.75 .
So it ’s closer to the rational model than the myopic model , but it ’s not a 100 percent victory .
It ’s a 75 percent victory for the rational model .
So it comes out to be a useful model for understanding behavior , but not a perfect model .
Subsequently , others have gone out and modified the model and tried to make it consistent with bounded rationality and hyperbolic discounting and all kinds of other things , so I think there ’s been a lot of work that ’s built on our model , that tries to help explain that last 25 percent that we missed .
But I take it as saying that , look , the model is a very useful model for thinking about the world .
And I do n’t think it ’s that surprising to people .
One of the things that comes into people ’s minds when they smoke is , they think about the future , they think about should I really be smoking , it ’s bad for me .
Most people who quit smoking do n’t quit smoking because they do n’t enjoy it .
Right ?
There ’s nobody out there who said , you know , I quit smoking because I did n’t enjoy smoking .
You ever meet anybody who said , I quit because I did n’t enjoy it ?
No , people say , I quit because I worried about my health , worried about my children , it costs too much .
But very few people stop smoking because they do n’t enjoy it .
And that tells you immediately that there ’s an element of rationality to their decision - making .
Maybe not as much as there should be , in some people ’s minds , but there ’s certainly an element of rationality in the smoker ’s mind .
If you ask people who do n’t smoke why they do n’t smoke , there ’s an element of rationality too .
They say , well , I do n’t want to smoke because I do n’t want to get addicted and I do n’t want the bad health consequences .
So I do n’t find it surprising that a model that says that people look forward has some predictive power .
I think a lot more people would smoke if they did n’t worry about the future .
IMPLICATIONS FOR DRUG POLICY
Region :
What are the implications of rational addiction theory for public policy on currently illegal drugs — that is , enforcing prohibition versus legalization and taxation ?
Murphy :
There we started out from the point of view of how does an economist think about a prohibition ?
The way I think about prohibition , why does prohibition on drugs curtail drug consumption ?
Well , the primary way is it makes drugs more expensive .
It raises the street price of drugs from what they would be if people could freely bring them into the country and freely distribute them .
It raises the price by making them less available .
If I want to get drugs , I ca n’t just go down to the supermarket or the drugstore and buy my drugs .
I ’ve got to go to a neighborhood , maybe it ’s dangerous .
I also have to worry about the strength and quality of the drugs .
Am I going to get drugs that are tainted ?
All those things make drugs more expensive than they would otherwise be .
And what do we know about demand for any commodity , whether it ’s drugs or haircuts or strawberries ?
You make them more expensive , people consume less .
So our view of the world is that , basically the way drug policy works in the United States at least , is it tries to make drugs more expensive , less attractive , and cause people to consume less .
In economic terms , it pushes us back up the demand curve .
And rough estimates say we ’ve quadrupled the cost of drugs relative to what they would be in a world without this interdiction .
If you quadruple the price of something , people are going to buy less of it .
But , unfortunately , the way we bring about that quadrupling of price is by increasing the cost of supplying drugs .
The amount of money people are spending on drugs is actually higher than it would be if the price were lower , because the demand for drugs is not very elastic .
Region :
You ’ve shifted the supply curve , and moved up the demand curve .
Murphy : Exactly .
So think about a simple world where the elasticity of demand is about a half .
You quadruple the price of drugs , and the quantity of drugs is cut in half .
So you ’ve got four times the price , half the quantity .
You ’ve doubled expenditures .
People are spending twice as much and consuming half as much .
Well , where did that added expenditure go ?
It goes to the drug dealers .
It does n’t go to the government ; it does n’t stay with the consumers .
It goes to drug dealers .
And that revenue actually finances the supply of drugs and finances the drug lords who supply drugs to the United States .
So what we ’ve really done in this case is financed the people who are on the other side of the War on Drugs .
So , the War on Drugs , in our view , has been kind of doomed by its basic economics .
That is , the harder you fight the war , the higher you push up the price .
The higher the price , the higher the revenue of suppliers ; the higher the price , the greater the incentive to supply drugs to the United States .
Now , what are the costs to the suppliers ?
Well , they have to avoid detection .
They fight over turf for drug territories .
They pay people off .
They may go to prison .
All those costs are pretty much bad things .
They use violence to enforce their contracts and the like .
Not a good outcome .
But when you put people in prison , you have to consider not only does it cost society in the form of people in prison who could otherwise be gainfully employed , but it also costs us money to put them there .
So for every dollar of cost we impose on the drug suppliers , we spend at least a dollar of our own money on top of it to keep them there .
If we normalize what we would have spent in a free market on drugs at $ 100 , consumers are now spending $ 200 on half the quantity of drugs and then spending another $ 100 on top of that to put all those people in jail .
So we ’re paying three times as much for half as much output .
From an economic point of view , that ’s more than a little bit counterproductive .
Usually you think , if I ’m going to produce less output at least it should cost me less .
Region : So , rational addiction but irrational ...
Murphy : Irrational policy , right .
So , what ’s the answer ?
If you want to reduce consumption , raise the price .
What ’s the natural way to raise the price of something ?
Tax it .
Region :
That is , something you want to discourage .
Murphy : Something you want to discourage , exactly .
We want to discourage smoking , so we tax cigarettes .
If we want to discourage greenhouse gases , we ’ll tax carbon emissions .
Whatever it is , if you want to discourage it , tax it .
The advantage of that is , you get the same reduction in output ; the cost of production rather than going up , goes down .
It costs less to produce half as much output as it does to produce the full amount of output .
And the extra money that would have been wasted is now going to the government in the form of tax revenues , which would allow us to reduce other taxes , or do other things .
So , a system where we make drugs legal and tax them makes a lot of economic sense relative to the current system .
People say , wait a minute , we ca n’t make drugs legal .
Do n’t drugs cause all these horrible problems ?
The problem is , most of the things that people point to when they talk about the horrible things generated by drugs are actually the horrible things generated by the War on Drugs .
The violence and the corruption we have , and the corruption in foreign governments — that ’s because drugs are illegal .
If drugs were legal , we would n’t have a violence problem .
We would n’t have tons of people in prison .
Those people are there not because drugs did anything but because we made these things illegal .
People still wanted them , and when people still want something that ’s illegal , we have a black market .
And if we imprison people who engage in a black market , we ’re going to increase the size of the prison population and make all the associated expenditures .
We see that in the recent War on Drugs .
We saw that with prohibition in the 1920s .
It ’s an old phenomenon .
You may enact a prohibition , but it does n’t get rid of demand .
People still want the commodity .
You ’ve just forced production to occur in the black market , and when demand is inelastic — and that ’s what ’s key — when people are going to still demand it even as you push the price up , the black market is very inefficient , because you ’re raising costs and expenditure at the same time .
HEALTH AND MEDICAL RESEARCH
Region : Your work with Robert Topel on the economics of health and medical research has provided real insight into the enormous value we place on curing disease and extending life spans .
But at the same time , of course , there ’s a high level of public concern about rising health care expenditure .
Do you think those concerns are warranted ?
Murphy : I do , I definitely think so .
The first thing to realize is that the improvements in health and longevity that we ’ve experienced historically have been tremendously valued .
That is , if you think about the last 30 years or you think about the last 100 years , it appears that the growth in health and longevity is worth about as much to people as the growth in material wealth .
You can see that by sort of a simple question .
I ’m going to take you from the year 2009 back to 1909 , and I ’m going to give you a choice .
You can take one thing with you on your trip :
You can take either today ’s health and longevity , or today ’s wealth .
That is , you can either have the added income that we got over those 100 years , or you can have the improvements in health and longevity .
And the question is , which one would you take ?
You ’d be giving up 20 - plus years of life expectancy going back to then , or you could give up the very substantial growth in real income we have seen over the last 100 years .
Our analysis says , that ’s a horse race , that probably the health is worth more than the wealth , but it ’s close .
And the same is true , roughly , over a 30 - year period .
That is , the improvements in health have been roughly equivalent to the improvements in material wealth over both the short and long term .
That means a lot .
It says , when we think about traditional economic growth , we say , wow , what a wonderful world we live in !
I ’m so glad to live in 2009 instead of 1909 .
And if you ’re just thinking about the material wealth side , you ’ve probably got about half of it .
The other half of the gain is that you ’re healthier , you live a lot longer and you ’re subject to much less disease than you would have been a century ago .
That to me is a starting point .
Now there ’s another side , which is that the cost of achieving that health has gone up as well .
You did n’t get all that extra health for nothing .
If you look at the last 30 years or so , the gains in health and longevity have been about three times as big on average as the increases in expenditures , so the gains have increased faster than have expenditures .
However , that does n’t mean that expenditure is unimportant .
In particular , if you look going forward , it ’s a big deal .
So now I ’d like to completely shift gears from the past to the future .
And let ’s suppose that we make a discovery and from some date onward , we have a 10 percent lower death rate from cancer .
We estimate that a discovery that reduced cancer death rates by 10 percent has a present value of about $ 5 trillion .
That ’s a big number — it ’s less than half but more than a third of a year of GDP .
That ’s a lot of value .
So now let ’s think about a program designed to try to capture that $ 5 trillion gain .
Let ’s say we ’re going to propose a big National Institutes of Health budget increase to try to work on the new War on Cancer .
Say we spent $ 100 billion on our new War on Cancer .
$ 100 billion is a lot of research money .
If you talk to people , they ’d say , we can do a lot with $ 100 billion ; there ’s a good chance we can achieve that 10 percent reduction in the cancer death rate .
You might be tempted to think , well , is n’t this a no - brainer ?
I spend $ 100 billion , and even if my chance is one in 10 of being successful , I ’m going to get $ 500 billion in expected value .
So what a great return on your money , a five for one , even with a one in 10 chance .
But what ’s left out of that equation ?
What ’s left out is the cost of implementing whatever cancer treatments I discover .
If it costs $ 10 trillion in present value to implement these new treatments that generate the $ 5 trillion gain in life expectancy , we ’ve lost money .
The discovery has negative value , not positive value .
On the other hand , if it costs only $ 2 trillion , well , we will end up with a $ 3 trillion net gain .
In this calculation , what matters ?
Does the $ 100 billion invested by NIH matter ?
What would happen if I made that $ 200 billion ?
Or I made it $ 50 billion ?
The answer is it does not matter much .
Even the probability of success does not matter too much .
What really does matter is the cost of treatment .
If treatment costs are $ 10 trillion , the project has a negative net present value even if the research is free .
With $ 2 trillion in treatment costs , the net gain from success is $ 3 trillion , so that we would get a good return even if the probability of success was one in 30 .
So when you think about research , it ’s not the dollars you spend that matter — what matters is the cost of implementing the treatment that might be discovered .
The downside to research is not failure , but unaffordable success .
I think the following message comes out of that exercise : Cost containment and health progress are complementary .
That is , if we can control costs , that makes research a much more attractive option .
That ’s the most important lesson I learned from doing this work .
When you go to Washington and talk to people at NIH , what are they excited about ?
They ’re excited about that $ 5 trillion number .
They ’re excited that , boy , we could do something that could generate tremendous value for people .
We can cure disease and lengthen lives , both of which make people much better off .
The work that Bob and I did quantifies that number ; it says it ’s huge , $ 5 trillion for that 10 percent reduction in cancer .
You walk across the street and talk to the guys who have to pay for it , and they ’re terrified that people are going to come up with more new medical treatments that they ’re somehow going to have to finance .
So , to me the bottom line is those two people have to work together .
That is , we have tremendous ability to create value for people .
We also know that health expenditure is a very important part of the equation .
What we need to do is focus our research on finding affordable treatments .
And if we can do that , we can put more money into health research knowing that we ’re going to end up creating net value for people — gains in longevity and health that exceed the cost of investment .
The question of should we have a bigger NIH budget is not a question of whether we would be wasting the money .
The question is , what are we going to get out of it ?
If we ’re going to get affordable treatments , a bigger NIH budget sounds great .
If we have no cost containment , it ’s a much more dicey equation .
We need to work together on , one , cost containment , and two , increased and better research .
WHAT DRIVES HEALTH CARE EXPENDITURE ?
Region : Recent research by Daron Acemoglu , Amy Finkelstein and Matthew Notowidigdo suggests that increased income per capita is n’t the primary driver of the tripling in health care expenditure - to - GDP ratio since 1960 .
They ’re not sure what the explanation is , but they suggest it may be institutionalized health insurance .
What are your thoughts about the causes of rising health care spending ?
Murphy : I think there ’s a good chance they ’re right .
I think those kinds of explanations are looking at the right suspects .
This is what I think about when I talk about cost containment .
Let me go back to my War on Cancer .
Let ’s say we have our War on Cancer , and we ’re going to spend $ 100 billion .
And we have a 50 percent chance of being successful in finding a 10 percent reduction in cancer .
So we have a 50 percent chance of getting a $ 5 trillion return , a 50 percent chance that we ’ll discover nothing .
Okay ?
Now let ’s say there are two cost scenarios , to make it really simple .
One is that the treatment is nearly free ; it ’s a really low - cost treatment .
The other one is it costs $ 10 trillion .
If each of those happens with 50 percent probability , well , as you can quickly realize , the expected gain is now zero .
We ’re going to discover this treatment with probability one - half , in which case we get $ 5 trillion in gains .
But we have $ 5 trillion in expected cost , and so the net expected payoff is zero .
I set it up that way to make the algebra simple .
Now let ’s say we had a sane health care delivery system that did n’t use treatments that cost more than their benefits .
Well , now your probability of failure is 75 percent , since half the time you discover nothing and half the time you discover something that is too costly to use .
But rather than being lower , your expected gain is now $ 1.25 trillion .
Half the time , you ’re going to discover it .
Of that , half the time it ’s going to be low - cost .
So a quarter of the time , you ’re going to get $ 5 trillion , so you ’ve got a $ 1.25 trillion expected gain for a $ 100 billion investment .
By rationalizing the care system , we ’ve changed what was a zero , or actually negative , net return investment into a hugely positive net return investment .
We did n’t make science better .
We did n’t make the probability of discovery better .
All we did was rationalize our care system so we do n’t overspend .
That ’s the point I ’ve been trying to make about the complementary nature of cost containment and research .
That is , getting our spending house in order , making sure that we do n’t overspend , is the key not only to using efficiently the technologies we have , but the key to helping us develop even more technologies down the road .
That ’s why it ’s important to focus on finding out why we spent so much more and whether we spent that money wisely and what has caused us not to spend it wisely .
Maybe it ’s the amount of insurance we have , maybe it ’s the fact that we have this cost - plus payment system that basically says , it ’s not about finding lower - cost cures , it ’s just finding cures that people will want to use .
In many ways we have a system that has n’t really focused on cost containment .
If we could focus on cost containment , focus on rational use , that ’s going to make research and development in medical technology more viable , which would really benefit all of us .
So I see that disconnect between the payers and the developers as being a major problem .
It ’s because we have a very complicated health care delivery system where people do n’t bear the cost of their own decisions .
Region :
If the costs were internalized , we ’d make the right decisions ?
Murphy : Exactly .
We do n’t worry about people developing TV sets that are too expensive , right ?
That ’s not a concern .
Region : Unless the government is going to pay for it .
Murphy :
If the government was going to pay for TVs , then we ’d be worried about that .
But in the private market , we do n’t worry about people developing TVs that are too expensive .
People have no incentive to do that .
In the medical area that ’s not true .
In the current system , people have the incentive to develop things for which the costs could outweigh the benefits .
As long as they ’re still going to get used , people are going to supply them .
So research is going to respond .
If you ca n’t fix the delivery system , you just give up and say , that ’s an impossible problem .
Then you have to go to a second - best solution , which is to refocus the investment side and say , we ’re going to press investment in the direction of low - cost treatments .
We ’re going to try to directly affect investment .
That ’s a much less good solution .
If you fix the delivery system , you get the static gains from fixing the delivery system plus the dynamic gains of better investing .
In the other case , you only get some of the dynamic gains , and you do n’t get all of them unless you ’re really omniscient as to what ought to be done .
So fixing the delivery system is the first - best solution .
You fix the delivery system ; then you can let the researchers have at it .
In other markets where we do n’t have this problem , the discovery system works great , right ?
That ’s how we got all these great computers , great TVs and all this other stuff , because the customer was king and they got the goods that they wanted .
In a world in which I ’m spending other people ’s money , the world would look very different than it does today .
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Region :
You ’ve done research on various aspects of antitrust and Microsoft , and also broader issues of copyright protection and intellectual property .
As you know , economists Michele Boldrin and David Levine have argued that patents and copyrights inhibit innovation rather than encourage it .
What ’s your perspective ?
Murphy : I think they ’re wrong .
I have a paper that takes them on pretty directly .
There are some technical elements to what they did in terms of why they got to the answer they did .
It ’s some of the assumptions they make about the form of demand in those systems .
It is true that a market without patents is not a market without incentives .
That is , even if you do n’t have patents , you ’re still going to have incentives because to the extent that people need an original to make copies , the person who creates the original can collect some of that derivative demand .
I make the original , I sell it to you .
How much do I sell it to you for ?
Both the value you place on using it and the value you place on making copies to sell to somebody else .
That ’s the mechanism that they say means the value does n’t go away .
And it ’s true .
They ’re absolutely right .
In a simple world like that , the original producer captures all of the market value created .
But there ’s a slight twist here .
The producer collects the market value , which is based on the quantity sold times marginal value .
There ’s consumer surplus out there that the producer does n’t collect .
When you have copying , you lose control of supply , which can diminish and in some cases greatly diminish market value .
That turned out not to be a huge problem for Boldrin and Levine because demand is very elastic in their world and more supply means more revenue .
They live in a world with elastic demand for output , which means that more supply means more revenue because the decline in price is smaller than the increase in quantity .
So you make this thing and people copy it and the quantity goes up and up and up , and the revenue goes up along with the quantity .
In a world where that ’s not true , and demand at some point becomes relatively inelastic , revenues actually go down , and the producer is able to collect all those revenues upfront , but those revenues can get very low .
If you think about a curve with quantity on the horizontal axis and revenue on the vertical axis , the amount of revenue you get as a function of quantity is like a hill .
There ’s some optimal quantity that would maximize your revenue .
And when you have too little quantity you get less revenue , and when you have too much quantity you get less revenue .
Now when I as the producer control supply , what do I do ?
I issue exactly the right amount of supply to put me right at the top of the hill , where I collect all the revenue .
Now that ’s not a good thing because I ’m restricting output , but it ’s a good thing because it gives me an incentive to produce .
It ’s the usual trade - off between incentives to create and the efficiency of use .
Since I control supply , I produce at the profit - maximizing quantity .
What happens when people can make copies ?
Well , I have to take account of the fact that , once I put it out in the market , supply is going to grow .
If people can make copies , I have to start with less quantity than I want , knowing that we ’re going to go up the hill and down the other side .
What happens when people can make copies really fast , like they can with music ?
I have to start way to the left , and then we go really fast over the hill .
So I spend all my time way to the left where I get almost no return and way to the right where I get almost no return .
It ’s true that I spent some time near the top of the revenue hill , but not very much .
In a more realistic model , for small rates of copying , Boldrin and Levine are right .
If people can copy slowly , it ’s true that I do n’t need property rights .
The inability to make copies quickly allows me to collect most of what I ’d be able to collect anyway .
On the other hand , in a world in which people can make copies very rapidly , it breaks down and there ’s a major decline in incentives , and you need copyrights and property right protection ( or a substitute mechanism ) to maintain incentives in that case .
So their model is fine for certain things like economic theories and other things that disseminate slowly .
People say the Pythagorean theorem is a public good ; well , we spent many billions of dollars last year teaching people the Pythagorean theorem .
Right ?
Transferring that thing is n’t free .
And the value of knowing the Pythagorean theorem is n’t zero because it costs something to obtain it .
On the other hand , with things like Internet file - sharing , the song gets out there and we dissipate a lot of that value very quickly .
So I would say they ’re right in a very special case , but not in many of the most important cases .
ECONOMIC GROWTH AND FERTILITY
Region :
One more question , if I could .
In 1988 , with Gary Becker and Robert Tamura , you wrote an influential paper on the relationship between human fertility , human capital and economic growth , suggesting that parents face a quantity / quality trade - off in deciding how many children to have — in the sense that they can better nurture the human capital of their kids if they have fewer of them — and further , that this increased human capital contributes to economic growth .
It ’s a theme that Robert Lucas develops in his work .
What do you consider the most promising future directions for research on the mechanics of economic growth ?
Murphy :
There are two things I really want to work on more .
One is a tighter marriage between work on economic growth and the work on investment in human capital .
I think we need a better understanding of how investing in human capital , and changes in the cost of investing in human capital , feed into growth .
So , I see a need for more on that element of it .
The second part that I think is really a fundamental question is fertility .
We now know that more than 50 developed countries are below replacement fertility .
In many places , we are far below replacement fertility .
And the question is , where are we going on that ?
Is there a force out there , be it economic growth or the economics of the family , that ’s going to allow that to stay , or is there going to be a force that ’s going to push fertility back up ?
We have no really good macroeconomic theories of fertility in developed economies at the moment .
We have , for the early stages of development , the kind of Becker - Murphy - Tamura stuff that says what happens is when you start developing , you start getting human capital ; as human capital goes up , the costs of children rise , the return on quality rises so you get fewer children , more investment in each child .
But I do n’t think we understand anything about the determinants of fertility once we get to the modern advanced economy .
I think it ’s an incredibly interesting question , what ’s going to happen in a country like Japan , which is way below replacement fertility ?
What ’s going to happen in southern Europe ?
The United States has relatively high fertility , but still way below historical standards .
Gary Becker and I are currently working on those two prongs of the equation .
What ’s going on with fertility ?
And what ’s going on with human capital investment — particularly human capital investment in women ?
One thing we ’ve seen worldwide is very rapid growth in human capital investment in women relative to men .
That is , the fraction of women going on to college has increased faster than it has for men .
That ’s true on a worldwide basis .
And to me that ’s a really interesting question :
How do those fit together ?
What does that say about fertility ?
What does that say about women ’s involvement in the labor market ?
So my research agenda in this direction is to try to bring all those pieces together .
The final piece of the puzzle , which is again related — what ’s interesting about this is it kind of brings all the research we ’ve done together — is the realization that education is not just important in the market , but it ’s also important in the household .
Differences in , for example , longevity by education level , have been growing , and one of the reasons for that is that with the growth in the availability of various things you can do from a medical standpoint , there ’s more you can do to help yourself .
More care has moved out of the hospital into the household .
There ’s more outpatient care , there are more drug therapies , there ’s more patient monitoring of their own health .
There ’s more knowledge of what ’s good to do diet - wise , exercise - wise .
We know also that more - educated individuals are more successful at following those regimens than less - educated people .
So human capital is not only affecting how much you can earn in the marketplace , it ’s affecting how well you can run your life generally , and I think that ’s another part of the equation we want to bring in .
We have this integrated program , thinking about fertility , and human capital in the household and in the market .
That ’s sort of the picture we ’re working on right now .
And hopefully Gary and I will be able to make some progress .
Region : Does Gary Becker ever stop working ?
Murphy : No .
He never stops working .
He ’s a machine .
He outworks everybody half his age .
BUILT -IN FLAWS ?
Region : I ’ve heard that you ’re a great furniture - maker and that you build in or leave a flaw , a minor flaw , in each piece .
Murphy : I would n’t say I am a great furniture - maker .
Yeah , the flaw story is kind of true .
I do n’t know about “ a minor flaw . ”
I like to make things that have some character to them , so I ’ll make a little curve here or there , or do something that ’s a little unique , ’ cause otherwise it ’s so much like what you ’d buy at the store .
You know , you want to make it have some individuality to it , and that ’s the way I like it .
Region :
Do you do the same in your models ?
Murphy : I try not to .
Those I try to make as good as I can .
They end up with flaws anyway , but it ’s not by design .
Region :
Thank you so much .
Murphy :
And thank you very much .
Good talking with you .
Douglas Clement
March 18 , 2009
Drag Me to Hell is “ an outlandish amount of fun , ” said Bill Goodykoontz in The Arizona Republic .
In this “ gloriously over - the- top ” horror movie about a woman cursed by a Gypsy and tormented by demons , director Sam Raimi “ aims to make us laugh and scare the pants off us , and he hits the mark on both fronts . ” ( watch the trailer for Drag Me to Hell )
“ If you want your date jumping into your lap , ” said Scott Von Doviak in The Screengrab , Drag Me to Hell is “ the perfect choice for a night out . ”
But there ’s really no comparing “ its modest charms with the demented energy and deranged inventiveness of Raimi ’s early work , most notably Evil Dead 2 . ”
Sam Raimi ’s lost it , said Rex Reed in The New York Observer .
“ The true test of any successful horror flick is how wretched it makes you feel , ” and after watching Drag Me to Hell , “ you wo n’t mind walking home alone . ”
In fact , “ you might even welcome a dark , deserted alley ” to “ help alleviate the anger of knowing you ’ve been had . ”
Tehran 's bus drivers have joined the struggle for democratic and trade union rights .
Introduction by Robert Johnson and John Riddell
June 29 , 2009 -- Socialist Voice --
The mass protests in Iran , sparked by charges of fraud in the June 12 presidential elections , express deeply felt demands for expanded democratic rights .
The establishment press has been silent on the aspirations of rank - and - file protesters .
Socialist Voice is therefore pleased to be able to publish several statements by components of Iran 's vigorous trade union movement , which has been a major target of repression by Iran 's security forces .
We have provided the titles and some introductory comments .
The US government and its allies hypocritically claim to be " pro-democracy " , a lie exposed by their enthusiastic support of repressive dictatorships in Egypt , Saudi Arabia and elsewhere , and their alliance with the apartheid regime in Israel .
For 30 years they have raged against Iran , jealous of the sovereignty established by its great revolution in 1979 .
Now they hope that the protest movement can provide an opening for them to undermine Iranian sovereignty and return the country to their sphere of influence .
They hope to break Iran 's alignment with the Palestinian freedom struggle and with the progressive nations of Latin America 's Bolivarian Alliance ( ALBA ) .
By repressing mass protests , the Iranian government is weakening the country 's defences against such imperialist attacks .
Continued social progress in Iran depends on the expansion of democratic rights , and the strengthening the working class and other popular forces that are the main pillar of national sovereignty .
Progressive activists in Canada should not take sides between the competing factions in Iran 's capitalist class , nor should we try to instruct the Iranian people on how the present crisis might be resolved .
These questions can only be settled by the Iranian people themselves .
We should , however , support the right of the Iranian people to communicate freely , to demonstrate , and to form trade unions and other popular associations independent of government supervision or control .
We should support calls for freeing political prisoners and for an end to the repression .
At the same time , we should strongly oppose attempts by imperialism to take advantage of this crisis , and call for an end to sanctions and other forms of foreign oppression of the Iranian people .
The position adopted by the Vancouver antiwar coalition Stopwar.ca provides a good example of this approach .
Its resolution also appears below .
* * *
Tehran bus drivers ' union : General prosperity depends on general cooperation , and we must not let others make decisions for us .
We must take the initiative ourselves .
[ In 2005 - 2006 , the strike movement of Tehran 's bus drivers won respect among working people in Iran and worldwide .
The movement was repressed and hundreds of drivers were arrested , but the union continues to function .
[ Mansour Osanloo , the president of the bus drivers ' union , has been in jail since July 2007 , serving a five - year sentence for " threatening national security " and " propaganda against the state " .
He has suffered gross mistreatment at the hands of his jailers .
He is being denied appropriate medical treatment and his health is failing .
Other leaders and activists of the bus drivers ' union have suffered arbitrary arrests , beatings , and loss of their jobs .
[ The union issued the following statement during the campaign for Iran 's tenth presidential election , before the outbreak of the national crisis . ]
The Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company Workers ' Trade Union is purely a trade and workers ' organisation .
This trade union was formed in 2005 based on the consciousness of the workers and the broad support and involvement of workers , and despite its ups and downs and many problems , has continued its activity as before until today .
The Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company Workers ' Trade Union does not support any candidate in the tenth presidential election and does not view supporting any candidate as within the scope of the activities of independent workers ' organisations .
With the absence of freedom [ of activity ] for parties , naturally our organisation is also deprived of a social association that would protect it .
While the Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company Workers ' Trade Union views political intervention and activity as the absolute right of every single person in society , it believes that if the presidential candidates present workers ' manifestoes and give practical guarantees about their electoral slogans , workers throughout Iran can either participate or not participate in the election .
But the Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company Workers ' Trade Union , as a workers ' association , sees it as its duty to ask all candidates [ some questions ] , so that in case there is a logical answer , workers can make a decision about these [ replies ] .
But unfortunately , until now the presidential candidates have not expressed any views about workers , the unemployed , and their demands in the press , at conferences , in press conferences or during provincial trips .
Today , for workers and their families , encouragement about participation in the election is one of the most meaningless of existing debates , because during the past three decades the workers have experienced all the presidents from the time of the [ Iran - Iraq ] war and the [ post - war ] reconstruction and reform , and also the affection - cultivating president .
We want all our workmates and people of our class , if there is a discussion about the election in their place of work or study , home or neighbourhood , to not forget to ask themselves and others what is the programme of the presidential pretenders for workers ?
1 . What is the clear position of the candidates of the tenth presidential election on the formation of independent workers ' organisations without the interference of the government and employers ?
2. How do you justify the suppression of independent workers ' organisations like the Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company Workers ' Trade Union ?
3 . Considering the accumulated demands of workers and that the poverty line announced for this year is 850,000 tomans [ $ 874 ] , but on the other hand the monthly wage has been set at 263,000 tomans [ $ 270 ] , will you accept the demand of workers ' organisations that the minimum wage should be one million tomans [ $ 1021 ] ?
This was what the signatures of factory workers throughout the country have proclaimed .
4 . To announce their opinion on international conventions on labour rights , children 's rights , women 's and human rights , and to say how they will adhere to them ?
5 . To say what their opinion and programme is on job security , job creation , housing , and unemployment insurance for people over 18 years old , medical insurance for everyone , and scrapping temporary contracts that are the cause of hardship and poverty for working class families ?
During these past years , the workers have been told to make sacrifices and to accept their hardship and their lack of rights .
While the workers can neither go to work with security or hope , nor to their homes for rest , thousands of plainclothes and security force [ officers ] -- forces that perform no productive work and are used everywhere and for any deed that is necessary , with any level of violence and use of force -- are kept to deprive and detain workers from a free life .
Yet [ the candidates ] refuse to [ devote ] one day to talking about the workers ' demands and needs .
These are not issues specific to the time of the election .
These problems depend on the co-operation of all toilers who see this dam in front of them .
We must strive to go past this dam and reach a society where the solving of social problems is not handed over to the president and parliament only .
General prosperity depends on general cooperation , and we must not let others make decisions for us .
We must take the initiative ourselves .
-- Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company Workers ' Trade Union , May 2009
Tehran bus drivers ' union :
We `fully support this movement of [ the ]
Iranian people to build a free and independent civil society and condemn any violence and oppression '
[ In this later statement , the union states its position on the post- election crisis . ]
In recent days , we continue witnessing the magnificent demonstration of millions of people from all ages , genders , and national and religious minorities in Iran .
They request that their basic human rights -- particularly the right to freedom and to choose independently and without deception -- be recognised .
These rights are not only constitutional in most of the countries , but also have been protected against all odds .
Amid such turmoil , one witnesses threats , arrests , murders and brutal suppression that one fears only to escalate on all its aspects , resulting in more innocent bloodshed , more protests , and certainly no retreats .
Iranian society is facing a deep political - economical crisis .
Million - strong silent protests , ironically loud with unspoken words , have turned into iconic stature and are expanding from all sides .
These protests demand reaction from each and every responsible individual and institution .
As previously expressed in a statement published on - line in May of this year , since the Vahed Syndicate does not view any of the candidates support the activities of the workers ' organisations in Iran , it would not endorse any presidential candidate in the election .
Vahed members nevertheless have the right to participate or not to participate in the elections and vote for their individually selected candidate .
Moreover , the fact remains that demands of almost an absolute majority of the Iranians go far beyond the demands of a particular group .
In the past , we have emphasised that [ so long as ] the freedom of choice and right to organize are not recognised , talk of any social or particular right would be more of a mockery than a reality .
The Syndicate [ Union ] of Workers of Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company fully supports this movement of [ the ]
Iranian people to build a free and independent civil society and condemns any violence and oppression .
In line with the recognition of the labour rights , the Syndicate requests that June 26 , which has been called by the International Trade Unions Organisation " Day of Action " for justice for Iranian workers , include the human rights of all Iranians who have been deprived of their rights .
With hope for freedom and equality .
-- The Syndicate of Workers of Tehran and Suburbs Vahed Bus Company , June 18 , 2009
Workers at Iran Khodro organise 30 - minute protest strike ; `it is our duty to join this people 's movement '
[ Khodro , Iran 's leading car company and the largest producer of automobiles in the Middle East , has a strong recent history of labour militancy , strikes and protests against repression .
It employs more than 100,000 workers and produces more than half a million vehicles a year .
[ A few weeks before Iran 's June elections , a strike by the Khodro workers quickly won its two demands : for payment of unpaid wages and for Khodro itself to sign up employees previously supplied by third - party contractors .
[ In a recent letter to the International Labour Organization , Khodro workers have also made their long - term demands clear , asking that ILO work to help ensure that Iran :
Observes workers rights .
Does not prevent the formation of free workers ' organisations .
Does not arrest and jail workers for the offence of going on strikes and forming workers ' organisations .
Respects the conventions of the International Labour Organisation .
[ The following is the Khodro workers ' response to the crisis . ]
Autoworkers , fellow labourers :
What we witness today , is an insult to the intelligence of the people , and disregard for their votes , the trampling of the principles of the Constitution by the government .
It is our duty to join this people 's movement .
We the workers of Iran Khodro , Thursday 28/3/88 [ June 18 ] , in each working shift will stop working for half an hour to protest the suppression of students , workers , women , and the Constitution and declare our solidarity with the movement of the people of Iran .
The morning and afternoon shifts from 10 to 10:30 .
The night shift from 3 to 3:30 .
-- Labourers of Iran Khodro
Teachers ' Organization of Iran : ` Honour the will and the vote of the people '
[ We have been unable to find an English translation of the statement by the teachers ' union .
Below is a summary and partial translation of the statement as it appeared on the LaborNerd website June 19 . ]
Sazman-e Moalleman-e Iran ( Teachers ' Organization of Iran ) is writing a statement protesting the arrest three days ago of its leader , Ali-Reza Hashemi .
It expresses the view that the wave of arrests by the government will only serve to unite the people .
It says , " The only way out of this situation is to accept the request of the candidates and to honour the will and the vote of the people . "
It expresses extreme objection to the arrest of Hashemi and other activists and says that freeing those who have been arrested will serve to decrease the amount of conflict in the country .
It also says , " The Teachers ' Organization of Iran , further , supports the goals of Messrs .
Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi and calls on the election authorities to annul this election and undertake a free election . "
Stopwar Coalition ( Vancouver , Canada ) statement on the Iran crisis
[ The Vancouver antiwar coalition StopWar adopted the following statement at its June 24 monthly membership meeting . ]
StopWar , the broad - based anti-war coalition which has been active in the Vancouver area since 2002 , sends warm greetings and solidarity to all those who are rallying for democracy and justice in Iran and abroad this week .
We share your commitment to a peaceful and just resolution of the disputes brought to the surface by the recent presidential election in Iran , and your desire for Iranians themselves to determine the future of their country .
We condemn the regime 's killing of protesters and we join with others in demanding the right to organize , strike and protest , and to free speech and assembly for all Iranians .
We demand the release of all arrested workers , students , and political leaders .
We condemn any attempt by pro-war forces in the United States , Canada , and other countries to take advantage of this situation to push for ' regime change ' imposed by outside powers .
The drumbeat of threats against Iran should remind all peace - loving people of the build - up for war against Iraq seven years ago , which brought a terrible tragedy to that country without advancing the rights of the Iraqi people .
StopWar expresses our full confidence that the people of Iran will achieve their goals without the interference of governments such as that of Canada , which has only hindered genuine progress towards democracy , social justice and gender equality with the ongoing military mission in Afghanistan .
Sources
1. Tehran bus drivers ' union ( pre-election statement ) .
Translated by Iranian Workers ' Solidarity Network .
http://www.iwsn.org/labour/vahed-election2009.htm.
2. Tehran bus drivers ' union ( post- election statement ) .
http://www.justiceforiranianworkers.org/?p=594.
3. Iran Khodro autoworker .
Translated for The Field by Iraj Omidvar .
http://tinyurl.com/nt6hn8.
4. Teachers ' Organization of Iran .
Summary and partial translation posted on LaborNerd website .
http://tinyurl.com/mq5768.
5. Stopwar Coalition ( Vancouver , Canada ) .
http://www.stopwar.ca/.
An elderly woman has been questioned by police after allegedly keeping her mother 's body in a freezer for up to two decades , it emerged today .
Police found the body wrapped in a black bin liner in a chest freezer at a semi- detached house in Sidcup , south - east London .
Officers interviewed Daulat Irani , 83 , under caution after the body was discovered and identified as that of her mother Gulbai Freedoon Murzan , who was born in 1901 .
Police believe she may have been dead for up to 20 years .
Metropolitan police said the death was being treated as unexplained , rather than suspicious .
Postmortem results are expected later this week .
It is understood that officers were called to the property in Park Mead on 10 May after being alerted by a neighbour , and forensic officers removed the corpse .
It is unclear why the body was kept in the freezer , but neighbours of the elderly woman suggested she may have been worried that immigration authorities would discover her mother had been living illegally in the UK .
A neighbour , who did not wish to be named , said Irani was a " very private person " who kept her garden in pristine condition .
" Obviously it was shocking when the police came and told me what happened .
They said they believed she had been in the freezer for more than 20 years , " the neighbour told the Daily Mirror .
" I think it was an immigration thing because her mum was illegal and they did n't want anyone to know . "
Ray Dyson , 77 , who lives nearby , said Irani was a " nice old lady " who went quietly about her business .
" This has all come as a bit of a shock .
The first we knew was when two police cars and an officer in a full forensic bodysuit turned up .
They taped off the garage and have now put a padlock on it . "
Another neighbour believed Irani had confided in a friend , who had passed on the information to police .
" I saw her after the police visited and she told me they questioned her for hours .
I told her it was n't surprising considering what they had found .
She said the police were going to contact her again soon . "
A police spokesman said : " We can confirm that we went to a residential address in Sidcup .
Officers found the body of a woman .
We believe we know the identity but await formal identification .
The death is being treated as unexplained .
An 83 - year - old woman has been interviewed under caution but there have been no arrests . "
The Neocons as a Hostile Conservative (!)
Elite
January 24,2008
I have n't read Jacob Heilbrunn 's book on the neocons yet , but I 'm not sure I need to after seeing Philip Weiss 's review .
Weiss 's review makes it clear that Heilbrunn 's book corroborates several of the themes in my writing on the neocons and on Jewish intellectual and political movements generally .
First , neoconservatism is a Jewish movement .
That should have been clear to everyone by now , but references to the Jewish basis of the movement have been noticeably missing from much of the mainstream media , to the point that Bill Kristol was introduced as a columnist at the New York Times as simply a " conservative . "
This is critical because the neocons have now become the conservative establishment .
When Kristol ( or Bill O'Reilly or Sean Hannity ) hold forth at Fox News , most people have no idea that they are tuning into the public face of a fundamentally Jewish movement that elbowed out more traditional conservatives .
Secondly , Jewish neocons not only have a strong Jewish identity , they also have strong Jewish interests .
This is obvious from their involvement in pro-Israel activism , their personal relationships with Israeli leaders , and close ties with other Jews and with the wider Jewish community .
In fact , I have argued that the neocons are more strongly identified as Jews than the mainstream liberal / left Jews — that the neocons form the vanguard of the Jewish community .
After all , neocons were the first segment of the Jewish community to strongly condemn the USSR , both for its domestic anti-Semitism and for its alliances with Arab governments .
Prominent neocons like Richard Perle and Paul Wolfowitz began their political careers by making alliances with Cold War hawks like Henry Jackson
This was at a time when the Jewish left was prominently involved in defending the USSR , apparently blind to the fact that the status of Jews as an elite in the USSR had changed greatly following World War II .
And the neocons are notorious for their strong ties to the most extreme racialist and nationalist segments of Israeli society — elements that the mainstream liberal / left Jewish community probably wishes would disappear or at least be less visible .
( Hence the uproar over Christiane Amanpour 's God 's Jewish Warriors . )
Indeed , the Jewish liberal / left has a huge blind spot , continuing to pursue its leftist multicultural agenda in the U.S. while ignoring the fact that the organized Jewish community is deeply complicit in dispossessing the Palestinians and erecting a racialist , apartheid state in Israel .
As Weiss has noted elsewhere , " Steve Rabinowitz , Clinton friend , told me this year that if anyone did a study of how much [ Democrat ] money comes from Jews , it would fuel conspiracy theories . "
The Jewish liberal / left lavishly supports Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , but makes no attempt to wrest control of the pro-Israel lobby from the hands of what James Petras t erms the " reactionary minority of American Jews " who head the major American Jewish organizations .
But more interestingly , Heilbrunn points to the “ lifelong antipathy toward the patrician class among the neocons … [ that ] prompted them to create their own parallel establishment . ”
In this regard , the neocons are entirely within the American Jewish mainstream .
As I noted in a previous blog ( also commenting on Philip Weiss ) , " Jews have become an elite , but an elite that does not identify with its subjects — a hostile , estranged but very wealthy elite that still sees themselves as outsiders . "
And along with the American Jewish mainstream , the neocons have been vital players in the establishment of a variety of policies opposed to the interests and attitudes of the American majority , most egregiously unrestricted immigration which has successfully altered the ethnic composition of the country .
Indeed , neoconservative Ben Wattenberg famously wrote that " The non-Europeanization of America is heartening news of an almost transcendental quality . "
This hostility toward the traditional peoples and culture of America among people calling themselves conservatives is striking — the antithesis of normal and natural conservative tendencies .
As Sam Francis noted , what the neocons dislike about traditional conservatives is simply that they " are conservative at all " :
There are countless stories of how neoconservatives have succeeded in entering conservative institutions , forcing out or demoting traditional conservatives , and changing the positions and philosophy of such institutions in neoconservative directions ….
Writers like M. E. Bradford , Joseph Sobran , Pat Buchanan , and Russell Kirk , and institutions like Chronicles , the Rockford Institute , the Philadelphia Society , and the Intercollegiate Studies Institute have been among the most respected and distinguished names in American conservatism .
The dedication of their neoconservative enemies to driving them out of the movement they have taken over and demonizing them as marginal and dangerous figures has no legitimate basis in reality .
It is clear evidence of the ulterior aspirations of those behind neoconservatism to dominate and subvert American conservatism from its original purposes and agenda and turn it to other purposes … .
What neoconservatives really dislike about their “ allies ” among traditional conservatives is simply the fact that the conservatives are conservatives at all — that they support “ this notion of a Christian civilization , ” as Midge Decter put it , that they oppose mass immigration , ... that they entertain doubts or strong disagreement over American foreign policy in the Middle East , that they oppose reckless involvement in foreign wars and foreign entanglements , and that , in company with the Founding Fathers of the United States , they reject the concept of a pure democracy and the belief that the United States is or should evolve toward it .
Francis , S. ( 2004 ) .
The neoconservative subversion .
In B. Nelson ( ed. ) , “ Neoconservatism . ” Occasional Papers of the Conservative Citizens ’ Foundation , Issue Number Six , 6 – 12 .
St. Louis : Conservative Citizens ’ Foundation , p. 9 .
That the New York Times can call Kristol a conservative without shame or irony is a striking commentary on the death of American conservatism .
There are several other themes highlighted in Weiss 's review that are worth mentioning because they are typical of other Jewish intellectual and political movements .
Heilbrunn describes neocon " cabals " in the State Department and in academic departments at elite universities .
This is a reference to Jewish ethnic networking .
In general , all of the important Jewish intellectual and political movements — from psychoanalysis and Boasian anthropology to neoconservatism — have a mutually reinforcing core of Jews centered around charismatic leaders .
In the case of the neocons , individuals such as Leo Strauss , Richard Perle , and Norman Podhoretz have played this role .
Neoconservative cabals have been largely successful in controlling or at least heavily influencing elite institutions in academia , the government , think tanks , and the media .
And finally , the neocons are prime examples of another important theme of Jewish intellectual life — self - deception .
Weiss writes :
The reader is left with the shadowy sense that the neocons have a pro-Israel agenda that they are not upfront about .
But it is n’t a conspiracy , Heilbrunn warns .
The neocons have convinced themselves that the U.S. and Israel have congruent interests .
“ They just believe this stuff .
They ’re not agents , ” an anonymous source tells him , speaking of Cheney aide David Wurmser , who is married to an Israeli .
Married to an Israeli .
The neocons may believe it , but the rest of us need not be so foolish .
For example , Douglas Feith is depicted by Heilbrunn as having published a letter defending the capture of the West Bank while still a teenager .
Feith has also been credibly charged with spying for Israel , and was deeply involved in the disinformation used by the U.S. government to justify the invasion of Iraq .
He has close ties to the settler movement , and was a participant in the notorious " A Clean Break " paper that advised the Israeli government that removing Saddam Hussein should be an Israeli strategic goal .
The authors of this report speak as Jews and Israelis , not as U.S. citizens : “ Our claim to the land — to which we have clung for hope for 2000 years — is legitimate and noble . ”
European Americans may have a difficult time processing all of this .
Their individualism and their own fragile and beleaguered sense of ethnicity make them less likely to attribute ethnic motives to others .
And there is an imposing edifice of taboos surrounding even the mention of Jewish influence , much less anything that hints that Israel is the first loyalty of Jewish neocons — an edifice aggressively maintained by the organized Jewish community .
But the rather unpleasant facts are staring European Americans in the face , even if the New York Times insists on calling them conservatives .
Pakistani President Zardari held talks with Mr Sarkozy
France and Pakistan have agreed to co-operate on civilian nuclear power , officials said , with Islamabad calling the move a " significant development " .
But there is confusion over the deal reached by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his Pakistani counterpart .
Pakistani officials said Mr Sarkozy had undertaken to supply Pakistan with " civilian nuclear technology " .
But the Elysee Palace said France had agreed only to co-operate in the field of " nuclear safety " .
Mixed messages
Speaking to reporters after talks between Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and Mr Sarkozy , Pakistan 's foreign minister outlined what he called a " significant development . "
" France has agreed to transfer civilian nuclear technology to Pakistan , " Shah Mahmood Qureshi told reporters .
Mr Qureshi said the move was in recognition of the growing " energy crisis " in Pakistan , citing the need for nuclear power to guarantee the country 's electricity supply .
But later a spokesman for the French presidency was careful to rein in expectations , saying Mr Sarkozy had " confirmed France was ready , within the framework of its international agreements , to co-operate with Pakistan in the field of nuclear safety . "
" This is so the Pakistani programme can develop in the best conditions of safety and security , " the French spokesman added , according to AFP news agency .
As well as a nuclear power station , Pakistan has nuclear weapons , but increasing turmoil in the country has caused concern among Western powers about its safety .
Nuclear boycott
France is in fact not in a position to begin unilaterally transferring nuclear technology to Pakistan , says correspondent Hugh Schofield in Paris .
That is because Pakistan is not a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and is therefore the object of a boycott from other nuclear powers .
India was in a similar situation , but last year negotiated its way back into the nuclear fold .
Pakistan would like to follow suit , Hugh Schofield adds , but concerns over the stability of the government there means that any suggestion of countries like France transferring new nuclear technology are bound to be highly controversial .
The two leaders also discussed aid for civilians fleeing fighting in Pakistan 's north - west .
France pledged 12 m euros ( $ 16.3 m ; £ 10.7 m ) in humanitarian aid , a day after Britain promised £ 12 m .
France also reiterated its support for Pakistan 's fight against the Taleban and " terrorist groups " in the region .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Americans can buy virtually anything over the Internet these days — sex , booze , houses — everything , that is , but a new car .
If you want to buy a new Ford Fusion , you have to go down to your local dealership and haggle with the car salesmen , an unpleasant and daunting task .
The process usually subjects consumers to hours in the dealership hotbox and can add hundreds , if not thousands , of dollars to the price of the car .
Would n’t it be nice if you could cut out the middleman and just order your Prius straight from Toyota ?
But you can’t .
And there ’s one reason why : the car - dealer lobby , which has worked hard to ensure that this will never happen .
Since the late 1990s , car dealers have used their considerable political clout to pass or better enforce state franchise laws that in many cases make it a criminal offense for an auto manufacturer to sell a new car to anyone but a state - licensed car dealer .
The laws governing who can sell new cars are among the most anti-competitive of any domestic industry .
By creating local monopolies for dealerships and prohibiting online sales for new cars , they constitute a major restraint on interstate commerce ; in 2001 , the Consumer Federation of America estimated [ pdf ] that the laws added at least $ 1,500 to the price of every new car .
These parochial state laws also make the distribution system for new cars incredibly inefficient and expensive , one factor in the financial problems facing the Big Three in Detroit .
Online sales would help companies like GM and Chrysler align production to sales better by allowing more people to buy their cars built - to - order from the factory , rather than having Detroit send out truckloads of vehicles to sit around on dealer lots for months in the hopes that a rebate offer will finally entice someone to buy them .
Now that the federal government is bailing out GM and Chrysler to the tune of $ 13.4 billion , and Congress is demanding major changes in the way they ’re run , consumer advocates think the time is ripe for Congress to clear the way for online sales as part of its effort to move Detroit out of the Stone Age .
You ’d think they would find a sympathetic ear among deregulatory Republicans who take great umbrage over any state interference with the free market , but you ’d be wrong .
Most free - market Republicans have no interest in taking on the car dealers , who are among their strongest local supporters .
Since 1990 , American car dealers have given more than $ 66 million to federal candidates , with more than three - quarters going to Republicans .
For decades , Republican governors have been some of the dealers ’ biggest champions and have signed much of the legislation creating their bulwark against real competition .
California legislator Mark Leno discovered just how entrenched these roadblocks are in 2005 , when he introduced legislation to let consumers buy hybrid and other low - emission vehicles directly from manufacturers online .
The bill came in response to evidence that local dealerships were price - gouging consumers seeking hybrids , which were then in short supply .
Environmentalists believed the savings consumers were likely to get by purchasing online would spur more sales for the cleaner cars and encourage automakers to produce more of them .
The bill would have allowed people to order their Priuses online and have the manufacturer deliver them to their doors — or , alternately , they could pick them up at Costco or the local dealership .
The bill would have even allowed people to buy the cars on eBay or Amazon .
Leno ’s office estimated that the bill would have little impact on the dealerships , because hybrids accounted for less than 1 percent of all new car sales .
But he underestimated the power of the dealers , who were the reason legislation was needed in the first place .
Back in 1973 , then - California governor Ronald Reagan signed a law that effectively prohibited any new car dealerships from opening within a 10 - mile radius of another existing dealership selling the same make of car .
The law was a gift to one of Reagan ’s “ kitchen cabinet ” members , Holmes P. Tuttle , and decades later would have made it difficult for hybrid manufacturers to create pickup facilities ( which required dealer licenses ) for cars ordered online .
Tuttle had famously sold a car to Reagan when he was an out - of - work actor .
Tuttle went on to create one of the nation ’s largest car dealerships and helped fund Reagan ’s first run for governor .
Reagan repaid him by signing the dealer franchise law .
“ A statutorily created monopoly was signed into law by Reagan to help his friend Mr. Tuttle , ” says Leno .
He says Tuttle had been pushing for a law that prohibited the establishment of any new dealership without the majority support of the dealerships in that part of the state .
Instead , he got the 10 - mile exclusionary zone .
Leno notes that the law was vigorously opposed by California state senator George Moscone , who was later assassinated , along with Harvey Milk , when he was mayor of San Francisco .
Moscone labeled the bill “ the turkey of the year , ” and issued a prescient statement observing that the bill would “ freeze , for all time , the ability of new car dealers to make money without worrying about competition …
How in the name of free enterprise could the governor even consider signing a bill that shuts off any future competition ? ”
Moscone ’s objections fell on deaf ears .
Today , Tuttle ’s son Robert , who still owns the family auto chain , is the outgoiong US ambassador to the UK , an indication of just how strong the political clout of the car dealers — and the Tuttle clan — remains .
Needless to say , Leno ’s bill to amend the franchise law never even made it out of a Democrat - controlled policy committee .
His experience is n’t unusual .
In the late 1990s and early 2000 , the auto manufacturers themselves , sensing the potential of the Internet , attempted to challenge state franchise laws that restricted their ability to sell over the Internet .
They got clobbered , and in no small part because of Republican governors , who , like Reagan , counted local car dealers as political supporters .
In 1999 , as governor of Texas , George W. Bush signed what was then the nation ’s toughest law in the country banning new car sales online .
Egged on by local car dealerships , state regulators invoked the law to help shut down Ford ’s fledgling attempt to sell used cars online .
Ford had started letting people buy used cars on its website ; local dealerships delivered them .
But Texas regulators cracked down , threatening Ford with $ 10,000 daily fines for allegedly violating a state law banning manufacturers from selling their products directly to the public .
Ford tried to fight back in court , arguing that the state franchise law was a restraint on interstate commerce , but the court was no more sympathetic than the governor .
The federal judge hearing the case wrote that if Ford were allowed to sell cars online , “ all state regulatory schemes would be nullified ” as they “ fall before the mighty altar of the Internet . ”
Texas regulators , never known for regulating much of anything , also forced GM to abandon its foray into e-commerce .
The automaker had bought a handful of dealerships in the state to use as distributors for cars bought online , but regulators refused to give GM a dealer license .
GM gave up and sold off the dealerships .
Texas inspired car dealers in other states to seek similar protections from competition .
Arizona , for instance , passed a law that not only blocked manufacturers from selling cars online but also restricted manufacturers from offering other services online , such as financing .
Other states followed suit , as car dealers feared predictions that only half of them would survive the next seven years thanks to competition from the Internet .
Since then , the manufacturers have largely given up the fight .
“ We have a very good relationship with our dealerships , ” says Charles Territo , a spokesman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , which represents 11 manufacturers , including the Big Three .
“ The dealers are the faces of the manufacturer . ”
Territo says that after their experience trying to change state laws in the 1990s , the manufacturers have no interest in picking a battle with the dealerships over online sales , which he considers unworkable anyway .
“ What about sales tax ? ” he demands , suggesting that if people start buying cars over the Web , local governments would be deprived of revenue that supports their communities .
He says that in California , fully 25 percent of state tax revenue comes from vehicle sales .
Even if people could buy new cars online , he says , the nature of the sales means that the “ dealer would still need to be part of the equation , ” either because they would need to service the cars or arrange delivery of them .
Territo says that the lack of Internet sales is the least of the problems for the automakers right now , when the credit markets have made it virtually impossible for many consumers to buy new cars .
“ It does n’t matter whether you buy it on the Internet or on a street corner — if you ca n’t get credit , you ’re not going to be able to buy that car , ” he says .
Territo ’s argument mirrors that of the car dealers .
Jack Fitzgerald , the owner of a chain of dealerships in Maryland who ’s known as an honest broker among consumer advocates , calls online new car sales “ a pipe dream . ”
From his perspective , the state franchise laws that prevent manufacturers from selling their own products “ are what little protection dealers have against the abuses of the manufacturers , ” which have a long history of beating up on both their own employees and their dealerships , which the companies force to assume much of the risk of the sales business , he says .
Fitzgerald suspects that if the manufacturers could sell new cars directly over the Internet , consumers would actually pay more for them than they do now .
Right now , he says , dealerships actually pay about $ 2,500 more for a car from the manufacturer than they sell it for .
Dealerships make their money elsewhere — on repairs and servicing , financing , and other products .
Fitzgerald says that the manufacturers have n’t sold cars directly to the public in 75 years , since the days when you could buy a car at Sears .
Those sales did n’t work out , he insists , because someone still has to service the car , and that ’s usually the dealership .
Jack Gillis , the Consumer Federation ’s executive director , says allowing online new car sales would n’t necessarily remove dealerships from the equation .
It would just introduce more competition into the marketplace and reduce some of the inefficiencies in the distribution system .
If Ford or GM could sell cars through Amazon or eBay , for instance , the dealerships could still handle the deliveries and warranty work .
Indeed , Fitzgerald concedes that under such an arrangement , he might actually make more money than he does now .
“ It ’s unfortunate that the car companies have capitulated to the desires of the dealers , ” says Gillis , noting that allowing online buying might actually stimulate sales .
“ The loser there , first and foremost , is the consumer , but ironically , so is the industry , ” he says .
“ People would flock to the Internet . ”
“ This whole crisis was triggered by the lending crisis .
The stimulus was supposedly to stop the housing hemorrhaging .
Somehow the stimulus shifted from housing to banks .
But there are at least four gushers of blood :
There ’s jobs , there ’s housing , health care and student loans .
And right now there is no relationship between the stimulus coming in and the numbers going out .
But stimulating banks and closing plants .
those workers will then compound the housing crisis and the health crisis .
They ’ll be going from working to unemployment compensation . ”
State Sen. Hansen Clarke , a Detroit Democrat , introduced legislation earlier this year which would create an optional two - year , judicially reviewed moratorium on foreclosures .
And while some local politicians , including Lansing Mayor Virgil Bernero have called for the bill to be passed , such a legislative timeout on foreclosure is frozen in the Senate Banking Committee .
One of the biggest problems is that the plan focuses almost entirely on lowering monthly payments .
But overly onerous payments are only part of the problem .
For 15.4 million “ underwater ” borrowers -- those who owe more on their mortgages than their homes are worth -- a lack of home equity puts them at risk of default , even if their monthly payments have been reduced .
They have no cushion to fall back on in the event of a setback , like job loss or illness .
With joblessness rising , lower monthly payments could quickly become unaffordable for many Americans .
In a recent report , researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston argued that unemployment is driving foreclosures and to make a difference , anti-foreclosure policy should focus on helping unemployed homeowners .
The report suggests a temporary program of loans or grants to help them pay their mortgages while they look for another job .
The government will also have to make far more aggressive efforts to create jobs .
The federal stimulus plan will preserve and generate a few million jobs , but that will barely make a dent -- in the overall economic crisis or the foreclosure disaster .
Since the recession began in December 2007 , nearly six million jobs have been lost , and millions more are bound to go missing before this downturn is over .
President Obama needs to put more effort and political capital into promoting the middle - class agenda that he outlined during the campaign , including a push for new jobs in new industries , expanded union membership and a fairer distribution of profits among shareholders , executives and employees .
There will be no recovery until there is a halt in the relentless rise in foreclosures .
Foreclosures threaten millions of families with financial ruin .
By driving prices down , they sap the wealth of all homeowners .
They exacerbate bank losses , putting pressure on the still fragile financial system .
Lower monthly payments are a balm , but they are no substitute for home equity .
And until more Americans can find a good job and a steady paycheck , the number of foreclosures will continue to rise .
I wake up every morning before sunrise .
I have a routine and part of it is an early morning hike in the hills above my house .
If you 've read Eric Boehlert 's new book , you 've already experienced a beginners version of the hike and met a couple of my canine pals , Sergeant and Murphy ( who I feed dried duck breast everyday ) .
I 've lived in this neighborhood ever since I moved to L.A. a couple decades ago .
Madonna moved into the neighborhood at one point but her place was n't near my route and I 'm sure there were big walls around it anyway .
I was more excited when one of the artists from my label who I actually worked with moved down the street .
And his house got into !
And then , right next door to my house , a woman from the Ethiopian royal family moved in .
( Once she asked if she could buy my house to use as a guest house . )
Anyway , Madonna moved away and the artist with theshowplace and the Ethiopians have been foreclosed on .
I 've passed the architectural showplace every day for two years .
It 's awesome , but too ... unique , for a market like this .
It 's been empty for all that time .
Well , not exactly empty .
It looks like some squatters have broken in the back door and moved in .
I called the real estate agent listed on the sign in the front but he 's too busy -- maybe with a second job ?-- to pay any attention .
I 'm starting to worry about neighborhood blight .
Yesterday Jesse Jackson , in Lansing , called for a nationwide moratorium on foreclosures .
It ; 's certainly something Congress hsould have done in January .
The Party of No , of course , opposes it and will block it from being considered in the state Senate .
This morning ' spublished an editorial that points up how drastically the foreclosure problem is accelerating .
Obama , under pressure from Republicans and conservative Democrats who are just as bad , has n't gone nearly far enough to make much of a dent -- or even slow the process .
His plan offers subsidies to banksters for offering mortgage modifications -- too little too late and , regarding the banksters , too short - sighted , greedy and disinterested in the preservation of neighborhoods ( or society in general ) .
When Congress tried addressing the problem in a serious fashion the banksters move dinto action and managed to kill the legislation on the chmber they own ( the Senate ) .
In early March the House passed The Helping Families Save Their Homes Act 234-191 , only 7 Republicans joining all but 24 mostly conservative Democrats to get tough with the banks .
And then the Senate watered it down into a nearly meaningless and useless piece of crap .
It was sabotaged by a coalition of anti-family Republicans and the usual corrupt Democrats who vote with them .
As thepointed out today , the problem is n't going away by itself or through pathetic half measures .
It 's getting worse .
This is the kind of thinking -- the 24/7 bullshit Fox spews out -- that will continue to sink America :
Labels : banksters , foreclosures , Jesse Jackson , mortgage crisis
( CNN ) --
Expecting moms can determine whether they 're carrying a boy or a girl as early as 10 weeks after conception , according to makers of an over - the - counter gender prediction test .
With IntelliGender 's home gender prediction test , a urine specimen turns orange if it's a girl .
Green is for boys .
IntelliGender , the Plano , Texas , creator of the " Boy or Girl Gender Prediction Test , " says scientists isolated certain hormones that when combined with a " proprietary mix of chemicals " react differently if a woman is carrying a boy or a girl .
It claims that within 10 minutes of taking the urine test , a woman will be able to tell her baby 's gender .
The specimen will turn green if it's a boy , and orange if it 's a girl .
IntelliGender would not say what hormones or chemicals it uses it in its test because of a pending patent .
" Most parents have a great degree of curiosity to find out if they 're having a boy or a girl , and it can be so excruciating to wait until the 20 - week sonogram to find out , " IntelliGender co-founder Rebecca Griffin said .
" But the test was never meant to be a diagnostic tool .
We do n't claim 100 percent accuracy . "
Watch more on the at - home test »
In fact , the company 's Web site specifically says to not " paint the room pink or blue " until an expectant mom confirms results with her doctor .
" We specifically state to all our consumers that they should n't make any emotional or financial steps until the results are confirmed via sonogram , " the company says .
The gender predictor test boasts a 78 to 80 percent accuracy rate , according to the latest IntelliGender report .
Do n't Miss Pregnancy plans put on hold in shaky economy
So why are soon - to - be parent be so eager to find out whether their " Sammy " is really a " Suzy " a few months early ?
" When a parent can visualize the sex of their baby and confirm they have that little person inside of them , it suddenly becomes real to them , " said Jennifer Parks , co-director of Loyola University Chicago 's Programs in Health Care Ethics .
" They often feel a stronger connection .
So , it 's not surprising parents would want this test . "
But some say the issue could get dicey if the test findings led to a decision about whether to carry on with the pregnancy .
" Say a woman has three daughters and wants to get pregnant one last time to have a baby boy .
If she takes the test at 10 weeks , and it's not the sex she wants , she may want to terminate and try again , " Parks said .
" Not everyone in America is rabidly pro-choice , or rapidly pro-life ; a lot of Americans kind of hang out right in the middle , " she added .
" At 10 weeks , most Americans see it as the earliest embryo , very different than a more developed fetus . "
The makers of the gender prediction test say they " categorically disagree " with the idea their test may prompt an increase in sex-selection abortions .
" I can't even fathom someone making a decision about whether to terminate a pregnancy based on a test informing them they may have a boy or a girl , " Griffin said .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Pregnancy and fertility
IntelliGender says out of " hundreds of thousands " of e-mail inquiries , only two have inquired about using the test as a vehicle for sex-selection .
Anti-abortion groups , already concerned about women opting to keep babies based on hair and eye color , are now worried about gender - selection , too .
" There 's a problem that 's very prevalent in some countries where boy babies are greatly preferred for cultural reasons and aborting girl babies is very common , " said Anthony Lauinger , vice president of National Right to Life .
While the test is available for sale in 11 countries , IntelliGender does not sell the test to India or China .
" All of our retailers have to strictly adhere to that policy .
If they do n't , we would pull our product immediately from their shelves , " Griffin said .
Since 2006 , more than 50,000 tests have sold online in the United States .
Last month , U.S. drugstore chains CVS and Walgreens , began selling the gender predictor test for $ 34.95 .
All About Pregnancy and Childbirth
New GM CEO : Bankruptcy not ' off the table ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Sunday April 5 , 2009
Print This Email This Frederick " Fritz " Henderson , the new CEO of General Motors , believes that bankruptcy for the automaker can't be ruled " off the table . "
Henderson , who was named to his position last week on an interim basis after Rick Wagoner stepped down at the request of the Obama administration , told CNN's John King on Sunday that so far he has been making decisions about plant closings and retoolings , aiming to make the company more efficient .
" You sound so much more open to bankruptcy than your predecessor , " King remarked , noting that Wagoner had feared that bankruptcy " would result in liquidation of the company . "
" You ca n't rule options off the table , " Henderson replied .
" So you basically say , ' We 'll spend time to try to get it done outside of bankruptcy , but if we can't , we 're not going to compromise our goals .
We 'll get it done inside of a bankruptcy . ' "
GM has been given 60 days by the Obama administration to rewrite its viability plan before having to decide on bankruptcy .
The Wall Street Journal expressed skepticism last week that Henderson would prove capable of departing from the automaker 's past policies , writing , " If the Obama administration was looking for radical change at the top of General Motors , it probably wont get it with Fritz Henderson , the companys chief operating officer who is succeeding Rick Wagoner .
Henderson , after all , is a GM company man who has never worked anywhere else .
And , for much of his career , he has been one of Wagoners golden boys . "
In his appearance on CNN , however , Henderson appeared anxious to signal a break from his predecessor .
When King pointed out that the Obama administration appears to feel strongly that bankruptcy would be " a cleaner solution , " Henderson responded , " If it 's required , that 's what we 'll do . "
Henderson concluded by vowing that with or without bankruptcy , " We will change , we will be fundamentally different going forward , and the company 's going to be reinvented . "
This video is from CNN's State of the Union , broadcast Apr. 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
People with parents who were violent to each other are more likely to have mental health problems when they grow up , reveals research published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health .
Researchers looked at what impact interparental violence had on people as children by observing their mental health outcomes in adulthood .
A child being exposed to interparental violence is a form of maltreatment with consequences for a child 's development , but in some countries it is only seen as a risk factor for later problems with no specific outcomes .
The authors studied 3,023 adults in the Paris metropolitan area in 2005 by carrying out at - home face to face interviews .
People who agreed to take part were found from a population based cohort study in Paris held by the National Institute of Health and Medical Research .
The researchers measured current depression and lifetime suicide attempts , intimate partner violence , violence against children and alcohol dependence .
They also asked people about childhood adversities such as parental separation , divorce , parental death or imprisonment , alcoholism and physical and / or sexual abuse , as well as asking about social level stressors including poor parental health , housing problems , prolonged parental unemployment , and financial troubles .
Among the group of people interviewed , 16 % said they had witnessed interparental violence before the age of 18 and this was far more common in certain situations .
For example , it was up to eight times more likely in cases where parents had been alcoholics .
Other factors were also relevant and witnessing violence was more common in families with financial problems , serious parental diseases , housing problems or unemployment .
After adjusting for family and social level stressors , the researchers found that people who were exposed to interparental violence had a 1.4 times higher risk of having depression , were more than three times more likely to be involved in conjugal violence , were almost five times more likely to mistreat their own child and 1.75 times more likely to have a dependence on alcohol .
The authors concluded : " Intensification of prevention of and screening for domestic violence including interparental violence is a public health issue for the well - being of future generations . "
You can watch all sort of funny activities conducted by kids , pets , football match , animals and above all daily funny deeds .
I need not fear my enemies because the most they can do is attack me .
I need not fear my friends because the most they can do is betray me .
But I have much to fear from people who are indifferent .
– Russian Proverb
Now I know that most people do n’t really care about the mechanics behind playing video files and I can’t say that I blame you for caring more about your content than the technology behind it .
So while this post will get into some of the more mundane mechanics of the codec industry , I ask that you stick with me because behind the scenes a war is being fought for control of your very television .
This particular codec battle has been going on for over 10 years now .
When J.D. Rockefeller set out to monopolize the oil industry , there were several crucial areas where he attacked .
He knew that he could n’t control all of the oil fields because it was literally bubbling out of the ground , but what he could control was the distribution method for getting oil to the end customer .
In building his monopoly he seized assets used to transport oil from raw material to the end consumer .
Whether it was owning all of the oil pipelines , so that he could control what oil cost him , owning the railroads so he could dictate how far his competitors could reach or owning the distribution points where consumers bought kerosene to light their homes , he made sure that he had control over every aspect of it .
This was good for Standard Oil investors , but was n’t very good for competitors or consumers .
Online video may not seem like it has a lot to do with the oil industry , but if you look at it ’s early development , there are many similarities .
So much content is bubbling up that the real challenge is n’t finding video oil , it ’s getting it to consumers .
Instead of pipes , now we have internet access , instead of railroads there are CDN networks , instead of gas stations , there are operating systems ready to serve us 24 hours a day .
In all of these industries , competition has been limited to a handful of big companies , but the industry that I ’m most interested is much smaller than any of these .
In the grand scheme of things , codecs ( and the filters that go along with them ) are the refineries of the video world .
They take digital signals and convert them into the flickering magic that appears on our screens .
Consumers may not understand the technical details behind it , but they are a crucial chokepoint in your digital video experience .
This battle has been fought on many fronts , but in the end it always comes down to one issue .
Those who think consumers should have a choice and those who think they know better .
It ’s about control over your entertainment experience .
Who , What , Where , When , and How you are allowed to consume YOUR media .
On one side , well funded corporations with huge financial stakes , on the other , an unorganized patchwork of misfit companies and an army of guerrilla volunteers desperately fighting for a better entertainment experience for all of us .
The war over how video is transmitted may not make it to the front pages , but how it turns out will be important for the success of digital video .
In order to better understand how this battle is going , I reached out to interview one of the Colonels in this digital revolution .
Dan Marlin is the CEO and Co-Founder of CoreCodec .
His company has built many of the tools necessary to play video files .
Before starting his company , he worked for DivX and over the years has contributed extensively to the open source codec movement .
He also sits on the board of the Matroska Foundation , an organization dedicated to enabling high definition digital video support for as many consumers as they can .
In our interview , we discussed the growing momentum behind the MKV format , his thoughts on DivX and the competitive landscape of the codec industry and had a passionate discussion around a controversial decision by Microsoft to prevent outside developers from using alternative filters in Window ’s Media Player .
In regards to MKV , Marlin had many positives things to say about the momentum that they are seeing .
When I asked him about interest in the format , he said that over the last 8 months , they ’ve seen a “ 20 fold increase in the inquiries in regards to more details , about usage about enhancing the current feature set . ”
This interest should mean good news for consumers .
As more and more customers ask “ where ’s the MKV ? “ , hardware companies are starting to respond .
When I asked Marlin about how long it would take before we see MKV reach critical mass he said ,
If you look at the adoption scale , you ’d probably have to say that we ’re at the Ubber Geek stage right now .
It will probably take 2 – 3 years .
We ’re just starting to see the penetration now and it ’s been three years since our last release .
I would probably have to say two years .
Not this Christmas , but the following Christmas you ’ll probably start to see more devices .
One of the more interesting things that came up during our conversations was some of the trends that Marlin is seeing in the MKV adoption curve .
It ’s no surprise that the anime community was one of the first ones to start using the technology , but I was surprised to learn that countries in Asia and Europe have been more enthusiastic in adopting MKV then in North America .
In fact , the trends for MKV adoption mirror the original DivX adoption curve exactly .
It ’s almost as if the people who ’ve been long time DivX users are the first ones to upgrade to an HD experience .
Absolutely , as a matter of fact it ’s mirrored exactly .
You could look at DivX in the early days when I was there going back to 2001 and you can actually see the same adoption happening , the anime , the ripped releases from the AV heads , it ’s mirroring it , but you have to ask why they are doing it ?
They are doing it because of the flexibility that it brings to what they ’re doing .
They can add , especially when it comes to some of the guys that rip DVD and the like and Blu - Ray , they kind of make it their own .
They can add menus , there are menus out there that even though they are text , they do very basic things , but there can also be a ton of files inside the container itself , there are info files and pictures you can group .
While Matroska was technically created by CoreCodec , Marlin told me that he has plans to spin it off into a foundation similar to Mozilla .
They plan to offer sponsorships to companies that want to tap into their early adopter customer base .
One of the things that I found fascinating throughout the interview was the openness behind such a transformative piece of technology .
Instead of monetizing their creation , CoreCodec is building a business around the open source eco-system .
Big media companies that believe you ca n’t build a business around “ free ” , would be well served in looking at how Core Codec has been able to position themselves by giving a good portion of their technology away .
we looked at it not looking to make money and that was n’t really the intention , but even what has been proven now and maybe not so much back then , open source and the ecosystem around open source , there can be profit .
Even in a non-profit foundation or a not for profit foundation I should say , which the Matroska Foundation will eventually become , you know is pretty much the same thing .
You still can be profitable and make money to support what you developed .
When I ask Marlin about his thoughts on DivX and how they are positioned in the codec industry , his thoughts were bittersweet , “ it ’s a love - hate thing . ”
On one hand , having DivX adopt the MKV container does a lot towards making it a standard .
It also helps to speed up the amount of time it will take to get into hardware devices .
On the other hand , not a lot has changed since DivX and XviD split paths and now that the open source movement has taken the upper hand , he does n’t like to see confusion between X.264/MKV and DivXHD .
Obviously they ’ve rethought what they had to do with H.264 which is a migration , but they ’re not providing anything of value to what ’s already out there .
As a matter of fact , it brings more confusion than anything else and that ’s the frustrating part because they have their own eco-system with certification and us as a solution provider like with CorePlayer or the CorePlayer platform itself is working with third party OEMs and they are asking questions in regards to DivX and DivXHD and we say the same thing we ’ve been saying all along .
DivX is Mpeg video and DivXHD is AVC video .
Of all the topics that we discussed though , the most controversial was the decision by Microsoft to restrict how third party filters work within Windows media player .
To fully understand the issue , you need to know how your computer reads media files .
When you click on your file , filters take a look at that data and tries to figure out what to do with it .
If it ’s audio , they ’ll send the data to an audio decoder so your soundboard can play it .
If it ’s video , then it gets sent to a splitter where the audio stream and video stream are separated .
From there a decoder looks at the video data , decodes it and sends it to a renderer for display on your screen .
The controversy revolves around how Microsoft prioritizes filters when you play back content .
Currently , if you have several filters installed that can all handle the same job , WMP will look at the merit value of each filter and give preference to the highest one .
Since you have the ability to prioritize which filters you want your computer to use , it allows you to create the ideal settings based on your hardware .
This comes in handy if you ’re trying to play H.264 video in WMP and it happens to conflict with your video card .
Since the user has control over the priorities , you ’re able to create a better ( more credible ) configuration .
With the Windows 7 RC , Microsoft has taken away your ability to prioritize which filter you can use .
From their perspective , they get a ton of complaints about filter problems and by making it a closed system it improves the experience for their customers .
For the codec industry though , it will reduce the incentive for engineers to continue to work on filters because Microsoft has just essentially seized the entire filter market .
Microsoft will argue that because they allow people to install whatever filters they want on their own media players , that this restriction is somehow reasonable .
After all , they ’re not preventing customers from downloading another media player and configuring the settings anyway you like , they ’re controlling their own product .
The problem with this argument though , is that while consumers have shown that they ’re willing to download a codec , by and large , they ’ve been very reluctant to download an entire media player .
It ’s a big commitment to mess with the default settings on Windows and because Microsoft bundles a copy of Window ’s media player into every operating system they sell , it drastically minimizes the potential market that companies like CoreCodec , DivX and Nero can serve .
This ultimately leads to less investment in codec technology and lower quality video for consumers in the long run .
Take a look for yourself at a real life comparison between video played using Media Foundation ’s preferred filters and an open source combination .
While the differences may be subtle , there is clearly better focus and definition in the open source solution .
It might not be much , but it makes a huge difference when you put it on a 60 ″ screen .
Today , you ’d have the option of recreating the ideal settings in WMP , but with Windows 7 Microsoft is now in control .
While Marlin would n’t go as far as to accuse Microsoft of using their dominance over the operating system as a way of stifle third party codec competition , he did agree with me when I suggested that this may have more to do with preventing competition then securing their media player for consumers .
You said it I did n’t , but essentially when it comes down to it , that ’s what it is .
It ’s just frustrating that we all have to go through what we have to do and they could have provided an integrated solution without having to lock out third parties .
Period .
Now we can argue over whether or not Microsoft had an evil intent when they choose to shut down part of the codec industry , but regardless of the motives , competition is hurt by their decision to close media player to third party vendors .
When I asked Marlin whether this would hurt his company or whether it was a dam in the river that would fork around the issue , he had conflicting thoughts .
I think it ’s going to be both .
Microsoft will probably tell you that there is no problem and then the Core people will fork around it , but you ’ve got to question the value of it though .
You could still have embedded DirectShow filters , why have them under media foundation ?
Later on in the interview he extrapolates ,
I would say that as long as the default decoders are not set as the default and can be overwritten , I think we ’re OK .
The question is what steps will you have to go through and will Microsoft allow those steps .
Right now you can edit it , they posted the solution online , but Microsoft could bypass that solution with the next RC .
So that ’s kind of like a wait and see thing .
It does affect our business though , it does affect DivX ’s business , it affects everyone ’s business .
Now Microsoft is free to run their business in anyway that they see fit and while the issue over filter compatibility within WMP may be an inch in the grand scheme of things , with each inch consumers lose a little bit more control .
What ’s so surprising to me about Microsoft ’s behavior though , is how bold their actions are given the current regulatory climate .
Someone should nominate them for Alpha Dog of the Week because it takes giant brass balls to use your ability to bundle software , in order to shut down an entire industry , while you ’re being accused of abusing your monopoly by bundling software within the operating system .
If the EU understands even a little bit about codecs , I would expect them to be up in arms over this issue because it essentially proves the argument that they ’ve been trying to make .
Microsoft ’s dominance in the operating system is having a detrimental effect on competition in other areas of the software industry .
It could very well be that Microsoft has good intentions here , but given their long history of doing whatever it takes to gain control of the codec industry , I ca n’t believe that this is by happy accident .
This is a company that just spent a ton of money to exclusively webcast the Olympics in their Silverlight codec .
The lack of MKV support in Windows 7 prompted the Hack 7 MC blog to write that “ Microsoft ’s support of the format is borderline neglectful . ”
The decision to interfere with the priority filter settings is so Machiavellian I still do n’t know what to make of it .
My cold banker heart says yes !
yes ! yes ! , but the consumer in me says dear God no .
While I understand that these issues are hard to figure out and that there are many ways to look at them , I hope , for the sake of the entire codec community , that Microsoft will rethink their decision to exclude third parties from Windows media player .
For a complete transcript of my interview with Dan Marlin , please click here .
Davis Freeberg is a technology enthusiast living in the Bay Area .
He enjoys writing about movies , music , and the impact that digital technology is having on traditional media .
Read more at Davis Freeberg ’s Digital Connection .
An original Hawaiian family favorite recipe passed down for over 100 years and counting !
Our family has been sharing our native Polynesian teriyaki sauce with family and friends to mark special occasions for many , many years .
Our Truly Hawaiian Teriyaki
Sauce offers a delicious sweet and smoky flavor combination .
Countless guests have asked for the recipe ... or simply just more .
We are delighted to now offer Truly Hawaiian Teriyaki Sauce to you !
We recommend using it as a fabulous marinade for steak , chicken , fish , pork , ribs .
Try it on stir - fry vegetables , grilled fruits , tofu , or simply over rice .
Pour it directly on your entree to ehance your meal with a sensational sauce .
Ono !
Ono !
As seen on WFMY News 2 As seen on WFMY News 2
Truly Hawaiian can currently be found in your local The Fresh Market store !
Please use
The Fresh Market link on this page or the Retail link for more information on the locations where you may purchase Truly Hawaiian Teriyaki Sauce .
Enjoy and Mahalo !
We hear about millionaires — and billionaires — quite frequently .
But less often do we hear about pet millionaires .
They do , however , exist .
Since 1923 , when the first reported case of a pet inheritance was affirmed in Willett vs. Willett , pets have been receiving money .
Sometimes quite a lot of money .
Here are seven dogs and seven cats ( in particular order ) that are probably richer than you :
Some of the World ’s Richest Dogs
These dogs know how to live the high life .
Seriously .
They give a whole new meaning to the phrase “ being treated like a dog . ”
1.Gunther IV , the German Shepherd :
This dog actually received his inheritance from his father , Gunther III , a German Shepherd who received an inheritance from Karlotta Liebenstein , a German countess .
Gunther IV has bought a Miami villa from Madonna and won a rare white truffle in an auction .
Learn more about Gunther IV on a Web site devoted to him and those he hangs out with .
He ’s worth about $ 372 million right now , thanks to his growing trust fund .
2. Oprah ’s dogs : Oprah Winfrey has several animals , including some dogs .
She wants to make sure that her dogs are cared for when she is gone .
Her will specifies that that her dogs receive $ 30 million for their care .
( Just a drop in the bucket when you look at the billions Oprah is worth . )
True , that money will be split amongst all dogs that she has , but even so , each and every one is probably richer than you are .
They ’re definitely richer than I am .
3. news023 Trouble Helmsley : New York ’s “ Queen of Mean ” , Leona Helmsley , famously cut her grandchildren out of her will , but left her Maltese terrier $ 12 million .
However , a judge knocked $ 10 million off that amount , so that brings the amount to $ 2 million .
Additionally , Trouble will be not be so well taken care of after death , as the dog ca n’t be buried in the Helmsley mausoleum , due to cemetary requirements and state law .
4. Drew Barrymore ’s yellow Labrador retriever and chow mix , Flossie , has been left a home .
Flossie awakened Barrymore and then - boyfriend Tom Green when a fire raged through the home .
Barrymore amended her will to leave the home , valued at $ 3 million , to Flossie in return for this possibly life - saving deed .
Read
5. Tina and Kate :
These two collie crosses received $ 1 million for their care upon the death of their owner Nora Hardwell .
In addition to the provision for their care , Tina and Kate also enjoy unlimited use of the lovely home Hardwell occupied near Bath , England , in a town called Peasedown St. John .
The home comes with five acres , so these millionaire dogs have plenty of room to run .
6. Jasper and Jason :
These dogs live in luxury , since the death of their owner .
Jasper is a Labrador and Doberman mix .
He was destined for euthanization after being abandoned .
However , Diana Myburgh , a brewery heiress , rescued him .
Jason is a Whippet .
They were both given trust funds of $ 50,000 .
As you might imagine , now their funds have more than tripled .
It may not be $ 1 million , but it ’s still a hefty fund .
Besides , they own a 1,236 acre estate that is worth waaaaaay more than $ 1 million , and enjoy the finest steaks prepared by a personal chef and ride around in a stretch limo .
7 . A reclusive poodle who is worth $ 92 million .
Tobey descends from a poodle who inherited $ 30 million from his New York owner , Ella Wendel , who died in 1931 .
Now Tobey is the poster dog for the benefits of trust funds and compounding interest .
He makes # 3 the list of richest pets ever , behind Gunther IV and a chimp named Kalu .
Some of the World ’s Richest Cats
Cats already think that they are royalty .
This list of cats rich enough to live like royalty is likely only to increase this feeling of pet entitlement .
1. Tinker :
This is the classic rags - to - riches story .
Tinker was a stray , regularly visiting Margaret Layne , an old widow .
In return for Tinker ’s loyalty , he was awarded a fortune .
There is a $ 226,000 trust fund for Tinker , as well as a new home — worth about $ 800,000 .
Tinker has been joined by two lovely female cats , Lucky and Stardust .
Of course , if Tinker returns to his wandering ways , the will strips him of his money .
2. Beryl Reid ’s Cats : Beryl Reid was an actress .
She had a lovely $ 1.8 million cottage .
She was also famous for her love of cats .
So , when she died , her cats Hamish , Boon , Eileen , Coco and Tuffnel inherited .
A friend was commissioned to look after them as they lived in their house .
3. Lola The Millionaire Cat :
This cat is n’t a millionaire — yet .
While the other cats on this list inherited their wealth , The Millionaire cat is trying to earn money through blogging .
The Millionaire Cat has a blog that shows videos of this entrepreneur doing every day cat things .
The Millionaire Cat is taking donations via PayPal , and hoping for enough money to become a millionaire .
It ’s an interesting concept , but , unfortunately , this cat has n’t got a cent yet .
4. Red : A tabby cat who kept bachelor David Harper company .
When Harper died , he left is $ 1.1 million estate to Red .
The cat is cared for the United Church of Canada , and will enjoy the benefits of the best food , bedding and medical care for the rest of his life .
5. Blackie : When British recluse Ben Rea died , he left $ 15 million to various cat charities — and to his cat Blackie .
Rea left nothing to his relatives , however .
Everything went to Blackie and to help cat charities .
We do n’t have a picture of Blackie , who seems to be as reclusive as his owner , but here is a picture of a black cat enjoying life .
6. Fluffy : Mary Burton was a church organist in Great Paxton , Cambridgeshire , Enlgand .
She left her entire estate to the Wood Green Animal Shelter , provided her cat — a ginger tom — was well cared for .
Fluffy , the ginger tom , received $ 60,000 , plus the ability to live in the house and be well cared for .
His diet was even specified : steamed cod , lean roast beef , milk , frexh pilchards and vegetables .
Fluffy also requires plenty of sun and relaxation .
He ’s probably not worth quite $ 1 million , but Fluffy lies better than a lot of humans .
This is what Fluffy likely looks like ( we could n’t find a picture ) — a regular ginger tom .
7. Brownie and Hellcat :
These felines each received $ 415,000 in the 1960s when their owner , Dr. William Grier , died .
Charlie Chan , another cat beneficiary of Grier , received $ 250,000 .
The legacies of Brownie and Hellcat live on , even though they are dead ; each legacy is now worth $ 4.1 million .
Not bad .
I do n’t know what Brownie and Hellcat looked like , but the cat pictured here is definitely living the high life .
Source – Bankling
all your problems are over
Monday : Carly Monardo of Whirring Blender !
Tuesday : Ben Driscoll of Daisy Owl !
Wednesday : Zach Weiner of Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal !
Thursday : Michael Firman of Moe !
Friday : Andrew Hussie of MS Paint Adventures !
this is gonna be awesome guys i can FEEL IT
One year ago today : they might not have them in all towns .
toronto has one , and they 've even got a phone you can pick up if you want to talk to someone , but only if you are suicidal .
otherwise they are not interested in any of your shenanigans
– Ryan
During the past week the Pakistan Army has undertaken its largest ever operation against Taliban forces in the Swat valley and lower Dir districts — parts of the Malakand Tribal Agency where it had earlier reached a controversial peace agreement with pro-Taliban activists .
The army assaults have had a devastating impact on village communities .
The UN estimates that 500,000 or more have fled their once quiet , scenic mountain homes which are now part of the deadly frontline of Pakistan ’s battle with Islamic militancy .
This latest wave of displaced villagers join the close to one million people who , since last August , had already been made homeless by the war with the Taliban in other parts of Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
People have sought refuge as far south as Peshawar , some 80 kilometres from the current troubles in Swat .
On the outskirts of the city , displaced communities live a rudimentary life among the endless rows of tents at the Katcha Ghauri camp , which was once home to refugees from the war against the Soviets in Afghanistan .
" We are always hungry and there are many mosquitoes here , " complains Izzat , a small - businessman and father of four , from Swat .
Katcha Ghauri is so overcrowded now that many of those who arrived last year after being displaced from other regions have offered to leave to make room for new arrivals from the north - west .
" We are ready to leave [ Katcha Ghauri ] to make room for our brothers from Swat , " says Kushdhil , an old man from Bajaur Agency , which is to the west of where the fighting is currently taking place .
But most of those who are fleeing the war in Swat remain trapped on the southern edges of Malakand Agency , only a few kilometres away from the fighting .
Authorities have told people to leave their villages but they have not provided transport from these frontline positions .
" We were asked to leave our homes without any assistance [ from the Government ] .
We managed to get out of the area , " says Zahid from Mingora , the Swat valley ’s largest city and a Taliban stronghold which is currently under intense army bombardment .
Private transport companies have seized on the lack of Government transportation by increasing their prices , leaving most to make the journey to safety on foot .
" Transporters are charging very high prices that we can’t afford , " Zahid explains .
" They left us behind [ amid ] heavy shelling from [ army ] helicopters . "
" I cannot stop thinking about my neighbour , a widow with her two kids , who ca n’t afford transport charges .
She might be killed during [ army ] shelling … our area has been targeted for the last three days . "
Adding to their misery are the many , often randomly announced , army curfews that prohibit people from moving from areas where operations are being conducted against militants .
" My mother has been ill since last night but here there is no proper health facility , " says Zarina , an eight - year - old from Asban in lower Dir .
" We want to take her to a hospital [ in the village of ] Batkhela but there is curfew so we ca n’t move , " she told us .
People , mostly from the Swat valley and surrounding areas of neighbouring lower Dir district , have been forced to move from village to village during the short periods when curfews are lifted .
" I am a primary school teacher .
First I was forced to leave my job due to threats from the Taliban .
They do not want women to get an education , " Rukhsana , who left her home in Shamozai , Swat as soon as fighting erupted , tells us as she waits patiently in the nearby Nagram area of lower Dir until curfew is lifted .
On Tuesday , spokesperson General Athar Abbas said the army was going to great lengths to avoid civilian " collateral damage " .
But many of the displaced people that we interviewed claim the Government is indiscriminately shelling villages rather than targeting militant hideouts .
" Helicopters came and started firing at our homes , " claims Sakina , from Kabal in the Swat valley , who is now living in a tent at the Rangmala camp with her four children .
" Due to fear of being killed we rushed to this camp .
Local people are supporting us but there is nothing from the Government . "
Rangmala , a camp of around 15,000 tents , was recently established by Red Cross with the help of local villagers who have given vital humanitarian supplies like food , water and clothes to those fleeing the strife .
On Monday the Pakistan Government pledged 1 billion rupees ( AU $ 16 million ) of funding to assist those displaced by the conflict and would hold a donors conference to obtain further assistance .
UN aid agencies said they are speeding up the delivery of humanitarian relief .
Meanwhile , US Special Envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , urged Capitol Hill to pass an immediate aid package to Pakistan that would include economic , humanitarian and , of course , continued military assistance for the massive Pakistan Army operations .
The Taliban remain defiant despite the scale of the attacks , which are largely funded by the US .
" We are going forward and security forces are on the run , " says Muhammad Iqbal , a Taliban spokesperson for the region .
" We feel sorry for the poor people being killed during the [ army ] assault … our men are safe and are fighting with great enthusiasm and spirit . "
" Military forces ca n’t face us on the ground [ due to the mountainous terrain ] and we have mined the whole of the area so they ca n’t come forward from their check posts , " he continued .
However , whether or not the Taliban are vanquished in Pakistan ’s once sleepy frontier villages , the fact remains that communities here may never recover .
" We were leading contented lives in our village , but now it is no longer safe to live there , " says Rukhsana .
" Even if normalcy returns to this area , " adds Akram Shah , another displaced villager who is currently staying in Badawan village in Lower Dir , " it will take a long time to [ rebuild ] our lives . "
By Syed Shoaib Hasan
BBC News , Dera Ismail Khan
Qari Zain was shot dead by one of his own bodyguards after morning prayers Tribal leader and Taliban breakaway commander Qari Zainuddin Mehsud was killed earlier this week .
His funeral took place in Dera Ismail Khan in north - west Pakistan .
It was as unlikely a situation as one is likely to find - even in Pakistan .
The burial of a Taliban commander in a Shia graveyard while Pakistan 's armed forces provide security for his militants .
A small number of people - his men and journalists - stood for nearly an hour in the debilitating heat of Dera Ismail Khan as the last rites were performed .
Security personnel in official vehicles and armoured carriers stood in silent vigil as usually stoic Taliban militants broke down in tears .
The setting was the inglorious and sombre funeral of Qari Zainuddin Mehsud .
He had recently been catapulted into the position of pretender for the throne of Baitullah Mehsud , the most powerful Taliban commander in Pakistan .
Qari Zain , as he was known , was gunned down by one of his own bodyguards after morning prayers on Tuesday .
A day earlier , the BBC had arranged to have a chat with him about his decision to take on Baitullah .
But fate apparently had other designs for the young Taliban commander .
Rivalry
He had recently come out publicly denouncing Baitullah as being an enemy of Islam and Pakistan .
Turkestan Bhittani was allied to the slain Mehsud tribal leader .
Qari Zain had also declared a jihad against Baitullah Mehsud and formed a pro-government Taliban group called the Abdullah Mehsud group .
Abdullah Mehsud , a cousin of Qari Zain , was one of Pakistan 's earliest Taliban commanders who advocated taking the fight to Nato forces from Pakistani territory .
He was killed by Pakistani security forces in Baluchistan , allegedly on information provided by Baitullah Mehsud .
Since Abdullah 's death , Qari Zain had been building up a resistance to Baitullah 's control within the Mehsud tribe .
He was also closely allied to Turkestan Bhittani , leader of the Bhittani tribe and Baitullah 's main rival .
In recent times , both men have been aided by Pakistan 's security establishment - to which Baitullah Mehsud now represents a clear and present danger .
But that plan has suffered a setback with Qari Zain 's death .
No locals
His funeral was delayed as several concerns had to be addressed .
While his family was keen on his burial in his native village in South Waziristan , Pakistan 's intelligence was understandably reluctant .
There was a very real possibility of his body being found hanging from a tree in South Waziristan
Local journalist
After having invested in Qari Zain 's appeal as an alternative , they stood to be made a laughing stock with the Taliban 's penchant for digging up the bodies of their rivals .
" Qari Zain had been denounced in the strongest of terms by Baitullah 's men , " remarked a local journalist in Dera Ismail Khan .
" There was a very real possibility of his body being found hanging from a tree in South Waziristan . "
For this reason , the BBC had a tough job on Tuesday working out where and when the funeral would take place .
Reports that his body was being flown to South Waziristan were discovered to be false .
Instead it was learnt that his family was being flown in from that region to attend the funeral on Wednesday .
The timing and venue were kept a secret till a few hours before the event .
The details of Qari Zain 's funeral were a closely guarded secret Finally , as the searing heat continued in Dera Ismail Khan , we made our way to the locality of Madina city .
A Shia - dominated neighbourhood was a strange setting for a Taliban funeral .
The Taliban consider the Shia sect to be the same as non-Muslims or even worse .
But these " government Taliban " had apparently set up shop in the heart of this area .
As we drove through the narrow streets , two things stood out starkly .
The eerie lack of locals and the overwhelming presence of armed men on every corner .
It was the first time I have seen security personnel and Taliban militants manning checkpoints together .
As we parked our car outside the house where Qari Zain was killed , a Taliban militant told us that we should first go to the graveyard .
We immediately took off - through side streets .
These led to fields of maize located behind the houses .
Crossing them we came to the graveyard , a resting place for mostly Shia and some Christian remains .
That perhaps contributed to the choice .
' Jihad continues '
It also said a lot about claims by the security forces of having taken the fight to Baitullah Mehsud .
The airtight security managed to keep away any potential suicide bombers as well as locals and tribesmen .
" It would have been a poor crowd anyway with one side considering him a heretic and the other a traitor , " said another journalist acidly .
For that is indeed how Qari Zain 's siding with the government is seen by many of his fellow tribesmen .
The heavy irony of the situation was also not lost on those present .
That the only option for security forces to protect the body of their champion was to bury it in such a manner speaks volumes about which way the battle is going .
Having failed utterly to prevent his assassination , the only way they could protect his remains was to keep them as far away from South Waziristan as possible .
Soon after the funeral , militants loyal to the dead Taliban commander gathered at the house where he was killed .
A short ceremony ensued to appoint his brother Misabhuddin as the new chief .
Speaking to the BBC , he said he would continue his brother 's mission and not rest till Baitullah was dead .
" The operation in South Waziristan is the government 's right and those caught up in the fighting are all terrorists , " Misabhuddin said .
But he was quite clear on another point as well : " Jihad against America and its allies in Afghanistan would continue as well . "
But was not the point of the operation in South Waziristan to stop such activities ?
Apparently not , as far as Misabhuddin is concerned .
" Pakistan 's government only has problems with the foreign militants in the area .
They have always supported us in the jihad in Afghanistan . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By : Derek Yu
On : June 27th , 2009
So what do Leisure Suit Larry and Mavis Beacon have in common ?
What would happen if Custer got his revenge in the middle of the Oregon Trail ?
Maybe nothing .
Maybe a LOT .
The choice is yours .
The first - ever TIGSource dualcompo is upon us !
The themes are Adult Games and Educational Games , and you can choose to do one or the other … or BOTH !
The compo officially starts tomorrow , and you have six flippin ’ weeks to come up with an idea and implement it .
Start your entry today , before the game burnings begin !
Sex and education – they ’re both better when they ’re interactive .
( Thanks to bigpants , the biggest Hall and Oates fan , for the video .
Oh yeah !
Oh yeah ! )
GAZA , March 12 ( Reuters ) - Hamas Islamists in control of the Gaza Strip issued a rare condemnation on Thursday of recent rocket fire at Israel , saying their armed wing was not responsible for the action .
Rockets shot recently " are not being fired by the resistance faction " , said a statement from the Interior Ministry of the Hamas - ruled coastal enclave , referring to Hamas 's armed wing .
The armed wing of Hamas has fired hundreds of the homemade rockets over the past eight years , including barrages that Israel said had triggered its major offensive against Gaza in December and January .
But these latest rockets were " being fired at the wrong time " , the statement said .
Hamas security would find out who was responsible , it added , stopping short of promising any punitive measures .
Israel holds Hamas responsible for all rockets , mortar rounds or sniper fire at Israelis from within Gaza .
It does not accept that renegade groups may be taking armed action without the approval or tolerance of Hamas , be it explicit or implicit .
The statement marked the first time that Hamas , which rejects the right of the Jewish state to exist , has condemned such attacks since a three - week war in Gaza and Israel 's south ended on Jan. 18 .
Israel said the war -- in which some 1,300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed -- was launched to curtail rocket fire at its southern towns .
Rocket fire has not ceased , though none of it has been fatal .
And while Israeli planes have bombed Gaza targets almost daily in retaliation , casualties have been very few .
An Israeli military spokesman said 176 rockets had been fired at Israel since its offensive ended .
Six had been launched since Wednesday , none causing any damage or injury .
Responsibility for some was claimed by a previously unknown group calling itself Hezbollah Palestine .
January 's offensive destroyed 5,000 homes in Gaza and left large swathes of the coastal enclave in ruins .
It ended with each side calling a separate truce that Western mediators have thus far failed to cement into a more lasting ceasefire .
Hamas wants Israel to lift a blockade of border crossings into Gaza which the 1.5 million Palestinians in the territory rely on for the supply of vital goods and services .
Israel says it allows essential food and medicine into Gaza , but will not lift restrictions on the crossings until rocket fire comes to a stop and an Israel soldier captured in 2006 is set free .
( Reporting by Nidal al - Mughrabi ; Writing by Allyn Fisher - Ilan ; Editing by Douglas Hamilton and Mark Trevelyan )
Pirate Bay sold , will work for better copyright handling
A Swedish software company has announced plans of buying The Pirate Bay , a website dedicated to the distribution of media outside and above the concepts of intellectual property , and that they will work towards better integration of copyright awareness .
Global Gaming Factory X AB said on a statement last Tuesday that they would be purchasing ownership for The Pirate Bay for the amount of approximately $ 7.7 million .
They also confirmed that they would be working towards compensation for firms that have demanded compensation for legal damages .
The Pirate Bay Four , or the four Swedish founders of the website , have been sentenced to one year in prison , along with fees for damages amounting to about $ 3.6 million .
“ We would like to introduce models which entail that content providers and copyright owners get paid for content that is downloaded via the site , ” said Global Gaming Factory Chief Executive Hans Pandeya .
WASHINGTON  A military investigation has concluded that American personnel made significant errors in carrying out some of the airstrikes in western Afghanistan on May 4 that killed dozens of Afghan civilians , according to a senior American military official .
The official said the civilian death toll would probably have been reduced if American air crews and forces on the ground had followed strict rules devised to prevent civilian casualties .
Had the rules been followed , at least some of the strikes by American warplanes against half a dozen targets over seven hours would have been aborted .
The report represents the clearest American acknowledgment of fault in connection with the attacks .
It will give new ammunition to critics , including many Afghans , who complain that American forces too often act indiscriminately in calling in airstrikes , jeopardizing the United States mission by turning the civilian population against American forces and their ally , the Afghan government .
Since the raid , American military commanders have promised to address the problem .
On Tuesday , Lt. Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , nominated to be the American commander in Afghanistan , vowed that reducing civilian casualties was “ essential to our credibility . ”
A mother and father who let their children live in a " hell hole " were today jailed for three years , police said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 26 - year - old man and 24 - year - old woman , who can not be identified for legal reasons , were jailed after pleading guilty to subjecting their children to " horrific " levels of cruelty , neglect and abuse .
The three children - two girls then aged four and one , and a boy aged three - were forced to live in abject conditions in their home in the York area between April and October 2008 .
The alarm was raised after a member of the public complained to York Council about the dilapidated state of the outside of the couple 's property , York Crown Court heard .
The authorities uncovered squalid conditions including festering rubbish piled high , rotting scraps of food and faeces and urine strewn all over the place .
The court was told the children were forced to share a soiled and stinking bed , and were found wearing nappies that had clearly not been changed for some time .
There were no signs of even the most basic standards of care and hygiene , the court was told .
The couple pleaded guilty to child cruelty charges and were sentenced at York Crown Court today .
Detective Constable Debbie Outwin , of the Protecting Vulnerable Persons Unit in York , led the child abuse investigation by North Yorkshire Police .
She said : " It is very satisfying that the couple have been brought to justice for the horrific conditions they forced upon their children .
" The way they subjected them to cruelty , neglect and abuse is truly shocking in this day and age .
" But as we have seen in other high - profile cases around the country , this type of abuse sadly continues nevertheless .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" It is a sad indictment on society , but it is one we must all wake up to and do everything we can to prevent it in the future .
" A small comfort that we can all take from this case , is that the children are now in an environment where they are flourishing and receiving the love , care and support they so desperately needed . "
Ms Outwin likened the house to a rubbish tip .
She said : " The stench of the place was unbelievable .
Even hardened officers who have visited countless unsavoury properties in their time , were knocked sick by the disgusting conditions .
" The only words to describe the house was a hell hole . "
Detective Chief Inspector Lucy Pope , who oversees the force 's Protecting Vulnerable Persons Units , praised the " outstanding " work of Ms Outwin and the multi-agency effort which included North Yorkshire Police and York Council .
She also commended the vigilance of the member of the public who enabled the initial intervention by the authorities .
" This case highlights the fact that the actions of one person , and one person alone , can make such a vital difference . "
" If it was n't for the member of the public who complained to the council about the mess of the property in question , the plight of these poor children may not have been uncovered until it was too late .
" People living in communities really do need to look out for each other .
And if something is amiss or is a cause for concern , then the matter must be reported to the relevant authorities such as the council or the police as a matter of urgency . "
Jane Cook , Crown Prosecution Service senior prosecutor , added : " This is one of the most distressing cases of child neglect I have ever dealt with .
" It is patently obvious that the degrading conditions in which the children were existing were truly appalling , causing them unnecessary suffering and exposure to illness and injury , including developmental problems .
" We have worked closely with North Yorkshire Police throughout the investigation and it is some small satisfaction to see that justice has been served today and that the perpetrators are facing the consequences of their appalling behaviour . "
On the weekend before the convention three homes were raided on the orders of Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher , activists were held at gun point while police ransacked their homes and illegally seized their political literature .
Five members of the RNC 8 were arrested during those raids , and over the course of the next two days the remaining three were taken away by police before they even had a chance to protest the convention .
The evidence against these activists was extremely slim and police were subject to much ridicule when they took common household items such as roofing nails , paint , and rope from the homes that were raided and tried to claim that those items were weapons that were going to be used against delegates at the convention .
Despite the lack of evidence against the RNC 8 however the Ramsey County District Attorney 's Office decided that they would use this case to test out a law they had a passed after 9/11 , this would be the case in which they would prosecute people under the Minnesota Patriot Act for the first time .
The Minnesota Patriot
Act went beyond the federal Patriot Act in that it allowed law enforcement to charge people with terrorism not just for planning acts of violence against people , but even allowed terrorism charges against people who planned property damage which totaled as little as $ 1,000 .
Under this law it would be possible to charge someone as a terrorist for even a relatively minor crime such as spray painting graffiti on walls if it cost them more than $ 1,000 to clean up .
Even more disturbing however is that this law would allow police to preemptively arrest people who they claim might cause property damage , and that is exactly what they did with the RNC 8 who never actually damaged any property whatsoever and the evidence that they intended to damage anything is extremely slim .
Yet despite the lack of evidence against these eight young people Susan Gaertner is attempting to prosecute these eight individuals on trumped up charges .
The charges against the RNC 8 are Conspiracy to Riot in Furtherance of Terrorism , and Conspiracy to Commit Criminal Damage to Property in Furtherance of Terrorism .
In addition both charges were also introduced separately without the terrorism designation so that if the jury did not buy the argument that these activists were terrorists the prosecution would have additional charges to fall back on .
So now that you have some background on the case here are the details of how I ended up meeting with the prosecutor of the RNC 8 today .
Every week I attend a little peace vigil / protest near the Lockheed Martin plant in Eagan and my friend Bob Palmer who also attends this weekly event had a run in with Susan Gaertner a few weeks back .
He asked her why she was doing the Republicans dirty work in pursuing this case , and she said she would like to give him an opportunity to discuss the case with her .
She gave him her business card and asked him to set up a meeting with her , before he set up that meeting he asked me and three other people if we wanted to attend as well and we all agreed .
We all met this morning at a coffee shop in St. Paul and when Susan Gaertner came in we allowed her a few minutes to explain her side .
She told us pretty much exactly what I expected her to say , which was that it was her job to prosecute the law as it is written .
One of the women who I was with politely jumped in to remind her that as a prosecutor she has discretion on which cases she pursues , and Gaertner acknowledged that this is indeed the case .
If a prosecutor feels that the charges are unfair they have the discretion to drop those charges , but of course Gaertner was not about to tell us that she thought these charges were unjust .
She did acknowledge one thing however , she did tell us that she believes that the Minnesota Patriot
Act is a seriously flawed law and that she believes that certain parts of it should be repealed .
Despite her problems with the law however she believes that it is her duty to enforce the law as it is written .
My response to her was that the Constitution overrules the Minnesota Patriot Act , and that she should obey the law of the Constitution and refuse to enforce the laws which violate that Constitution .
I told her that the Constitution gives us the right to peacefully assemble , and it is frightening that we are living in a society in which police can break down the doors of political activists , hold them at gunpoint and charge them with acts of terrorism merely for organizing a political protest .
This is not what the founders of this nation had in mind when they wrote our Constitution , and these sorts of police actions set a climate of intimidation that discourages people to get involved in political activism .
We started to talk about the history of protests , and how the police have targeted protesters for generations but in the end the protesters were vindicated .
Through the Civil Rights movement , the women 's suffrage movement , and the Vietnam War protests it has been shown repeatedly throughout history that most of the time the protesters have ended up on the good side of history and the police on the wrong side of history .
After a while just out of the blue Gaertner said " Hey if you are all going to compare me to Nazis we can't have a conversation . "
The strange thing was however that Nazis were never mentioned or even implied in any way , I think she was just so convinced we were going to say that she was a Nazi that she imagined we did .
We really were trying to treat her respectfully though , we told her that and the conversation got back on track again .
Gaertner did tell us that she had a lot of respect for peaceful protesters , and that she even had respect for those who commit acts of civil disobedience if people accept the consequences of that civil disobedience .
Of course she also told us that she did not believe that what she alleges that the RNC 8 to have been planning counts as civil disobedience but something much worse .
She did not use the word in her sentence , but when you look at the charges that were filed that something is terrorism .
I told her that calling someone a terrorist is the absolute worst label you that you can place on them after the climate we have spent the last several years living in , and to place that label on eight young activists who did not even commit a crime but were preemptively arrested sets an extremely dangerous precedent that would open the door to even more serious abuses of this law .
When Gaertner was asked how she could press charges that could send the RNC 8 off to prison for fifteen years she told us that they would not be getting that much time , and in fact she said it was likely that they would not serve any prison time at all ( she did not say anything about jail however ) .
I told her that was not good enough however , to threaten to make these young people spend the rest of their lives on this Earth as " convicted terrorists " will carry a stigma with them that will never go away .
They wo n't be able to get on an airplane , they will have a much more difficult time finding a job or housing , being charged as a terrorist is not a small matter no matter how little time you serve .
While of course she would n't say it straight out I think she did have some sympathy for this argument .
She did not try to tell us terrorism was an appropriate charge for the RNC 8 , she simply pointed to the law and said that she was simply following the law .
It is exactly the response I expected but the tone of the meeting made me believe that she knows that the RNC 8 are not terrorists , and while I know she would never say it I honestly believed that she felt a bit ashamed to be defending her case .
One of the people I was with asked her why she was going after eight young people who did not even commit a crime when she could be going after real criminals who tortured , spied on our citizens , and brought us into an illegal war which killed hundreds of thousands .
Gaertner told us that she does have the authority to file criminal charges against the Bush Administration , and every one of us around the table simutaneously jumped in at that moment to tell her how pleased we would be for her to take that course of action .
She had a big smile her face and we had a bit a laugh , but at the same time we were serious and she knows very well that we were serious .
It was clear that she was not about to take that course , but at the same time I kind of think she wanted to .
She was pretty clear that she thought what the Bush Administration did was repulsive , that is what makes it so sad that she seems to be following their same path .
What I saw in Gaertner during the meeting was a human , I think she is a truly decent person who is caught up in some incredibly indecent things .
I could tell that she was a genuine person with real feelings , and I think she has some very conflicted thoughts going through her head .
When we brought up the Constitution it seemed to make her a bit uncomfortable , in fact I do n't think she ever even mentioned the Constitution herself even though we kept bringing it up repeatedly .
I think that she knows that she is prosecuting under an unconstitutional law , and I think it truly does bother her .
She wo n't say that of course , but that is the impression I got because her facial expressions during our talks about the Constitution showed that she did know that we had some good points and she seemed truly affected by them .
Is this going to make her drop the charges ?
No .
Not this time , I do think we made an impression though and if enough other people send her the message then maybe , just maybe this is a person that we can win over .
As long as she continues her prosecution of the RNC 8 she is on the wrong side and I will make sure that I continue to let her know that she is on the wrong side , I oppose what she is doing very strongly and I am not going to keep quiet about it .
I want to make it clear though that I am not fighting against her as a person , I am fighting against the unconstitutional actions that she is taking on behalf of the powerful .
Let me be clear , while she may be the primary person prosecuting the case she is no doubt under a lot of pressure from people who are very powerful .
I think she is being used , and I think that deep down she knows she is being used and I think it bothers her .
Now I am not trying to be a mind reader , and I acknowledge that I might be wrong about this but there were just so many moments that she seemed to show some very genuine feelings .
We talked for almost an hour , and we were talking as real people .
We were n't using legal language or debating the specifics of the law , we were talking about our basic freedoms to stand up for what we believe in .
I think that she actually had some respect for us , and to be honest I would not be surprised if one day she decides to speak out and say what she really wants to say rather than what she has to say as a prosecutor .
Two of the people I was with said after the meeting said that they thought she was going to drop the charges , who knows if they will be shown to be right in the end but we will need to keep putting the pressure on her until those charges are dropped .
You can learn more about the RNC 8 here : http://rnc8.org/
Update : Wow , thanks for the rec list everyone .
Can I just say one thing though , a lot of people are getting hung up on my words about Gaertner being a kind person .
When I speak of her personality I am not defending her actions , I am simply saying that she treated us well and listened to us .
This is important because it shows that if we put pressure on her she just might listen to that pressure .
I am going to keep fighting against the prosecutions of the RNC 8 , and I am going to keep fighting hard until the charges are dropped and the Minnesota Patriot Act is overturned .
It is going to be a tough fight , and we need lots of people to help us in this fight .
I do not think however that simply demonizing Susan Gaertner is going to bring us victory , we need to resist what she is doing but recognize that she is a human being .
I do not have any sympathy for what she is doing , but that does not mean that I am not going to acknowledge that she treated us well and did n't try to discourage us from keeping the pressure on her office .
Update 2 : Thanks again for the comments everyone .
I just want to emphasize once again that I want everyone to get out and protest against what Gaertner is doing .
Many people seem upset at me that I noted that she treated us kindly and fairly and that I saw a human side to her .
I can understand where these people are coming from because what Gaertner is doing is wrong , it is dead wrong and I am going to keep protesting against it .
What I am not going to do however is pretend that she is someone she is not , she met with us for an hour and treated us well and I need to give her some recognition for that .
Sometimes good people do really bad things especially when they are under a lot of pressure , but we should not be focusing on Gaertner 's personality we should be focused on defending the Constitution and getting the charges against the RNC 8 dropped .
This is not a fluff piece about Gaertner in the slightest , I believe she is violating the Constitution with her prosecution and I condemn what she is doing I just happen to believe that she may come around , and I am not going to give up on her .
One person also made a comment that I should not have shared the story of this " private meeting " online .
To be clear I was never told that I could not discuss this , and if I would have been told such a thing I would never have participated in the meeting .
The meeting was held in a public place , and there were never any restrictions placed on what we could talk about after the meeting .
She is a public official and I believe that she needs to be held accountable for her actions in public office , I would never meet with her if she insisted that she could not be held accountable for what she said during the meeting .
Update # 3 : By request here is the e-mail address for Susan Gaertner 's office : RCA@co.ramsey.mn.us
Please write and tell her to drop the charges against the RNC 8 .
Please be polite however , I think we are making good progress with her and we do n't want to turn that progress around .
Be firm but do n't be insulting , this is people 's freedom we are fighting for and we want her to see the error of her ways so that she will drop the charges .
Update # 4 : Apparently while I was at work Susan Gaertner called my friend to ask for my phone number as she had read this diary and wanted to talk about it .
I have not talked to her yet , but I do intend on doing so as soon as we can get in contact .
What she told my friend however is the reason that she told us not to compare her to Nazis is that she saw one of the people I was with write the word " Nuremberg " on their notepad .
It appears this is indeed the case , although the reason they wrote that word down was not to compare Gaertner to a Nazi but rather to speak of the legal precedent that was set by the Nuremberg trials .
It appears to be a simple misunderstanding , but I do intend on talking to Susan Gaertner soon so I can hear her side and tell her my own .
JD Salinger has not published a book in decades Author JD Salinger is taking legal action to block the publication of a book billed as a follow - up to his classic novel The Catcher in the Rye .
According to legal papers filed in New York , the 90 - year - old 's lawyers called the book a " rip - off pure and simple " .
60 Years Later : Coming
Through the Rye features someone similar to Holden Caulfield from Salinger 's work , which he says only he is able to use .
The reclusive author has previously refused filming rights for his story .
' Insane '
He has taken legal action to protect his copyright on previous occasions , but has never appeared in court .
The writer of the sequel uses the name John David California , but refused to give his real name when contacted by the Associated Press news agency .
The man , who lives in Sweden , called the legal action " a little bit insane " , and added : " To me , this is a story about an old man .
It 's a love story , a story about an author and his character . "
" I did not mean to cause him any trouble , " he added in reference to Salinger , who is also pursuing undisclosed damages .
Along with California , London - based publisher Windupbird is cited in court documents , along with Swedish publisher Nicotext and California - based SCB Distributors .
The novel , which is dedicated to Salinger , is due to be published in the UK later this summer and in the US later in the year .
The Catcher in the Rye , first published in 1951 , is a tale of adolescent alienation and has become one of the most influential American novels of the modern era .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An influential trial lawyers ' association – which includes many of Canada 's top litigators – has thrown its support behind Toronto defence lawyers who are boycotting legal aid cases .
The citizens of Ontario can no longer afford the cost of a legal aid system that pays so poorly only the least - experienced lawyers are willing to accept cases , said Marie Henein , vice - president of The Advocates ' Society .
It creates too many inefficiencies in the justice system , she said .
" The adage , which applies to this market as well , is you get what you pay for , " Henein told the Toronto Star today .
" What is happening is the lawyers who are being driven out are the people who are able to negotiate resolutions ( to cases before a trial ) and have the presence and seniority to manage clients and the ability to streamline the process , " she said .
Raising the legal aid tariff makes good business sense because it will attract the most experienced lawyers back into doing the work , argues the society , a broad - based organization that includes family and immigration lawyers as well as civil litigators .
Criminal lawyers launched their boycott June 1 to protest the provincial government 's refusal to raise the tariff , which currently pays $ 77 to $ 98 an hour depending on their experience level , with caps on the number of hours paid .
The boycott , which involves lawyers with more than five years experience , applies to all homicide and gangs and guns cases .
Since the late 1980s , the government has increased the hourly rate by 15 per cent , well below the rise in the cost of living .
Three reports for the provincial government in the past year have recommended the tariff be boosted .
Last November , the authors of one report – Patrick LeSage , former chief justice of Ontario 's Superior Court of Justice , and former law professor Michael Code , who was recently appointed a judge – said raising the tariff to levels that would bring seasoned lawyers back to legal aid work is a solution to runaway trials .
Between 1999 and 2007 , there was a 15 per cent decline in the number of senior lawyers taking on these cases .
Yet during their research , LeSage and Code noted in their report , senior police officers , Crown lawyers and judges " forcefully submitted that it is much better to conduct a long complex trial with one of the leading members of the bar because they will generally focus on the real issues in the case , will consistently prepare in advance and will have no reason to unduly prolong the case . "
" While you pay more on an hourly basis , in the end , when you talk about the overall cost of delays to the system , including court costs and the cost of a judge , there is a cost saving , " Henein said .
Code and LeSage recommended that Ontario follow the model developed by the Legal Services Society in British Columbia , which pays $ 125 an hour for particularly complex cases known as " enhanced fee cases " — considerably higher than the top hourly rate of $ 92.29 .
The B.C. legal aid plan also carefully screens lawyers who are eligible for the enhanced fees and a panel of three senior lawyers must determine if the case is of sufficient length and complexity to merit the higher rate .
Attorney General Chris Bentley has offered no substantial response to the boycott , only repeating previous assurances that he wants to move the legal aid system " to a better place . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He told the Star earlier this month he was concerned the boycott might backfire , but declined to elaborate .
Henein said the time and cost savings that would result from raising the tariff would fit well with other efforts Bentley now has underway to improve the efficiency of the criminal justice system , which he has called his " Justice on Target " initiative .
OBAMA'S SPEECH IN EGYPT
By Chuck Baldwin
June 9 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Much has been made of President Barack Obama 's " reconciliation " speech in Cairo , Egypt , last week .
For the most part , the American media have focused on Obama 's attempt to " repair " relations with the Muslim nations of the world .
For example , Obama referenced the Koran five times , and the Bible only once .
( It is noteworthy that one of the Koranic references Obama used was a verse dedicated to Islamic Jihad , in which Muslims are required to kill infidels -- meaning those who are not Muslims , of course .
Not surprisingly , the vast majority of America 's major media failed to report this story .
See the WND report .
As nonsensical and revolting as much of Obama 's speech was , the most egregiously dangerous statement he made in his Egyptian speech was another one that all but a small portion of America 's mainstream media bothered to report .
The sinister statement is as follows :
" Given our interdependence , any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail .
So whatever we think of the past , we must not be prisoners to it . "
( Barack Obama 06/04/2009 , Source : WhiteHouse.gov )
Like his predecessors , George W. Bush , Bill Clinton , and George H.W. Bush , Barack Obama envisions a global union , in which all nations are linked commercially , governmentally , and militarily .
Bush I called it a " New World Order ; " Bush II called it an " international order ; " Clinton often regurgitated Bush Sr. 's " New World Order " mantra ; and Barack Obama called it a " world order . "
Do people not recognize that every President since Ronald Reagan ( both Democrat and Republican ) has called for an international one - world order ?
Obama 's speech goes a step further , however .
In calling for a " world order , " Obama blatantly said " Given our interdependence , any world order that elevates one nation . . . over another will inevitably fail . "
Does everyone understand what Obama is saying ?
In order for this new " world order " to materialize , no individual nation can be preferred over another - - not even our own .
In a word , no country can be allowed to maintain national sovereignty , independence , or military superiority .
All nations must be willing to surrender their sovereignty and independence to the new " world order . "
Furthermore , all nations must be willing to submit their militaries to a new global military .
Oh yes , my friend , all of this is inferred in Obama 's statement .
The last half of Obama 's statement is equally chilling : " Whatever we think of the past , we must not be prisoners to it . "
In other words , Americans must forget about the heritage and tradition of our past .
The ideas of national sovereignty and independence are archaic .
The notion of " America First " is passé .
The principles of constitutional government must be replaced with the international principles of a new " world order . "
In this regard , it would not have mattered to a tinker 's dam if John McCain had been elected President instead of Barack Obama .
I well remember McCain repeatedly saying that one of the first things he would do after becoming President would be to implement a new " League of Democracies . "
In fact , look no further than to a speech McCain made to the Hoover Institution .
According to McCain , " The new League of Democracies would form the core of an international order . "
( Source : John McCain Addresses The Hoover Institution , CFR Publication , May 1 , 2007 )
At the national level , both the Republican and Democratic parties are taking the United States headlong into an international " New World Order . "
The national news media is likewise culpable , as are the vast majority of the Religious Right and most other religious entities , organizations , and movements .
As an example , outside of this column , how many warnings have you read or heard regarding the abovementioned statement by Mr. Obama ?
I dare say that many readers are learning of this statement for the very first time as they read this column .
The burning question facing the American people today is , are we going to do nothing as these globalists who control our political and corporate institutions sell our country into global tyranny ?
Forget Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh , and Bill O'Reilly .
They will do nothing to resist .
Forget Joel Osteen and Rick Warren .
They , too , will raise no voice of opposition .
Forget Newt Gingrich .
He is as much a part of the problem as anyone .
Ditto for virtually every other major Republican in Washington , D.C. -- with the exception of Ron Paul , of course .
( At the national level , only Sarah Palin seems to bring any of the right instincts to the discussion , but she is desperately behind the curve on this issue , and needs much education if she is to be an effective voice on the subject . )
Forget Nancy Pelosi and her fellow socialists in the Democratic Party .
They have never seen a Big Government proposal that they did not love .
And if they love big national government , think how they will love big international government .
Forget the TV news talk shows .
With the exception of Lou Dobbs , they are all too busy putting big bucks in their bank accounts to have time to worry about something as insignificant ( to them ) as the surrender of our sovereignty and independence .
Forget the vast majority of today 's pastors .
They are either totally ignorant or unconcerned on the subject , or too busy fighting with their own carnal church members to provide the leadership necessary to " rally the troops " -- as did the patriotic clergymen of Colonial America 's " Black Regiment . "
That leaves you and me -- and God , of course .
But then again , God , guns , and guts was all it took in 1776 , was n't it ?
So , while all of the attention of the " talking heads " was focused on virtually everything else Obama said , the most diabolical and potentially destructive statement that came from his mouth last week was all but ignored .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
P.S. We are now shipping THE FREEDOM DOCUMENTS .
Over 50 of America 's greatest historical documents in one volume .
Our supply will only last for another week or so .
Order your copies NOW .
And remember , orders of ten ( 10 ) or more pay no shipping ( credit card orders only ) .
To order the documents click here .
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
Earlier this week , Colombian lawmakers overwhelmingly approved a controversial referendum bill that paves the way for President Álvaro Uribe to seek a third consecutive term in office .
The referendum would ask voters to decide on a constitutional amendment to allow presidents to run for a third term .
But obstacles still remain .
The proposal still has to pass a special committee of lawmakers and then be ratified by the country ’s constitutional court .
Uribe would then need to obtain 7.2 million votes ( around a quarter of the electorate ) for the referendum to be approved .
While Uribe has not said whether he intends to run in the presidential elections scheduled for May 2010 , he has certainly done nothing to discourage the idea .
By law , Uribe has until November to declare his candidacy , and it is expected that he will keep his opponents second guessing until the last minute .
The president is tactically refraining from declaring his decision , exposing deep divisions and a lack of leadership among opposition parties .
There is no consensus among the opposition as to whether they should elect only one candidate to stand against Uribe , or if and how to select separate party presidential candidates .
This all makes it relatively easy for Uribe to win , should he decide to run for reelection .
So far , every poll published shows that he would win .
Following Colombia ’s last general election in 2006 , much expectation was placed on the leftist Alternative Democratic Pole Party ( PDA ) .
Under the leadership of Carlos Gaviria , the party secured a record 22 percent of the vote .
But since then , Gaviria and other opposition leaders have squandered opportunities to erode Uribe ’s popularity , following a string of scandals that have plagued the government over the years .
There is the ongoing scandal involving illegal wiretapping of opposition members allegedly carried out by the government intelligence agency , the collapse of pyramid schemes in which hundreds of thousands of Colombians lost money , and the para - politics affair where dozens of lawmakers are being investigated on charges of conspiring with illegal paramilitary groups .
Worst still , the army is embroiled in a scandal where soldiers have murdered innocent civilians to inflate guerrilla body counts .
Despite all the scandals and rising unemployment ( around 13 percent ) , there has never been a more popular leader in Colombia ’s history than Uribe .
After seven years in power , he still enjoys approval ratings hovering around 70 percent .
So how has he done it ?
Uribe has proven to be a masterful tactician and a political maverick who has an uncanny ability to read the public mood and defuse and distance himself from the barrage of scandals that have come his way .
He is as comfortable saluting his troops as he is chatting with the man in the street .
But more importantly , Uribe is seen as a savior .
He is credited for reviving the fortunes of a country that many felt was at the mercy of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) and on the brink of being taken over by the guerrillas .
Uribe ’s unapologetic hard - line stance against the FARC and his refusal to capitulate to their demands is part of his widespread appeal .
Since first coming to power in 2002 , Uribe ’s Democratic and Security policy has intensified a military campaign against the FARC that resulted in the group going on the defensive , along with bringing about a fall in the number of towns seized by the guerrillas and a significant decrease in crime and kidnapping rates .
The bottom line is that Uribe has made many Colombians , both rich and poor , feel safer .
And it is something his supporters are not willing to give up .
Many Colombians are not ready to gamble on an untested leader who they fear may give in to the FARC .
Meanwhile , new presidential hopefuls are already on the campaign trail .
Sergio Fajardo , former mayor of Medellín ( Colombia ’s second - largest city ) is the current frontrunner and had been creeping up the polls in recent weeks , with nearly 14 percent of the likely vote .
Running on an independent ticket , and like Uribe , gifted with the populist touch , Fajardo has a strong track record and is credited with transforming a violent city into a model of urban renewal .
Earlier this week , Juan Manuel Santos , the defense minister , stepped down from his post .
“ If the president decides not to run for a new reelection , then I will be a candidate , ” said Santos .
Polls place him just behind Fajardo .
A hardliner who oversaw a series of successful military defeats against the FARC , Santos is the natural heir to continue Uribe ’s legacy .
But he lacks the common touch .
Then there is Andrés Felipe Arias , a former agriculture minister , also known as “ Uribito ” for his physical and ideological similarities to Uribe .
Though Uribe has backed Arias as his successor , he lacks political clout and trails in the polls with around 9 percent of voter support .
In recent months , the reelection issue has dominated the political agenda and has raised controversy both in and outside of Colombia .
Many opposition members are against the proposed third term , which they say would seriously undermine Colombia ’s democratic systems and institutions and erode checks and balances enshrined in the constitution .
“ We ’re not going to lend ourselves to approve a project that leaves the doors open for a dictatorship .. , ” declared Senator Luis Carlos Avellaneda , PDA spokesperson , moments before opposition senators staged a Senate walk - out to protest the referendum bill .
Even some of Uribe ’s closest aides have joined the growing chorus of opposition against a possible third term .
They include leading business leaders , the Catholic Church , Fabio Echeverri , who ran Uribe ’s presidential campaigns , and Senator Marta Lucia Ramírez , ex-defense minister and now presidential hopeful .
She believes another reelection would be “ inconvenient ” and “ dangerous ” for Colombia ’s democracy .
For a country that prides itself on what it claims is the oldest and most stable democracy in Latin America , critics say Uribe ’s possible reelection would place Colombia in the unenviable club of Andean nations , like Venezuela and Ecuador , whose leaders have used the referendum as a tool to change the constitution to remain in power .
Further constitutional reform would only undermine Colombia ’s credibility and international standing , critics argue .
Whether Uribe does decide to stand for an unprecedented third term is anyone ’s guess .
But while he waits , the political momentum on both sides builds .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR Anastasia Moloney is a freelance journalist based in Bogotá , a contributor to Financial Times and a contributing editor at the Washington , DC - based website World Politics Review .
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Carrie Prejean has been dethroned as Miss California USA for " contract violations , " including missing scheduled pageant events , according to a state pageant official .
Donald Trump poses with Carrie Prejean in May .
Prejean was removed as Miss California USA on Wednesday .
Prejean , 22 , retained her title last month despite a controversy over topless photos , missed appearances and her statements against same - sex marriage .
Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump decided to fire Prejean a month after he gave her a second chance .
" Carrie is a beautiful young woman , and I wish her well as she pursues her other interests , " Trump said .
Runner - up Tami Farrell , who was Miss Malibu , will immediately assume the Miss California USA title , state pageant Executive Director Keith Lewis said .
" This was a decision based solely on contract violations , including Ms. Prejean 's unwillingness to make appearances on behalf of the Miss California USA organization , " he said .
Watch the new Miss California talk about the developments »
Lewis told CNN's Larry King on Wednesday that it was n't one thing Prejean did , but " many , many , many things . "
" She came to us and said , ' I 'm not interested in your input ; I 'll make my own decision what I 'm going to do , ' " Lewis said .
" You know , when you have a contract , when you 're working for someone , you have a responsibility to follow through on what that requirement is . "
Lewis told King it was clear " she was not interesting in upholding the title or the responsibilities . "
Trump brought Prejean and Lewis together in New York for a meeting last month , after which he announced that communications between the beauty queen and pageant officials had been repaired .
" I told Carrie she needed to get back to work and honor her contract with the Miss California USA organization , and I gave her the opportunity to do so , " Trump said .
" Unfortunately , it just does n't look like it is going to happen , and I offered Keith my full support in making this decision . "
Charles Limandri , Prejean 's lawyer , said she learned about the decision Wednesday morning in a phone call from Trump 's office .
" This is all kind of a big shock , " Limandri said .
" We 've been working with Mr. Trump 's office .
She 's been doing all the speaking engagements she 's been asked to do .
It is not true that she has not been cooperating . "
No one from the pageant organization ever warned Prejean she was not doing what they wanted , he said .
" Something is going on , " he said .
" Truth is not being told .
I do n't understand where this is coming from , or why . "
" For people to say that she breached her contract , that she is not doing speaking engagements is false , " he said .
" She did one last Sunday in Las Vegas and it went really well . "
Prejean stepped into controversy at the Miss USA pageant in April when she declared her opposition to same - sex marriage in a response to a question asked during the national pageant by Perez Hilton , a pageant judge .
Prejean finished as first runner - up , but it was not clear if her answer cost her the crown .
During a radio interview Wednesday with Billy Bush , who also was host of the pageant , Prejean said it was that controversy that led to her losing her title , not contract issues .
" It 's just because of my answer , I think , " Prejean told Bush .
" None of this would be happening right now if I just said yeah , gays should get married , you 're right Perez Hilton . "
Wednesday night on Larry King , Bush asked the new Miss California USA the question that sparked controversy for Prejean .
Bush asked Tami Farrell whether in light of several states allowing gay marriage she thought other states should do the same .
" I think it 's a personal decision and a civil rights issue , " Farrell said .
" It 's something we should let each state decide . "
In addition to Prejean 's gay marriage answer , controversy boiled to a new level in early May when seminude photos of Prejean appeared on gossip Web sites .
Miss California USA officials -- some of them outspoken advocates of same - sex marriage -- suggested the photos breached the contract Prejean signed with the pageant .
These officials also complained they could n't reach Prejean and she had missed important pageant events .
The controversy seemed over when Trump declared the pictures not to be too racy and Prejean promised to do better in communicating with the state pageant .
Hilton , the judge who asked the same - sex question during the pageant , cheered Prejean 's firing .
" Better late than never , " Hilton said .
Shanna Moakler , a former Miss USA who resigned as co-executive director of the California pageant when Trump did not dismiss Prejean last month , welcomed Wednesday 's decision .
" First and foremost , my faith has been restored in the Miss Universe organization and with Donald Trump , " Moakler said .
" I believed eventually what I intimately knew would come to fruition . "
All About Carrie Prejean • Perez Hilton • Donald Trump
The North Korean cargo ship Kangnam that is being tracked by a U.S. destroyer due to suspicions that it carries weapons is steaming toward the moment of truth .
" The moment is approaching when the North Korea sanctions framework led by the U.S. and North Korean provocations collide , " a government official said Thursday .
Chances are the moment will come when the ship pulls into port , he added .
The U.S. has been monitoring the 2,080 - ton Kangnam with KH - 12 reconnaissance satellite and P - 3C patrol plane mobilized since it left Nampo Port on June 17 .
Since June 21 , the ship has been tracked by Aegis destroyer USS John S. McCain .
It will reach the South China Sea on Friday sailing through the Taiwan Straits .
" Washington believes that the ship is headed for Burma via Singapore , " said an intelligence officer .
Whether the U.S. will board the ship to inspect it remains to be seen .
If a ship with the size of the Kangnam is to navigate over 6,660 km from Nampo to Burma , it needs to refuel in Singapore or a Vietnamese port .
The Pentagon said Thursday a decision has yet to be made whether to inspect the Kangnam .
But government officials here said chances are that the ship will sail into a port sooner or later .
If the ship is searched and illegal weapons are found , " the U.S. will achieve a diplomatic coup and will be able to tighten sanctions against the North .
If not , resistance will from China and other countries will grow and international cooperation in punishing Pyongyang will falter , " speculated Kim Sung - han , a professor at Korea University .
There are fears the ship will dump any weapons into the sea before inspection .
Because the Security Council resolution does not permit forcible searches of North Korean vessels on the high seas , the U.S. military needs consent from Pyongyang , which is out of the question .
Even if the Kangnam sails into a particular port , that country has to authorize any search .
A diplomat said , " The effectiveness of North Korea sanctions under U.S. leadership and the prospects for Pyongya ng- Washington relations will become clearer depending which port the Kangnam calls on , whether an inspection will take place , and what cargo is carried on the ship . "
Given that North Korea has threatened military action against what it calls a " blockade " of its ships , " the Kangnam could act as a detonating fuse , " a security ministry official warned .
In 2004 , Jessica Jackley set out for rural Kenya , Tanzania , and Uganda to perform an impact evaluation for the Village Enterprise Fund ( VEF ) , a San Francisco Bay Area nonprofit that makes modest grants and loans to small businesses in East Africa .
A few months later , her husband , Matt Flannery , then a computer programmer at Alviso , Calif . - based TiVo Inc. , came to visit her .
As the couple traveled around the country interviewing small - business owners , they talked nonstop about the best ways to help Africa ’s struggling entrepreneurs .
One year earlier , Jackley had heard Muhammad Yunus , the founder of Grameen Bank , give a talk about microfinance .
“ I reacted with both my head and my heart , ” she recalls .
“ My head said : ‘ Microfinance is effective .
It ’s powerful .
It works . ’
But the most important part was what my heart said .
The way he talked about the poor was beautiful , respectful , and dignified .
I did n’t have feelings of guilt and shame like I did after a lot of nonprofit messaging .
Instead , I wanted to be there , listening to people ’s stories and talking with clients face to face . ”
Once in East Africa , Flannery and Jackley agreed that they too would facilitate loans rather than donations .
After weeks of brainstorming , they soon settled on the basic idea for Kiva .
At first , they envisioned a few friends and family members lending money to a handful of entrepreneurs in East Africa .
And then eventually , although they were n’t sure of the steps along the way , they saw Kiva evolving into a self - regulating online lending marketplace where microfinance institutions ( MFIs ) could raise loan capital to fund projects for small - business people in developing countries .
Upon their return to the United States , they set up meeting after meeting with contacts in microfinance to discuss , among many other topics , whether the venture should be nonprofit or for - profit .
After months of skepticism , disapproval , and rejection from industry insiders , they launched Kiva ( which means “ unity ” or “ agreement ” in Kiswahili ) as a nonprofit .
By the end of 2007 , Kiva had become one of the fastest - growing nonprofits in history .
Although being a nonprofit presents unique challenges , the organization ’s 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) status has ushered in many unforeseen benefits .
Major industry players , such as PayPal Inc. and YouTube Inc. , generously bestow goodwill donations on the organization .
Some of the best business and Internet talents in Silicon Valley freely funnel their time and energy to Kiva .
And both individual and institutional donors help underwrite the costs of the site .
“ Although perspectives are rapidly changing , and hybrid social enterprises are cropping up everywhere , people still have a lot of misperceptions about the limitations of being a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) , ” says Jackley .
For the time being , Kiva is content with its nonprofit status .
“ It ’s a tax code , not a religion , ” she says .
“ We do think like a business wherever it makes sense , and we have tried hard not to get sucked into any sort of false limitations of being a nonprofit . ”
The Obstacle Course
As Flannery and Jackley first imagined it , Kiva ’s business plan was quite straightforward :
An online platform would allow ordinary people to invest in small and medium enterprises ( SMEs ) in the developing world .
( See “ Kiva ’s Loan Cycle ” on page 70 for an overview of how Kiva works . )
Users would log on to the Web site to read the personal accounts of Kiva ’s carefully chosen borrowers and then use their PayPal accounts or credit cards to lend as little as $ 25 to a borrower .
On - the - ground MFIs would then administer the loans to the borrowers .
Users would get their money back over the course of a year , with the option of either relending the money or pocketing it .
While the loan agreement was in place , users would also receive frequent updates about their borrowers from the MFIs .
Despite the simplicity of their model , Flannery and Jackley ran into a tremendous amount of resistance from microfinance experts .
“ The criticisms were about both the supply side and the demand side , ” says Jackley .
“ On the supply side , critics said that the idea was n’t scalable because of the time and effort needed to vet borrowers and then to post their stories on the Web .
And on the demand side , the critics said , for whom is this product intended ? ”
The microloans were neither investments nor donations .
“ No one knew what to do with this bizarre , in - between product , ” she says .
Another issue was how much interest ( if any ) Kiva could charge borrowers and return to lenders .
Kiva ’s founders originally wanted to offer lenders the option of earning interest on their loans , both to attract lenders and to transform the usual wealthy donor - poor beneficiary hierarchy into the more egalitarian lender - borrower relationship .
Yet returning interest on loans could have turned the loan into a security in the eyes of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
Offering a security to the public would trigger a long list of SEC requirements , including sufficiently collateralizing the loans and investing only in entities that comply with U.S. accounting standards .
Kiva ’s founders also debated whether to be a nonprofit or a for - profit organization .
Establishing Kiva as a nonprofit was the fastest way for the founders to get the site up and running .
Yet they could not readily ascertain whether a charitable organization could extend loans rather than donations .
They were also unsure what tax implications Kiva and its lenders would face upon the return of the loan principals and , should they charge interest , profits .
Finally , skeptics doubted whether Kiva could actually help lift many people out of poverty .
A common theory circulated that , for microfinance to have a significant impact on world poverty , MFIs would need to be integrated into the global economy and to tap into the capital markets .
Yet most MFIs did not qualify for commercial - grade investments .
Rather , they relied on donations , especially during their early years of operation .
Observers questioned how Kiva could find enough appropriate MFIs with a reasonable number of borrowers to help the organization establish a creditworthy track record .
Just Do It
By December 2004 , Flannery and Jackley themselves began to question whether to pursue their idea any further .
After so many naysayers and so little progress , they were beginning to feel discouraged , says Jackley .
Rather than giving up , though , the founders decided to plunge ahead with the more straightforward plan : become a nonprofit .
After calling 47 law firms , Flannery finally located an attorney who was willing to help establish Kiva as a nonprofit .
The founders then worked with Moses Onyango , a pastor they met during Jessica ’s VEF study , to identify seven Ugandan entrepreneurs who could benefit from small loans .
To avoid potentially running afoul of the SEC , and to focus on the core mission of “ connecting people through lending to alleviate poverty , ” Flannery and Jackley decided that the Kiva Web site did not need to offer interest to lenders .
At the same time , the MFI partners who would distribute the loans to local entrepreneurs would still charge prevailing interest rates and earn interest income .
In this way , individual lenders , not MFIs , bore the risk of borrowers ’ defaulting on the loans .
Suddenly , MFIs had access to free , flexible , and very forgiving debt capital through a brand - new source — individual lenders around the globe .
In April 2005 , the founders e-mailed a description of Kiva , its mission , and the businesspeople it currently sponsored to a list of 300 friends .
Within two days , the organization had raised $ 3,500 and funded all seven enterprises .
Kiva had just become the first online peer - to - peer microcredit marketplace .
Onyango used the Kiva Web site as a blogging platform and regularly entered updates and progress reports on the entrepreneurs .
His profiles became a reason for lenders to check back on the site , and perhaps to lend again .
By October 2005 , the borrowers had repaid the first round of loans .
Flannery and Jackley decided to launch officially — “ which basically meant having a friend write a press release and removing the word ‘ beta ’ from the Web site , ” says Jackley .
Kiva then worked with Onyango to find 50 additional Ugandan entrepreneurs .
For the first few weeks after the press release , the Kiva site was rather quiet .
Then , in mid-November 2005 , “ something happened , ” Flannery described in the winter / spring 2007 issue of Innovations :
“ My day started as usual .
I took the Caltrain to work and logged into my computer .
I had received nearly 1,000 e-mails to my Kiva address .
I checked the database logs and saw that we had raised about $ 10,000 that morning and that all the loans on the site were sold out .
Why ?
We had been featured on the home page of Daily Kos , one of the world ’s largest blogs .
Over a million people had read about Kiva that day and hundreds were actively discussing it online . ”
In short order , Flannery quit his job at TiVo and began building Kiva as its CEO .
Meanwhile , Jackley pursued her MBA at the Stanford Graduate School of Business .
“ We thought this could allow us to have the best of all worlds — I would still be able to learn and bring resources and new ideas to Kiva while it was growing , and we could live off of my student loans , ” says Jackley .
“ Meanwhile , Matt could build out the site because he was the tech genius . ”
The Charitable Advantage
Although Flannery and Jackley had not raised any real start - up capital , Kiva attracted a passionate , talented , and dedicated crew , fueled by Kiva ’s mission .
The team grew quickly to include heads of partnerships , marketing , technology , and public relations .
Many of the 23 full - time employees — most of them in their 20s and 30s — worked pro bono for months .
“ It was easy to feel ownership of the project , ” Jackley recalls .
“ When you know that a big dream relies on you , it ’s inspiring . ”
In part because of its nonprofit status , Kiva was also able to leverage hundreds of volunteers and to fill its board with well - known Bay Area executives , including Reid Hoffman , CEO of LinkedIn Corp . and the former executive vice president of PayPal ; and Jenny Shilling Stein , executive director of the Draper Richards Foundation .
Geoff Davis , who was serving as CEO of Unitus , a nonprofit microfinance accelerator based in Seattle , likewise joined the nonprofit ’s board .
Kiva also attracted Premal Shah , a six - year PayPal veteran who had recently spent a sabbatical in India working for an MFI .
Shah stepped away from founding MicroPlace Inc.—an eBay Inc.- owned for - profit online lending company that had a slightly different yet potentially competitive model of making retail investments in MFIs — to become president of Kiva .
Although both MicroPlace and PayPal are eBay companies , Shah was able to broker a deal with PayPal for free payment processing on the Kiva site — in large part because Kiva was a nonprofit .
Because Kiva ’s largest variable cost is processing payments , PayPal ’s partnership allows Kiva to pass on 100 percent of loans to entrepreneurs .
( Kiva launched a full two years before MicroPlace because the former did not take the long and difficult path of meeting the SEC ’s requirements for offering interest - bearing investments . )
Other big - name partners soon filed in , so that the “ Supporters ” list on Kiva ’s Web site now reads like a Who ’s Who of hip corporate America .
YouTube , for example , has donated 120 million free banner ads to Kiva .
Google Inc. gives Kiva free AdWords , the company ’s flagship advertising product .
Yahoo Inc. likewise donates search marketing keywords , as well as employee volunteers .
Microsoft Corp. , Intel Corp. , Starbucks Corp. , Facebook Inc. , and Linked In , among many others , likewise donate goods and services to the organization .
Kiva ’s nonprofit status has yielded more prosaic benefits as well .
“ Our staff eat well , ” says Jackley .
Kiva ’s first office was located next door to Blowfish Sushi , a well - loved San Francisco restaurant .
Kiva staff members frequently met with donors and board members at Blowfish , and so became familiar faces there .
Eventually Kiva and Blowfish brokered a deal for big discounts on meals .
“ It may not seem like much , ” says Jackley , “ but it actually helped a lot .
The team worked long hours and could now meet potential donors next door , without worrying too much about who might pick up the bill . ”
Being a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) has also made Kiva feel comfortable asking its members to help cover the organization ’s operating costs , which totaled $ 5.9 million in 2009 , according to Fiona Ramsey , Kiva ’s director of public relations .
Jackley zeroed in on the idea of optional transaction fees at the 2007 Net Impact Conference .
She was on a panel with members of two related nonprofits — DonorsChoose.org Inc. , which allows people to donate directly to United States classroom projects , and the GlobalGiving Foundation , which facilitates direct donations to a wide range of projects around the world .
An audience member asked the panel how each organization covered its costs .
Jackley learned that DonorsChoose suggested that users make an optional 15 percent donation in addition to their base donation .
GlobalGiving , in contrast , automatically took a 10 percent fee out of users ’ base donations .
Extracting what she thought was the best of both worlds , Jackley suggested asking users to make an optional 10 percent donation to Kiva , in addition to their base loan to borrowers .
A donor who makes a $ 50 loan to a borrower in Uganda , for example , would be asked to pay an additional $ 5 transaction fee .
Jackley worked with Kiva ’s staff to implement this idea at the point of purchase online .
In 2008 , optional transaction fees totaled $ 2.2 million , says Ramsey , covering some 37 percent of Kiva ’s operating costs .
For the remainder of its funding , Kiva relies on three other revenue streams : grants , unused Kiva credit ( e.g. , uncashed Kiva gift certificates and uncollected loan repayments ) , and “ float ” — the interest the nonprofit captures on the capital in its bank accounts .
Because Kiva receives loans daily , but distributes the funds to MFIs monthly , its bank accounts earned some $ 370,820 in float in 2008 .
Being a nonprofit also makes Kiva eligible for foundation funding .
The organization receives large grants from foundations including Skoll , W.K. Kellogg , and Draper Richards .
In 2008 , those grants totaled $ 1,796,000 .
The Costs of Being 501( c ) ( 3 )
Although foundation funding has been generous , says Flannery , a major drawback of being a nonprofit is that Kiva has to pass up commercial capital .
“ Venture capitalists call me up all the time trying to convince me to become for - profit , ” he says .
“ I know I could raise a lot of money in a short time . ”
Instead , Kiva must raise its money incrementally , “ getting this huge mélange of grants in small , unpredictable pieces . ”
Flannery indeed considered converting Kiva to a for - profit model .
“ A couple of years ago , we had trouble capitalizing .
I bet that we could raise money from angel investors , so I brought that idea to the board .
But the board said no , unanimously , right off the bat . ”
Over time , Flannery came to agree with the board .
“ We are building a community based on trust , ” he says .
“ We are asking people to concede profit to help a poor person .
In turn , Kiva agrees not to profit from people ’s goodwill .
If we did convert to a for - profit model , our users would probably trust us less . ”
Indeed , a 2006 survey showed that 50 percent of Kiva users would not lend on the site if it adopted a for - profit model .
A second possible disadvantage of being a nonprofit is the need to orchestrate the interests of the board , staff , and other stakeholders .
“ If you ’re a founder of a for - profit you can just own the business and you do n’t have to gain the consensus of a large set of people , ” says Flannery .
“ The more controlling and entrepreneurial parts of my psyche would like that .
But the other side of me is very thankful to be in a community where everyone has buy - in .
It ’s been good for me . ”
With more stakeholders comes more scrutiny , however — a third cost of being a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) .
“ People hold nonprofits to a high standard , ” says Flannery .
“ They scrutinize how you spend every dollar .
I ’m glad because it makes us stronger .
But it can also slow you down , ” he says .
“ Everyone knows how much money you make , reads your financials , and questions you all the time . ”
Kiva Today
Since its founding , Kiva has produced a number of compelling results .
The site regularly sells out of loans .
Most businesses listed on the site are funded within hours .
New borrowers are added hourly and potential lenders are urged to check back often to participate .
During times of overwhelming traffic on its Web site , Kiva caps loans at $ 25 so that more people have a chance to get involved .
“ Our mission is not to raise money for entrepreneurs at any cost , ” says Jackley .
“ Our mission is to connect human beings in a dignified way , through a loan .
When push comes to shove , we would rather have more people involved and connected to each other than fewer , especially if the money will come either way . ”
At this time , the nonprofit has 95 field partners ( that is , partner MFIs ) in 44 countries around the globe .
Average loan repayment rates are above 97 percent , and cumulative loan volume is more than $ 66 million .
Both the number of lenders and the average number of businesses funded by each single lender are steadily increasing .
Kiva has also enjoyed a number of high - profile media successes .
President Bill Clinton described the nonprofit in his bestselling book , Giving .
New York Times journalist Nicholas Kristof profiled his experience with Kiva in an editorial piece .
Then , in September 2007 , Oprah Winfrey featured Kiva on her daytime TV show , thereby attracting an enormous amount of interest from Middle America .
Demand was so high on the day the episode aired that it crashed the site .
The Kiva team feels affirmed about the growth of their organization , the positive media attention , and the moving anecdotal evidence of poverty alleviation amongst the entrepreneurs listed on the site .
“ Instead of sleeping on a reed mat , someone now has a blanket , ” Jackley notes .
“ Instead of mud walls , they have concrete .
People have mosquito nets and medicine now , where before there were none of these things . ”
In the future , Kiva wants answers to questions like how many borrowers live on $ 2 per day now rather than $ 1 , how many can afford to feed their families at least two or three times daily , and how many no longer have to choose between nutrition , schooling , and medication for their children .
Yet this plan requires building more technical infrastructure , training MFIs around the world , and even more monitoring and auditing functions — demands that the organization cannot meet at the moment .
“ But we are planning to in the near future , ” says Jackley .
Although Kiva can measure its successes in numerous ways , Jackley maintains that the organization ’s most important impact is on the minds and hearts of the lenders and borrowers who use the Web site .
From day one , Kiva ’s mission has been to connect people through lending .
She says that these personal connections are “ the most powerful force for change on the planet . ”
Bethany Coates received her MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and is now a case writer in its Center for Entrepreneurial Studies .
Garth Saloner is the Jeffrey S. Skoll Professor of Electronic Commerce , Strategic Management , and Economics ; and director of the Center for Entrepreneurial Studies at the Stanford Graduate School of Business .
GOP Senator from Wyoming , John Barrasso , has said that the United States must tap all oil and coal resources available domestically for energy production as relying on renewable sources will not fulfill the energy needs of the country .
[ social_buttons ]
Noting that there are vast untapped reserves of oil in coastal areas as well as the Outer Continental Shelf , the Senator said that if the goal of energy independence is to be achieved these resources along with clean coal technology and nuclear power must be used .
While pointing to domestic oil fields he said there was enough oil to quench the demand .
“ There ’s enough oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West alone to power America for the next hundred years .
As a nation , we need to be more energy independent .
It is a matter of energy security , as well as national security . ”
Even if the United States replaces all its foreign oil supplies with domestic supplies how will it tackle the problem of increased carbon emissions as the country would comfortably fall back on the cushion of ‘ energy independence ’ and would become even more addicted to oil .
The price of cutting carbon emissions after that would be too high and would be comparable to , if not greater than , the price America pays to import oil .
The Senator also pointed out that since the renewable energy sources contribute only one percent to the entire energy basket the emphasis must continue to be on oil and nuclear energy .
Here are some tough questions for the Senator :
Why should n’t renewable sources be developed at a faster pace ?
Why should n’t there be aggressive investment in developing affordable and sustainable renewable energy ?
Why should n’t America try to increase the contribution of renewable energy in total energy production ?
United States is the second largest greenhouse gas producer in the world , in addition , it has the historical responsibility to cut it carbon emissions and switch to cleaner energy sources much more aggressively .
It refused to ratify the Kyoto Protocol which would have required it to reduce its carbon emissions by a minimum of 5 percent and it remains the only major industrialized nations not to agree to the protocol ’s terms .
Now , when the world stands at a crucial juncture with countries , especially China , willing to cooperate on the next climate treaty a move by the United States to move back to fossil fuels instead of switching to renewable energy would be disastrous .
In addition , returning to fossil fuels would set a wrong precedent for rest of the world which is looking for leadership from the United States in renewable energy investments .
All the hard work done in convincing the Chinese to limit their industrial carbon emissions would be lost to such careless policy shifts , if they are undertaken in the US Congress .
The Senator ’s remarks only contradict the scientific studies which found out that renewable sources can easily fulfill all power needs of the United States .
The Department of Interior released a report according to which wind energy could meet 100 percent US electricity supply .
According to an Ernst & Young report , United States took over Germany in becoming the most attractive market for renewable energy investment .
With so much potential to tap and substantial amounts of credit waiting to enter the renewable energy sector , it would be unfortunate , environmentally and economically , to switch back to fossil fuels .
American policy makers must understand that energy independence does not only meet independence from strategic claws that America often finds itself in leading it to use its armed forces to secure energy resources but also independence from greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide which has been declared a health hazard .
Recession and the improved negotiations scenario with respect to the next climate treaty is a chance to move forward and adopt technologies that result in improvements in economic as well as environmental conditions and thus policy makers must carry on and accelerate on the path to build a country and an economy based around renewable energy sources .
Image : biggunben ( Creative Commons )
You ’ve seen that movie , right ?
The one where a pair of lovable sad - sack losers team up to defeat the smug athletic golden boy ?
If not , you ’re about to .
It ’s called “ Palm Pre vs. iPhone . ”
The star of this summer blockbuster is Palm .
Over the years , this once - great company lost its talent for everything but making business blunders .
Pundits were predicting Palm ’s passing  but then the new Palm Pre appeared .
The Pre , which goes on sale Saturday , is an elegant , joyous , multitouch smartphone ; it ’s the iPhone remixed .
That ’s no surprise , really ; its primary mastermind was Jon Rubinstein , who joined Palm after working with Steve Jobs of Apple , on and off , for 16 years .
Once at Palm , he hired 250 engineers from Apple and elsewhere , and challenged them to out - iPhone the iPhone .
That the Pre even comes close to succeeding is astonishing .
As so many awful “ iPhone killers ” have demonstrated , most efforts to replicate the iPhone result in hideous designed - by - committee messes .
Flipping brilliant !
Now Japan has invented a robot that can cook you pancakes for breakfast
We 've already seen a robot that can dance , do household chores and even feel ' empathy ' for humans .
Now a robot in Japan has proven it can prepare and cook you pancakes .
The Okonomiyaki Robot was showing off its skills in cooking traditional Japanese flour pancakes at the International Food Machinery and Technology Exhibition in Tokyo .
It starts by stirring all the ingredients in a bowl , before pouring the batter on to a heated cooking pan .
Chef bot :
The Okonomiyaki Robot starts the process by mixing the pancake mixture and then pouring it out on a hot plate
Perfectionist :
It gets the right pancake shape by using its spatulas
The robot then turns the okonomiyaki ( pancakes ) over with spatulas and then serves them up with ease .
It even asks you what sauces and condiments you want with your pancakes .
But the word 's still out on taste .
Voila !
The robot does a last flip of the pancakes before serving them up with sauces and condiments of your choice
The Motoman SDA10 , a dexterous dual - arm industrial robot was developed by Osaka - based robot makers Toyo Riki Co .
At 4.5 ft tall , and weighing 480lb , the robot is designed to operate independently alongside humans in the workplace .
Tags
When doing interviews for my new book on the Great Depression , a natural question comes up : will the present crisis turn out as bad as the 1930s ?
My standard answer is typical for an economist : " yes and no . "
On the one hand , there were very specific reasons that unemployment broke 25 percent in 1933 , and we do n't have those factors in place today .
So I do n't think the official unemployment rate will get anywhere near that catastrophic level , though it could very well come in at the # 2 spot in US economic history .
However , even though unemployment rates will not be as severe , I still predict that we are in store for a miserable decade of economic stagnation .
Given all of the huge assaults of the federal government into the private sector in just the past six months , I frankly do n't understand how anyone except true believers in Karl Marx can be seeing " green shoots . "
What is perhaps worse , laid on top of the stalled output in goods and services , I predict Americans are in store for the worst price inflation in US history .
Just as stagflation referred to the combination of high unemployment and price inflation rates in the 1970s — something Keynesians thought was impossible — we can use the term hyperdepression to refer to the mix of hyperinflation and a serious recession in real output .
In the remainder of this article I 'll explain my pessimistic outlook .
Why Did Unemployment Hit 25 % in the 1930s ?
The single biggest blunder Herbert Hoover made was insisting that businesses maintain wage rates after the stock - market crash in October 1929 .
Hoover adhered to an " underconsumptionist " theory of the business cycle , in which a small shock to business could end up cascading into a full - blown depression if market forces were left to their own devices .
In Hoover 's view , the worst thing businesses could do in 1930 would be to slash wage rates , because then workers would have even less money to buy products ; there would be a downward spiral into oblivion .
The problem was that the United States was still on a gold standard , and so the Fed could n't inflate the economy with new paper money with reckless abandon ( the way it has done in subsequent recessions ) .
When Americans began panicking and pulling their money out of the banks , the overall quantity of money ( measured by aggregates such as M1 or M2 ) fell sharply , declining by about a third from 1929 to 1933 .
Because of the shrinking money stock as well as people 's desire to hold larger cash balances , prices in general fell substantially as well , falling at an annualized rate of more than 10 percent for portions of the Hoover years .
This is why Hoover 's high - wage policy proved so disastrous .
With everything except labor getting cheaper by the month , unemployed workers found it difficult to re-enter the work force .
With sales and revenues plummeting , no employer wanted to hire workers at the same wage rate prevailing at the height of the boom in 1929 .
Because Hoover insisted that wage rates stay the same , even though the market - clearing wage rate was falling with productivity and general prices , the result was larger and larger unemployment .
This is Econ 101 .
In our present crisis , we do n't need to worry about unemployment rates hitting 25 percent .
Even though federal policies will reduce labor productivity , and even though Obama 's pro-union policies will exacerbate " wage stickiness , " over the next few years I predict large price inflation that will tend to mitigate these factors .
In short , most workers will still be able to find jobs , because Bernanke 's running of the printing press will ensure that their paychecks do n't buy very much at the stores .
Consequently , it wo n't be as difficult for employers to justify taking on people laid off from other firms , compared to the situation in the Hoover years .
Why Real GDP Will Stagnate
I am not going to be foolish and give annual rates of projected real GDP growth ; let me simply summarize my view by saying that the economy will be in the toilet for a decade .
( Consult another economics PhD for a precise translation of those terms . )
I really do n't understand how even some free - market analysts on CNBC and the like can talk about the recession ending this year , or who speculate that we 've finally " hit rock bottom . "
If they really believe that , then I wonder why they spend so much of their careers praising free markets and blasting socialism ?
If all of Bush 's and now Obama 's enormous interventions only yield a few quarters of a moderately bad recession , then what 's all the fuss about ?
We have all been desensitized to the federal power grabs , because they have been so sudden and so sweeping .
The human mind is able to adapt to any new environment fairly quickly .
Let 's think back just one year ago .
Remember when plenty of people were worried about the " unjustified " intrusion of the Federal Reserve into the Bear Stearns takeover ?
Contrast that to today , when the federal government is literally acquiring outright , common - stock ownership in major banks , where the precise accounting mechanism is a conversion of ( TARP ) " loans " that it forced some of these banks to take , and which the government ( as of this writing ) refuses to allow to be paid back .
Or how about this one : in the spring of 2008 , the Bush administration pushed through a stimulus tax cut that cost a little more than $ 150 billion .
Do you remember that at the time , this was considered a fantastic sum of money ?
Analysts on CNBC fretted about the impact on the deficit and interest rates .
Well President Obama 's stimulus package was $ 787 billion ; the expected federal deficit this fiscal year is $ 1.8 trillion .
The CBO projects that the federal debt as a share of the economy will double over the next decade , from about 41 % last year to 82 % by 2019 .
Beyond the massive shift of resources to the government , though , are the massive intrusions of federal power into various sectors .
The feds have already partially nationalized the banking sector ( a process started under that " laissez - faire conservative " George Bush ) ; they have taken over one of the biggest insurers in the world ( AIG ) and two of the Big Three car companies ; and they have taken over Fannie and Freddie and now control more than half of US mortgages .
On top of that , they are pushing through a plan to cap carbon - dioxide emissions — which allows the government to control energy markets , and — oh why not ? — they are trying to nationalize health care too .
Just to make sure investors around the world stay clear of the American economy , the Obama administration has overturned secured - creditor rights in the Chrysler fiasco and has hired 800 new IRS employees to put the screws to wealthy filers with international business operations .
It is no exaggeration to say that the last time the government expanded this much , this quickly , was under FDR 's New Deal .
And we got a decade of misery during that particular experiment .
Why would things be different this time ?
A Dollar Collapse , Just for Good Measure
As if all of the above were n't bleak enough , on top of that we have the very real possibility that the dollar will crash .
Central bankers have openly discussed switching away from the dollar and into a " basket " of currencies ; this talk would have been unheard of even 18 months ago .
It 's true there are deflationary forces at work , but I believe Bernanke has overcome them and will continue to do so .
First of all , look again at what he has done to the " monetary base , " which basically captures how much in reserves Bernanke has pumped into the banking system :
I know , I know , there are all sorts of clever arguments economists can give , to explain why there 's " nothing to see here , folks . "
But if and when the dollar collapses and we see 20 + percent price inflation , I think people will look back at the above chart and wonder , " How in the heck did we manage to convince ourselves to worry about deflation ? "
For what it 's worth , the monetary aggregate M1 ( very liquid assets such as cash and checking deposits ) rose by 17 percent during 2008 .
Remember , during the Hoover years the Fed was unable to prevent M1 from falling at a steep clip .
We need to keep these differences in mind before drawing any conclusions about what happens to prices " during a depression . "
One last point about deflation / inflation :
If you have been reading CNBC headlines and listening to Ben Bernanke , you would get the impression that we are still experiencing " deflationary pressures " in 2009 .
But guess what ?
If you look at the non-seasonally - adjusted consumer price Index figures maintained by the BLS , you will see that from December 2008 to April 2009 , prices have risen at an annualized rate of 4.3 percent .
Yes , you heard right : if you throw out the " seasonal adjustments " and just look at the raw CPI figures , over the last four months the rate of price inflation is well above Bernanke 's professed " comfort level . "
Conclusion
I realize there is a temptation to give very gloomy forecasts , since that 's the way to attract attention .
You may think I 'm succumbing to that here .
But looking back over my arguments above , I do n't see where emotion or sensationalism is creeping in .
Let me try one last thing to get my point across .
Suppose in 2007 you were handed a piece of paper and a pencil , and were asked , " Come up with a list of bullet points for how to generate severe stagflation in the years 2010 through 2019 . "
Would n't your list look pretty similar to what has already happened ?
Is Your Bitterness a Medical Condition ?
8 Controversial Conditions
Many Conditions Still Meet With Skepticism From the Public
Post - traumatic embitterment disorder .
Intermittent explosive disorder .
Mathematics disorder .
These conditions are arguably some of the stranger diagnoses tossed around in medical discourse , so it should come as little surprise if you 've never spoken with your doctor about them .
But however strange they may seem , many medical professionals say that these disorders are legitimate conditions that can warrant treatment .
Yet , acceptance from part of the medical community has not stopped debates on the existence of many of these conditions .
" Illness is always a social construct , " noted Dr. Nortin Hadler , professor of medicine and microbiology / immunology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and author of the book " Worried Sick : A Prescription for Health in an Overtreated America . "
" People have to agree -- both people , in general , and those in the medical community -- that a life experience should be labeled an illness , " Hadler said .
" For example , the Victorians medicalized orgasm , and we medicalize the lack of it . "
Dr. Igor Galynker , director of The Family Center for Bipolar Disorder at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York , said that psychiatric conditions in particular tend to attract controversy .
" In psychiatry , part of a disorder is clinically defined and part is societally defined , " he said , adding that conditions , such as Attention Deficit Disorder , or ADD , are particularly contentious .
" An ADD diagnosis is very controversial , especially after a recent paper suggested some children with ADD ' grow out ' of it at age 25 , " he said .
" That would mean that ADD is a phase in development , rather than a disease .
...
It is all fluid . "
But not all medical experts believe many of these disorders should be dismissed so readily by the public .
" Individuals should not think these disorders are trivial , " said Dr. David Kupfer , a clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , who is part of the team charged with drafting the new Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , a periodically updated compendium of psychological conditions for professional reference .
" They are real .
By having them in the DSM , hopefully it makes the stigma less . "
The following are just a few of the many controversial diagnoses in the medical literature today .
Post - Traumatic Embitterment Disorder
For those who have been laid off from a job , gone through a divorce or had a loved one die , that seething , bitter feeling inside might have a name : Post - Traumatic Embitterment Disorder ( PTED ) .
First identified by German psychiatrist Dr. Michael Linden following the fall of the Berlin Wall in immigrants from East Germany , PTED shares many of its characteristics with post - traumatic stress disorder , with the notable exception that the stress trigger is not life - threatening .
Linden reported in a 2003 article in the journal Psychotherapy and Psychosomatics that people suffering from PTED also suffer significant feelings of injustice , sadness , rage and helplessness , and they dwell on these feelings so much that performance in daily activities suffers .
Dr. Barbara Rothbaum , professor of psychiatry and director of the Trauma and Anxiety Recovery Program at the Emory School of Medicine in Atlanta , pointed out that it may be useful to differentiate between PTED and other types of stress disorders in terms of treatment .
" The mechanism behind anxiety and anger and what you do about them is different , " Rothbaum said .
" With anxiety , you do exposure therapy and help a person confront what they 're scared of in a therapeutic manner .
That 's not the way anger works .
The more you focus on it , the more angry you get .
...
You want to see people move through [ those feelings ] and not get stuck in it . "
Except for Linden , few have researched the psychology of lasting bitterness , and little evidence exists about the difference between PTED and the existing cadre of trauma and stress disorders .
" Whether or not [ PTED ] is different from PTSD is something the DSM committee needs to think about , " said Dr. Anand Pandya , vice chair of the Department of Psychiatry at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
Pandya pointed out that , for example , some people with depression cry often and others with depression do not .
" The realities are that any clinician who 's treated trauma survivors knows that very often people have a variety of emotional reactions , complex emotions like bitterness , " Pandya said .
" The question is : Does that difference make a difference ? "
Intermittent Explosive Disorder
Imagine , for a moment , the worst manifestations of aggression : domestic abuse , road rage , a tendency to pick fights for no good reason .
While to some , such behavior would constitute a mere personality problem , to others it suggests a psychological condition known as intermittent explosive disorder .
" The way [ intermittent explosive disorder ] is described right now , it refers to somebody who repeatedly fails to control their aggressive drive , " Galynker said .
" They may act completely out of proportion to a situation . "
And while the diagnosis may sound odd , it may be more common than you think .
A June 2006 study funded by the National Institute of Mental Health found that intermittent explosive disorder may affect as many as 7.3 percent of adults in the United States , mostly men .
While these people may fly into uncontrolled rage on a fairly regular basis , many feel remorse or embarrassment for their actions afterward .
For this reason , Galynker added that intermittent explosive disorder can be thought of most effectively as an " aggression disregulation " and that a lot of people have gradations of it .
But is it for real ?
Galynker , for one , thinks so .
And he says those who live with Intermittent Explosive Disorder often experience the consequences of their rage .
" A lot of people can't manage their aggression , and a lot of them end up in jail after an explosion , " he noted .
But , as with many such disorders , some people may question whether someone who has been diagnosed with such a condition should be held fully responsible for their actions .
Indeed , while some may argue that applying such diagnoses to this type of disposition could give some people a blank check for bad behavior , others might say the condition could warrant leniency .
Galynker , however , is adamant that an intermittent explosive disorder diagnosis should not be enough to get someone off the hook for hyperaggressive behavior .
" The fact that people can't control their behavior does n't mean that they are not responsible for their behavior , " he says .
A number of different drugs are used to treat intermittent explosive disorder , including anti-anxiety medications , like Valium and antidepressants , like Prozac .
Psychiatrists have also used behavioral therapy to treat those with the condition .
Morgellons Syndrome
Perhaps one of the strangest and most controversial medical mysteries out there today , Morgellons syndrome involves the sprouting of inorganic material -- including fibers and crystals -- from the skin .
No solid evidence yet exists for the condition , and many doctors today say it is likely more a psychological condition than a physical one .
That is , of course , assuming that the individuals who say they suffer from it do not actually have these objects growing from their skin .
In 2006 , Brandi Koch of Clearwater Beach , Fla. , told ABC News that she was one of many to suffer from the condition ; she claims she has colored fibers coming out of her skin .
" The fibers look like hair , and they 're different colors , " Koch said .
And while most medical professionals doubt the existence of the condition , at least one -- pediatrician Dr. Greg Smith of Gainesville , Ga. -- claims to actually have experienced the condition firsthand .
" It felt like somebody stuck a pin in my toe and wiggled it and it just continued to hurt , " Smith told ABC News in 2006 .
" I 've certainly had those crawling sensations , and the fibers which come out of the skin are really bizarre , and really odd . "
However , Dr. Vincent DeLeo , chief of dermatology at New York 's St. Luke 's - Roosevelt Medical Center , weighed in on what he'd say to someone who came to him with this condition : " I do n't think this is any different than many patients I 've seen who have excoriations and believe that there is something in their skin causing this . "
DeLeo says the open lesions are a result of scratching the skin .
Sibling Rivalry Disorder , Mathematics Disorder and Caffeine - Related Disorders
Maybe you never got along with your little brother or sister .
Perhaps numbers make your stomach turn , or maybe you drink a bit too much coffee for your own good .
If you 're like most people , none of these situations poses a real threat to your daily routine .
But take any of these situations and imagine them magnified exponentially .
Suddenly , you 're dealing with Sibling Rivalry Disorder , Mathematics Disorder or one of any number of Caffeine - Related Disorders .
Like some of the other diagnoses on this list , these conditions appear in one form or another in the DSM .
And Kupfer says there is a good reason for including them ; specifically , he says these collections of symptoms can often cause a certain level of personal distress or impairment -- the very definition of a disorder .
" In a way , what we are looking for is to diagnose things reliably to allow individuals to seek treatment , " Kupfer says .
With regard to Sibling Rivalry Disorder , treatment can mean counseling that could solve family problems or prevent future psychological conditions .
Teaching someone to cope with caffeine abuse may save them from sleep - related problems .
It is in these situations , Kupfer says , that labeling such conditions as disorders is helpful .
But Hadler cautions that labeling can also have its downsides .
" A label will always change your self perception , " he says .
" Sometimes it elicits a positive change , sometimes a negative one . "
And as far as Mathematics Disorder goes , most are skeptical that receiving such a diagnosis will get you much pity from your teachers .
" Would anybody actually say , ' I have math disorder and I 'm getting treatment , and that 's why I 'm not successful ' ? " asks Dr. Dost Ongur , clinical director of the schizophrenia and bipolar disorder program at Harvard University 's McLean Hospital in Belmont , Mass .
" No , you would never get something like that .
Math disorder is not like diabetes . "
Oppositional Defiant Disorder ( ODD )
Oppositional Defiant Disorder , or ODD for short , is a diagnosis that is applied to children who display such frequent and aggressive defiance of their parents that it disrupts the lives of those within the family .
According to the Mayo Clinic
Web site , as many as one in 10 children may have oppositional defiant disorder in a lifetime , and it is often associated with other childhood behavioral disorders , such as ADD .
Galynker says the roots of this disorder are most likely genetic ; aggression , he says , is one of the most highly inherited qualities .
And genetic links to the kind of aggression seen in children with ODD have been proven in twin studies .
Based on this , he says , ODD is likely a very real disorder .
" It 's their internal characteristic to argue with their parents , " he says .
" Some deal better with this , while others deal worse . "
An official diagnosis of ODD would likely be met first with counseling , and later with medications to help control a child 's behavior .
Parents may also receive counseling in order to learn more about how to control their children 's behavior .
But many would argue that the blame should be more squarely placed on nurture than nature -- in order words , that parenting styles are more likely to be responsible for this disorder than genes .
Ongur says it is little surprise that this may be the commonly held perception .
" For these disorders , I think it makes sense for the lay person to have that kind of reaction -- not because they are fake disorders , but because of the way it plays out in society , " he notes .
Hadler , however , has a different take -- that ODD is yet another example of the medicalization of commonly seen behavior .
" No young child can be a brat anymore , " he says .
" Now , what right do we have to do that ? "
Dissociative Fugue State
The stories are rare , but they are out there .
A successful lawyer -- a husband and father of two , active in his community -- disappears , only to be found six months later , living in a different city under a new name in a homeless shelter .
A man without an identity walks into a hospital , saying he woke up on the street with no wallet or identification , and says he has no idea who he is .
His family locates him two weeks later , after which he returns to normal .
Such cases are examples of dissociative fugue state .
In these cases , an individual will disappear , leaving everything behind -- including their memories and identity .
In some cases , the sufferer even assumes a new identity , which persists until they are reunited with their old surroundings and allowed to return to their old persona .
Few psychological disorders have attracted such wonder from the public -- and sparked so much debate among experts in the field .
Nowadays , most psychological experts agree that such cases are not simply about individuals running away from their problems , but , rather , a legitimate condition .
" The thing that people experience as ' fugue state ' does happen , " Ongur says .
" There are people who wake up in other cities and do n't know what has happened . "
The fugue state is actually part of a larger family of conditions known as dissociative memory disorders .
The trigger for these conditions is usually a traumatic event -- the death of a loved one , for example , or an extraordinarily stressful event at work .
It is also more common in those who bear past trauma from events like natural disasters and war .
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ( CFS )
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome , or CFS , has garnered additional support as a legitimate diagnosis in recent years .
Today , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) recognizes it as a condition that affects between 1 million and 4 million Americans .
Of these individuals , according to the CDC , only about half have consulted a physician for their illness -- even though it has been known to cause serious impairment in some .
As the name implies , CFS is most often associated with severe , debilitating fatigue .
Non-specific pain and other symptoms are also common hallmarks of the condition , which is disproportionately experienced by women .
As the condition persists , patients will often become depressed at the current lack of proven treatments to remedy the problems they experience .
But while the condition is starting to receive more attention and support , the underlying causes largely remain a mystery .
Some have cited Epstein - Barr virus as a likely culprit .
Others point to anemia , while still others implicate allergies .
Perhaps it is for this reason that the borders of this diagnosis remain contentious at best .
Symptoms run the gamut from long - lasting flu - like symptoms to memory loss .
Treatment can involve antidepressants , antihistamines or acupuncture .
To Hadler , CFS seems less like an actual condition and more like a rapidly growing hodge - podge of symptoms associated with a number of different diagnoses that are becoming increasingly more prevalent .
" Now it overlaps with post - traumatic stress disorder , fibromyalgia -- all of these labels include symptoms of fatigue , " he says .
Still , dozens of studies -- many federally - funded -- are seeking answers as to the true nature of this condition .
Multiple Personality Disorder
It 's been the stuff of horror movies and big - screen comedies .
Yet , the truth behind Multiple Personality Disorder -- or Dissociative Identity Disorder ( DID ) , as it is known today -- is , in most cases , a far cry from these dramatic interpretations of this classic psychological condition .
" Even when a patient says it 's a different personality , it 's nothing magical , " Ongur says .
" When people describe it , it is really a very extreme version of the more familiar feeling of disintegration .
If you are under extreme stress or have had certain past experiences , the way the mind functions may actually break down . "
Those who experience DID will create at least one " alter " personality that manifests itself in certain situations -- in essence , " taking control " of one 's personality .
These changes occur involuntarily , and DID in its most severe forms can limit one 's ability to interact with others .
By the same token , the condition can occasionally go mostly unrecognized .
Football great Herschel Walker is just one example ; in his recently released book , " Breaking Free : My Life with Dissociative Identity Disorder , " Walker says his life was fragmented by a number of independent " alters " -- at least one of which led him to attempt suicide .
Ongur says early psychological trauma is one of the most common underlying causes of the disorder .
" When people describe these things , it is certainly often associated with a severe history of child abuse , " he says .
" This was one way for them to cope . "
And , as in Walker 's case , psychological treatment involves unifying the alters into a single personality -- allowing those who suffer from the condition to regain full control over their lives .
" The task is to get this person feeling whole again , " Ongur says .
Social Anxiety Disorder ( SAD )
If there is a success story among psychological conditions once considered spurious , it is that of Social Anxiety Disorder ( SAD ) , psychological experts say .
" The whole issue of social phobias was once considered something that was not very important , " Kupfer says .
" As we discovered , this can cause a tremendous amount of impairment , and there are a whole lot of issues developmentally which affected coping with it . "
In labeling this as a disorder , he says , medical professionals have been able to help millions of people who otherwise would have been told that they were simply shy .
Ongur agrees .
" It 's familiar to people because it 's shyness , but it 's really extreme shyness , " he says .
" It is something that can be very real and very impairing . "
Those who suffer from SAD often find themselves faced with seemingly insurmountable anxiety when it comes to interacting in certain social situations .
Most common are feelings of being watched , scrutinized and criticized by others .
So intense is this anxiety that it can sometimes lead to a panic attack .
In most cases , these fears are unreasonable .
Counseling can often help those who live in near - constant fear of being embarrassed or humiliated in front of others .
Coaching in social skills may also be needed in order to help those with SAD better integrate themselves into comfortable social circles .
" Social phobia ... is a relatively new diagnosis , " Galynker says .
" Many people have difficulty socializing , of course .
This is just a label to help treat people who have it . "
And Galynker says the changing perception of SAD and psychological conditions like it will hopefully help remove the stigma so often associated with such disorders .
" Everybody has a problem , really , " he says .
" Nobody does not have some sort of diagnosis . "
Katie Escherich contributed to this story
The Mathematica mailing list and internet newsgroup comp.soft-sys.math.mathematica ( called MathGroup for short ) have been in existence for more than twenty years now .
In January 2005 , we passed the 50,000 - message mark .
Now , in only a little more than four years , we have added another 50,000 .
I want to take this opportunity to talk about the history of this effort — how it was started and what is involved in its operation .
While it may sound like trials and tribulations , it is actually fun , and I have learned a lot about Mathematica and its uses and users , and about servers , the internet , and general social interactions over the years .
In the last part of the 80s , Stephen Wolfram and I both ended up at the University of Illinois in Urbana in buildings next to each other .
I was a Senior Research Scientist at NCSA and he was Director of his Complex Systems center .
At NCSA , one of my responsibilities was to locate and test scientific software for Sun workstations , which were an important element of our workstation network and also one of the machines Stephen was using to develop what became Mathematica .
In supporting workstation software , I created an email list for NCSA ’s users where they could ask about what software they might use and get information on what was new .
When Mathematica was released in 1988 , the mailing list I started morphed into a small group of people talking about how they might use Mathematica to do their work .
As Wolfram Research grew and there were more Mathematica users , the mailing list also grew .
I left Illinois in 1990 and brought the mailing list to Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
I still had access to the mail server at NCSA , but eventually the cost of dial up just got too expensive and I had to find a new place .
At first I did local dial up to UNC , and later Duke , which was a lot cheaper .
In 1994 , it was suggested to me that creating a Usenet newsgroup would be the next step .
There were enough messages per day that some readers started to complain that they wanted another way to read the posts .
At the time — pre-browser , pre-Google — newsgroups were a central aspect of internet communication .
I was made aware that some users in other countries had to pay for each email they got , so providing a new place to post was very important to them .
Starting a newsgroup was a tedious process that involved proposals , voting , central authority approvals , and so on .
It took about six months of effort to get the newsgroup started .
Perhaps the most aggravating part of it was the group name .
I wanted something simple like comp.
mathematica or sci.mathematica , but the powers that be said that I had to use comp.soft-sys.math.mathematica .
This seemed kind of redundant , but rules were rules .
The proposal was put out to the mailing list on December 1 , 1994 to encourage enough yes votes .
It did pass , and the newsgroup started on April 7 , 1995 with message number mg660 .
From then on , the number of posts grew quickly due to the visibility on Usenet and the growing user base .
At this same time , I also started the sunfreeware.com project for Sun Microsystems .
I had been very interested in open source software from my NCSA days and during time serving on the Sun Users Group board of directors .
Running both projects very quickly overwhelmed my single server and made me less than popular at the organizations that were loaning me Internet connections .
My one - person consulting company was forced to buy a fractional T1 line , which at that time cost about $ 1000 a month or so .
It was a struggle .
In the next two years , both projects grew quickly .
The fractional T1 line became a full T1 , then two T1s a year after that , and finally four T1s less than a year later .
The phone company technical guy who installed the two final T1s watched the traffic when he turned on the circuits and saw them max out instantly .
I am sure he thought I must be running a less - than - savory site by the look he gave me , but I assured him it was just software downloads and mail .
Eventually , the ISP that I was using called me and said that they had to drop me from their customer list .
My traffic was burdening their local system in Raleigh so much that their other current customers were complaining and they could not add new customers .
I was hurting their business and they gave me two months to get off .
The local phone company that owned the circuits to my office said they also could not put more bandwidth there .
I was forced to move my servers to a colocation site .
The rack space I rented had a 10 - megabit and later a 20 - megabit dedicated circuit at $ 4000 a month along with one T1 line back to my office and a backup cable - modem circuit .
Fortunately , by this time my business had grown and I could ( sort of ) afford the cost .
I continued to update my Sun servers and development machines .
The number of mailing list readers passed 2,000 and the number of posts per day passed 20 , and that meant that roughly 40,000 emails had to go out daily .
I urged readers to move to the newsgroup as much as possible to avoid delays due to mass mailing , and this did help .
But outgoing emails were no longer the only concern .
As we all know , spam has grown into a monumental problem .
If your email address was on the web anywhere , you got spam very quickly .
The amount of spam that came to the newsgroup and mailing list addresses grew from maybe 10 per day to hundreds to now about 2,000 a day , or roughly 20 - 50 spam messages to each authentic post .
Thus , it is not just outgoing mail that my servers have to deal with , but incoming as well .
To confront this problem as it got worse , I wrote my own little spam filters , then when those failed , I used open source systems like spamassassin .
But with thousands of messages to examine each day , my mail server slowed down to the point of uselessness .
Finally , when Google mail came along , I forwarded all my incoming mail there to use their spam filters , which can be trained to some extent .
This had a remarkable effect .
The 1 % or so of spam that got through the Google filters would come to my Thunderbird mail client , where its filters would clean up almost all of the rest .
Periodically , I would run scripts on the spam folders to look for false positives , which , as time went on , were fewer and fewer .
One other communication issue I have to deal with is with ISPs and internet mail hosts .
Comcast , AOL , and Yahoo periodically decide that posts from MathGroup are spam and my mail server gets blacklisted .
Readers on the mailing list complain when all of a sudden they are not getting group mail .
The hard part comes when I get a complaint email and then try to respond that mail .
The response gets blocked as well .
I have to go to another of my email accounts and send the message from there to say I know about the issue and will try to fix it .
Eventually , after dealing with the ISPs and cable companies directly and making no progress , I have given up .
Users are now told to complain to their email providers themselves or move to the newsgroup .
As I write this , my logs tell me that Yahoo has decided to reject messages .
There are lots of other problems , but you get the idea .
Newsgroups also present problems .
When I send out the posts to the newsgroup , they have to go to news servers at my ISP and elsewhere .
On occasion , these servers fail or get confused and posts do n’t get out .
It can , and recently did , take several days for my ISP to figure out why my posts are not going out .
And , since there is no way for me to post to the newsgroup to tell people the group is not working , I start getting emails wondering about that .
I think my ISP may be getting tired of middle - of - the - night tech calls about this .
I am probably going to buy access to one of the commercial news server sites to act as my primary or backup to avoid this .
The bandwidth and server parts of the project turned out to be straightforward to solve compared to the actual work of running the group and other projects .
As with all newsgroups and mailing lists , a set of moderation rules had to be devised .
The controversy about this and the cries of “ censorship ” in my email box and in other newsgroups got really strident sometimes .
At first , I tried to respond in a nice way , but finally decided to just ignore it all .
It seemed to me the main issues revolved around two things .
First , there were those folks who just loved , or had their own vested interest in , some other computer algebra system .
Basically , lots of “ my system is better than your system ” emails that I refuse to post .
Second were those people who just hated me , Mathematica , Wolfram Research , and so forth .
The four - letter words directed at me , the flames hot enough to melt steel , and threats to start newsgroups to counter mine where fascinating , but eventually died off pretty much or I just ignored them .
Anyway , getting away from all of this , how does a message that comes to me get processed ?
A post comes to me as email no matter how it is posted .
Each post goes into a folder I call “ new ” .
( In the last minute , three have shown up . )
Once I get maybe twenty in that folder , I sort them by user to look for duplicates .
You would be surprised how many times messages get mailed twice or more .
I then run a script on the new folder to split them up into numbered messages — mg100000 , for example .
Next , I run other scripts that clean up mail headers that are not needed .
I then run tests on each message looking for common problems that I need to fix .
The most important of these are HTML and other attachments .
One of the rules of the group is that there are no attachments and no HTML .
This is for security reasons and to accommodate older email clients .
It is common these days for email clients to think that emails with attachments are spam or contain viruses .
I decided to reject all attachments .
This requires that I edit out HTML and also contact authors to tell them that they must put their attachments somewhere else to be downloaded .
I tried once to reject all emails with HTML attachments , but with thousands of users using every imaginable email client , it was fruitless and time - consuming to reject each post , so I just edit them myself .
I finally read the messages several times for content .
Sometimes , I get emails asking for the price or availability of Mathematica , or some other non-technical post .
These are answered by me with the appropriate pointers to the web .
Other emails are just so simple I answer them myself or insist on more information .
Basically , if the question might be remotely interesting to a Mathematica user , I let it through and let the many readers do the “ scolding ” , redirection , or “ hand - holding ” .
Of course , there are still flames and sometimes personal comments or attacks , and I try to filter these also .
Once posts are acceptable , I run more scripts that prepare the messages for either the mailing list or the newsgroup and send them out .
I send every message back to myself several ways just to make sure they are going out and if not , figure where the problem might be .
The result is what everyone sees .
I make mistakes of course , which I hope are not too horrible .
Needless to say , all of this is not nearly as important ultimately as the actual people who generously give their time and expertise to answer and discuss the posts .
There are perhaps thirty or so readers inside and outside of Wolfram Research who , for years now , have been doing a remarkable job of helping both new and expert Mathematica , and now Wolfram| Alpha , users day in and day out .
They , along with everyone who contributes , do the real work .
I was honored to be a student and friend of Bryce DeWitt , who some of you know was one of the finest theoretical physicists of the last 100 years .
One of the things he told me back in the 70s was , “ Make sure all your projects are useful , work that will still be valuable to others twenty years from now . ”
It is with this in mind that I have tried to keep the mailing list and newsgroup running and hope to continue to do so .
The goal has always been to provide a place where Mathematica users and developers can get help or discuss any technical Mathematica - related topic .
I am told that many new ideas on how to improve Mathematica have been found by the software geniuses inside Wolfram Research in the posts .
This is great — just what I want to see .
Thanks very much to Stephen Wolfram , everyone at Wolfram Research , and all the readers and contributors for all the support and encouragement to me and to all Mathematica users .
I have sincerely appreciated the many email thank - yous I have received since message 100,000 .
The current list of rules , information on how to join and use the group , and other information can be found here .
Everyone who joins the mailing list gets a copy of the rules .
Archives of posts back to 1989 are online too .
Do you like this video ?
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
The New John Connor Chronicles
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
Add a photo to this gallery
The Terminator characters of the Terminator franchise .
The New John Connor Chronicles
Community content is available under CC - BY - SA unless otherwise noted .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates abruptly removed the top US commander from Afghanistan Monday , replacing him with a general whose background in special operations may signal a desire to further refine the military strategy there .
Gates 's nominee , Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , led Joint Special Operations Command until last year , and " his focus and his background are very relevant to our needs there , " Secretary Gates said at a Pentagon press conference Monday .
Some analysts believe the mission in Afghanistan needs a greater focus on special operations , because such missions involve relatively few troops but can have a large impact .
General McChrystal , for example , is credited with overseeing the attack that killed Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , the head of Al Qaeda in Iraq , in 2006 .
If confirmed by the Senate , he will replace Gen. David McKiernan , who has been criticized in some quarters for lacking new ideas on how to implement President Obama 's strategy for Afghanistan .
Gates said McChrystal will bring " fresh eyes " to the worsening security situation in Afghanistan , where attacks are up 73 percent compared with last year , according to NATO .
" That 's the challenge that we give to the new leadership , " said Gates .
" How do we do better ?
What new ideas do you have ?
What fresh thinking do you have ?
Are there different ways of accomplishing our goals ? "
The firing harked back to 2006 , when President Bush replaced the top commander in Iraq , Gen. George Casey , with Gen. David Petraeus about the same time he " surged " troops there under a new strategy .
Likewise , Mr. Obama announced a new strategy for Afghanistan this spring , committing more than 21,000 additional troops to the country and sending a new ambassador two weeks ago .
On Monday , Gates also nominated his own chief of staff , Lt. Gen .
David Rodriguez , to a newly created position in Kabul that will oversee day - to - day operations .
This is expected to result in greater US control over the multinational mission there .
Both McChrystal and General Rodriguez have recent experience in Afghanistan .
McChrystal , who now heads the Joint Staff at the Pentagon under Adm .
Mike Mullen , has mostly stayed behind the scenes , given his background in special operations .
But he has recently led an effort to have certain units redeploy to the same places in Afghanistan again and again in order to build longer - term relationships with the population .
The plan is still in the development stage .
Before Rodriguez became Gates 's chief of staff last year , he was thecommander of the 82nd Airborne Division in the eastern region of Afghanistan , where the US - led counterinsurgency effort is seen ashaving some success .
Gates stressed that Rodriguez 's knowledge of Afghanistan is essential .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version misstated Rodriguez 's command in eastern Afghanistan . ]
Gates has earned a reputation for firing top Pentagon officials for poor performance , but he offered no details about why he asked General McKiernan to resign .
McKiernan did " nothing wrong and there was nothing specific , " Gates said .
McKiernan had long been vocal about the need for more troops – and was about to receive much of what he had asked for .
But he had asked for an additional 10,000 troops on top of what Obama is already sending – a request Gates has said he would be loath to approve .
But Gates said Monday that the difference of opinion on troop strength had nothing to do with his decision .
Administration officials may have been looking for a way to animate Obama 's new strategy with new leadership , some experts say .
While Gates credited McKiernan with reducing civilian casualties – a key factor in an effective counterinsurgency – McKiernan 's low - key leadership style drew some criticism .
" It 's an important break from the Bush administration , " says one Senate staffer , who could speak to the press only on the condition that his name not be used .
" It 's actually a very encouraging sign . "
There has been concern in Washington that McKiernan had yet to figure out a way to implement the new strategy Obama released this spring .
The apparent lack of what 's known as a " joint campaign plan " – a document that would detail the way in which American forces would operate under the new strategy – gave rise to fears in some quarters that McKiernan did n't have new ideas .
McKiernan was also perceived to be too accepting of the command - and - control structure in Afghanistan , which is split among individuals from various countries .
McKiernan had said that the system was not ideal , but that he could work around it .
Policymakers in Washington and other military officials , however , believed a change was needed to make the US more effective .
ST . LOUIS , May 17 .-- The official order of the Governor and the Adjutant - General disbanding the Missouri militia arrived to - day .
This action is the result of the refusal of the Legislature to appropriate funds for the support of the militia , and of a request of the organizations that it be disbanded .
The First , Second , Third , Fifth and Seventh Regiments are now disbanded , and the only organization left in the city now is a light cavalry company .
View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Amid softened tensions between Israel and the US after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech on Sunday , a familiar face is edging his way into the melee : Jimmy Carter .
On Tuesday , the former president capped a week - long tour of the Middle East by meeting senior Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh in the Gaza Strip .
Mr. Carter has been shunned in the past by both the Bush administration and Israeli leaders , who criticized his efforts to engage the militant Palestinian group that he says is crucial to any lasting Arab - Israeli peace .
But analysts say Carter 's ties with the more like - minded Obama administration , which has taken a firmer stand with Israel on some issues , may bolster his effectiveness as a regional peace broker .
" There is a big difference between Carter operating under Bush [ and ] Carter operating under Obama , " says Alon Liel , a former Israeli Foreign Ministry director general .
" His efforts had little value during the eight years of the Republicans .
They have greater value now .
He has access and connections with the leaders of [ the ] new America . "
Ahmed Yousef , a senior adviser to Mr. Haniyeh , also acknowledges Carter 's ties with Obama and potential to act as a go - between with the US , which considers Hamas to be a terrorist group .
As a result , Obama 's Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , has not met with Hamas leaders .
" He is close to President Obama and nobody in his type of position understands the conflict with all its problems like he does , " says Mr. Yousef in a phone interview .
" I think he will give Obama the information and analysis he needs to address this conflict in a proper way and to restore the image of America in the region after two decades of failed diplomacy . "
Hamas reportedly thwarted two bombs targeting Carter 's vehicle on Tuesday , according to Israeli newspaper Haaretz and news agencies .
Carter to Hamas : Accept US conditions for talks
On Tuesday in Gaza and last week in the Syrian capital , where Hamas chief Khaled Meshaal lives , Mr. Carter urged the militant group ruling Gaza to accept the conditions for talks laid out by the international community , including renouncing violence , accepting previous Israeli - Palestinian agreements , and recognizing the Jewish state 's right to exist .
" I called on Hamas leaders that I met with in Damascus and I told Hamas leaders in Gaza today to accept these conditions , " said Carter to reporters after meeting with Haniyeh for the first time .
" They made several statements , and showed readiness to join the peace [ process ] and move towards establishing a just and independent Palestinian state . "
Haniyeh , who welcomed the " new spirit " of the US as evidenced in Obama 's June 4 Cairo speech , said Hamas will support a Palestinian state on 1967 borders , provided it would be under " full Palestinian sovereignty . "
Why Israeli settler met with Carter
In Israel , whose government also considers Hamas a terrorist organization , Carter has on recent trips met with a cool reception – or no reception .
But this time , he visited the Knesset and met with Israel 's security cabinet .
Even Shaul Goldstein , a prominent West Bank settler , agreed to meet him .
" Nobody in his position ever agreed to meet settlers .
People wo n't meet settlers , " says Mr. Goldstein , who heads the regional council of the Gush Etzion settlements in the Israeli - occupied West Bank .
" Carter is not the enemy , " he says .
" Maybe he 's talking to the enemy .
But Carter is not a terrorist , and he 's not part of Hamas .
The main goal is a dialogue , not a monologue .
It is very important in the future to meet this kind of person . "
In a surprising move , Carter said the settlements should be allowed to remain part of Israel .
' Not a giant step for mankind , Mideast peace '
The official charter of Hamas calls for the destruction of Israel , and it has provoked Israeli anger by firing rockets across the Gaza border and kidnapping an Israeli soldier , Cpl. Gilad Shalit .
Both Israelis and Palestinians see potential for Carter to facilitate a prisoner exchange .
Mr. Shalit 's parents reportedly gave him a letter to deliver to their son , and Hamas expressed hope that he could help free Palestinians .
" We are encouraging the talks to reach an honorable prisoners ' exchange deal with Israel , " said Haniyeh .
" We welcome all the efforts ... in which Mr. Carter can help in order to reach a prisoners ' exchange deal . "
But foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor downplays Carter 's role .
" It 's not a giant step for mankind and for peace in the Middle East , " he said , calling it a " humanitarian perk " Shalit and his parents .
The key , Mr. Palmor says , is to look at tangible results .
" It 's very simple .
Are there tangible results from bringing together people from different spheres and making them listen to each other ? " he asks .
" If the answer is yes , if you can point to concrete projects that have seen the light of day , and real improvement – however modest – in Israel - Arab relations , then this is a positive action .
If there are no tangible results , then we should either be patient and wait , or conclude that these efforts are completely inefficient for the moment . "
Hamas : ' Carter is the messenger we trust '
Carter , who said he was moved almost to tears by the situation in Gaza , promised to bring a " report " of the destruction he saw to Obama , as well as to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and US Middle East envoy , George Mitchell .
" Someone as high - profile as Carter , coming to the region to meet with Hamas and the government of Ismail Haniyeh but also [ Palestinian Authority ] President [ Mahmoud ]
Abbas , is very positive , " says Mr. Yousef .
" He can convey messages to President Obama about the situation in Gaza and in the West Bank and the consequences this blockade has had on our lives .
Carter is the messenger that we trust – and that the world community trusts . "
• Safwat al - Kahlout in Gaza City and Joshua Mitnick in Tel Aviv contributed reporting .
SPOKANE -- Spokane is having a problem with too many ground squirrels at the Finch Arboretum
So the Parks and Recreation department is going to use a special machine to detonate some of the 100 to 150 rodents that are tearing up the grounds .
The machine is called the Rodenator Pro .
It pumps propane and oxygen into the tunnels of squirrels , then sends an electric spark that causes an explosion .
The shock waves kill the squirrels and collapse their tunnels .
The parks department says the Rodenator is a humane way to kill the squirrels .
But it warns area residents that the explosions sound like gun shots , and to not to alarmed by them all week .
-- The Associated Press
The drug resistance was first detected in Pailin province in western Cambodia
By Jill McGivering
BBC World Service , Cambodia
In a small community in Western Cambodia , scientists are puzzling over why malaria parasites seem to be developing a resistance to drugs - and fearing the consequences .
Ten days ago , Chhem Bunchhin , a teacher in Battambang Province , became ill with chills , fever , headache and vomiting .
At a nearby health centre he was treated with drugs considered a " silver bullet " in the battle against falciparum malaria .
This treatment with artesunate drugs was part of a clinical study being carried out by the US Armed Forces Research Institute of Medical Science ( AFRIMS ) .
In the past , artesunates have always cleared malaria parasites from the blood in two or three days .
But after four days of monitored treatment , Chhem Bunchhin was still testing positive for parasites .
The anti-malarial drugs worked more slowly in Chhem Bunchhin Dr Delia Bethell , an investigator working on the clinical trials , said he was n't alone .
Out of about 90 patients included in the study so far , roughly a third to half were still positive for malaria parasites after three days , some even after four or five days .
" It appears that the artesunate is working more slowly than previously , " she said .
" It appears that the parasite probably is developing some kind of tolerance or is somehow less sensitive to the effects of the drug .
But nobody knows why that might be . "
These early results need to be more thoroughly investigated , she said .
The concern is that this could be the start of emerging resistance to the artemesinin family of drugs .
If full - blown resistance did develop , it would be extremely dire .
" This is by far the most effective drug we have , " explained Dr Bethell .
" And there are no new drugs coming through the system in the next few years . "
Scientists are particularly concerned because the last two generations of anti-malarial drugs were undermined by resistance .
Dr Delia
Bethell says the reason for the resistance is a mystery
And in those earlier cases , resistance also started in Western Cambodia , and in a similar way .
No -one is sure why this area seems to have become a nursery for anti-malaria drug resistance .
One factor could be the inappropriate use of drugs , related to a lack of medical supervision .
The public health system is weak .
Government clinics often run out of drugs or may be closed when patients want access to them .
Instead , many patients visit private pharmacies to buy anti-malarial drugs there .
Coloured tablets I visited one small drugs stall in Pailin 's general market , sandwiched between a clothes outlet and a general grocery store .
All pharmacies are supposed to be licensed .
But the stallholder told me he did n't have a licence .
He 'd applied for one , he said , but the paperwork had never been processed .
Many others running pharmacies , he said , were in the same position .
I watched him and his wife make up their own packets of drugs on the glass - topped counter , shaking a variety of coloured tablets into unlabelled plastic bags .
In many such private pharmacies , the customers choose what they want , deciding partly by price .
The quality of the advice they get varies enormously .
If , as a result , they end up taking the wrong drugs in the wrong combinations , this too can fuel drug resistance .
The availability of many counterfeit drugs on the market only compounds the problem .
Villagers are happy to queue to receive mosquito nets Professor Nick Day , director of the Mahidol - Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Unit , is also running clinical trials in the region .
He and his team have also found that artesunate - type drugs are starting to become less effective .
This resistance must be contained urgently , because its spread would be a global health disaster , he said .
Resistance to previous malaria drugs caused major loss of life in Africa , he said .
" If the same thing happens again , the spread of a resistant parasite from Asia to Africa , then that will have devastating consequences for malaria control . "
In a clearing in the jungle , about one and a half hours drive from Pailin along rough dirt roads , I watched health workers distribute mosquito nets to about 200 villagers .
It 's one of a series of measures being rushed through to stop the spread of resistant parasites .
If they 're not contained , history may repeat itself - and the fear is that many millions of people worldwide will lose their protection against this deadly disease .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The recent growth of wave power has many scientists concerned about its potential impact on ocean life .
Â
But a start - up called Swell Fuel claims that its small - scale wave power generators could actually benefit the deep sea environment .
Swell Fuel ’s Trojan
Horse wave power converter consists a buoy that supports a lever that moves up and down with the waves .
The device moves into a protective position during storms and high tide .
According to Swell Fuel , Trojan Horses can arranged in an offshore energy farm to scale up .
In addition to providing 100 kilowatts of power each , Swell Fuel claims that its wave power generators can actually promote coral reef restoration with low - voltage electricity that stimulates growth .
A number of companies , such as Mars Symboscience in Indonesia and Samkun Powertec in South Korea , are testing out Swell Fuel units .
But the company has plenty of competition in the wave energy arena .
A proof - of - concept version of Checkmate Energy ’s Anaconda wave power device was unveiled earlier this week , and the start - up hopes to have numerous Anacondas installed off the coast of England by 2014 .
Other companies working on wave power devices include Pelamis and Seagen .
[ Swell Fuel via Cleantechnica ]
Vendredi 5 juin 2009 à 20h30 , le collectif Sauvons les riches a mis un flamboyant point final à sa campagne européenne .
Forts de nos relais embusqués au cœur même de l’oligarchie , nous avons déniché une réserve naturelle de riches à l’état presque sauvage , protégés du monde extérieur par leur barrière d’argent .
Le PDG de la branche médias du marchand d’armes Lagardère ( Paris Match , Europe 1 , Elle , JDD … ) , Didier Quillot , avait en effet eu la bonne idée de fêter son anniversaire à bord d’un yacht amarré quai Henri IV , et d’y inviter toute la jet - set politico - médiatico - business la plus ringardos de Paris .
A quelques centaines de mètres de là , Yann - Arthus Bertrand projetait en bas de la Tour - Eiffel Home son film - manifeste en hommage à notre maison - mère , la Terre .
Vingt - quatre heures plus tôt , les salariés de Didier Quillot avaient voté la grève pour lundi , en protestation contre les suppressions d’emplois annoncées .
Le PDG demande à ses employés de faire des sacrifices , et arbore en grande pompe son train de vie le plus clinquant .
D’après notre enquête , la location du bateau « L’Excellence » a coûté au bas mot 30.000 euros la soirée !
Et je sens que le thème de la soirée va beaucoup plaire aux syndicalistes de Lagardère : « La croisière s’amuse » ( sic ) !
Déguisés en pirates , les sauveurs de riches se sont donc postés à l’entrée du ponton pour intercepter les riches , au son de la BO de la Croisière s’amuse , et leur demander de signer notre pétition réclamant la proposition d’Europe - Ecologie : limiter les revenus supérieurs à 40.000 euros par mois .
Nous fûmes servis !
Une avalanche de Boat - people a déferlé sur le collectif qui ne savait presque plus où donner de la tête , au beau milieu d’un ballet de grosses voitures aux vitres teintées .
Mais tous sont passés sous nos fourches caudines …
Nous avons arraisonné le bateau , mais avons - nous pour autant réussi à ramener ses occupants à la raison ?
Au moment de notre arrivée , le télégénique philosophe , Michel Field , devisait déjà une coupe à la main sur le bateau .
Il était rejoint dès 20h40 par un contestataire bien connu , Bruno Gaccio , fondateur des Guignols de l’info .
20h48 , premier gros poisson : Jean - Marie Messier , alias J6 M , jadis étrillé par le précédent convive , avec qui il allait trinquer sans remords .
Il a signé notre pétition et en a même rempli les trois entrées .
Nom : « JMM » .
Prénom : « MMM » . Salaire : « 1 euro symbolique » .
Bref , du menu fretin , du maître du monde sur le retour venu gratter un petit fou pas cher .
A peine le temps de respirer qu’arrive une nouvelle tête connue : Chouchou !
Mais oui Chouchou : pas Gad Elmaleh , Xavier Bertrand !
Pour la dernière soirée de campagne , le secrétaire général du parti présidentiel n’a rien de plus urgent à faire que de festoyer au milieu de ses amis millionnaires .
Incroyable , mais tristement vrai .
« Pas trop dur cette fin de campagne , chouchou ? »
Un sourire , mais pas de réponse , et encore moins de signature !
On respire un peu avec l’arrivée de l’intelligentsia lagardérienne dignement représentée par Faustine Bollaert et Jean - Marc Morandini , qui refusent eux aussi la pétition .
L’inimitable Jean - Luc Reichman , animateur des Z’amours , ne nous jette pas un regard non plus .
Thierry Ardisson , grassement payé pour conseiller Didier Quillot , nous jette un regard , mais avec des yeux un peu vides .
La densité en jet - setters de luxe augmente encore un peu avec l’entrée en piste de patrons des médias comme l’ex - PDG de Canal Plus , Xavier Couture , ou Alexandre Bompard , PDG de Radio Sarko d’Europe 1 .
En parlant de Sarkozy , voilà la silhouette de Jean - Pierre Elkabbach .
Haie d’honneur pour le roi des courtisans .
Spécial hommage à l’inoubliable commentateur du couronnement de « l’empereur » Bokassa en 1977 .
C’est vraiment une grande soirée pour la presse libre .
L’ambiance décolle à nouveau avec l’arrivée de Dove Attia , juré de la Nouvelle Star puis de Pascal Nègre , manifestement un peu éméché , qui prétend être tout à fait en accord avec notre pétition , car lui « ne gagne pas beaucoup d’argent » .
Ben tiens , PDG d’Universal Music , c’est sûr que c’est juste un job d’appoint !
Très en verve , il revient exprès du yacht pour nous expliquer que Bernard Lavilliers aussi se méfiait de la taxation des riches , parce que ça pouvait arriver à n’importe qui .
Ah ah , ça ne fait rire personne mais je crois qu’il n’est plus en état de s’en rendre compte .
Le publicitaire Stéphane Fouks est aussi de la partie , à qui nous rappelons que nous avons déjà « sauvé » son collègue Jacques Séguéla , avec qui il partage une grande amitié envers le dictateur camerounais Paul Biya .
Mais le clou du spectacle de cette caricature de soirée VIP arrive vers 21h30 .
Une énorme Mercedes à chauffeur arrive jusqu ’au port .
Derrière les vitres noires , on reconnaît bien sûr Arielle Dombasle et BHL .
Tout le monde à genou devant les princes des nuits parisiennes .
Étrangement , BHL est avenant sans tarte meringuée sur le visage .
Il mérite amplement le prix « Jean Sarkozy » de la bonne figure , puisqu’il connaissait déjà très bien Sauvons les riches et désire ardemment en parler plus longuement avec nous .
Rendez - vous est pris pour convaincre le richissime philosophe nu sous sa veste .
Une grande victoire .
Arielle Dombasle , elle , semble atterrir de Saturne ( au moins ) .
Haie d’honneur pour les Sartre et Beauvoir de notre siècle !
Ils ont bien mérité de l’oligarchie .
Au moment du départ du yacht , notre troupe chante « Joyeux anniversaire » au mégaphone , en ajoutant : « Ça va , c’est pas trop dur la crise pour vous ? » et autres « Bon courage pour la grève de lundi ! ».
Petite crispation à bord du bateau qui s’éloigne .
Bilan de ce « Grenelle du Yacht » improvisé : Sauvons les riches a rappelé que les différents segments des élites se serrent toujours aussi bien les coudes : armes , UMP , télévision et méga - bilan - carbone font toujours bon ménage .
A 48 heures d’une élection capitale , cette confirmation n’est pas inutile !
Manuel Domergue ( Sauvons les riches )
Réagissez à l’article
One star Amazon reviews of classic movies , music and literature .
Today we take a look at Catcher in the Rye :
I am very open minded when it comes to literature ( I even read through Mein Kampf without any objection ) but I just hated this book !
If it was n’t required reading , I would have stopped on the fourth page !
I think Salinger could have done much better !
This book is pathetic .
Many people called it a “ classic . ”
It ’s the book that killed John Lennon .
Oswald had a copy .
So I thought “ What the heck ? ” I then embarked on four hours of my life spent reading this complete testacle sack of a book ; four hours I will never get back , I might add .
The long and short of it is : the writing style is mundane and repetative , the crude language , while could be seen as “ liberating ” considering the time in which the book was written , becomes more numbing than anything else thereby losing its effect on the reader , and to wrap it all up , the boy is so unbelievably annoying , you find yourself applauding the pimp for slapping the crap out of him .
The only reason this book survived to the present day is more because of the folklore surrounding it , rather than the book itself .
J.R.R. Tolkien said to C.S. Lewis concerning Lewis ’s first book “ Clive , people who are willing to use the word ‘ bunk ’ are going to call this book ‘ bunk . ’
They do n’t know any better . ”
I am an educated man , and to call The Catcher in the Rye “ bunk ” is to give it far too high a praise .
THIS BOOK WAS HORRIBLE .
I AM IN HIGH SCHOOL AND WE HAD TO READ IT IN ONE OF MY ENGLISH CLASSES .
WE WERE TOLD THAT PEOPLE WANTED TO BAN IT AND I TOTALLY AGREE .
HOLDEN WAS JUST THIS LOW DOWN DEPRESSED PERSON THAT ALWAYS FELT SORRY FOR HIMSELF .
PLUS THIS BOOK HAD TOO MUCH BAD LANGUAGE AND SEXUAL CONTENT IN IT .
I ’M NOT THE TYPE OF TEENAGER EVERYONE THINKS ABOUT .
I DON ’T SWEAR , DO DRUGS OR SLEEP AROUND .
BUT WHEN I READ THIS BOOK , I FELT LIKE SWEARING BECAUSE THE WORDS WERE CARVED INTO MY MEMORY .
AND THEN WE HAD TO WRITE A PAPER ON IT USING WORDS HOLDEN USED .
I DIDN ’T USE ANY SWEAR WORDS AND GOT A BAD GRADE ON IT .
THIS BOOK REALLY MADE ME MAD .
I WOULDN ’T HAVE READ IT BUT I HAD TO FOR SCHOOL .
DO NOT READ IT !!!!!!
I have heard about this ‘ brilliant ” work of literture for many years .
But until now have never read it .
After reading it , I never missed anything .
This is nothing but a priviledge wuss trying to be something that he never will be–a mature useful part of society .
He constantly whines , projects his uselessness on others and has little to no ability to see that the phoniness his so hates in others is nothing but his own personality reflecting back to him .
if he had to actually be responably for one second of his life and did n’t live of the wealth of his parents , maybe just maybe he might amount to something .
I wish I had the time i spent on reading this dreck back .
My god , probably the most boring , inconsequential book I ever read .
Thank god it ’s a short one though .
Spare yourself the trouble and read what wiki has to say about it , you wo n’t take away anything else from this piece of ****.
The book makes fun of “ Phony ” people , well , I say the “ Phony ” people are all those who recommend this book .
They only do it so they do n’t feel so bad they were the only ones that read it , kind of like the emperor ’s clothes .
Having said that , I dare you to find a book that says “… and all ” , “ … kills me ” and “ depressed ” more times than this one .
I do n’t know , maybe it ’s just me , maybe I missed something , but I thought this was the most pointless , boring , and redundant book I ever read .
There was no climax ; there was no meaning .
The supposed “ conflict ” was non-existent .
Just heed my advice :
Do n’t read the book .
Heck , even if you do , I ’m sure you ’ll throw it out after the first 10 pages .
Continue reading “ You Ca n’t Please Everyone – Catcher in the Rye ”
The iPhone can teach its users how to perform CPR , show them how to mix a White Russian and allow them to identify any song playing on the radio .
But for some owners of the Apple touch - screen device , the 35,000 - plus applications lining the digital shelves of Apple ’s App Store are not enough .
If you want to use your iPhone as a video camera , send a photo message or hook it up to your laptop to connect to the Internet , there ’s no app for that .
Or at least , no official app .
Through the efforts of developers and hobbyists , the Web is teeming with unauthorized applications for the iPhone and the iPod Touch , and there are even some independent online application stores .
However , in order to use these programs , iPhone owners have to “ jailbreak ” their device  downloading a bit of software that bypasses Apple ’s restrictions and allows the installation of unsanctioned third - party programs .
Depuis sa création , en 2005 , Paracamplus a édité 7 ouvrages de cours et d’annales pour des enseignements d’informatique principalement délivrés à l’UPMC .
Mais aussi deux MOOC gratuits :
Se fondant sur des expériences pédagogiques pionnières débutées en 2002 , Paracamplus conçoit et déploie , depuis 2008 , l ’infrastructure de notation automatisée de programmes nommée CodeGradX .
Hoteliers in a holiday resort in the Austrian Tyrol have reacted angrily to the owner of a guesthouse who turned a family away because they were Jewish .
The family of five were told they could not book rooms at Haus Sonnenhof , in the resort of Serfaus , because the hotel had had " bad experience " with Jewish guests in the past .
The owner , Irmgard Monz , has confirmed that she sent the family a letter saying : " Based on our past bad experience in 2008 with Jewish guests , we no longer want to put them up . "
When the Austrian press contacted her , Monz refused to elaborate , saying only that she reserved the right to host whomever she wanted .
The mayor of Serfaus , Georg Mangott , defended Monz 's right to refuse guests , and said the incident should not be interpreted as antisemitic .
But other hoteliers and tourism representatives in the resort town , which has become a popular destination for Orthodox Jews in recent years , are up in arms about Monz 's response , made public when the family reported the incident to the Jewish cultural committee in Vienna .
" This is not acceptable , " said Joe Margreiter , head of promotion for the Tyrol region , adding that the incident had the potential to undermine the efforts of recent years to attract new groups of tourists to the region .
Orthodox Jews have travelled to Serfaus and surrounding resorts in increasing numbers in recent years , drawn by the area 's clean , mountain air and its child friendliness , as well as hoteliers ' efforts to cater for their dietary and other religious needs .
Chefs have learnt to cook kosher food , and at least one local bakery produces kosher bread .
The man who tried to book the holiday said he now had no intention of going to Serfaus .
" I do n't want to take my holiday in such a racist nest , " he told the Tiroler Tageszeitung .
If you have any questions about the untimely death of a loved one , contact the lawyers of Cariati Law .
If you have been terminated from your employment without due cause , proper notice , or adequate compensation ; call Cariati Law right away .
Contact us if you or a loved one is seriously injured .
We ’ll make sure that your rights are protected .
You deserve honest answers and straight talk from a lawyer who will help you through a very difficult time .
When an accident happens that causes serious injury , and the accident was not your fault , you have certain rights to seek compensation .
The Toronto and Mississauga injury lawyers of Cariati Law help individuals and families through the legal process after being injured or suffering death from an accident .
When hurt in a car accident , injured in a slip and fall or any other type of accident , call Cariati Law to speak with an experienced Toronto and Mississauga personal injury lawyer for FREE at 905-629-8040 .
When you call Cariati Law you will receive a FREE , no obligation , confidential consultation .
We ’re here to help you through a difficult time .
When injured , make one call to the Toronto personal injury lawyers at Cariati Law .
We ’ll make sure that your rights are protected .
Fill out the form below for a Free Case Evaluation or call us at 905-629-8040 .
Cariati Law , passion behind every case .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
Six gay men were shot dead by members of their tribe in two separate incidents in the past 10 days , an official with Iraq 's Interior ministry said .
In the most recent attack , two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad after they were disowned by relatives , the official said .
Do n't Miss Iowa court backs gay marriage
The shootings came after a tribal meeting was held and the members decided to go after the victims .
On March 26 , four additional men were fatally shot in the same city , the official said , adding that the victims had also been disowned by their relatives .
The official declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media .
Witnesses told CNN that a Sadr City cafe , which was a popular gathering spot for gays , was also set on fire .
All About Iraq • Sadr City
( CNN ) --
The death toll climbed to at least 11 in a gas explosion from a cargo train on Monday in western Italy , a government official said Tuesday .
Flames engulf cars near the Viareggio railway station in western Italy on Monday .
A child was among the dead , said Antonio Garufi , the local government official .
The number of injured had risen to 36 , with 15 in critical condition .
Most of the injuries were burns .
The train was carrying gas tanks when it derailed and exploded while passing through a station in the coastal town of Viareggio .
The explosion happened about 11:45 p.m. ( 5:45 p.m. ET ) Monday .
The train was traveling from La Spezia to Pisa , Garufi said .
The station and a few nearby buildings caught fire and were evacuated , he added .
CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report
All About Italy
Honduran security forces Monday fired tear gas at angry protesters demanding the return of deposed President Manuel Zelaya , as leaders of the Western Hemisphere pressed for an end to Central America ’s first military coup in 16 years .
Troops in battle dress chased rock - throwing demonstrators through the downtown streets of Tegucigalpa , the capital , as a military helicopter whirred overhead .
At least 30 people were injured , a Red Cross official said .
One man reportedly died after being hit by a truck in an earlier incident .
Honduras found itself increasingly isolated a day after the army arrested Zelaya and deported him to Costa Rica .
President Obama said allowing the coup to stand would set a “ terrible precedent ” that evokes “ a dark past , ” and several Latin countries with leftist governments recalled their ambassadors from Tegucigalpa .
Honduras ’ de facto rulers also imposed a media blackout , preventing international newspapers from circulating and blocking access to Internet news sites and international cable television news networks .
Advertisement
Zelaya , a leftist whose efforts to change the constitution fueled opposition to his rule , appeared at a summit of regional heads of state in Managua , Nicaragua , and was invited to speak at the United Nations General Assembly today .
“ I want to return to my country , ” Zelaya said .
“ I am president of Honduras . ”
Zelaya said he would accept an offer by Organization of American States Secretary - General Jose Miguel Insulza to return to Honduras and would like to make the trip Thursday .
Despite nearly unanimous international condemnation of the coup , the man whom the Honduran Congress named to replace Zelaya remained defiant .
Advertisement
Roberto Micheletti said the Honduran Supreme Court backed the removal of Zelaya , whom it accused of violating the constitution .
Micheletti said Zelaya had used his close ties to Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez to drag Honduras to the radical left .
“ Eighty to 90 % of the Honduran population is happy with what happened , ” Micheletti told Honduran radio .
Honduras is , in fact , divided .
Zelaya has a strong following among the Honduran poor , but he alienated Congress , the Supreme Court and much of institutional Honduras .
In the streets of Tegucigalpa , protests were growing .
Several thousand Hondurans , including youths , teachers and workers , converged near the presidential palace early Monday , vowing to occupy the zone until Zelaya returned .
Advertisement
Chanting support for the president known by his nickname , Mel , protesters burned tires and set up makeshift barricades using bricks , stones and metal signs .
Some were armed with sticks and clubs and taunted the soldiers .
Smoke billowed and traffic snarled badly on blocked streets .
“ This is only the beginning , ” said demonstrator Felix Murillo Lopez , 37 , a high school teacher .
“ For sure , it ’s going to get bloody . ”
By afternoon , troops began cracking down .
They fired M - 16 rifles into the air and tear gas at groups of demonstrators , some of whom hurled stones and broke windows .
Most of the violence took place in an area a couple of blocks from the presidential palace , full of small restaurants like McDonald ’s and Burger King .
“ The soldiers beat us like dogs , ” declared Yamie Viera , 30 .
Advertisement
Anata Margarita Medina , a teacher , wept as she recalled how soldiers beat her with a rifle butt .
“ Then they dragged me and threw me down some stairs and insulted me and accused me of throwing rocks , ” she said .
“ I told them I had n’t , but they kept beating me on the back with their rifles . ”
The injured included people overcome by tear gas and some with bloodied heads , said Luis Reyes of the International Committee of the Red Cross as he bandaged one bleeding young man .
He said 30 people were treated at his station alone .
Bertha Oliva , a human rights activist in Honduras , said her group had reports of 60 people treated at a hospital .
Advertisement
“ These people causing this violence are digging their own tomb , ” Oliva said .
At one point , soldiers rushed into the lobby of the Marriott Hotel , about 100 yards from the presidential palace , to yank away a group of demonstrators who ’d sought refuge inside .
Earlier , workers at the telephone company were protesting the installation ’s takeover by about 50 troops .
One man was badly injured after being hit by a truck driven by soldiers and later died , his colleagues said .
The incident could not be independently verified .
The workers said they wanted to prevent soldiers from making off with the telecommunications equipment .
Before the violence around the presidential palace , demonstrators said they might not have agreed with all of Zelaya ’s policies , but that using the army to remove him was incorrect .
Advertisement
“ The president told the oligarchs that they were a bunch of corrupt people who were n’t democrats and who oppressed the people and who did n’t share their wealth , ” said Dalila Aparicio Colindres , a 53 - year - old teacher protesting in favor of Zelaya along with her 20 - year - old son .
“ They did n’t like it , and it made him their enemy . ”
“ I ’m here in the street to support democracy , ” said another demonstrator , Medardo Cardona Landa , an artist who teaches at the Fine Arts School .
Micheletti and the other people running Honduras argue that the removal of Zelaya -- and the installation of Micheletti -- was legal because Congress and the courts signed off on it .
After weeks of tension , the standoff between Zelaya and his many opponents came to a head over a vote he ’d scheduled for Sunday that asked Hondurans whether they ’d be interested in revising the constitution .
The Supreme Court , attorney general ’s office and military opposed holding the vote , deemed illegal because it was not endorsed by the electoral tribunal .
Many feared Zelaya was using the bid to extend his own time in office , as other Latin American leaders have done .
As it stands , the Honduran Constitution limits presidents to a four - year term .
Advertisement
Ramon Custodio , the national human rights commissioner , said the military action could not be called a coup .
“ We are returning to constitutional order , ” he told journalists in Tegucigalpa .
“ It was impossible to continue with such an authoritarian person . ”
In Washington , the Obama administration repeated its condemnation of the coup , despite ambivalence about Zelaya .
“ Our immediate priority is to restore full democratic and constitutional order in that country , ” Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said .
She urged dialogue .
Advertisement
Obama said Zelaya ’s ouster was “ not legal ” and he remained the recognized president of Honduras .
Countries with governments from left to right denounced the events in Honduras , from Venezuela ’s Chavez , who pledged to help Honduras “ resist , ” to conservatives such as Mexico ’s President Felipe Calderon .
The Organization of American States scheduled a meeting of foreign ministers today to debate whether Honduras should be suspended under rules that disqualify non-democratic regimes .
--
Advertisement
wilkinson@latimes.com
Renderos is a special correspondent .
The bubble of false reality corporate media have blown around the nomination of Sonia Maria Sotomayor begins with the racist rants of Limbaugh , O'Reilly , and a host of Republican senators and talking heads .
It encompasses a torrent of righteous air and ink denouncing the racists , along with an inspiring story of humble origins , hard work and determination to succeed .
It feeds the ongoing narrative of America 's ultimate triumph over old fashioned racism by allowing highly qualified and carefully vetted minorities to join its ruling elite .
And it includes the view of places like Business Week , which designate the nominee “ centrist ” and a “ moderate , ” a view that corporate media revealingly agree is nonpolitical , ” which means that the prerogatives of America 's business elite are not now and never will be up for discussion .
Absent from the conversation around the Sotomayor nomination are all but the most cursory review of her legal career before being appointed a federal judge by George Bush --- a mere twelve years of legal experience , five as a prosecutor for the D.A. 's office in Manhattan , and another seven as partner at the international law firm of Pavia & Harcourt .
Summaries of her decisions are hard to find .
Although much is made of the fact that she will be only the fifth judge not a white man to sit on the high court , few detailed comparisons are made between her legal career and those of Thurgood Marshall and Clarence Thomas .
Finally there are no attempts to discuss the unique , and not always positive role that the US Supreme Court plays or ought to play in the life of the country .
All these concerns are outside the bubble , not only for corporate media , but for the blogs and commentators who allow corporate media to draw the limits of their universe .
Sotomayor 's first job out of law school was as a prosecutor in the Manhattan D.A. 's office .
Her time as a prosecutor roughly coincides with the end of the first decade of New York 's infamous Rockerfeller drug laws , a time when our nation 's historically discriminatory law enforcement apparatus began locking up larger percentages of black and Latinos than anywhere else on the planet .
From there she moved on to a spot as associate , then partner at the international law firm of Pavia & Harcourt , and international law firm offering “ ... a full range of legal services to companies , individuals , and Italian and French governmental organizations and agencies ... who do business in the United States as well as American clients who do business in the U.S. and abroad . ”
Among Pavia & Harcourt 's areas of special focus are the enforcement of intellectual property laws , and obtaining writs of confiscation and seizure of goods believed to be in violation of such laws .
In this selection from Ed Shanahan 's IP Law & Business he assembles quotes from the Wall Street Journal , the National Journal and the New York Times that paint a picture of Sotomayor 's passionate involvement on behalf of her corporate clients :
... as the Wall Street Journal Washington
Wire blog further explains in this colorful post , the “ peak ” of her career at the firm “ came in representing Fendi in trademark actions against makers and sellers of counterfeit handbags and other items , according to George Pavia , the firm ’s managing partner . ”
Sotomayor , the WSJ reports , did n’t just fight for her clients in court .
“ Firm founder George Pavia told the paper that when the firm would get a tip about suspect cargo , investigators “ would trace where the shipment had gone — for example , to a warehouse or a store .
Then , working with police , the firm would seek a warrant to view and attach the items .
Often , the lawyers learned through experience , such visits would prompt angry responses from the merchants involved .
But Sotomayor , who became a high - profile defender of the brand , seemed to enjoy going along .
‘ On several occasions , ’ Pavia said , ‘ she went in wearing a Kevlar vest and seized the goods . ’ ”
( In this profile of Sotomayor , The New York Times adds to the judge ’s legend : “ One incident that figures largely in firm lore was a seizure in Chinatown , where the counterfeiters ran away , and Ms. Sotomayor got on a motorcycle and gave chase . ” )
“ The Journal also reports that Sotomayor played an integral role in what might be termed an IP publicity stunt aimed at calling attention to the then - growing problem of high - fashion knockoffs :
“ With Sotomayor in charge , the firm decided in 1986 to stage a bonfire — to be known as the ‘ Fendi Burn ’ — in the parking lot of the Tavern on the Green restaurant .
There was a catch , however : the New York Fire Department refused to permit it .
“ So the firm decided on the next best thing , crushing the items in garbage trucks , in an event that came to be known as the ‘ Fendi Crush . ’
“‘ In the presence of the press…we threw masses and masses of handbags , shoes , and other items into these garbage trucks , ’ Pavia said .
‘ It was the pinnacle of our achievement , and Sonia was the principal doer . ’”
No place on earth has more lawyers than the U.S. , and in the late 80s , early 90s , New York City had more lawyers than anywhere in the country .
This is how a young former prosecutor gets noticed and considered for the federal bench .
Maybe Democratic senators and the White House of George H.W. Bush took note of her on their own .
Maybe lobbyists and campaign contributors affiliated with her clients recommended her as someone who would look out for their interests .
Take your pick .
Either way , Bush put her on the federal bench in 1992 .
For the twelve years she was a prosecutor and in private practice , right up until her appointment to the U.S. District Court , Sotomayor spent evenings , weekends and personal time , as an active board member of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Committee .
During those years PRLDEF publicly opposed police brutality , the death penalty , felony disenfranchisement , and discrimination in housing and employment .
It filed lawsuits to protect the voting rights of minorities in New York and the human rights of migrant workers .
PRLDEF even sued an official of the Reagan administration for defamation over his public statement that most Puerto Ricans were on food stamps .
No reports we have seen say that she personally filed those suits or that she ever appeared in court on behalf of litigants in discrimination and other lawsuits .
As a board member she was reportedly involved in the planning and overall supervision of these activities .
After his graduation from Yale Law School in 1974 , Clarence Thomas attached himself directly to the Republican party as a black man squarely against equal rights under the law .
He became assistant attorney general in Missouri in 1974 , chief counsel for Senator Sam Brownback in 1978 , and in 1982 , chairman of the Office of Economic Opportunity under Ronald Reagan , where he publicly defied the Congress by sitting on thousands of age and race discrimination complaints till the statute of limitations ran out on them .
After only fourteen years as an attorney , Thomas had earned his appointment to the federal bench in 1989 , and shortly after that to the Supreme Court .
The only other nonwhite person to serve on the US Supreme Court in two centuries has been Thurgood Marshall .
Marshall ' graduated Howard University law school in 1933 , where he was mentored by Charles Hamilton Houston .
Houston was the architect of a decades - long crusade to use the courts to overthrow America 's Jim Crow segregation laws .
After less than a year of private practice , Marshall joined Houston at the NAACP , where he spent the next quarter century crisscrossing the country , sometimes at the risk of his own life , defending African Americans in court who were falsely accused of murder and rape .
Marshall took their cases , along with those of black people who directly challenged Jim Crow laws all the way to the Supreme Court where he won a phenomenal 29 out of 32 cases , including the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education , which ruled that separate school systems for blacks and whites were unconstitutional .
After 28 years of legal practice , far longer than either Thomas or Sotomayor , Marshall was named to the US Court of Appeals in 1961 , US Solicitor General in 1965 , and in 1967 was nominated to the Supreme Court by Lyndon Baines Johnson .
Before donning the black robe Marshall had already fundamentally changed the American legal landscape .
He had directly represented the poor and disenfranchised in the courts of dozens of states , raised money and public support for their legal defense .
By the 1950s , Marshall was known around the country as “ Mr. Civil Rights . ”
He is said to have taken a dim view of civil disobedience and many of the tactics of the Freedom Movement in the 1950s and 60s , but generally refrained from publicly voicing those sentiments , and defended some of them in court .
The comparative pre-judicial careers of these three seem to indicate that the speedy road to the federal bench is to be a useful right wing political operative like Thomas or a zealous advocate of multinational business , like Sotomayor .
Defending the poor and changing history seems to be a longer and much less certain way to get a federal judgeship .
Sonia Sotomayor is no Clarence Thomas , to be sure .
The PRLDEF did great work during the years she served on its board , but she can hardly claim sole credit for it .
In any case , PRLDEF was n't her full time job , and certainly not what got her on the federal bench .
She is no Thurgood Marshall either , not by a long shot .
There are still lawyers who devote most of their practice to defending the poor and disenfranchised , and an even larger number who file suits against giant corporations on behalf of ordinary people .
No matter their legal brilliance , those attorneys rarely get judicial appointments .
Why ?
No Supreme Court Justice since Marshall has represented a defendant in a criminal case , let alone a death penalty case .
Why ?
No Supreme Court Justices sued wealthy and powerful corporations on behalf of ordinary working and poor people either .
Why ?
Why should representing poor people as defendants in a court of law , or suing wealthy corporations on behalf of the ordinary people whose rights these powerful and immortal institutions trample upon every day rule a judgeship out of any lawyer 's future ?
Was that the founding fathers ' intent ?
More importantly , should it be ours ?
A frank discussion of what a democratic society should expect from its court system is also long overdue .
For the last generation , the courts have squatted squarely on the necks of working class Americans , relentlessly affirming the unearned privileges of a wealthy corporate elite over the rest of us , often in ways no governor , president or legislature would dare attempt .
To name just a few instances , the courts have ruled that equal funding of public schools between wealthy and poor neighborhoods cannot be accomplished , even when state constitutions require it .
Judges have affirmed that the First Amendment gives corporations the right to lie to and deceive the public for commercial gain , that patent laws allow US corporations to claim exclusive rights to crops grown by farmers for dozens of centuries in various parts of the world .
The Supreme Court recently ruled that money , in the form of campaign contributions , is free speech , setting major roadblocks in the path of campaign finance reform .
We need to take note of the historic significance of the first Latina to be nominated to the Supreme Court .
Like the embrace of a black president by most of the nation 's ruling elite , it does signify a departure from a kind of old fashioned nineteenth and twentieth century racism , at least insofar as the admittance of carefully vetted and well - qualified minorities to that elite goes .
But the advancement of a few is not necessarily the advancement of democracy , or of the many .
The easy out for progressives around the Sotomayor nomination is to waste all their time and oxygen debating Republicans , ridiculing and refuting their racism .
While this is important , it must n't be allowed to take all the air from the room .
“ Frank Visser has written , arguably , the definitive book on Wilber 's philosophy . ” " Visser 's personal access to Wilber brings warmth and nuance to the presentation , while reference to the works of Wilber 's critics ensures balance . "
CHOICE , Feb. 2004 ‘ I myself have some friendly disagreements with Frank about many of these topics , but I always learn something important from him in our exchanges , and I believe you will , too .
’Ken Wilber , Foreword
Today was the carnival at Ana 's school and I was a volunteer .
These things are rather tortuous for me because I am shy but I have that weird Army - brat camouflage that makes me talk maniacally .
And sweat .
But one of the class mothers had an injured child and could n't work the carnival at the last minute so she called me .
I arrived at the school , signed in , picked up my name tag and reported for duty .
I needed my hands free so I wore my purse across my body for most of the three hours that I spent at the school .
And honestly ?
I enjoyed myself and I enjoyed making the kids laugh and I had some fun talks with some of the other mom volunteers .
And then when I got home , I walked into the bathroom and discovered that for most of the day , my name tag looked just like this :
The nation 's libraries are urging the judge overseeing a settlement that would clear the path for Google to control access to millions of digitized books to carefully evaluate the ambitious project , warning that the deal could grant the search giant extraordinary power to censor , price gouge and invade the privacy of readers .
The nation 's library associations sternly warned federal court judge Denny Chin in a letter filed with the court Monday that the Google Book Settlement might give the search giant a monopoly on the world 's digital works .
They also argued that the Book Registry , a new non-profit that will handle digital rights for all copyright holders , might take a cue from academic journal publishers and charge libraries ultra-high prices for institutional subscriptions to the Google database .
At issue is Google 's attempt to create the worlds ' largest digital library by scanning millions of books housed in the nation 's research libraries .
Depending on the copyright status of the book , Google shows snippets to full - texts of the books online and in search results .
That prompted the Author 's Guild to sue Google in 2005 , leading to a settlement in 2007 that covers all book copyright holders .
That deal gives
Google various legal rights to scan , index , display and sell all books in print online .
The American Library Association , the Association of College and Research Libraries and the Association of Research Libraries are not opposing the proposed settlement , though the Justice Department is already looking into as a possible anti-trust matter .
However , their letter ( .pdf ) to a Manhattan federal district court adds to the growing chorus of voices opposing and raising questions about the deal .
For instance , the libraries warn that the settlement directs the Registry to set prices by looking to current models .
A university library spends an average total of $ 4.3 million a year for online journal subscriptions .
If journal subscriptions are “ comparable ” to the institutional subscription , and a library pays $ 4.3 million for access to 31,000 journals , one can only imagine the price the Registry might insist upon for a subscription to millions of books .
Google will also face pressure , internationally and domestically , to censor the database , and the agreement gives it the right to keep up to 15 percent of the books it scans out of the available database for no reason .
After all , the Library Project will allow minors to access up to 20 % of the text of millions of books from the computers in their bedrooms and to read the full text of these books from the public access terminals in their libraries .
Although public libraries have often contended with demands to eliminate or restrict access to specific books , any collection management decision by a particular librarian affected only that community .
Here , by contrast , if Google bends to political pressure to remove a book , it will suppress access to the book throughout the entire country .
The librarians also note that the agreement includes 17 pages on security procedures to prevent unauthorized access to the copyrighted books , but does not mention reader privacy .
Rights holders who wish to register their objections or opt - out of the deal have until September 4 to do so , and the final hearing on the settlement comes on October 7 .
Photo : libraryman / Flickr
See Also :
The electric car is yet to come but this yet to be invented machine has already stirred in a string of questions .
There are various queries and doubts about the yet to be invented electric car that remain unanswered .
However , it is the looks of this electric car that continue to be the most common topics of discussion and speculation .
With so many car designers already rocking the market , it is obvious that the electric car will have various versions .
Every designer has it ’s own idea as regards the looks of the electric car .
While the Toyota Prius has set the bar quite high with some absolutely unusual and breathtaking looks , the Chevrolet Volt sticks to the conventional design .
Electric sports sedan and roadster are some other options in the electric car category that are being highly anticipated because of their looks .
Whilst driving electricity into automobiles may seem as a hurdle or a matter of inconvenience for use , designers say that this providers them with numerous designing opportunities .
Since electric cars do n’t require much ventilation like their traditional counterparts , the designers have numerous options to shape the face of the car .
The hood , yet another prominent aspect of the looks of a car will also have to undergo its stages of transformation .
The reason for the same is that electric motors require less space as compared to the conventional ones .
There is a constant struggle to achieve the right balance between traditional design and unusual looks .
So while the automobile must be in sync with the mainstream , it needs to have the X , Y and the Z factor put together to score a full mark in looks .
With top designers already glued in to create the best looking electric car , the consumer is sure to be spoilt for choice .
Source : AutoWeek
Medicinal Cannabis Bill
Medicinal Cannabis Bill
The Aotearoa Legalise Cannabis Party are calling on all MPs to support an extremely important piece of legislation that will be before the house on Wednesday 1st of July .
Metiria Turei's Medicinal Cannabis
Bill will make it legal for patients with severe or life threatening illnesses and injuries to access the medicine they need .
For many patients , the only medicine that works to relieve their suffering is Cannabis .
Cannabis is already legally available in New Zealand on prescription from a doctor .
The pharmaceutical cannabis preparation Sativex has been approved for a number of patients .
However many people in need cannot afford Sativex or they prefer to source there essential medicine elsewhere .
Metia Turei's
Bill will increase access to this important medicine by allowing patients or their caregivers to grow their own cannabis .
By allowing those patients most in need to grow their own medicine , they will no longer have to risk buying from the black market and will no longer have to fear arrest and imprisonment .
Emeritus Professor Lester Grinspoon from Harvard Medical School , believes that Cannabis will be the world 's most important medical drug in the 21st century .
The reason cannabis is such an effective medicine , with thousands of years of use , is because it contains over 60 active therapeutic compounds .
The cannabis plant can be breed for different levels of these cannabinoids , and specific strains have been developed to treat specific ailments , such as ADHD .
Scientists can also isolate specific compounds in cannabis to create unique new medicines .
At present Sativex is the sole cannabis product on the market .
While it is effective for many conditions including MS , others conditions such as chronic pain require an Indica rather than Sativa based preparation .
Metiria 's
Bill will allow for a more diverse range of cannabis products to be made available , to better suit the needs of patients .
Concerns about the smoking of cannabis medicine , can be addressed by the use of a number of alternative delivery methods , including vaporisation , oral ingestion , ointment or spray .
While cannabis has a bad reputation due to its illegal status , all of the uses of this medicine can be referenced to scientific studies .
Cannabis has been scientifically shown to be 100 % non toxic , non addictive and has never caused a single death from overdose .
The scientific and lay literature of the medical effectiveness of cannabis is extensive .
There are numerous conclusive studies which show that cannabis reduces the growth of cancer tumors , including studies conducted at the University of Otago .
Some conditions like Glaucoma , can only be effectively treated with cannabis .
When made into a skin balm , cannabis is an effective remedy for both Arthritis and Melanoma .
Hundreds of thousands of New Zealanders are in desperate need of this medicine .
Only the most heartless and uncaring members of parliament could vote against the compassionate use of cannabis .
Already the hard - line USA has approved medical marijuana in many states .
Not to follow suit here would cause outrage throughout the New Zealand medical marijuana community , not to mention years of needless suffering for thousands of people .
Below are some of that conditions that cannabis is effective treatment for :
Appetite Loss Arthritis Asthma Addiction Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis ( ALS ) Anxiety Disorders AIDS Wasting Syndrome Attention Deficit / Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) Autism Aversive Memories Bipolar Affective Disorder Brain Injury / Stroke Cancer ( including Breast cancer , Cervical cancer , Lung cancer , Skin cancer ) Depression Dystonia Epilepsy Fibromyalgia Glaucoma Migraine Nausea Obsessive Compulsive Disorder ( OCD ) Chemo Related Nausea Chronic Pain Diabetes Hepatitis C High Blood Pressure / Hypertension Lymphoma Migraine Mental Illness Multiple Sclerosis Movement Disorders Musculoskeletal Disorders Neuroprotection Nail Patella Syndrome Parkinson 's disease Pancreatitis Rheumatoid Arthritis Sickle Cell Disease Schizophrenia Skin allergies Sleep Apnea Tourette - Syndrome Ulcerative Depression , Violent , uncontrollable outbursts in children
ENDS
© Scoop Media
The Federal Reserve , already arguably the most powerful agency in the U.S. government , will get sweeping new authority to regulate any company whose failure could endanger the U.S. economy and markets under the Obama administration ’s regulatory overhaul plan .
The final plan due to be released on Wednesday — which originally aimed to streamline and consolidate banking and securities regulation in one or two agencies — now is expected to sidestep most jurisdictional disputes and simply impose across the board standards to be applied by all financial regulators , according to administration and industry sources .
The most likely candidate for elimination is the Office of Thrift Supervision , whose failure to detect and forestall problems at Countrywide , IndyMac , Washington Mutual and other freewheeling mortgage lenders is thought to have contributed to the financial crisis .
The decision to concentrate sweeping new powers at the already overstretched Fed is not without controversy .
Sen. Christopher J. Dodd , chairman of the Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs , which must approve any regulatory overhaul , has raised objections to that approach , and so has Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Chairman Sheila C. Bair .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Speculation costs GM investors hefty price
• Health reform faces new obstacles
• Obama to give benefits to gay feds ’ partners
Ms. Bair advocates an alternative where a council of top bank regulators would make decisions on whether to step in , regulate or close major corporations like the American International Group whose failure posed a risk to the whole economy and financial system .
The Fed stepped in to save AIG last year without having such powers , but the result was a costly and muddled bailout that no one wants to repeat .
To accommodate dissenting views , the administration will propose that a council of regulators advise the Fed , although the Fed will have the final say , according to administration officials .
The new powers augment the Fed ’s existing broad authorities to intervene to prevent crises that could seriously damage the markets and economy .
“ What we ’re trying to do is focus on the things that were at the core of the problems we saw in the crisis , ” said Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner at a Time Warner Economic Summit in New York on Monday .
“ When you have too many people involved , there ’s an accountability problem , ” he said .
“ At the core of making the system stronger is to give one place in the system clear accountability , responsibility and authority for preventing future crises . ”
Mr. Geithner said that while the administration would have preferred a more streamlined regulatory structure with fewer agencies , ensuring fewer gaps in oversight and less opportunity for “ regulatory arbitrage ” by lenders , it would have had to start “ from scratch ” to accomplish that .
It decided instead to work within the patchwork of multiple agencies established over the past century or so in response to various financial crises .
While the administration decided against merging the Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission , it will insist on plugging the extensive gaps that have allowed some of the largest securities markets in world history , known as derivatives , to develop without oversight or regulation .
“ All derivatives contracts will be subject to regulation and all derivatives dealers subject to supervision , ” Mr. Geithner said in an opinion piece Monday co-authored by National Economic Council Director Lawrence H. Summers , adding that “ regulators will be empowered to enforce rules against manipulation and abuse . ”
Mr. Geithner said a key part of the plan will impose stiffer requirements for setting aside reserve capital by large financial institutions whose far - flung and risky activities around the world pose the greatest threat of disrupting markets .
Strengthening protections for consumers and investors , possibly through a new commission charged with monitoring the development of new loans and instruments in the marketplace , also will be an important new element of the plan , he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Image courtesy of flushirts
Everyone wants their application to “ spread virally ” .
And why should n’t they ?
Viral growth resolves at least part of the expensive and complicated headache of actually marketing your application , by getting the application to grow all by itself .
So , then , the question that forms on the lips of any entrepreneur is :
“ How can I make my application viral ? ”
There ’s a misconception built into that question : the idea that virality is something that you can just slap onto any product , like a magical pixie dust that will suddenly grant your application the gift of users .
“ Making an application viral ” is as silly a proposition as “ making a car fly ” .
Sure , it ’s technically possible , but that requires a lot of fundamental changes , and what you end up with is not a car anymore ( or perhaps it was never a car to begin with ) .
However , what you can do is set out to build a plane in the first place .
There are some building blocks that you can use or omit in your application design that will enable or hinder your application ’s virality .
This article explores some of those building blocks , with the aim of at least helping you make your next application spread virally .
Viral basics : the viral loop
There are plenty of articles talking about the viral loop , so I ’ll cover it quickly in this article .
The main focus is not the theory of viral growth , but some practical things you should keep in mind while designing your product , so that this viral loop does work for you .
The cornerstone of all discussion of the viral loop considers the cycle from acquiring a new user to having them invite others .
In equation form :
viral coefficient = ( average number of users invited by each active user who invites someone ) x ( proportion of invited users that actually join or become active ) x ( proportion of active users that invite others )
or , using variable names that we ’ll refer to later :
VC = N x P1 x P2
If your viral coefficient is greater than 1 , then over time your growth will increase exponentially , and you will saturate your market ( or whatever parts of it you have access to , if your market is highly fragmented ) .
If it ’s smaller than 1 , your growth spurts will always end and you will have to keep pumping marketing energy into your application to grow it ( which , as this article points out , may not necessarily be a bad thing for some , since it puts you in control of your growth ) .
If it ’s 0 , you wo n’t get any viral growth at all .
This idea of a viral coefficient is very powerful .
If you can measure it , and break it down into the correct factors for your application , it can tell you what specifically you need to improve in order to increase your viral spread .
So it ’s definitely worth measuring this coefficient , even if your application is already spreading virally .
Practical virality
So , with that in mind , how do you actually get your users to invite more users ?
The brutal , dirty answer would be to slap on a form that asks for their email password and hoovers up their contacts .
Many early Facebook applications used similar tricks ( in fact , Facebook themselves did so ) , and the result of that was incredible growth , but also a lot of spam .
Facebook soon shut down these holes as far as applications were concerned , and they were right ( if a tad hypocritical ) in doing so .
In my opinion , if you rely on abusing people ’s contact lists for your viral growth , you ’re only a few rungs above ordinary spammers .
Many reputable companies still do it today , but I do n’t think this is something they should be proud of .
Before we go into the principles of how to build a viral application , it ’s worth emphasising this again : viral growth does not and should not require dirty tricks .
I do not condone any form of spam or other abuse of your users ’ precious trust , if only for the reason that once users stop trusting you , it is very difficult to regain that trust – as far as business applications are concerned , this sort of behaviour can kill your reputation dead .
None of the principles below require any form of underhanded behaviour to be effective .
The golden rule of the ethics of viral spread is : try to only do things on a user ’s behalf when they ’ve explicitly done something to request that thing , and they know that what they ’ve done will result in a communication being sent on their behalf .
If you ca n’t link an invitation directly to the inviter ’s action , then you probably should n’t send that invitation .
Virality principle 1 : Inviting as a core process
Once upon a time in 2007 , I was tearing my hair out as to why my Facebook application ( now defunct ) just was n’t spreading , and I cornered R. Tyler Ballance ( who created the highly successful “ Top Friends ” facebook application ) into a private chat on IRC , to exhort him to give me the secret of building a viral app .
Although he did n’t quite give it away , he did provide a handful of hints that pointed to one of the key answers .
The first step in increasing your Viral Coefficient is to increase N , the average number of users that each of your active users invite .
The most effective way to do this is to ensure that inviting other users is a core process in your application , rather than something that people are asked to do as an afterthought .
In other words , the most viral applications are those that involve inviting others to the application as part of the daily usage .
Update : Some people have pointed out that this section is not entirely clear .
What I mean is this : certain kinds of applications ( e.g. collaboration tools ) lend themselves to the concept of inviting others , as part of the core usage of the application .
If you can architect your product so that it is one of these applications , that will greatly enhance your viral spread .
This can not be latched onto any application .
It needs to be as integral to your application as “ getting people wet ” is integral to the use of a water pistol .
Examples
Top Friends did that extremely well .
The core usage of Top Friends is to select your top friends and rank them .
As part of this process , you are naturally asked to tell the friends about this ranking business , and thus they are invited to use the app themselves .
Woobius ( my business ) has also integrated the invitation process successfully : part of the core usage of the application is to invite collaborators to a project .
Hotmail , the grandaddy of them all , was one of the first mega-viral applications because each email included a small advert at the bottom , that invited the recipient to join hotmail .
Paypal also hit the nail on the head by allowing users to send money to people who were not registered yet ( they later doubled up on that by giving a referral bonus if you got the recipient to join ) .
Paypal is about sending money to people , and inviting them as part of the money - sending process was a stroke of genius .
Virality principle 2 : Keep pulling people back in
It ’s not enough to invite people , of course , you also have to get them to actually join up ( coefficient P1 in the earlier equation ) .
There are several ways to do that , but one of the essential , practical things that your application should do to get them to join is be persistent .
What this means is that you should not just send them one invitation and then wait for them to join .
And once they ’ve joined , you should not just wait for them to start using your system and inviting more users .
You should keep sending useful communications and / or showing signs that will encourage people to use the system .
Of course , this also needs to be a core process of using the application .
You ca n’t send people reminders all the time without a good reason – that would be spam .
When you pull people back in , you should not only remind invited people that they can join , but also remind your active users that they can invite more people , and that there are benefits to doing so .
Examples
Hotmail , again , got that exactly right .
Since every email included an invitation to join Hotmail , and promoted hotmail by coming from an @hotmail.com address , every email implemented the “ keep pulling ” effect .
Mob Wars , a Facebook game , applies this concept by constantly reminding its users that new features will be unlocked if they invite more of their friends .
Facebook itself does this extremely well .
I ca n’t count how many times I ’ve drifted away from Facebook , only to be dragged back when someone posted to my wall or sent me a message .
Because of this , I ( and many others ) still pay attention to Facebook every week or two , even though I do n’t actively use it .
Virality principle 3 : Be useful even with no other users
This is also known as the “ chicken and egg ” problem .
It ’s what killed my Facebook application , back in the days , because that application was useless unless some of your friends had also signed up .
It ’s possible to succeed despite this problem , of course , but it ’s much , much easier to spread without it .
This does n’t mean that your application should n’t benefit from network effects ( i.e. , the effect of becoming more and more useful the more users join ) .
It does mean that there should be some modicum of useful functionality that works and is immediately useful even when none of the user ’s contacts have signed up .
Even in applications like Twitter or Linked In , which are really all about the network effects , the fact that there is something meaningful for the user to do right away , even when they know nobody , is a huge plus .
Most users will not invite other people when until they ’re familiar with an application .
If you do n’t provide them with something to do before they ’re ready to invite others , you will probably lose them long before they reach that stage .
Examples
Twitter , funnily enough , got this somewhat right .
By presenting itself as a micro-blogging platform and providing a “ What are you doing ? ” prompt , it provides an immediate piece of functionality that users can start using even when they do n’t know anyone else on the network ( even though it is a little demoralising for some people to write mini- blog posts that no one will read ) .
Woobius achieves this because a new user can use it to send files to other people even if those other people have not joined .
Similarly , the revision tracking functionality works well even if only one person uses it .
Linked
In , despite being mostly used for its connections , provides an immediately compelling functionality for new users , by allowing them to recreate their CV online ( which is a big deal for many people who are not so tech - savvy ) .
Virality principle 4 : Remove artificial invitation limits
If you ’ve ever built an application with viral spread , you ’ll have noticed something that ’s not very obvious when you look at the Viral Coefficient equation .
At first glance , it would seem that growth should be smoothly distributed … each user invites an average of 10 other users , of which , in turn , 20 % end up becoming active users and inviting another 10 users .
It all seems quite easy and … smooth .
Except it is n’t .
In practice , most people invite no one .
Just like with other human relationship networks , invitation patterns have a few strong focus points , highly connected nodes that result in dozens or hundreds of invitations , and a lot more weak end - nodes who rarely invite anyone .
We ’ve noticed that on Woobius too : most people invite no one , but a handful will invite 40 people at a time .
What this means in practice is that the last thing you want to do is to limit how many new users each existing user can invite .
This is an important lesson , because when designing Software - as - a - Service applications , it seems very reasonable to charge based on how many users use the system ( after all , many leaders in the field do so ) .
Even easier , one might be inclined to make the “ free ” version support only one user .
One way to resolve this problem is to ask yourself what would happen if someone who just joined my application thought it ’s great and wanted to invite 20 of their friends / colleagues ?
If you ca n’t provide an easy way for that person to market your application for you , you ’ll lose out on your best inviters .
Examples
MinuteBase , a recently released minute - taking application , started off with a limit on the number of users , but decided to remove that limit .
After only a couple of months live , this has already resulted in faster viral spread than the initial concept of limiting free accounts to a single user .
As a counter - example , most products built by 37 - Signals do the exact opposite .
They limit the number of users ( so you ’re unlikely to invite someone unless you really must ) , and even force their own users to fragment into multiple subdomain .
This obviously works for them , so I ’m not criticising that as a way to do business .
However , from the point of view of viral growth , it is very ineffective , and it is likely that 37 - signals gets most of its users not through viral spread but through their more traditional marketing activities ( their blog , their conferences , and , of course , their link to Ruby on Rails ) .
Summary and conclusion
There are many other things you can do to tweak the viral coefficient and improve the spread of your application , but carefully considering these points will get you further than most :
Invitation should be a core process , that is essential to using the application – this will maximise the chances that your users do invite new users .
, that is essential to using the application – this will maximise the chances that your users do invite new users .
Keep pulling people back in , rather than letting them forget you after the initial invitation , and make this “ reminder ” process also be central to the use of the application .
, rather than letting them forget you after the initial invitation , and make this “ reminder ” process also be central to the use of the application .
Be useful even to the lone user , because that lone user is the source of all your other users .
, because that lone user is the source of all your other users .
Remove artificial invitation limits , to recognise the reality that most invitations come from a few very active users , and help those users spread the word .
These concepts , as I mentioned earlier , cannot be applied to all applications .
Some applications are simply not going to spread virally .
But if it is possible to tweak the application design , early on , to accommodate these principles , the result should be increased , viral , self - sustaining growth .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Thousands of protesters clashed with police after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won an election which his reformist challenger called a “ dangerous charade . ”
The protests were a rare direct challenge to Iranian authorities .
The result and its violent aftermath raised fresh questions about the direction of Iranian policies at a time when U.S. President Barack Obama wants to improve relations with Iran .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Iranians to respect Ahmadinejad ’s victory , which upset expectations that reformist candidate Mirhossein Mousavi might win the race .
Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli , an Ahmadinejad ally , declared the president had been re-elected with 62.6 percent of the vote , against 33.7 percent for Mousavi .
Mousavi complained of violations and vote - rigging -- allegations rejected by Interior Ministry officials .
“ I ’m warning I will not surrender to this dangerous charade .
The result of such performance by some officials will jeopardize the pillars of the Islamic Republic and will establish tyranny , ” Mousavi said in a statement made available to Reuters .
After the result was announced , thousands of his supporters took to the streets , some chanting , “ What happened to our vote ? . ”
Others shouted anti-Ahmadinejad slogans .
“ We are Iranians too , ” and “ Mousavi is our president , ” they shouted .
Police beat protesters with batons as they spread out across the capital .
Small fires burned at roadsides .
Though the protests were small compared to the mass demonstrations that led to the 1979 Islamic revolution , they were the most widespread in the city since then .
Khamenei , Iran ’s top authority , told defeated candidates and their supporters to avoid “ provocative behavior . ”
“ The chosen and respected president is the president of all the Iranian nation and everyone , including yesterday ’s competitors , must unanimously support and help him , ” Khamenei said in a statement read on state television .
Ahmadinejad , in a televised address to the nation , said the election had been “ free and healthy . ”
Iranian and Western analysts said Ahmadinejad ’s re-election would disappoint Western powers aiming to convince Iran to halt a nuclear program they suspect is aimed at making bombs .
Slideshow ( 23 images )
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States was monitoring the outcome of the election closely and hoped the result reflected the will of the Iranian people .
On Friday night , before official results emerged , Mousavi had claimed to be the “ definite winner . ”
He said many people had been unable to vote and ballot papers were lacking .
Ahmadinejad draws most of his support from rural areas and poorer big city neighborhoods .
Mousavi enjoys strong backing in wealthier urban centers , especially among women and the young .
Inkscape is a vector graphic editor that ’s the perfect alternative to Adobe Illustrator or CorelDraw , as it does n’t cost you a penny .
It may not be as powerful as its higher - priced rivals , but certainly powerful enough to design high quality and beautiful vector graphics .
If you are looking to venture into vector design , we recommend giving Inkscape a try and learn as much as you can about vector art , and then if you need something with more kick , splash out on Illustrator .
Text and Simple Styling in Inkscape
About The Author The Smashing Editorial prepares bi-weekly newsletter issues with lots of love and appreciation for the good ol ’ web with the latest tips and tricks for … More about The Smashing Newsletter Team …
Adaptive CSS - Layouts : New Era In Fluid Layouts ?
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Fluid web designs have many benefits , but only if implemented correctly .
With proper technique , a design can be seen correctly on large screens , small screens and even tiny PDA screens .
With bad coding structure , however , a fluid layout can be disastrous .
Because of this , we need to find ways to work around most , if not all , of the cons of fluid design .
If you as a designer are going to go through all the extra work of creating a functional fluid layout , why not go a bit further and make it compatible with all resolutions , instead of just most ?
You can use a few techniques to create an incredibly versatile , adaptive layout that will stay perfectly functional with the constantly changing screen sizes .
In this article , we ’ll discuss effective techniques to create 100 % - functional adaptive CSS - layouts , and provide details on other tutorials and practices .
Also consider our previous articles :
Fixed vs. Fluid vs. Elastic Layout : What ’s The Right One For You ?
This article discusses the pros and cons of each type of layout .
Either one can be used to make a successful website layout , as long as you keep usability in mind .
This article discusses the pros and cons of each type of layout .
Either one can be used to make a successful website layout , as long as you keep usability in mind .
Flexible Layouts : Challenge For The Future
Discusses the challenges of flexible layouts for the future .
Discusses the challenges of flexible layouts for the future .
Screen Resolutions and Better User Experience
Introduces the issue of screen resolutions , then considers the average user ’s profile .
1. Fluid Layout Using A Grid
Most of us have heard of the 960 Grid System for designing fixed - width Web pages .
Using 960 often makes fixed - width design preferable to fluid layouts .
However , there is a way to create a grid - based elastic layout .
Elastic layouts are , technically , different than fluid layouts in their coding structure , but they provide almost identical results for the user .
What Is a Fluid Grid ?
A fluid grid can be created through a smart use of DIV layers , percentages and very simple math .
The idea comes from Ethan Marcotte , who realized that the “ em ” unit could go further than font size .
We ’ll go over the basics here , but for a complete and detailed overview of the method , read the article Fluid Grids by Ethan Marcotte , which is a complete walk - through and tutorial on creating a grid - based elastic layout .
The idea here is to use relative units , a combination of percentages and em’s , and to use simple division to find the equivalents of pixel widths that would normally be used for fixed - width design .
The Benefits
This method allows you to have a grid layout , which once only seemed possible with fixed - width layouts .
The user can view the entire layout using their preset text size , and everything will stay in proportion .
The layout style uses concepts that are cross - browser compatible .
Once understood , the concept is a fairly easy fix for most problems with fluid design .
How to Create a Fluid Grid Layout
The first step in creating this fluid layout is to create a mock - up of the preferred fixed - width layout .
This way , the designer can still see the proportions and can apply Divine Proportion , balance and appropriate spacing techniques .
From the simple layout above , we can see how we would code this in CSS .
960 pixels would be our fixed width , and we would force a horizontal scroll bar for any resolution narrower than this .
All of our content is in a wrapper that is 880 pixels wide .
We have 40 - pixel margins on both the left and right side , and 20 pixels of spacing between all of our elements .
Everything ’s fine until we start thinking about usability .
This type of layout would probably work well for many users ; but not for everyone .
So , let ’s transfer this to a fluid layout .
If we want this layout to maintain its proportions at any screen resolution , we ’ll have to change our 960 - pixel width to 100 % , and then find the percentage equivalents of 880 pixels , 640 pixels and 220 pixels .
This just requires some rational thinking .
In our fixed - width mock - up , our entire wrapper was 880 pixels , within the 960 - pixel - wide design .
If we want the equivalent in a percentage , all we have to do is divide :
880 pixels ÷ 960 pixels = 0.91666667
Take that decimal number , turn it into a percentage and you get 91.666667 % .
Now , because browsers handle percentages differently , it would not be wise to put all those decimals places straight into the layout .
Browsers either round up or down , so to know exactly what we ’re working with , we should round it to a whole number ourselves .
Since it ’s closer to 92 % , we ’ll round up .
If we need to round it down later because of extra spacing issues , that ’s easily done .
name = " code " > wrapper { width : 92 % ; }
For the content and sidebar areas , we need to do the same thing , but in the right proportion .
Because these two areas are within the 880 - pixel - wide wrapper DIV , we need to find the percentages of these relative to this DIV :
640 pixels ÷ 880 pixels = 0.727272 → 73 %
220 pixels ÷ 880 pixels = 0.25 → 25 %
name = " code " > content { width : 73 % ; } sidebar { width : 25 % }
Let ’s actually round the content area down to 72 % , so that our layout does n’t break .
Because it has to be positioned next to the navigation bar , we do n’t want it to be too wide .
This is a very easy concept and a much more efficient way to handle proportions in fluid design .
With this technique , a designer does n’t have the excuse that proportions cannot be maintained and ruin the aesthetic appeal of their layouts .
A Note About Margins
Designers will determine the length of the margins in different ways .
One way is to calculate the percentages of the margins ( in this case , 20 pixels ÷ 880 pixels ) .
Another is to set fixed margins or , as in our example , hard - code them in as 20 pixels .
Each method has its pros and cons .
With percentage margins , the designer risks the margins being too wide in very large screen resolutions but probably achieves better proportion .
Fixed margins may cause slight imperfections in the proportions but guarantees that the spacing will look right no matter what the screen size .
2. Adaptive Content
Another common problem with fluid designs is that even though they adapt to many screen resolutions , if the resolution gets too small ( such as on a phone or PDA ) or incredibly large , things start to look a bit funny .
For example , a three - column layout would look very cluttered on a PDA screen whose resolution is only 240 - pixels wide .
To address this problem , we can use a technique that involves adapting content to a specific ranges of screen resolutions .
Fortunately , we can still use the technique outlined above to retain our proportions , and then we can add this technique for even better usability .
Fluid Layout with Adaptive Content
Most fluid layouts look great in screen resolutions of 800x600 pixels up to 1280 - pixels wide and larger .
However , it would be even better if we could break it up a bit more and create slightly different custom - made layouts for resolutions that are 800 to 1024 pixels , 1024 to 1280 pixels and 1280 pixels and up .
Likewise , custom adjustments could be made for screen resolutions that are 640 to 800 pixels , 320 to 640 pixels , 240 to 320 pixels , and 240 pixels and below .
An example of this technique is used on The Man in Blue :
The example above has only two separate style sheets : one for resolutions wider than 800 pixels and one resolutions narrower than 800 pixels .
A better implementation of this technique would have several layout styles to more accurately accommodate different screen resolutions .
Marc Van Den Dobblesteen ’s layout example , Switchy McLayout , provides a perfect example of using these alternative style sheets .
The Benefits
The designer is able to see with greater accuracy what a design will look like in different resolutions .
Better adherence to design principles of spacing and balance , no matter what platform the design is viewed on .
The tiniest and largest resolutions are handled with perfection .
Create a Fluid Layout with Adaptive Content
To create this type of layout , we need two things : separate style sheets for every range of screen resolutions , and a way of determining a user ’s screen resolution .
A popular walk - through of this is the article Dynamic Resolution - Dependent Layout Technique by Kevin Hale .
The first step is to create a set of alternative layout files .
For example , one could be called narrow.css and would be tailored to very narrow resolutions .
Another could be normal.css and would apply to conventional computer screen resolutions , and a third could be wide.css and would handle unusually large resolutions .
We can then use JavaScript to make some simple alterations depending on the preset style sheets .
Dynamic Resolution Dependent Layouts offers some sample JavaScript in the demo explains how it is being used .
Declarations of all the style sheets and the JavaScript file are then put in the header , just like any other type of layout .
<!--
Narrow style sheet --> < link rel=" alternate stylesheet " type =" text/css " href="css/narrow.css " title= " narrow " / > <!--
Default style sheet --> < link rel=" stylesheet " type =" text/css " href="css/normal.css " title = " default " /> <!--
Wide style sheet --> < link rel=" alternate stylesheet " type =" text/css " href="css/wide.css " title= " wide " /> <!--
Included JavaScript to switch style sheets --> < script src=" scripts/dynamiclayout.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
Notice the title attribute in all three links to the style sheets : “ narrow , ” “ default ” and “ wide . ”
Taking a closer look at the DynamicLayout ( ) function in the JavaScript source , we can see that it is quite easy to customize which style sheet is called according to each title attribute .
We can also see how to change the pixel widths accordingly .
function dynamicLayout ( ) { var browserWidth = getBrowserWidth ( ) ; // Narrow CSS rules if ( browserWidth < 640 ) { changeLayout ( " narrow " ) ; } // Normal ( default ) CSS rules if ( ( browserWidth >= 640 ) && ( browserWidth <= 960 ) ) { changeLayout ( " default " ) ; } //
Wide CSS rules if ( browserWidth > 960 ) { changeLayout ( " wide " ) ; } }
This technique is very easy to implement and works great with other techniques for creating more usable fluid layouts .
Take a closer look at the JavaScript to see in more detail how things work .
Similar Techniques
For a similar technique , look over [ Dynamic layouts with adaptive columns ] ( http://www.brandspankingnew.net/archive/2005/12/dynamic_layouts_with_css_javascript.html) over at [ Brand Spanking New ] ( http://www.brandspankingnew.net).
It features generally the same code , although slightly different .
There are fortunately many options and script examples for getting the same adaptive content technique to work .
[ ![ An adaptive layout . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/056542d3-3a40-400e-916e-864ef37f1bbf/adaptivelayout2.jpg)](http://www.brandspankingnew.net/specials/adaptLayout/adaptive_columns_01.html)
To download the script for this version of adaptive content , go to [ Dynamic layouts with adaptive columns ] ( http://www.brandspankingnew.net/archive/2005/12/dynamic_layouts_with_css_javascript.html).
The concept is n't difficult , and many developers have made their own version of this technique .
A great source to find even more examples of adaptive content layouts and scripts is Clagnut.
com 's blog post , " [ Variable fixed width layout ] ( http://clagnut.com/blog/1663) " .
There is even one such technique featured on this post that requires no JavaScript whatsoever : [ CSS Drop Column Layout ] ( http://muffinresearch.co.uk/archives/2006/02/07/css-drop-column-layout).</p>
3. Images In A Fluid Layout
One major concern among developers of fluid layouts is dealing with images and other content that requires a set width .
In most cases , we ’d all like our images to be as large as possible , or at least to prevent any awkward white space if they ’re too small .
In a fixed - width layout , adjustments can be made manually , but quite easily , to overcome these issues .
However , in a fluid layout , in which the width of the area where images appear is constantly changing , these problems can come up all over again .
Automatic Magazine Layout
One solution requires some smart algebra and PHP .
The full explanation ( including the math ) and the downloadable source code is available in the article Automatic Magazine Layout by Harvey Kane .
The title derives from how images are displayed in magazines : organized and always perfectly aligned .
Of course , a magazine designer has to go through a certain process to achieve this look , involving resizing and manual placement .
There is now a technique that achieves this effect for us , too .
Below is the first example of what the script can do :
As you can see , things are definitely prettier .
But how does it make things more usable with a fluid design ?
Harvey Kane gives the PHP script that we need to use :
# include the class file require_once ( ' magazinelayout.class.php ' ) ; # Define the width for the output area ( pixels ) $ width = 600 ; # Define padding around each image ; this * must * be included # in your style sheet ( pixels ) $ padding = 3 ; # Define your template for outputting images #
( Do n't forget to escape the & ) $ template = ' < img src= " image.php?size=[size ]&file=[image ] " alt= " " />'; # create a new instance of the class $ mag = new magazinelayout ( $ width , $padding , $template ) ; # Add the images in any order $ mag->addImage ( ' landscape1.jpg ' ) ; $ mag->addImage ( ' portrait1.jpg ' ) ; $ mag->addImage ( ' landscape2.jpg ' ) ; # display the output echo $ mag->getHtml ( ) ;
We can predefine the width that we ’d like our entire magazine - inspired image layout to render as .
So , if we can find out what the user ’s browser width is , we can determine how wide our image layout should be .
This is easy enough , because we ’ve already done it with our second technique : fluid layouts with adaptive content .
In his script , Kevin Hale uses a method called getBrowserWidth ( ) .
You can get a more in - depth look at the code for this method in his article .
If we can use this method to retrieve the browser ’s width as a number , then we can use this number to find the pixel width of our content area ( or whatever area these images are going to be placed in ) .
Let ’s say we ’d like to put the images in our content area , which is set to 70 % width .
Using simple math , we just need to find out how many pixels is 70 % of the browser ’s width .
Pixel width = Percentage of Content Area x Browser Width $ width = 0.70 x getBrowserWidth ( ) ;
This is , of course , pretty basic math , and a pretty basic solution for dealing with images in fluid layouts , once the initial PHP script is set up .
Adjust the PHP script to automatically find the pixel width of the images , and you ’ve got a great way of dealing with images , or any other content that has a set width , in a fluid layout .
4. jQuery Masonry
There are enough problems in CSS without thinking about constantly changing screen resolution .
There is one common problem , though , that many designers may face more than others — multiple content boxes .
When working with many floated elements , some awkward extra whitespace may show up between sections of varying heights .
An example of this is below .
!
[ Awkward , uneven space with floated divs . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/e442f00e-a279-4c5c-8d19-3ed0bc24f151/jquerymasonry1.jpg)
If we want to use divs in this way in a fixed - width layout , the fix is easy : just manually adjust the divs until everything is in place .
Dealing with divs in this fashion in a fluid layout almost seems impossible .
Every time the layout is adjusted , we get weird whitespace in a new spot , and in different amounts .
![ Extra whitespace caused by the layout colapsing into two columns . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/c0f63c27-f166-4d50-8750-ade75a7e69ff/jquerymasonry2.jpg)
Viewing the same layout in a thinner resolution causes the layout to collapse into a 2 - column layout , as it should .
However , when this happens , we get a different whitespace issue .
Any designer can see this is a very ugly problem for layouts , and often times layouts like these are forced into fixed width because there seems to be no way around the problem .
Fortunately , it 's not an impossible fix , but rather an incredibly easy one — thanks to David DeSandro 's jQuery Plugin : jQuery Masonry .
</ p>
What is jQuery Masonry ?
j Query Masonry is a very easy to use jQuery plugin .
In the words of David DeSandro himself , " Think of Masonry as the flip side of CSS floats .
Where as floats arrange elements horizontally then vertically , Masonry arranges them vertically then horizontally .
The result leaves no vertical gaps between elements of varying height , just like a mason fitting stones in a wall . "
How to Use the jQuery Masonry Plugin
In the example above , all of the boxes are placed in paragraphs with an ID of " item " .
This item ID has a set width of 30 % , and floats to the left .
All of these ' item ' paragraphs are then placed inside of a very basic wrapper with its own fluid width of 90 % .
Once the paragraphs reach the end of the wrapper width , they 'll go to the next available line — whether it causes too much whitespace or not .
Fixing it is as easy as downloading the jQuery Masonry plugin , and applying the .masonry ( ) method to our wrapper ID . < pre class= " js " name = " code " >$ ( ' # wrapper ' ) .
masonry ( ) ;</ pre>
The two images below show the power of this plugin .
First is the layout on a large screen resolution , second is the same layout on a lower screen resolution when collapsed to two columns .
![ Fixed full - width layout . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/ee831284-63ae-47b5-842c-f7ebde208093/jquerymasonry3.jpg) ![ Fixed collapsed layout . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/c375366e-84a6-4f1e-8370-ac5c62b1915c/jquerymasonry4.jpg)
One Bug to this Plugin , and One Fix
To download the script for this version of adaptive content , go to [ Dynamic layouts with adaptive columns ] ( http://www.brandspankingnew.net/archive/2005/12/dynamic_layouts_with_css_javascript.html).
The concept is n't difficult , and many developers have made their own version of this technique .
A great source to find even more examples of adaptive content layouts and scripts is Clagnut.
com 's blog post , " [ Variable fixed width layout ] ( http://clagnut.com/blog/1663) " .
There is even one such technique featured on this post that requires no JavaScript whatsoever : [ CSS Drop Column Layout ] ( http://muffinresearch.co.uk/archives/2006/02/07/css-drop-column-layout).</p>
3. Images In A Fluid Layout
One major concern among developers of fluid layouts is dealing with images and other content that requires a set width .
In most cases , we ’d all like our images to be as large as possible , or at least to prevent any awkward white space if they ’re too small .
In a fixed - width layout , adjustments can be made manually , but quite easily , to overcome these issues .
However , in a fluid layout , in which the width of the area where images appear is constantly changing , these problems can come up all over again .
Automatic Magazine Layout
One solution requires some smart algebra and PHP .
The full explanation ( including the math ) and the downloadable source code is available in the article Automatic Magazine Layout by Harvey Kane .
The title derives from how images are displayed in magazines : organized and always perfectly aligned .
Of course , a magazine designer has to go through a certain process to achieve this look , involving resizing and manual placement .
There is now a technique that achieves this effect for us , too .
Below is the first example of what the script can do :
As you can see , things are definitely prettier .
But how does it make things more usable with a fluid design ?
Harvey Kane gives the PHP script that we need to use :
# include the class file require_once ( ' magazinelayout.class.php ' ) ; # Define the width for the output area ( pixels ) $ width = 600 ; # Define padding around each image ; this * must * be included # in your style sheet ( pixels ) $ padding = 3 ; # Define your template for outputting images #
( Do n't forget to escape the & ) $ template = ' < img src= " image.php?size=[size ]&file=[image ] " alt= " " />'; # create a new instance of the class $ mag = new magazinelayout ( $ width , $padding , $template ) ; # Add the images in any order $ mag->addImage ( ' landscape1.jpg ' ) ; $ mag->addImage ( ' portrait1.jpg ' ) ; $ mag->addImage ( ' landscape2.jpg ' ) ; # display the output echo $ mag->getHtml ( ) ;
We can predefine the width that we ’d like our entire magazine - inspired image layout to render as .
So , if we can find out what the user ’s browser width is , we can determine how wide our image layout should be .
This is easy enough , because we ’ve already done it with our second technique : fluid layouts with adaptive content .
In his script , Kevin Hale uses a method called getBrowserWidth ( ) .
You can get a more in - depth look at the code for this method in his article .
If we can use this method to retrieve the browser ’s width as a number , then we can use this number to find the pixel width of our content area ( or whatever area these images are going to be placed in ) .
Let ’s say we ’d like to put the images in our content area , which is set to 70 % width .
Using simple math , we just need to find out how many pixels is 70 % of the browser ’s width .
Pixel width = Percentage of Content Area x Browser Width $ width = 0.70 x getBrowserWidth ( ) ;
This is , of course , pretty basic math , and a pretty basic solution for dealing with images in fluid layouts , once the initial PHP script is set up .
Adjust the PHP script to automatically find the pixel width of the images , and you ’ve got a great way of dealing with images , or any other content that has a set width , in a fluid layout .
4. jQuery Masonry
There are enough problems in CSS without thinking about constantly changing screen resolution .
There is one common problem , though , that many designers may face more than others — multiple content boxes .
When working with many floated elements , some awkward extra whitespace may show up between sections of varying heights .
An example of this is below .
!
[ Awkward , uneven space with floated divs . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/e442f00e-a279-4c5c-8d19-3ed0bc24f151/jquerymasonry1.jpg)
If we want to use divs in this way in a fixed - width layout , the fix is easy : just manually adjust the divs until everything is in place .
Dealing with divs in this fashion in a fluid layout almost seems impossible .
Every time the layout is adjusted , we get weird whitespace in a new spot , and in different amounts .
![ Extra whitespace caused by the layout colapsing into two columns . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/c0f63c27-f166-4d50-8750-ade75a7e69ff/jquerymasonry2.jpg)
Viewing the same layout in a thinner resolution causes the layout to collapse into a 2 - column layout , as it should .
However , when this happens , we get a different whitespace issue .
Any designer can see this is a very ugly problem for layouts , and often times layouts like these are forced into fixed width because there seems to be no way around the problem .
Fortunately , it 's not an impossible fix , but rather an incredibly easy one — thanks to David DeSandro 's jQuery Plugin : jQuery Masonry .
</ p>
What is jQuery Masonry ?
j Query Masonry is a very easy to use jQuery plugin .
In the words of David DeSandro himself , " Think of Masonry as the flip side of CSS floats .
Where as floats arrange elements horizontally then vertically , Masonry arranges them vertically then horizontally .
The result leaves no vertical gaps between elements of varying height , just like a mason fitting stones in a wall . "
How to Use the jQuery Masonry Plugin
In the example above , all of the boxes are placed in paragraphs with an ID of " item " .
This item ID has a set width of 30 % , and floats to the left .
All of these ' item ' paragraphs are then placed inside of a very basic wrapper with its own fluid width of 90 % .
Once the paragraphs reach the end of the wrapper width , they 'll go to the next available line — whether it causes too much whitespace or not .
Fixing it is as easy as downloading the jQuery Masonry plugin , and applying the .masonry ( ) method to our wrapper ID . < pre class= " js " name = " code " >$ ( ' # wrapper ' ) .
masonry ( ) ;</ pre>
The two images below show the power of this plugin .
First is the layout on a large screen resolution , second is the same layout on a lower screen resolution when collapsed to two columns .
![ Fixed full - width layout . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/ee831284-63ae-47b5-842c-f7ebde208093/jquerymasonry3.jpg) ![ Fixed collapsed layout . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/c375366e-84a6-4f1e-8370-ac5c62b1915c/jquerymasonry4.jpg)
One Bug to this Plugin , and One Fix
When using this plugin , one will notice that the div layers stay in the same spot if a user were to resize their browser .
Upon refresh , the layout is fixed and works appropriately again .
However , the user will not know they need to refresh to fix the problem , so changing the HTML code below will correct this bug quite easily .
< pre class= " js " name= " code " >< body onresize= " window.location=window.location ; " ></ pre>
Now , every time the user changes their browser size , the browser will autmoatically refresh and reload the entire script .
</ p>
5. Smart Columns with jQuery & CSS
The jQuery fix above solves problems with divs of varying height , but for a layout intended to have even div heights , it might not be the best solution .
Soh Tanaka of SohTanaka.com has come up with a jQuery script and a smart use of CSS to make columns in fluid layouts collapse and expand elegantly .
For an example , check out the demo : Smart Columns w/ CSS & jQuery .</ p>
What are Smart Columns with jQuery & CSS ?
Smart Columns are a script that can alter the width of the divs for the best viewing quality , and also determine how may columns can be viewed across that page for the browsers current size .
It is also perfect for users who resize their browsers , rather than just accomodating browser size on entry to the website .
![ Smart Columns with jQuery and CSS ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/5577a446-0dc6-4ffd-9f6e-a5c8c910b3d3/smartwidth1.jpg) ![ Smart Columns with jQuery and CSS ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/f73ec44a-da34-4935-b51e-a42e84073c58/smartwidth2.jpg)
The script takes the remaining whitespace off of the end of a row of columns , which may be caused by varying browser widths , and then places them evenly throughout the columns using jQuery .
</ p>
How to Get Smart Columns
The code is all laid out in Soh Tanakas blog post : Smart Columns w/ CSS and jQuery .
It can be set up using a list , with each block item as a < li > element .
< ul class= " column " > < li > < div class = " block " >
Block 1 </div > </ li > < li > < div class = " block " >
Block 2 </div > </ li > < li > < div class = " block " >
Block 3 </div > </li > </ul >
Then , by intserting the CSS and jQuery code into the page ( Soh Tanaka has easily laid this out in the above post ) , the smart columns will work .
Customizing the code is easy , and only requires editing the CSS in terms of width , height , and margins .
</ p>
6. Text Zooming
Another common problem among fluid layouts is the concern that the text either gets so stretched or squished that the layout loses readability .
The image below shows this problem , both for an incredibly wide screen , and then for a very thin screen .
The very thin screen seems to host the biggest problem by causing big gaps in the text , but both instances can frustrate the user equally .
![ Readibility can be an issue with fluid layouts . ] ( https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/b81f4b8a-eee9-466a-97ed-1aaf25688bd8/textzooming1.jpg) < p
>
One method to combat this is to use min-width and max - width , although that has two problems :
Min -width and max - width are not supported in all browsers , the layout is then just resorting to a partially fixed - width layout , and we lose overall flexibility again .
< p>Luckily , James over at < a href = " http://tinnedfruit.com ">
Tinned Fruit </a > has created a script that does something to fight this problem .
</p> < h4 > What is Text Zooming ?</h4 > < p > Text Zooming , as he calls it , is a JavaScript that automatically resizes text based on the width of the user 's screen .
As the screen gets wider , the text gets larger .
Likewise , as the screen gets thinner the text gets smaller .
In addition to this basic functionality , a designer can set a max and min text size so the user never sees any oddly sized text .
</p> < p >
For a live demo , go to his Text Zooming page .
As one can see , the script degrades nicely , and the larger text is easy to read on a wide resolution , just as the smaller text is to read on a thinner resolution .
Better yet , the header and navigation do n't change in size , so a designer can choose which elements should use the text zoom .
</p> < p class= " showcase " >< img src= " https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/5ef0e871-558a-454d-868e-0410ab919486/tz.gif " alt =" Text Zooming in action . " width = " 450 " height = " 370 " /></p> < p > Above is a portion of the maximized page ( large width ) that is displaying larger text .
</ p> < p class= " showcase " >< img src= " https://cloud.netlifyusercontent.com/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/141890e9-8a3a-41e7-b564-3a9d782e3743/tz2.gif " width = " 450 " height = " 380 " alt = " Text Zooming in action . "
/></p> < p > Above is the same page , only minimized to about 700 px in width .
The text is resized along with the browser .
</ p> < h4 > How to Get Text Zooming </ h4 > < p > Text zooming is a basic JavaScript that one can include to a web page externally .
To download the JS file and read further instructions , head on over to the demo page : Text Zooming .
</p> < p > Below the external script line , it 's as easy as intserting the following code and changing it as necessary .
</p>
< script type =" text / javascript " > var contentZoom = new TextZoom ( " Content " , // Reference element " Content " , // Target element 0.22 , // Zoom ratio 70 , // Minimum font size ( % ) 130 ) ; // Maximum font size ( % ) addLoadEvent( textZoomInit ) ; </ script >
Conclusion
All of these techniques can be implemented in one design to create a very user - friendly fluid layout .
A smart use of the fluid grid can create an adaptable layout whose proportions remain faithful to the Rule of Thirds , balance and other design principles .
The adaptive content technique can handle unusually small and large screen resolutions with a bit of customization , so the designer is sure to get the perfect look for all users .
And the third technique is a good one for making sure that images and other pieces of content with set widths are n't too large for the screen .
j Query Masonry leaves no vertical gaps between elements of varying height , just like a mason fitting stones in a wall ; thet " Smart Columns techniques " makes columns in fluid layouts collapse and expand elegantly and Text Zooming provides a JavaScript that automatically resizes text based on the width of the user 's screen .
Hopefully , advanced fluid layout techniques will signal a new era in layout design .
With the growing variety of screen widths , it 's only a matter of time before these techniques become essential .
Further Resources
You may also be interested in these additional resources :
During World War II , British scientists developed a new and extremely lethal secret weapon : a bomb which released a cloud of sewing needles , tipped with deadly poison .
The weapon is disclosed in the latest release of declassified documents from the UK's National Archive .
It was developed at Porton Down , which is now home to Defence Science and Technology Laboratory – but remains notorious for testing chemical and biological weapons on unsuspecting troops during the Cold War .
Work on the darts was carried out with the assistance of Canadian and American researchers .
Each dart consisted of a hollow steel needle with a paper tail .
The tip of the needle was filled with toxin and a dense ' inertia pellet ' above it .
When the needle struck a target , the pellet kept going and forced the toxin out of the needle .
Breaking the skin was enough to inject a lethal dose .
The needles were tested on sheep and goats under " realistic " conditions , sometimes covered with two layers of clothing and protected by trenches .
Researchers concluded that if a needle " penetrat[ed ] into the flesh , it will cause death if not plucked out within thirty seconds . "
Even if the needle was removed , it would cause " cause disablement by collapse . "
Media reports ( including the BBC ) claim that the chemical agent was mustard gas ; this is extremely unlikely as the dose required would be much too high .
Realistically , it would be one of the new nerve agents that were first fielded during WWII .
The lethal dose for Sarin is 30 micrograms per kilogram of body weight , so three milligrams would kill most people .
For Mustard gas , the dose needed would be about two hundred times higher .
The effects reported on animal subjects ( twitching and convulsions followed by death ) also strongly suggest a nerve agent .
The program called for the production of thirty million darts .
This would require a large number of specially - made needles ; the head of the British project contacted the obvious source : the Singer Sewing Machine Company , in a letter apologizing that : " It is a little difficult to explain what I want sewing machine needles for ... "
The reply from Singer was helpful , if baffled : " From your remarks it would seem the needles are required for some purpose other than sewing machines .
In any case , we should like to help you , if at all possible . "
The weapon never went into production , possibly because the darts had very little penetrating power .
As soon as its effects were known , scientists said that people would start to take cover under trees or in buildings or vehicles , which would make the rain of darts ineffective .
The report also notes that the dart bomb would have been a " highly uneconomical weapon . "
That may have sealed its fate .
These days , nobody in a western military would dream of using poison darts .
But darts filled with a nonlethal " calmative " agent are another matter .
British researchers were looking at non-lethal dart gunsfor crowd control back in 1972 ; it would n't take much imagination to turn that into a non-lethal artillery round .
I wonder if they still have the quote from Singer ?
[ Picture : British National Archive ]
ALSO :
Oriental Institute offers free access to volumes of history
By William Harms
w-harms@uchicago.edu
News Office
A wealth of material that documents the ancient Middle East has become available through a new , free online service at the Oriental Institute .
The material comes from the extensive collection at the institute , which is a major publisher of important academic books on the languages , history and cultures of the ancient Middle East .
The effort began in 1906 , when the University started issuing publications that have been essential for studying the past .
Since that time , more than 272 books have been published , ranging from dictionaries of the Assyrian and Hittite languages , to historical and archaeological studies and oversized folio volumes that document Egyptian temples and tombs .
Through the generous support of Lewis and Misty Gruber , the institute was able to scan 125 Egyptological titles , many of which were out of print , and are now electronically available to scholars around the world via the Oriental Institute 's website .
Gil Stein , Director of the Oriental Institute , said , � Our publications are the lasting record of our excavations and research .
They are fundamental tools for scholars of the ancient Middle East throughout the world .
Making these books available to our colleagues , to educators and the public reflects our mission to share knowledge . �
Publication of its research is a central tenet of the mission of the Oriental Institute .
Equally important is making that research accessible to scholars and individuals throughout the world .
Toward that end , in October 2004 , the Oriental Institute announced the Electronic Publications Initiative , which stated that all publications of the Oriental Institute would be simultaneously published in print and electronically .
New titles are made available for free download at the same time they are issued in print .
Individuals , libraries and institutions may download one complimentary copy for personal use from the Oriental Institute�s Web site : https://oi.uchicago.edu/research/pubs/catalog/.
More than a thousand copies of the Chicago Assyrian Dictionary have been downloaded since May 2008 .
To date , 147 Adobe PDFs ( portable document files ) , each containing an entire book , can be accessed at the site .
Many of those titles are older publications that have long been out of print .
An additional 125 older titles , which comprise the institute�s Egyptological collection published since the 1920s , such as the Epigraphic Survey , are being scanned in preparation for free Internet distribution .
Another 138 older titles , which document the institute�s research on Anatolian , Arabic , Iranian , Mesopotamian , Syro / Palestinian cultures , among others , will continue to be scanned and distributed as time and funds permit .
Response to the EPI has been overwhelming , with positive comments received from all over the world .
Complimentary Web distribution ensures that publications of the Oriental Institute , whether new or old , are made available to everyone with access to the Internet , especially in countries where the institute conducts research .
Thomas Urban , manager of the Publications Department at the Oriental Institute , said , � Technology now makes it possible for us to make these works widely available .
So much effort goes into each volume �the author�s original research , editorial work , artwork and photography .
It is rewarding that these books , many of which are long out of print , can be consulted . �
Statistics on downloads of electronic files and sales of printed books have been carefully tracked , and the Publication Sales office has noted that the availability of free downloads has not adversely impacted the sale of the printed volumes .
In fact , the availability of free PDFs of titles has increased print sales .
After the complimentary distribution of 21 titles �books that had not been accessible via the Internet before 2008 � print sales of those same titles increased by 7 percent compared to the previous two years .
� It seemed counterintuitive that making the electronic files available without charge would actually stimulate the sale of hard copies , but that is what we are seeing , � Urban said .
� We suspect that people are sampling the book through the download , then they decide they want a hard copy .
This is an important message to others who are contemplating making their books available on the Internet , � he added .
Print copies of the publications are available through the Oriental Institute�s distributor , David Brown Books : http://www.oxbowbooks.com/.
Our Review
Knightfall is a puzzle game with an RPG slant , asking " Can you save the princess armed with nothing more than a rusting medieval drill ? " .
You need to match coloured blocks in groups of 3 or more ( double click on them ) ; they then disappear and everything on screen falls downwards into place , the twist being you can rotate the screen left and right with the arrow keys to plan which way everything goes .
There are monsters to avoid ( or kill with your drill for XP ) and items to collect , with each level 's goal being to get to the locked gate ( pick up the key on the way ! ) .
In between stages you can spend the money you 've found on items from the shop .
Overall a thoroughly satisfying and entertaining diversion !
Our Rating : 4.5 / 5
Description
Can you save the princess armed with nothing more than a rusting medieval drill and a sense of derring - do ?
Through 5 scenarios , the Knight seeks his stolen love , imprisoned by the Devil himself .
Showcasing a new spin ( literally ) on the puzzle RPG genre , you must guide your Knight to each level 's exit by drilling away the blocks he stands on , and letting gravity take effect !
By rotating the entire game board , you can guide him anywhere you wish ; into confrontations with the monsters that dwell in the dungeons , or to greedily grab the treasures that litter the game – be careful not to run out of stamina , though !
Collect enough currency , and you can buy potions , spells , armour and other trinkets from a shop staffed by a helpful fairy .
3 skill levels cater for absolute beginners , right up to the most hardened strategy fan , 2 different game modes provide essential replayability and a host of achievements await the completist !
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
Only Boy on the Team Male Synchronized Swimmer Fights for Right to Compete
German synchronized swimmer Niklas Stoepel has won major national competitions , but he has still been banned from competiting at the international level .
Officials in the sychronized swimming world , it seems , still are n't ready for men to participate in the sport .
Der Europarat beobachtet die Umsetzung des deutschen Gesetzes zur Zugangserschwernis für Webseiten mit kinderpornographischen Inhalten mit großen Interesse .
" Wir wollen sehen , ob wir daraus Lehren für andere Nationen ziehen können " , sagte Maud de Boer - Buquicchio , stellvertretende Generalsekretärin des Staatenbundes , heute auf der Konferenz " Schutz vor sexueller Gewalt gegen Kinder und Jugendliche mit Fokus auf neue Medien " in Berlin .
Ihr erscheine die kürzlich vom Bundestag beschlossene Regelung als eine " starke Antwort " auf die Verbreitung von Bildern sexuellen Kindermissbrauchs im Internet .
Da das Internet international sei , müsse überlegt werden , ob alle Europarat - Staaten technische Web - Blockaden implementieren sollten , sagte Boer - Buquicchio .
Sie denkt dabei nicht an gesetzliche Verpflichtungen , sondern an freiwillige Vereinbarungen auf Basis " öffentlich - privater Partnerschaften " .
Zudem müssten bei den Sperren die Grundsätze der Meinungsfreiheit berücksichtigt werden .
Generell sei der Europarat gegründet worden , um Freiheitswerte zu verteidigen , die Meinungsfreiheit sei aber kein Freibrief , " Kindern unwiderruflichen Schaden zuzufügen " .
Der Europarat hatte bereits Abkommen gegen Cybercrime und gegen den Missbrauch von Kindern verabschiedet .
Boer - Buquicchio appellierte an die hier noch untätigen Mitgliedsstaaten , diesen Verträgen " sofort " beizutreten und sie ins nationale Recht umzusetzen .
Die Wirtschaft müsse zusätzliche Aufgaben übernehmen , vor allem in den Bereichen Telekommunikation , Banken und Tourismus .
Es gebe bereits eine Empfehlung des Europarats für die Wahrung von Meinungsfreiheit beim Einsatz von Internet - Filtern , ausgearbeitet sei eine ergänzende Strategie für die Stärkung von Medienkompetenz von Kindern und Jugendlichen .
Im kommenden Jahr solle eine Kampagne zur Bekämpfung von sexueller Ausbeutung hinzukommen .
Sharon Cooper von der Chapel Hill School of Medicine an der University of North Carolina meinte , dass die Verbreitung von Bildern sexuellen Missbrauchs von Kindern mit dem Internet deutlich zugenommen habe .
" In den USA starteten wir mit 100.000 Bildern in unserer Datenbank , jetzt sind darin über 15,5 Millionen . "
Die gezeigte Gewalt nehme zu .
Außerdem sei die Zahl der Fälle von sexuellen Missbrauchs von Kindern in der eigenen Familie von 2001 bis 2006 von 300.000 auf 650.000 angestiegen .
An dieser Entwicklung und an der zunehmenden Neigung Jugendlicher zum Missbrauch von Gleichaltrigen übers Netz sei die Medien , Werbe - und Schönheitsindustrie schuld sowie die Macher von Musikvideos , die Prostitution verherrlichen würden .
Zoe Hilton von der britischen National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children sieht den deutschen Gesetzesvorstoß als " exzellentes Beispiel " .
Sie hoffe , dass ihm viele Länder folgen werden .
Das Web 2.0 habe neue Bedenken bei Kinderschützern verursacht , denn es werde einfacher , Kontakte durch Fremde anzubahnen .
Weitere Gefahren machte sie in der Ausbreitung mobiler Internetzugänge aus .
In Großbritannien wachse die " Frustration " über Selbstregulierungsmaßnahmen der Wirtschaft bei Web - Sperren .
Damit würden kinderpornographische Seiten nicht " zu hundert Prozent " geblockt .
Siehe dazu auch :
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( anw )
I have always known that the chip would come and that it would be implanted on a massive scale , but I have never had the feeling that it would be forced upon anyone .
Instead I believe that people will line up by the dozen to have themselves purposefully augmented .
First it will control your medicine and contain your medical records ( in case of an emergency ) , then as a means of locating you in case you are ever lost or kidnapped , thirdly to identify us all as citizens so " they " ca n't sneak into our country ( illegals , terrorists , illegal terrorists etc ) , then it will be used for banking and purchasing power .
They are already being used to track automobiles , packages , elderly people , children , pets and the like .
What people wont know is that it can also be used to track you down making privacy or escape impossible , it will also be used as an internal spying and / or listening device , and lastly it will be a means to shut you down in one fell swoop and erase your ability to survive .
Turn off the chip you have instantly no money , no identification as a citizen and no access to medical aid .
And for added measure maybe they will include some sort of kill device inside which could be used as a remote controlled destruct button , just in case you get out of line .
This technology already exists , and one day not being chipped will mean not being able to function in society .
I only hope that when it happens I am too old and too tired to give a damn or know the difference .
[ edit on 6/8/09 by BlackOps719 ]
Google profits beat analysts ' expectations
Google , the internet search engine , has announced strong results for the first three months of this year .
Net profit for the quarter was $ 1.42 bn ( £ 0.95 bn ) , up 9 % compared with the $ 1.31 bn posted a year earlier .
Revenues came in at $ 5.51 bn , 6 % higher than for the same period last year but a decrease of 3 % on the last quarter .
The results were better than many analysts had expected bearing in mind the recession in the US and the general downturn in advertising spending .
' Uncharted territory ' " Google had a good quarter given the depth of the recession , " said Google chief executive Eric Schmidt .
" These results underline both the resilience of our business model and the ongoing potential of the web as users and advertisers shift online , " he added .
Mr Schmidt did , however , admit that Google had been affected by the economic downturn .
It looks pretty good .
Revenues are in line , which I think will actually positively surprise people
Richard Fetyko
Merriman Curhan Ford
" We are in uncharted territory economically and Google is , absolutely , feeling the impact , " he said .
The strong results were largely due to Google.com , the company said .
Google - owned sites generated revenues of $ 3.7 bn .
This represents a 9 % increase year - on - year .
Revenue from partner sites fell by 3 % .
Revenues from outside the US totalled $ 2.88 bn .
The UK accounted for $ 733 m .
' Positive surprise '
Mr Schmidt said that Google was well positioned with regards to the advertising slowdown that has hit many companies hard .
" Advertisers are still spending , but they are lowering their bids , " said Mr Schmidt .
" The shift to online advertising gives us a big advantage and outpaces any losses from [ falling ] economic activity , " he added .
Analysts agreed with this prognosis .
" As advertisers are getting better control of their budget and a better understanding of their business under these macro conditions , they are taking money away from newspaper and television and going back online to advertise , and Google gets a disproportionate part of the market , " said Sameet Sinha at JMP Securities .
Mr Schmidt did sound a cautionary note when describing the second and third quarters as " seasonally weaker " , but concluded optimistically that : " We are well placed for the recovery and will continue to invest for the long term . "
The results were well received by investors .
" It was a good quarter .
Revenues were in line with [ Wall ] street consensus , " said Jason Avilo at Kaufman Bros .
Richard Fetyko at Merriman Curhan Ford said : " It looks pretty good .
Revenues are in line , which I think will actually positively surprise people . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Microsoft warned Thursday that hackers are actively exploiting a software vulnerability in PowerPoint , the company 's presentation application .
There 's no patch yet for the bug , which could allow an attacker to completely control a computer .
It affects Office 2000 Service Pack 3 , Office XP SP3 , Office 2003 SP3 , and Office 2004 for Mac , Microsoft said in an advisory .
Office 2007 is unaffected .
Microsoft said it has seen limited , targeted attacks .
The Danish security company Secunia ranked the problem as " extremely critical , " its most severe rating .
Secunia said the vulnerability " is caused due to an unspecified error that may result in access to an invalid object in memory when parsing a specially crafted PowerPoint file . "
Microsoft advised users to not open or save Office files that come from untrusted sources .
If the file is opened , users wo n't have much of an indication that it 's a malicious file .
" Usually , these files look legit when opened , so it is quite easy to fall prey and not even notice that something malicious ran in the background , " according to a post on the company 's Malware Protection Center blog .
Hackers frequently hunt for vulnerabilities in commonly used software products , as it's another avenue other than the operating system to infect a computer with malicious software .
To be hacked , a user would either have to download a malicious file hosted on a Web site or open a file sent through e-mail , Microsoft said .
Microsoft has added a signature that will block access to PowerPoint exploit files in its Windows Live OneCare and Forefront Client security products .
The signature is included in definition update 1.55.975.0 or higher .
The company noted that the exploit files have been recently submitted to VirusTotal , a Web site that aggregates antivirus engines .
Malware can be submitted to see which security products detect it .
The site is often used by hackers to determine if their malware will be blocked by certain security software .
In the 1990s , President Bill Clinton announced a historic shift in government support for the poor .
By requiring parents to work instead of merely handing them checks , Clinton vowed to “ end welfare as we know it . ”
This week , California ’s Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is taking that goal quite literally , proposing to eliminate cash assistance for the state ’s poorest families altogether .
Legislators , poverty researchers and poor parents alike greeted with astonishment his unprecedented call to drop the state ’s welfare - to - work program , known as CalWORKs .
The governor ’s proposal would make California the only state in the nation to reject Temporary Assistance to Needy Families block grants , the federal program that allows states to draw funds as long as they impose strict time limits and work requirements on recipients .
Rejecting the $ 3.7 billion federal grant would save the state its matching portion of $ 1.8 billion .
But it also would result in the loss of $ 600 million in federal stimulus funds — money economists and poverty watchers say is desperately needed to invigorate a moribund economy .
The proposal landed in uncharted territory in the Capitol and beyond , with no one able to predict what legislators ultimately will do as the extraordinary recession deepens .
As of late Wednesday afternoon , Schwarzenegger ’s proposal to eliminate CalWORKs appeared to be , if not dead on arrival in the Democrat - controlled Legislature , then on life support .
Legislators from both parties signaled they would oppose a wholesale elimination of programs serving California ’s neediest , including CalWORKs and the Healthy Families insurance program for the children of the working poor .
Even a leading conservative suggested a more surgical approach .
“ There can be a phasing down , a scaling back ” that might over time result in equal savings , said Assemblyman Jim Nielsen , R- Redding , who has been tapped to help lead the Republican Caucus in negotiations to close the state ’s $ 24 billion deficit .
Democrats , too , have responded with shock to the governor ’s proposals , unveiled after voters last week shot down a slate of ballot measures that would have pumped billions into the state ’s coffers by extending taxes and borrowing from Wall Street .
“ Particularly in these extraordinary economic times , it ’s hard for me to believe that the Legislature would ever agree to that — or that this is a serious proposal even from this governor , ” said former Assemblywoman Dion Aroner , a Berkeley Democrat and architect of California ’s welfare - to - work program .
But with the deficit continuing to grow , Schwarzenegger ’s proposal seems certain at least to lead to major changes in the welfare program , which by most accounts has been a notable success , moving millions of families off the public dole and into the work force .
And Schwarzenegger says ending the program , which now serves 1 million children and 300,000 adults , is , frankly , only a start .
By week ’s end , the governor says , he will unveil another $ 3 billion in cuts .
He has said he knows there are faces behind all the dollars disappearing but that he has no other choice .
That ’s hard for Michelle — a San Jose mother of a 2 - month - old — to believe .
The loss of CalWORKs would mean no diaper money , no rent payments and no independence from her baby ’s father , who she said abused her and kept drugs in the house .
Her $ 584 monthly grant has allowed her to receive child care , attend DeAnza College and buy groceries while she works her way to self - sufficiency .
Michelle , who is 26 and did not want her last name used , echoed other CalWORKs clients interviewed who said quite simply that the assistance keeps their families off the streets .
“ CalWORKs is a lifeline between whether we eat or not and whether we have a roof over our head or electricity and gas , ” said Vivian Hain , a Berkeley single mother of three who testified about Schwarzenegger ’s proposal before state legislators Wednesday .
Assemblyman Jim Beall , D - San Jose , argues for administrative cuts — reserving money for benefits rather than state workers who handle cumbersome paperwork and investigators who chase down the low number of “ welfare cheats . ”
Eliminating CalWORKs would result in “ a lot of little kids begging on the streets , ” Beall said .
Adult CalWORKs recipients have a lifetime limit of 60 months on aid .
In exchange for cash benefits that average $ 526 per family , they are required to work or look for work .
The program also offers job training and child care .
Sharon Parrott , a senior analyst at the Washington , D.C. - based Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , called Schwarzenegger ’s plan “ draconian ” and never before attempted in U.S. history .
“ The hardship this would wreak would be very , very significant , ” Parrot said .
“ Certainly , California ’s budget problems are dire , but it seems hard to imagine that this is the only option left . ”
Barbara O’Connor , director of Sacramento State University ’s Institute for the Study of Politics and Media , said it ’s “ counterintuitive and unlikely ” that Democrats will go for the end of welfare .
But she added : “ Anything is possible in this wacky environment . ”
Staff Writer Mike Zapler contributed to this report .
Contact Karen de Sá at kdesa@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5781 .
Skip to 4:23
Billy 's death actually came as a huge surprise as Pitchmen is actually one of the only shows I enjoy watching on Television .
This episode just aired two days ago , I was shocked that they showed a clip of an inventor telling them about his extremely efficient water as fuel cell , Anthony told Billy " I am worried if you did this , someone would take you out , someone from ' The Big Three ' , it would be ' Pitchman ' not ' Pitchmen ' . "
Billy gasped and stumbling told the man apologetically , " this is uh , this is kind of out of our league . "
Anthony tells the man we are just looking to solve common household problems and Billy tells the man " you 're solving the worlds problems ... "
I thought that they would air this segment was bizarre in itself , but then to have Billy turn up dead 2 days later , you 'd think you were living in the twilight zone .
I am not saying this is related but it is bizarre as hell .
- Chris , IL
___THE___
SECRET
DIARY
___OF___
LAURA
PALMER
As seen by Jennifer Lynch
Based upon characters created by
David Lynch and Mark Frost
for the Television series , ' Twin Peaks '
Download as PDF
Dear Diary , July 22 , 1984
My name is Laura Palmer , and as of just three short minutes ago , I officially turned twelve years old !
It is July 22 , 1984 , and I have had such a good day !
You were the last gift I opened and I could hardly wait to come upstairs and start to tell you all about myself and my family .
You shall be the one I confide in the most .
I promise to tell you everything that happens , everything I feel , everything I desire .
And , every single thing I think .
There are some things I can't tell anyone .
I promise to tell these things to you .
Anyway , when I came down for breakfast this morning , I saw that Mom had hung streamers all through the house , and even Dad put on a party hat and tooted away on a kazoo for a while .
I did n't think Donna and I would ever stop laughing !
Oh , Donna is my very best friend in the whole world .
Her last name is Hayward , and her father , Dr. Hayward , delivered me twelve years ago today !
I can't believe I finally made it .
Mom cried at the table because she said before I know it I 'll be a grown - up woman .
Yeah , sure .
It 's going to take years for me to even get my period , I just know it .
She 's crazy if she thinks I 'll be a grown - up in no time , especially if she keeps giving me stuffed animals for my birthday !
Today was just the way I wanted it to be , with only Donna and Mom and Dad there .
And Jupiter , my cat , of course .
For breakfast we had apple pancakes , which are my favorite , with lots of maple syrup and sourdough toast .
Donna gave me the blouse I saw in the window at Horne 's Department Store , and I know she bought it with her allowances because she was saving all of them for a long time and would n't tell me why .
It 's the most beautiful blouse you 've ever seen !
It is white and silky and has tiny embroidered roses all over it , but not so many that it looks bad .
It 's just perfect .
On Donna 's birthday , I 'm going to get her something extra special too .
My cousin Madeline , Maddy for short , is visiting tomorrow for a whole week .
She and Donna and I are going to build a fort in the woods and camp out if Mom will let us .
I know Dad will .
He likes the woods as much as I do .
One night I had a dream that Dad moved us to a house deep in the woods and my bedroom had a big tree outside the window with two songbirds nesting there .
I 'll be back in a minute , Diary , Dad is calling to me from downstairs .
He says he has a surprise !
I 'll tell you everything when I get back !
Love , Laura
Dear Diary , July 22 , 1984 , later
You will never ever believe what just happened !
I went downstairs and Dad told Mom and I to get in the car and not to ask any questions until we got to where we were going .
Of course , Mom asked questions the whole way .
I did n't mind because I thought maybe something would slip out of Dad 's mouth , but it did n't .
I just kept quiet so that I would n't lose my surprise .
When we pulled up to The Broken Circle Stables , I knew !
Daddy bought me a pony !
Diary , he is so beautiful , much more beautiful than I could ever have dreamed .
His colors are cinnamon red and deep brown , and his eyes are big and sweet .
Mom could n't believe it when she saw it and she started asking Dad how he managed to do it without anyone knowing .
Dad said it would ruin the surprise if she knew , and he 's right .
Mom nearly had a heart attack when she saw me underneath the pony 's legs to find out if it was a boy or a girl .
I barely had to look to find out that it was a boy .
Like I 've never seen one of those before .
Mom does n't know her little girl the way she thinks she does , hmmm ?
Back to my pony .
I decided his name should be Troy , like the pony in Mrs. Larkin 's photo book .
Zippy , who works at the stables , said he would make a nameplate for me that says TROY in big letters , and he 'll hang it right in front so that everyone will know his name when they see him .
Troy is still too young to ride , but in two months I 'll be able to get on and just race through the fields !
Today I walked him and fed him carrots ( Dad brought them with us in the trunk ) and a cube of sugar that Zippy gave me .
Troy loved ail of it .
Before I left him , I whispered in his warm , soft ear that I would see him tomorrow and that I would write all about him , here , in my diary .
I can't wait to show him to Donna !
I almost forgot , Maddy will see him too !
On the way home from the stables Dad said that Troy and I have the same birthday , because when a pony is given as a gift to someone who will love him , they share everything .
So happy birthday to Troy too !
I 'm glad I do n't know where he came from , because this way , it is almost as if Heaven sent him down just for me .
Anyway , Diary , tomorrow is a big day and tonight I will sleep very well , dreaming of Troy and all of the time we shall spend together .
I am the luckiest girl in the world .
Love , Laura
P.S. I hope BOB does n't come tonight .
Dear Diary , July 23 , 1984
It is very late at night and I can't sleep .
I have had nightmare after nightmare and have finally chosen to avoid sleeping altogether .
I figure Maddy will be tired from her ride out here and will want to take a nap tomorrow anyway , so I can sleep then .
Maybe if the sky is light when I sleep , my dreams wo n't be so dark .
One of them was just awful .
I woke up crying , and I was afraid Mom would come in if she heard me , and I just want to be alone right now , and she would n't understand that .
She always comes in and sings " Waltzing Matilda " to me when I can't sleep , or like tonight when I have bad dreams .
It 's not that I do n't want her to sing to me , it is just that there was this strange man in my dream singing just that song in Mom 's voice , and it frightened me so much I could hardly move .
In the dream I was walking through the woods out by the Pearl Lakes , and there was this very strong wind , but only around me .
It was hot .
The wind .
And about twenty feet away from me there was this man with long hair and very large , callused hands .
They were very rough and he held them out to me as he sang .
His beard did n't blow in the wind because the wind was only around me .
The tips of his thumbs were black like coal and he wiggled them around in circles as his hands got closer to me .
I kept walking toward him , even though I did n't want to at all because he frightened me so much .
He said , " I have your cat , " and Jupiter ran behind him and off into the woods like a little white speck on a piece of black paper .
He just kept singing and I tried to tell him I wanted to go home and I wanted Jupiter to come with me , but I could n't talk .
Then he lifted his hands up in the air very , very high , like he was growing bigger and taller every minute , and as his hands went up , I felt the wind around me stop and everything went silent .
I thought that he was letting me go because he could read my mind , at least it felt that way .
And so when he stopped the wind with his hands like that , I thought he was letting me free , letting me go home .
Then I had to look down because there was this heat between my legs , not nice warm , but hot .
It burned me and so I had to spread my legs open so they would cool .
So that they would stop burning , so so hot .
And they started spreading by themselves like they were going to snap off of my body , and I thought , I 'm going to die this way , and how will anyone understand that I tried to keep my legs closed , but they burned and I could n't .
And then the man looked at me and smiled this awful smile , and in Mom 's voice he sang , " You 'll come a'waltzing Matilda with me .
. . "
And I tried to talk again but I could n't , and I tried to move but I could n't do that either , and he said , " Laura , you are home . "
And I woke up .
Sometimes when I 'm dreaming I feel trapped there and so frightened .
But now when I look at what I just wrote , it does n't seem so scary .
Maybe I 'll write down all of my dreams from now on so that I wo n't have to be afraid of them .
One night last year I had such an awful dream that the whole next day in school , I could n't work .
Donna thought I was going nuts because every time she said my name or touched my shoulder in class to pass a note , I jumped .
I was n't going nuts , like Nadine Hurley or anything , but I was still feeling like I was in a dream .
I do n't really remember it , but all I know was in the dream I was in a lot of trouble because I had n't passed this weird test where you have to help a certain number of people across this river in a boat , and I could n't do it , because I just wanted to swim or something , and so they sent someone after me , to touch me in bad , mean ways .
I do n't remember any more , and I guess it 's no loss .
I 'm so tired of waiting to grow up .
Someday it will happen and I 'll be the only person who can make me feel bad or good about anything I do .
I 'll talk to you tomorrow .
I 'm getting pretty tired .
Laura
Dear Diary , July 23 , 1984
Cousin Maddy will be here any minute .
Dad went to pick her up at the station by himself because Mom would n't let him wake me .
I slept until just fifteen minutes ago .
No dreams at all , except Mom says she heard me calling out to her and then I hooted like an owl !
I 'm so embarrassed .
She said she came into my room and I was half asleep but I . . . hooted again , and then she says I giggled and rolled over and went back to sleep .
I hope she does n't tell anyone about this .
She always tells people things like that when we have dinner parties with the Haywards or something .
It always starts .
with , " Laura did the sweetest , most odd thing . . . "
And I know it 's coming .
Like one night she said , right in front of everyone , that I had sleptwalked into the kitchen one night just before she was going to bed .
I took off all my clothes , stuffed them in the stove , and went back to bed .
Now every time I go to the stove at the Haywards ' when Donna and I help with dinner , Mrs. Hayward makes a joke about whether or not I realize that the stove is a stove and not a washing machine .
Mom had been drinking the night she told that , so I forgave her .
But if she tells anyone I hooted , I 'll just die .
I do n't suppose there is ever a time that parents stop being a source of constant embarrassment to their children .
Mine are no exception .
Maybe if I could stop doing stupid things in my sleep , she would n't have anything to tell people .
More later .
Laura ( hoot , hoot )
Dear Diary , July 27 , 1984
I have so much to tell you .
These words come to you from the inside of a fort that Donna and Maddy and I built .
Dad and Mom said it was okay as long as we stayed just out back .
We used wood that Ed Hurley gave us , and Dad hammered everything together .
Donna says that if a storm came up , it would all be over for us , but I have a feeling it would stand , no matter what happened .
Maddy is so pretty now .
She 's sixteen years old and I 'm so jealous of her life !
I wish I were sixteen !
She has a boyfriend at home that she already misses , and he called her at the house earlier just to make sure she got here all right .
Dad teased her about how cutesy she was on the phone , but Maddy did n't mind .
Donna thinks that when she has a steady boyfriend , she 'll probably be forty years old and going deaf .
I told her she was crazy because boys already like both of us , we 're just too smart to go out with them .
I wonder what it will be like when someone besides my parents loves me , and if he will call when I travel to make sure that I 'm all right .
Anyway , earlier we all went to see Troy at the stables and brushed and fed him .
Both Donna and Maddy said they 'd never seen such a beautiful pony in their lives .
I wonder what I did to deserve him .
Donna has been wishing for a pony for years too , and her father never bought her one .
I wonder how long Troy will live and if I will cry forever when he dies .
Donna just saw what I wrote about Troy 's dying , and she says I think too many sad thoughts , and that if I keep it up , who knows what will happen .
Donna does n't know everything I know .
I can't help but think sad thoughts sometimes .
Sometimes they are the closest things to my mind .
Mom packed us sandwiches and two thermoses .
One filled with milk , ice - cold .
The other with hot chocolate .
Maddy wo n't drink more than one cup of the hot chocolate ' cause she says it gives her zits .
I do n't see a zit on her face anywhere .
She started her period three years ago and says it 's just a nightmare .
It gives you acne and cramps and you 're tired and angry all the time you have it .
Great .
Something else to look forward to .
Mom got her period when she was my age , and I only hope that does n't mean I 'll get mine this year too .
Now that Maddy has described it to me , I 'm not at all interested .
All of us are eating sandwiches and drinking milk , and writing in our diaries .
Maddy 's is so big and full !
Donna 's is more full than mine , but I 'm going to make you bigger than Maddy 's is .
I like the idea of keeping my thoughts all in one place , like a brain you can look into .
We hung a flashlight from the top of the fort so that the light comes down and we can all see .
A little bit of light came from the house windows , but we covered it up because we all agreed that it ruined the feeling of being out in the woods alone .
All of the blankets and food already make us feel like we 're exactly where we are .
In the backyard !
Maddy says she brought a pack of cigarettes with her and that later , after Mom and Dad are asleep , if we want to , we can try one .
She says they 're stale because she 's had them for months but has n't touched them because she 's afraid her parents will find out .
Maybe I 'll try one .
Donna says she does n't want to , and Maddy and I said we would n't pressure her because real friends do n't do that .
But I 'll bet you I can make Donna smoke one just by giving her the right look .
I just bet you .
More later .
I 'm back .
We 've been laughing so hard all of our stomachs ache from it .
Maddy was describing how she kisses her boyfriend with her tongue , and it made Donna and me crazy .
Donna made a face and said she did n't like the idea of tongue - kissing , and I pretended to think the same . . . but honestly , Diary , when I heard how you do it , I got a very strange funny feeling in my stomach .
Different from . . . never mind .
I got the feeling that I might like tongue - kissing and I 'm going to try it with a boy I like as soon as I can .
Maddy said she was afraid at first , but she 's been doing it for a year now and she loves it .
I told both of them about last month when I had a fever and went into my parents ' bedroom and saw them naked with Dad on top .
I just left the room and Mom came to see me a few minutes later with some aspirin and 7 - Up .
She never said a word about it .
Donna says they were definitely having sex , and I already knew that , but they did n't seem to like it .
They just seemed to be moving very slowly and not even really looking at each other .
Maddy thinks it was probably " just a quickie . "
Ugghh .
My parents having sex .
What a gross thing .
I know that 's where I came from but I do n't care if I never see that again .
I 'm promising right now that if and when I ever have sex , it will be a lot more fun than that .
Well , Mom and Dad just came to say good - night to us , and to tell Donna that her parents called and said she did n't have to go to church tomorrow so that she can sleep in with us .
We were all glad to hear that .
Dad made us all close our eyes and open our hands , and he stuck a candy bar in each of them and told us not to tell Mom .
Then Mom came in and handed me a little bag and said do n't tell your father .
There were three more candy bars in the bag !
Maddy just looked at her candy and sighed .
" Zits , " was all she could say .
But she tore both of them open and we all forced both candy bars into our mouths and tried to sing " Row , Row , Row Your Boat " while our mouths were full .
Donna said the chewed candy looked like something Troy would leave for us , and we all had to spit it out .
Maddy told a pretty good story , a scary one , about a family that goes away for the night and comes home to find people hiding in their house waiting to kill them all .
There was more to it than that , but I 'm not so sure how much I want to remember about it later on .
I do n't want to feed my dreams .
Donna got out of the fort to pee , and Maddy told me that she had been having some bad dreams too .
She said she did n't want to talk about them in front of Donna because maybe she would n't understand .
She says she 's been having dreams of me in the woods .
Donna came back and Maddy would n't say any more .
I wonder if Maddy has seen the long - haired man ?
Or the wind ?
Maddy writes poems in her diary because she says that they are sometimes more fun to write than just the old boring stuff , and just in case anyone ever saw your diary , they might not understand everything if it was in poems .
I 'll try that tomorrow .
More later .
Aha !
I told you I could get Donna to try a cigarette .
Maddy brought them out and lit one of them , then she passed it to me to try .
I like blowing smoke out of my mouth .
Sort of like a spirit coming out of me , a dancing , flowing , wispy spirit .
Like I was a grown - up woman with people all around me , just staring like they wanted to be me .
Even Donna said I looked like a mature person when I smoked .
I did n't even inhale so I wonder what it would be like if I did .
Donna was next , and before she could say no , I just said , " I 'm glad I tried it , and I do n't ever have to do it again if I do n't want to . "
So she took it and made a few puffs of smoke in the fort .
She looked good smoking too , but she got kind of scared and sucked some smoke in and started coughing really loud , so we put out the cigarette and aired out the fort real quick in case Mom and Dad woke up .
I think I 'll buy a pack of cigarettes someday and just keep them like Maddy does .
I 'm not going to get hooked or anything .
I 'm too careful .
Well , we 're going to bed now and all of us are signing off to our diaries .
Good night to you .
I think you and I shall be wonderful companions .
Love , Laura
Dear Diary , July 29 , 1984
Here is a poem .
From the light in my window he can see into me
But I can not see him until he is close
Breathing , with a smile at my window
He comes to take me
Turn me round and round
Come out and play Come play
Lie still Lie still Lie still .
Little rhymes and little songs
Pieces of the forest in my hair and clothes
Sometimes I see him near me
when I know he can't be there
Sometimes I feel him near me
and I know it is something just to bear .
When I call out
No one can hear me
When I whisper , he thinks the message
Is for him only .
My little voice inside my throat
I always think there must be something
That I 've done
Or something I can do
But no one no one comes to help ,
He says ,
A little girl like you .
Dear Diary , July 30 , 1984
Maddy brought a bunch of clothes with her , and she had me try all of them on in front of the mirror .
She could tell I was feeling depressed about something . . . I guess .
Some of her clothes are very beautiful .
I liked the way they made me feel .
Especially the short skirt and the high heels with this little fluffy white sweater .
Maddy said I looked like Audrey Horne .
She 's the daughter of the man , Benjamin Horne , that my father works for .
Benjamin is very very very rich .
Audrey is a pretty girl but she 's quiet and sometimes mean .
Her father does n't pay much attention to her , and that 's probably why she acts that way .
He has been very attentive to me , however , all of my life .
Each time there is a party or a get - together at the Great Northern , Benjamin puts me on his lap or knee and sings to me softly in my ear .
Sometimes I feel very bad for Audrey , because when she sees him singing to me , it must make her sad because she often runs from the room and does n't come back until her mother makes her .
Other times I kind of feel good when she runs off .
Like I am the center of attention , and that I am more special to him than his own daughter .
I know that is n't nice to say , but I 'm just being honest .
To be very honest , I think I like the way I looked in Maddy 's clothes too .
Something stirred inside me like a bubble .
The way you feel on a carousel when you 're not used to the up and down of it yet .
I 'll bet if I dressed this way all the time , things would be very different .
Maddy and I took a walk later on , but of course , in our jeans and T - shirts .
Twin Peaks does n't see many high heels and short skirts without banners all around announcing a dance or festival .
We walked to Easter Park and sat in the gazebo for a while .
Maddy said that her life at home is fine , " except for the sometimes unbelievable nosiness of my parents . "
I made sure to quote her exactly there because I thought it was so well put .
She said that there are a lot of things in life , she thinks , that do n't seem right at first , and then you settle into them .
Maybe that 's how I should start thinking .
Maybe I should be a better person and not think so much all the time about what is happening to me .
I hope someday soon I 'll be good enough at this to rid myself of all the things that trouble me so .
Things I still cannot even describe other than in bits and pieces .
If I am a better person , and if I try harder every day , perhaps all of this will work out .
Love , Laura
Someday Growing Up Will Come Easier July 30 , 1984 , later
Deep inside are woman 's hills about to come up
To see the sky
To see the sun and moon
And the tiny stars in the black of a man 's hand
Sometimes in the morning
I 'll look across myself
See hills and valleys forming
Think of rivers underground .
Outside me
I am blooming
Inside I am dry
If only I could understand
The reason for my crying
If only I could stop this fear
Of dreaming that I 'm dying .
Dear Diary , August , 1984
I have n't written for a long time , and for that I am truly sorry .
Maddy left three days ago , and I feel very frightened .
inside about something I do not understand .
One good thing happened .
In the middle of the night last night , I had the most wonderful sensation inside me .
Like something warm in my chest , and warm between my legs .
My whole body went inside out , it seemed , and I felt like I could just float away .
I think I had one of those orgasms in my sleep .
It 's so awful and so embarrassing to write , but kind of nice at the same time .
Right after it , I had this fantasy that a boy came into my room and put his hand across my nightgown and touched me softly .
He whispered nice , gentle things , and then said I had to lie very still or he would leave .
Then he pulled me to the end of the bed by my feet , and when my knees were bent over the end of my mattress , he made me close my eyes and I felt him open me up , bigger and bigger , and I had to look to see what was happening , and when I did , he was gone .
But I looked at my stomach and I was pregnant .
He was inside me , but small like a baby .
I wish it had n't ended like that .
I do n't know why my brain did that .
I liked it better when he was pulling me down gently and taking soft control .
Laura
Dear Diary , August 7 , 1984
I spent the afternoon with Troy today , cleaning him , and brushing and feeding him .
I was fascinated by how much he seems to understand how I 'm feeling .
He nuzzled up against me for a long time while I brushed his mane and head , and when I sat down in the comer of his stall , he lowered his head , and I let him breathe all across my neck and face .
I wonder if people fall deeply in love with horses the way I love mine , or if I am wrong to be thinking or feeling any of these things .
I wish Donna were here .
I really wish Maddy were here .
I 'm going to call Donna and see if she can come over for a sleepover or something .
Maybe I could go there .
That might even be better .
Sometimes my bedroom is the best place in the world , and other times it is like a place that closes in and suffocates me .
I wonder if it 's like that when you die . . . suffocating .
Or if it 's like they say it is when you 're in church .
That you float up and up until Jesus sees you and takes your hand .
I 'm not sure I want to be near Jesus when I die .
I might make a mistake , even just a small one , and upset him .
I do n't know enough about him to know what might make him mad .
Sure , the Bible says he 's forgiving and has died for my sins and loves everyone no matter their faults . . . but people say I am the perfect daughter , the happiest girl in the world , and one without any troubles .
And that is not true at all .
So how will I know if Jesus is really like me ?
Scared and bad sometimes even though most people might not know how and when ?
I 'll probably be a gift to Satan if I am not careful .
Sometimes when I have to see Bob , I think I am with Satan anyway , and that I 'll never make it out of the woods in time to be Laura , good and true and pure , ever again .
Sometimes I think that life would be so much easier if we did n't have to think about being boys or girls or men or women or old or young , fat or thin . . . if we could all just be certain we were the same .
We might be bored , but the danger of life and of living would be gone .
. . .
I 'll be back after I call Donna .
Donna said she wishes we could do something together tonight , but her family is having " family night " tonight .
I guess it 's just me and you , Diary .
Maybe we can go out to the woods soon and smoke one of the cigarettes Maddy left for me .
There are four of them , and I hid them carefully in the bedpost .
That 's where I hide notes from school I do n't want Mom to find when she 's in here cleaning / snooping - you know , mom stuff .
I love her , but she does n't always understand what I try to tell her .
She 'd probably have a heart attack if she knew all of the things that go on in my head .
Anyway , the knob comes off and there is a hole there .
Dad would call it a " cavity . "
It is about four inches deep and it is the perfect hiding place .
You can't even tell the knob comes off as long as there is a purse strap or sweater over the post .
So maybe we can go out , just you and 1 , with a flashlight and a cigarette and just talk to each other .
I know you , more than even Donna , can keep a secret .
I could never tell Mom about the sexy stuff I think about .
I 'm afraid that if I let it come out of my mouth that God will hear , or that someone will know how bad I am , and they 'll say . . .
Nobody else ever thinks things like that !
I 'll bet they do n't .
I 'll bet I 'll never get the man I want , because anytime we try to kiss or fool around , he 'll think I 'm a crazy person who is sick and weird .
I hope I 'm not .
I would be so awfully sad if that were true .
How could I stop thinking the way that I do ?
I can't stop my mind from wanting to think things like that .
The thoughts that make my body warm , and my chest go up and down , filling with air and letting go , the way they do in books and movies , but still different , because they never talk about the fantasies I have .
I 'm going to go downstairs for dinner now .
I wish I could fit you in the bedpost too .
For now I will tape you to the wall behind my bulletin board .
I hope you wo n't fall !
More later , Laura
Well , Diary , August 11 , 1984
Here we are .
About a mile from home , just before dark .
The summer months seem to make the woods less dangerous until later at night .
It is warm out , and you and I are sitting together leaning at the base of a great tree .
A Douglas fir .
Donna 's and my favorite .
When I look up , it is like the tree is cradling me .
I think I 'll smoke that cigarette .
I brought a soda just so I could put the ashes and the butt in the can so as not to set the whole town of T.P. on fire .
We call Twin Peaks T.P. in school sometimes .
The world wipes its butt with T.P. Bobby Briggs says that the most .
Then he pulls all the girls ' hair and makes burping noises in our faces .
He likes us all , of course .
I was in the Double R. one day after school and he came in just after me and tugged on my hair super hard .
Norma winked at me and asked if we had set the date for the wedding yet .
She 's off her rocker if she thinks I go near him .
Any boy I go near wo n't be pulling on my hair like that .
. . .
I think he'd pull on my hair the way they do in my fantasies .
With their whole hand , slowly making a fist at the back of my head , and pulling me close for a tongue kiss .
I wonder if all penises look the way Dad 's does .
I can still see Mom trying to cover it with the sheet that night .
It sort of reminded me of something raw .
Something that might be okay in a while , or was okay a while ago , before someone pulled all of the skin off it and got it looking all pink and weird .
Maybe I 'll see a nicer one someday .
God , I hope I do .
I wo n't lie there like Mom did .
Just like a fish on the dock , trying to learn how to breathe out of water .
Little tiny huffs and puffs , but nothing else .
If I can find the right man , maybe I 'll be comfortable enough to act just the way I think girls should when they are with someone .
Half in control and half . . .
I do n't know the word .
Maybe I 'm getting too nasty .
I would just die if anyone saw what I 've written .
The owls have started hooting .
One of them is just above me in the tree .
. . .
Something about him is strange .
I know it is a boy owl , and I feel like he 's watching me .
Each time I look up at him his head moves like he is quickly turning away from me .
I wonder if he knows what I 've been writing .
God , I had better start being a very good girl .
Right away .
Perhaps he is a bird like in that story I read .
This big bird could swoop down and rest on someone 's shoulder , acting very sweet , but would then read the person 's mind .
If the person was thinking bad thoughts , the bird would peck away at the person 's eyes and ears so that there would only be questions of sound and sight in the person 's head , instead of bad and nasty thoughts .
I dream of flying sometimes .
I wonder if birds dream of going to school or to work sometimes .
Having suits and dresses instead of the feathers we dream of .
I would fly right over Twin Peaks and out over the land beyond it .
I 'd never come back if I did n't have to .
I 'll write a poem , then head back home .
Inside me there is something
No one knows about
Like a secret
Sometimes it takes over
And I drift back
Deep into darkness .
This secret tells me
I will never grow older
Never laugh with friends
Never be who I should if I ever reveal
Its name .
I cannot tell if it is real
Or if I dream of it
For when it touches me
I drift off
No tears come
No screams
I am wrapped up
In a nightmare of hands
And of fingers
And of small tiny voices in the woods .
So wrong
So beautiful
So bad
So Laura .
I have to go home .
Now .
It is too dark .
This is not a nice place to me right now .
Laura
Dear Diary , August 16 , 1984
Never before in my life have I been so confused .
It is five - thirty exactly in the morning , and I can barely hold this pen I am shaking so much .
I have been in the woods again .
Lost .
But have been led .
I think I am a very bad person .
Tomorrow I will start a new way of living .
I will not think any more bad thoughts .
I will not think any more about sex .
Maybe he will stop coming if I try harder to be good .
Maybe I could be like Donna .
She is a good person .
I am bad .
Laura
P.S. I promise , I promise , I promise to be good !
Dear Diary , August 31 , 1984
I have not written to you for ages because I have been trying so hard to be happy and good and around people all the time so that I am never alone to think about the wrong things .
Today I must write to You , though , to tell you of the news .
I got my period .
It is not at all what I thought it would be .
School starts next week and now this .
I was getting out of bed this morning and saw the blood .
I called for Mom , and she of course made this enormous deal out of the whole thing .
She called Dad when I had told her not to tell anyone .
And now everyone probably knows up at the Great Northern .
All I wanted was some damn pads or something , and she has to go into all of this stuff about how I am now a woman and everything .
Okay .
Okay .
So it is kind of special .
But this can only make things worse if I am not careful .
I 'm in bed now with cramps .
Mom moved the television into my room , which was nice , and I have a heating pad on my belly and tons of aspirin on my nightstand .
Television does n't interest me much , so I am left once again with strange thoughts of life and of . . . other things .
I guess what is coming from me was to be the life source of some other being .
I am glad there is no one inside me right now .
At least not a child .
Sometimes I think there is someone inside me , but it is another , stranger part of me .
Sometimes I see her in the mirror .
I do n't know that I ever want to have children of my own .
Something happens to parents , or people who become parents .
I think they forget they were ever children themselves and that things might embarrass or upset their kids sometimes , but they have just forgotten or decided to ignore that .
Too many bad things happen to me sometimes late at night , so I probably would not be such a good mother .
This makes me sad inside .
I am glad of one thing .
Jupiter is beside me in bed , and he is purring away softly .
Like you , he would never criticize me .
Laura
Dear Diary , September 1 , 1984
My breasts ache , which is almost silly because they 're so tiny .
I 'll admit they are bigger than they were last week , and certainly nicer looking .
Always hard at the little pink tips .
But God they hurt .
Mom came in earlier and we actually had a nice talk .
I told her I wished she had n't told Dad about my period , and she apologized but said she only did it because she knew how proud he would be of his little girl 's becoming a woman .
She changed the water in my heating pad and rubbed my stomach for a long time .
We did n't need to say anything to each other for a long while , and still I felt like we were talking .
She crawled into bed with me for about an hour after that and let me fall asleep on her shoulder .
We shared a soda when I woke up , and for the first time in a long while , I felt like we were really close .
I hope I can sleep through the night tonight .
Love , Laura
Dear Diary , September 9 , 1984
I have discovered something about myself .
Do you remember the night I told you I woke up with that wonderful feeling ?
Well !
There is a special place on my body that lets me feel that as often as I like .
A warm , wonderful place where everything else melts away and I am free to just feel good .
My little secret red button .
This is all mine .
Finally something that will take me away along with my fantasies .
I can do it in my bed , very softly with my fingertip , which is so sweet .
I can do it in the bathtub with the water as it pours out of the faucet .
( I never knew a bath could be so enjoyable ! )
Or in the shower , with a small stream of water coming from above .
I move and jump and sometimes have to grab a pillow and put it over my head so that it is dark and no one can hear me making little noises .
It is , after all , a secret , and whether this is right or wrong , I feel very good when it happens and no one need ever know , except you , dear Diary .
It has been quite a week with my period coming and all , and now this sweet - as - honey discovery .
Now I am beginning to feel like a woman , and someday very soon , perhaps I will share this with someone special .
Good night !
Good night !
Good night !
Laura
P.S. I hope in my heart that I am not doing something that is wrong by touching myself .
I hope this is something all girls do , and that I wo n't be punished for it later .
To the person invading my privacy : September 15 , 1984
I cannot believe the distrust I feel in my family and friends .
I know for a fact that my diary was taken and read by someone , maybe several someones .
I will not be writing any more in this diary for a long time , if ever .
You have ruined my trust and my feeling of security .
I hate you for that , whoever you are !
On these pages I have written things sometimes too scary or too embarrassing even to read again myself .
. . .
I trust that these pages are turned only by me , only when I wish .
Many things are hurting and confusing me .
I need my private pages , in order to see my mind outside me , push it away .
Please stay away from this diary .
I mean it .
Laura
Dear Diary , October 3 , 1985
I have decided , over twelve months later , to begin speaking to you again .
I have found a hiding place I will not speak of , in case you are found outside it and someone nosy wishes to know of its whereabouts .
I know it was not your fault someone found you and decided to pry , but it has taken me a long time to feel safe enough to write in your pages again .
Many , many things have happened since you last heard from me , and many of these things have proven that my thoughts on the world 's being mostly a cruel and sad place are true and have been confirmed as such .
I trust no one , and only rarely myself .
I struggle most mornings , afternoons , and evenings with what is right and what is wrong .
I do not understand if I am being punished for something I have done wrong , something I do n't remember , or if this happens to everyone , and I am just too stupid to understand it .
First of all , I found out that Dad did not give Troy to me .
Benjamin Horne did .
The details are not important , but let 's just say I overheard Audrey arguing with her dad about it , when I was up at the Great Northern visiting Johnny .
Johnny is Audrey 's brother , Benjamin 's other child .
Johnny is slow .
He is older than I am , but has the mentality of a young child .
That 's what the doctors say at least .
Sometimes I think he 's just chosen to keep quiet because it is so much more interesting sometimes to just listen to people instead of talking to them .
He never speaks except to say " Yes " or " Indian . "
He loves Indians .
He wears a headdress constantly .
One made of beautifully colored feathers and died strips of leather .
In his eyes the world is a strange mix of happiness and pain , and I think I understand Johnny more than I do a lot of other people .
Perhaps I could find a way to spend more time with him .
He is so often left alone .
I am glad that Troy is my pony , and I love riding him , walking with him , and just watching him graze .
But now I feel awkward about Dad .
Like he is less of an honest man for claiming that Troy was a gift from him .
Maybe Benjamin wanted it that way , I do n't know .
But no matter what , I am somehow more intrigued by Benjamin now and feel like I owe him more than Dad .
Sometimes I think that I would rather not have gotten a pony of my own at all , because that way I would n't have lost any respect for Dad , and Benjamin would just have been Benjamin .
Even worse , Audrey and I will probably never ever get along now .
I am a little sick inside that I am the one who caused this .
Also it gives me a feeling of power .
Why do these things happen to me ?
You know , I think out of all of the men I know in the world , Dr. Hayward has been the most loving to me .
He is unselfish , kind , and always shows me a gentle smile of inspiration or forgiveness - or anything that somehow always perfectly fills the gap I feel inside me .
Thirteen years ago , he brought me into the world and held tight to my small body , for just a moment .
In daydreams , I imagine that moment to be one of the warmest there ever was in my life .
I love him for holding me , that frightened young child fresh to the air and light , and for making me believe , without even a word , that he would hold me again if I ever needed him to .
He reminds me of someone I would n't mind seeing every day of my life .
A grandfather sweetness , inside a father 's helping hand .
I 'll be back after dinner .
There is plenty of more news .
Love , Laura
Dear Diary , October 3 , 1985 , later
Dinner was good tonight .
One of my favorite meals , potato pancakes with creamed - corn topping and vegetables on the side .
I 'll have to start changing the way I eat soon , or run the risk of blowing up like a balloon .
Mom made it special for me tonight because she knows I 'm still upset about Jupiter .
She and Dad ate chicken instead .
Jupiter is the other news .
Usually he 'll go out back and play in the yard area .
It is n't fenced in , but he never wandered .
I guess he was too smart to leave a home that loved him so much and fed him so well .
Even though I did n't write to you often of him , he was one of the most special things in the world to me , always sweet and gentle .
Always loved me no matter what I looked like or what I had done wrong or right for the day .
Often , on nights that I could not sleep , the two of us would play downstairs with a ball of string , to only the light of the tiny wall lamp .
We would enjoy ice cream in the kitchen afterward .
He was a true vanilla fan .
It would be dark in the house , and the two of us prowled together until sleep found us , hours after we had given up on getting any at all .
I still have a photo Dad took of Jupiter and me on the living room couch after one of these nights .
We had n't made it back upstairs to sleep and had fallen asleep on the couch instead .
I gave the photo of Jupiter to Sheriff Truman so that he could post it in the station .
I hope they find whoever hit Jupiter .
I know it was probably an accident , because a few minutes before it happened , he had found a small mouse or something .
. . .
I had n't paid much attention , but he raced off with it and was hit out on the road .
Mom heard the noise and called for me to stay where I was until she knew what had happened .
But sometimes Mom and I think the same thoughts , have the same dreams , and she knows better than to think I 'd stay in my room when I knew .
So I did n't listen and went out to see him , still breathing for a few moments afterward , and bleeding from his eyes and tummy .
I can't believe someone could hit a cat like that , right in the middle of the day , and not tell someone .
Not think to stop and come to the closest house and report what had happened .
Mom heard the car screech , and Dad says he wishes he had been home because he might have been able to tell what kind of car it was that hit him , just by the sound .
I doubt it , but it was a nice thought .
He 's buried outside now .
A good friend gone , when I so cherish the few I have .
I wish something else would have died instead of Jupiter .
To be honest with you , as I always am , many people in Twin Peaks like me .
Lots know my name , and especially at school I feel quite popular .
The only problem is that I do n't really know any of these people the way they think they know me .
And I think I am safe in saying , they do n't know me at all .
Donna knows the most .
But still I am afraid to tell her of my fantasies and my nightmares , because sometimes she is good at understanding , and other times she just giggles , and I do n't have the nerve to ask why things like that are funny to her .
So I feel badly again and shut up about it for a long time .
I love Donna very much , but sometimes I worry that she would n't be around me at all if she knew what my insides were like .
Black and dark , and soaked with dreams of big , big men and different ways they might hold me and take me into their control .
A fairy princess who thinks she has been rescued from the tower , but finds that the man who takes her away is not there to save her , but instead to go inside her , deep .
To ride her as if she were an animal , to tease her and make her close her eyes , and listen as he tells her all that he does .
Step by step .
I hope that is not a bad thing to think .
Love , Laura
Dear Diary , October 12 , 1985
I tried a marijuana cigarette the other night .
Donna and I had a sleepover at her place , but her parents went out for the night with mine to the Great Northern for a party Benjamin was throwing .
Donna and I did n't really want to go , and I especially did n't because of Audrey .
I talked Donna into riding our bikes up to the Book House to meet some new people .
It took me forever to convince her I would n't tell anyone , and that we would be back before our parents .
Finally she agreed because both of us have been terribly bored with all the same faces around all the time .
We were barely there a half hour before these guys , Josh and Tim , and one other one , but I can't remember his name , came up to us .
I was smoking a cigarette that I stole from the reception desk at the Great Northern one day when I brought Johnny an Indian storybook .
They thought we were older because one of us was smoking .
So Josh came up with Tim and the other guy .
They said they were from Canada , and there was no doubt about that because they could n't stop saying " ay . "
" Want a better cigarette , ay ? "
Tim liked Donna right away , which freaked her out a little because all three of them were like twenty years old .
None of them rocked my boat .
They all looked like nice guys .
I felt pretty safe , but not excited . . . you know what I mean ?
Anyway , I said I wanted to try a better cigarette , and Donna and I followed them out to the back of the Book House to do it .
Donna made up this elaborate story about how we were just visiting Twin Peaks for the night , and that we had to meet our tour bus in less than an hour .
She said we were on a tour called Round About the Woods .
I guess they believed her because they hurried up and lit this thing right up .
Josh said we might not feel it the first time , but Donna and I proved him wrong .
He said we had to " Hold it in , ay ? "
And we did . . . six times !
Diary , it was amazing .
Talk about feeling relaxed and warm and a little bit . . . sexy .
I called Donna " Trisha , " and she called me " Bernice " !
( Just in case they ever came back and asked for us . . . for any reason .
We did n't want anyone to know . )
So , we were absolutely laughing harder than I ever have before .
Every single thing I saw was hysterical .
Everything was blurred and kinda wavy , like I was looking at the world through the bottom of an empty water glass .
There was a warm , summer wind , and the trees smelled so good .
Tim brought us a cup of coffee with chocolate mixed in , and all five of us sat and talked about all sorts of things , like if maybe our universe was just a tiny little speck of lint that a huge giant had n't noticed on his sweater , and someday soon , who knows if this great giant would just brush us off , or toss us into a washer and drown us all to death .
Donna said maybe our idea of hundreds of years is only a split second to this giant , and soon something would have to happen , because how long can someone keep a sweater on ?
We all liked the idea that there might be other little universes or " balls of lint " on this sweater , and we thought we 'd someday like to meet a few people from these other places , as long as they were nice to us .
We could hear a little bit of music coming out of the Road House , and I just had to get up and dance a little .
I felt better than I had in ages , just floating in the night air and feeling warm inside .
Donna even danced with me for a few minutes until she realized we had to go meet . . .
OUR TOUR BUS !
We had to lie and say we rented the bikes from the lost - and - found at the sheriff 's station , but I do n't think the guys bought that story at all .
They were nice not to say anything to us about it , if they did know .
Maybe it added excitement to their night , too .
Then again , maybe not , because they 're older and have probably had much more exciting nights than that .
When we were riding home , we kept having to stop because we had such giggles .
Then I got the most outrageous craving for cookies and milk , like I 'd die if I did n't have any , and Donna agreed a hundred percent that we had to have something sweet .
She said there was pie at her house , but that did n't seem right .
So we emptied our pockets and went into the Cash and Carry for treats .
We bought so much junk that we had to walk our bikes back to Donna 's house so that we could each hold a bag .
All the way home we were paranoid just like the guys said we would be because our eyes were all bloodshot and we wanted to get home before our parents did .
We totally lucked out because just when we got into the house , Dr. Hayward called and said they were going to be a bit longer because Benjamin was showing slides or something .
Thank God !
We ran upstairs and put eye drops in our eyes , then turned on the stereo and ate and danced and laughed , and we were totally sound asleep when everyone got back .
I know drugs are bad , but I 'm beginning to get the feeling I like being that way .
Kind of bad .
More tomorrow , Laura
Dear Diary , October 20 , 1985
It is a little over one week later and I have more news .
Sorry I have n't written , but it has really been kind of crazy around here . . . well , here inside me , at least .
Home is just the same .
Irritating more than anything else .
God , I feel so trapped sometimes , like I have to wear this permanent grin on my face or else everyone freaks out on me .
I wonder if pain , the kind that does n't just happen when your cat is killed , or when an aunt dies , but the kind that you have to live with . . . can it ever be a friend ?
Pain as a shadow or companion .
I wonder if that 's possible .
. . .
Anyway , the news is strange .
I 'm a little nervous about how much I 've enjoyed the danger of it all , but I 'll tell you everything and get it off my chest .
Maybe it will be like my dreams , less difficult to understand if I see it on paper .
Here goes .
Last Friday night , the day before yesterday , Donna and I went back to the Book House at about four in the afternoon .
I guess we went back hoping Josh and Tim and their friend would be there again , and we could get high on another funny cigarette .
We got sort of dressed up , not too dressy or crazy because we do know everyone in town practically and we did n't want it to get back to our parents .
But we had on skirts that were pretty short and a little tighter than most people would approve of , except boys , of course , and we played with some makeup that Donna 's mom , Mrs. Hayward , had given her as an Easter present because Donna wanted to try some and her mom wanted her to have her own .
Anyway , again !
We got to the Book House and no one except Big Jake Morrissey was there .
He 's the guy who runs the place .
I guess I should tell you about it so you can imagine where I was .
It is a coffee house , mostly for guys - girls are allowed - but it's more like a guys ' hangout .
There are books everywhere on the tables and shelves , which linked all three walls , all the way to the back .
It smells like cigarettes , after - shave , and coffee .
There 's always coffee brewing .
And this time I was inside , I noticed a picture of the man perfect for my fantasies !
I did n't say anything , of course , but he 's just perfect .
Rough and tough , but has puppy - dog eyes and soft skin .
The picture is of him in jeans and a leather jacket , holding a book and sitting on his motorcycle , reading .
I am in love !
So we were the only ones in the place , and Jake gave us coffee and said that people would be coming in soon , and it might be wise if we left when they started to come in , especially dressed like we were .
He was half joking , half serious when he asked us , " Are you girls looking for trouble of a boy nature ? "
Donna turned all red , and I just told him what I would tell Mom or Dad if they ever found out .
" We 're just playing around and pretending .
It 's just for fun , not for trouble . "
He understood , or " bought it , " rather , and after we finished our coffee we left .
On the way out though , I told Jake that about a week ago , three really nice Canadian boys had been there and had helped Donna and I fix our flat tires after we had run over the broken beer - bottle glass that 's always out in front of the Road House .
I told him that if he saw them - Josh , Tim , and another guy with blond hair - that he should tell them we wanted to thank them with a cup of coffee , or something .
Then I told him we 'd probably be out back , just talking , if they showed up .
Jake said he'd relay the message if they came in .
You guessed it !
They showed up .
Jake must have told them what I said because they came out laughing and giving us a hard time for lying to them before .
Donna was pretty quick and smart to say that " we wanted to make sure that you guys were cool before we told you who we were or anything . "
They all said we looked really nice , and I found out the third guy 's name was Rick , and all of them are twenty - two !
We said our age was n't important and would n't stop any of us from having fun as long as we were home by ten .
If it was going to be later , we would have to call .
Josh said he had some alcohol , and if there was a place we knew of to build a small fire or something out in the woods , we could all go out there and have a little party .
By this time it was about five - thirty or so .
They were in a truck this time instead of on bikes , and so Donna and I got in the open back and told them to cross Lucky Highway 21 and head into the woods behind Low Town .
We both figured it would be safer there , and if anything happened , I could just say that I had gotten lost with Donna , that we had taken a walk or something and lost track of where we were .
It would be okay , I figured , no matter what .
These guys seemed nice enough , so we trusted them a second time .
We got to a place where there was a stream and hardly any needles on the ground , so the fire would be a safe idea .
Tim and Rick looked for kindling while Josh opened up this bottle of . . .
I guess it was gin that he had .
The only alcohol Donna and I had ever had was a glass of champagne - one glass , at Dr. Hayward 's birthday party last year .
This was brand - new to both of us .
Donna seemed excited , but nervous , too .
I was just plain excited and was the first to drink a sip of it after Josh .
We just passed it around . . . until it was empty .
Donna and I were really messed up almost instantly .
Rick kept saying , " They 're toasted , man . "
Both Donna and I had to pee , so we went away from the fire about thirty feet and crouched down behind a tree .
For a moment there , we were both scared .
Real scared .
We did n't know how to act , and both of us kept thinking we were saying stupid things or sounding too young or something .
When I stood up , my head got light .
I thought to myself , " It 's too late now , you 're already drunk , you better just enjoy it , and do n't forget to keep watching the time ! "
Donna agreed that we had just better go with the flow and stick close together in case we got scared again .
Tim turned on the truck stereo , and I asked if it would be stupid if I danced around for a while , ' cause I liked the song .
All three said it was okay , and Donna just sat there staring at the fire for a while .
Tim went and sat really close to her and whispered something in her ear .
Her eyes got real big and she kinda laughed and then relaxed .
I guess he made her feel good or pretty or something .
I 'll have to remember to ask her what he whispered to her .
So I was dancing , and Josh and Rick could n't stop watching me . . . and I was feeling pretty comfortable , or confident , or both , but I just went a little bit crazy and got into a sexier dance .
One that I practiced alone in my room in front of the mirror .
I moved my hips around in circles and let my arms move slow , and sometimes I touched my hips like it felt good to me to touch myself .
Dam !
Mom 's calling me downstairs to do the dishes .
I 'll be right back .
There 's lot 's more !
Love , Laura
Diary , I 'm back .
Sorry I had to stop .
So I was dancing , and Donna saw what I was doing and looked at me like I was crazy .
She looked around for a minute and I guess she wanted to be a part of the attention , too , or something because she looked at her watch and said , " Let 's go skinny - dipping ! "
That right there should tell you how drunk Donna was .
Everybody got quiet and just listened to the music for a second , then said , " Yeah , okay . "
So Donna and I took off our clothes . . . all of them .
We almost left our panties on , but we were afraid they would think we were stupid little girls .
They were all in the stream sitting against the rocks when we came back to the fire .
The stream is probably three and a half feet deep at its deepest place .
So they were sitting there and we set our clothes down and stood by the fire for a minute .
When we moved toward the water , Josh said , " Stop .
There .
Just for a minute . "
So we did .
And after a minute of us just waiting , he said to Tim and Rick , " Have you ever in your life seen such a beautiful sight as these two girls ? "
They both made noises like they liked it , too .
Donna and I kind of moved a little when we realized they were staring at us like that . . . that close , you know ?
Tim said , " Look at the way the fire makes shadows on their skin . "
Donna and I looked at each other , then looked back toward them .
They were hard to see because we were so close to the light and they were in the dark in the stream .
Rick just said , " Please , please come into the water with us . "
We did .
It was so amazing .
The way they felt when we got close under the water , soft and slippery , was like I was dreaming .
I 'd never felt anything so nice and so close to what I 'd fantasized about .
All of them had . . . hard . . . hard . . .
I guess I 'll call them cocks , because " penis " sounds like a word you only read in Sex Ed books .
So they were all hard .
And I said ( mainly because I knew Donna was more freaked out than I was by all of this ) , I said , " Let 's make tonight a play night . . . we can all go home with that nice feeling of wishing more had happened . . . ?
Donna and I are not going to go all the way with you . "
When it came out of my mouth , I could n't believe it for a second .
Who was talking ?
What was I , Laura Palmer - thirteen years old - doing out here in the woods like this with three naked boys nine years older than I am ?
They all said okay , but Josh said , " Can we at least touch you , and maybe get a kiss ? "
Donna looked at me the same way she did a year ago when Maddy was talking about kissing .
I told them I did n't mind , but if Donna did , they could n't force her .
Something tells me now , when I look back , that this was probably the most excited these guys had been , ever .
I do n't think they would have done anything bad even if we had asked for it , because they were just as scared .
It was such a personal and strange night .
It was like the woods got us all acting crazy , like the trees and the fact that it had gotten dark made us forget anything else existed .
It was eight - thirty and we only had about an hour until we would have to go back home .
I kneeled down in the stream in front of Josh and got my hair wet .
Then , I looked at him and I said , " You can touch them if you want to .
It 's okay . "
So he was real slow , and he put his hands on my breasts , which have gotten to be a good size , I think , for my age , and he shook for a second , like he was amazed .
I felt like I was on top of the world .
I was making this twenty - two - year - old boy go crazy inside !
He touched them , then touched just my nipples , and I had a hard time not saying how good that felt , so I laughed .
Tim started touching Donna 's breasts , and she just watched him silently as he did it .
Rick did n't have anyone to be with so I said , " You can touch me , too . . . but remember , we all made a deal . . . right ? "
He nodded and crawled in the water up to me and put his mouth on my nipple .
I had to close my eyes so that they would n't come out of my head completely .
It felt so incredible !
I could n't help but think of the guy in the photo in the Book House , and even if this sounds weird , I 'm going to say it .
I had the sexiest thought that he was nursing on me .
Like inside me was all of the warmth and nourishment he would ever need . . . this older boy , needing me .
I felt strong and almost like I was making a fantasy for them .
Josh put his mouth on my other nipple , and Tim and Donna moved away from us a little in the water and just started talking .
Then Donna got out with Tim and got dressed and just sat by the fire . . . talking more .
I did n't care , or could n't care .
I was n't going to stop this until I had to , it felt too good to spoil it .
I whispered to Josh and Rick that I had a wish that one of them would kiss me , real soft and slow . . . and that maybe the other could keep touching me the way they were doing already .
Rick said Josh could kiss me , as long as he got one , too , later , or whatever .
So Josh leaned to me and got real close , and just before he was going to kiss me he said , real quiet - " Softly , right ? "
And I told him yes .
And he said , " Soft and slow . . . . "
And he opened his mouth , and I opened mine , and our tongues started to move together like we were wanting more and more . . . but it was n't fast , it was slow . . . so nice and slow .
And Rick was sucking on my nipples and making noises like he was hungry and getting fed , or like he was eating an ice cream that was delicious .
No matter what he was feeling , believe me , I felt ten times better than he sounded .
I went into a dream for I do n't know how long while this was happening , and it was like nothing bad ever happened to me ever .
Everything disappeared and I suddenly did n't care if I never saw Donna , Mom , Dad , anyone . . . ever again .
This warm feeling of being needed , wanted , and special , like I was a treasure . . . was all I wanted to feel , forever .
I had no age , and there was no time or schoolwork or troubles or chores or anything to cloud my mind or bring me back to little Laura .
I was ageless , and I was everything these two boys wanted .
I was something from their dreams !
Rick began to kiss me next , and he was just as gentle and sweet , but had a different way of kissing .
He moved his tongue and lips differently , and he would stop and bite very softly sometimes on my lips , like a tease .
I know I 'm going on and on , Diary , but I have to tell someone , and Donna , even though she was there , really was n't there the way I was .
She was n't ready for it or for the way it would make her feel .
Not that there 's anything wrong with it , but Donna is still more interested in being good . . . all the way through .
Me , I think that I am being good , as much as I can , and maybe more than most people , but I 've needed to forget things for a long time now and this was an incredible solution .
Nothing more than that happened in the stream , except I did touch both of them between the legs .
I was soft to them the way they were with me , and I thought it was wonderful that they were so hard , and that their hardness floated in the water . . . something I could only feel and not see .
Just the way I wanted it .
I was able to want more , but able to enjoy what I had .
Tim and Donna exchanged phone numbers while I was getting dressed , and the only thing I was at all worried about was that I was really drunk and starting to feel a little sick to my stomach .
I guess Donna was , too , because Tim said , " Maybe we should help them throw up or something , so that it does n't happen when they get home .
. . .
Donna , here , is worried , you know , about how she would explain it to her parents . "
I could n't believe how cool these guys were being to us .
They did n't crack one joke or make us feel like we were nothings next to them .
I know we are n't , but it was nice , especially in the state we were in , not to hear anything like that .
Rick said there was chewing gum in the truck 's glove compartment , and if we wanted some , we could have it .
I tried to picture going home the way I was , tipsy and all dazed .
Throwing up did n't sound like fun , but Tim suggested it might help sober us up , so Donna and I went off and stuck our fingers down our throats .
Up it came .
It was awful , but I did feel better , and Donna said it was easier for her to walk after that .
I said we should probably get going , and that if they did n't mind , maybe they could drop us like a block from home , either house ?
I thought the truck ride , and the fresh air , would help , too .
Hang on a second , Diary - Mom wants a kiss good - night .
Okay , I 'm back .
Thank God she did n't see you .
When the boys dropped us off , we hopped out of the back , and Tim kissed Donna 's hand really romantically , and Rick and Josh said they really enjoyed meeting her .
I went to the driver 's window , where Josh was , and I was about to thank him . . . and I guess just say whatever came out ; . . but he stopped me .
( A chill ran down my back . )
He put his finger over my lips and said , " I do n't think I 'll ever forget you , Laura . "
And he smiled and Rick said , " Thanks for trusting us the way you did . "
They drove off , and Donna and I almost cried .
We were a block from Donna 's house and we each put an extra piece of gum in our mouths and rehearsed our story .
We were in the woods , just talking .
We were making up stories and talking about dreams we had , and . . . the future .
Donna said she did n't feel like she was lying because that 's what she and Tim did do .
They kissed a couple of times , and Donna admitted , right before we walked into her house , that she really liked it .
I decided we should n't explain anything we did while we were out , unless someone asked .
I 've seen people overexplain things and it makes it seem like they 're lying or hiding something , which we would be .
Donna 's parents were asleep on the couch when we walked in , and we snuck past them and up to Donna 's room .
We brushed our teeth and fixed our hair a little , and before we went downstairs , we hugged each other .
We did n't say a word .
We just hugged .
I think it was our way of saying that it was our secret , and that we were still friends , and that we were okay .
We were home , and we were okay .
Donna woke her dad up and said we'd been waiting to wake him because he looked so peaceful , sleeping there leaning his head on Mrs. Hayward 's shoulder .
He offered to drive me home , so I called Mom , and she said she had n't even realized the time because she was reading a really good book .
She said Dad was already in bed .
She said she 'd wait up for me .
I do n't feel guilty about what happened , but I think that 's only because no one was worried , and the boys were so nice .
I just can't help but get sad inside when I realize that it 's over .
That night is gone , and I'm Laura again .
Thirteen years old , and the apple of my daddy 's eye .
Not with anger , but with anticipation , I look forward to being older , and on my own , with no one but me to answer to .
God bless Mom and Dad , Troy , Jupiter - rest his soul - and the boys .
Josh , Tim , and Rick .
Thank you , God , for giving me those few hours of . . .
BLISS .
More soon , L
P.S. I am feeling like each time I think about tonight I change it a little bit .
The boys get a little bit more rough with me each time .
I get more seductive , and I make them tell me how they feel when they touch me .
I make them tell me what it 's like for them .
I do n't know why I changed it . . .
I loved it the way it was , but when I make it again in my head , I make them do things a little nastier .
I like that feeling , I like that they feel more than I do .
Dear Diary , November 10 , 1985
Last night , for the first time in ages , I slept all the way through the night .
When I woke up , I could n't even remember the dreams I had had , or if I even had any .
I know they say everyone dreams all the time , but usually I remember them .
Anyway , I was brushing Troy at the stables , and all of a sudden I got this image in my head of an address : 1400 River Road , 1400 River Road .
I had dreamed it .
I suddenly felt like I had to be there .
I had to find this place and see what it was .
I decided I would call Mom from the stables and tell her I was going for a ride with Troy , and I 'd be back soon .
I had a little bit of an idea of where 1400 River Road was , but I just checked it with Zippy to make sure .
He said it was n't that far away , but there was n't much there .
I told him I wanted to ride out with Troy somewhere I had n't been before .
I did n't want to tell him I 'd dreamed about this address and had to find out if it even existed .
I was afraid he'd look at me funny , and besides , I was n't even sure why I felt so drawn to it .
I guess with all that had been happening , I felt like I should just keep quiet about it .
Keep it secret , like so many other things .
Zippy said to be sure to make a left when the dirt road forks off , because otherwise I would end up on a paved road , and that would be bad for Troy 's hooves and shoes .
I promised , and off we went .
All sorts of thoughts went through my head , and I even cried a little because I started to think about Josh and Tim and Rick , and how I would probably never see them again .
I thought about how Donna had n't called me today yet , and I was worried she was thinking I was dirty or bad or something , and I felt a very deep need to talk to her .
I hope she does n't stop liking me .
I do n't know what I would do if that happened .
So , I kept seeing this address in my head , each time I finished a thought , no matter what it was , and finally I found myself in front of this very old , abandoned gas station .
I got off Troy and tied him up at the frame that was still there .
The frame that goes around the top of the pumps .
The one with the signs telling you which gas is which .
Grass was growing there , and I just let him graze so I could look around .
When I walked around Troy , so that I was completely facing the station , I saw the Log Lady standing very quiet with her log , right underneath the piece of wood that said 1400 River Road .
She smiled at me , and I realized I had seen her face in my dream .
We did n't say anything to each other for a long time .
We just stared , smiling .
I was n't uncomfortable , but I was pretty curious about what I was there for , and just as I was thinking this , she spoke to me .
She said , " I know you 're feeling curious about this place and about me . "
I nodded .
" A dream told me I was supposed to meet you here , so that we could spend some time , " she said .
My stomach did a flip and my mouth dropped open .
" I dream like other people sometimes , " she said calmly .
" It just happens . "
I never realized that Margaret , the Log Lady , was so nice .
We sat together on the grass out in the front , and she told me she knew a lot of things about me , special things .
She said I should not worry so often .
If I pay attention to the things around me , these special things will come .
She would often touch her log , be silent as she leaned down close to listen to it .
Most times she would smile as if she were amused , pleased .
Other times , she would tell the log that she would not hear about that now .
This was not the time .
The last time that happened , she turned to me and whispered , " Things are not what they seem . "
She looked away , then turned back with a different look on her face , as if she were relieved we were still alone .
She said she knew I had been dreaming of being a woman , and that this was good because young girls always do .
Then her words got confusing . . . she said many things about the Woods , and I tried to listen very carefully , because I trusted her and thought maybe she knew something that would help me .
A lot of it seemed like gibberish .
I remember it , so I 'll write it down , but I do n't know what it means .
Maybe I 'll understand it later .
What I did understand made me feel so good inside , like I was n't being bad all of this time , maybe , and that I could keep on hoping for things without being afraid that I was acting selfishly .
Here are some of the things she told me .
She said that sometimes the woods are a place to learn about things , and to learn about yourself .
Other times the woods are a place for other creatures to be , and it is not for us .
She said that sometimes people go camping and learn things they should n't .
Children are prey sometimes . . .
I think that 's how she said it .
What else . . .
I tried so hard to remember everything .
Oh .
She told me that she would be watching , and someday people will find out that she sees things and remembers them .
She said that it is important to remember things you see and feel .
Owls are sometimes big .
There !
That was the one I had forgotten totally .
Owls are sometimes big .
I hope that does n't mean my mom talked about that " Owl Dream " I had .
I do n't think so , but that 's the only way it makes any sense to me .
I hope I 'll understand all of this soon .
Either way , we kept sitting together , and I listened to her hum this song that I had never heard before , but I thought it was very nice .
It made me feel safe , which I think she was trying to make me feel .
I feel sorry for her , that people think she is strange and weird .
She is n't at all .
I could see in her eyes that something had hurt her , but I did n't even begin to understand what it was until Mom told me when I got home .
She said that Margaret ( the Log Lady ) had a husband who was a fire fighter .
He was killed fighting a fire , and Mom said it was awful because he tripped over a root or something and fell headfirst into hot coals and burned himself to death , face first .
They had just been married a little while when he died , and since then Margaret has been very quiet and has kept her pain to herself .
Mom also said that she did n't have her log until after her husband died .
I did n't know any of this when I was out there at 1400 River Road with her , but it did n't really matter , I guess .
I told her I thought she was a very nice and special person , and that I was glad I had paid attention to my dream , because I would n't have wanted to miss talking with her .
I told her I hoped she was right about my life having special things in it , that I will look for them , because I want my life to be good .
Then I told her something that I hope she never repeats .
I did n't even expect to say it , and to tell you the truth I did n't know where it came from .
I told her that sometimes things happen that no one knows about .
They happen in the woods when it is very dark .
I told her that sometimes I was n't even sure these things were real , and sometimes I think they are more real than the sun coming up in the morning , and that the thought of that frightened me very much .
She looked away from me , I remember , when I finished .
I thought I had said something that upset her .
She grabbed her log tight , then looked back at me and said that I was a very beautiful girl , and that many people would love me in my life .
I hope many people do love me in my life .
Someday someone will love , me the way the boys did , but even more .
I wonder where that person is right now , and if he is wondering where I am and what I look like , and when we will finally meet .
I wonder if Margaret has ever thought about sex the way that I do .
On the way home I tried to hum the song she had hummed to me , but I could n't remember it .
I felt very good inside when I left 1400 River Road , and that feeling stayed with me , all through my ride back to the stables , all the way home with Mom in the car , and even now it is just as strong .
I hope Margaret is n't feeling lonely right now .
I hope she is feeling as happy as I am .
I only wish I could have brought her news of how happy her life would be .
It 's too bad I had nothing for her .
More later , Laura
P.S. Donna still has n't called me back .
Listening to the Wood November 13 , 1985
Inside the trees are souls I think
Souls that grow and change
Inside each leaf , so quiet
A memory of moments no one else has seen
But no man ever listens
Takes the time to think
That trees might see what happens
That in the way they rustle
Is a hint they wish to speak .
They might have tried to whisper
In the palm of someone 's hand
their memory of the little girl
How there is a new hole inside her
And a new and smaller mouth
But no one believes or cares
That maybe
The tree would know
Something was very wrong
That it wants to talk about the sadness
It has seen so many nights
I think the world
Should walk deep into the woods
Listen very carefully ,
To the voices in the leaves .
See the details , the tiny maps
Of footsteps , and sometimes stains
They should see that the leaves
Are shaped like tears
They should study the design in fallen needles
Maybe there are some markings on the ground
That will lead the world
To the one who made
The hole .
It is late , and he came tonight .
I do n't know if the Log Lady was talking about the right Laura Palmer .
Dear Diary , November 20 , 1985
I had a dream just now that makes me believe I will not be sleeping tonight .
I was in a room .
It was very empty , and I was feeling badly that it was empty .
I thought it was my fault that nothing was there .
I was crouched in one of the comers of the room , and I was staring at this one spot at the other end of the room , because I knew something was going to be there , soon .
After a minute , I started to get very cold .
And I thought that I saw something , but it disappeared .
Then I looked away because I was trying to find the door that went to another room and out of this one , because I wanted to see if the furniture was in another room .
I felt very bad about something and I wanted to fix things , so that I could stop feeling so . . . guilty .
I guess that 's what I was feeling .
Guilt .
I turned back to look across the room and there was an enormous rat sitting there .
I knew in the dream that it was coming after me , and that it wanted to bite my foot off .
I became so afraid !
I saw it come closer and closer to me and I tried to think of a way to stop it , or a place to run away , but there was n't anywhere to go , or anything I could do !
I know it may sound funny , but it was so frightening .
I sat very still and tried to keep my feet tight against my body so that the rat could n't get to my foot .
I could n't stop thinking of how awful it was going to feel when it closed its jaws around my ankle and bit down .
I did n't want to feel that , and I did n't want the rat to come near me .
Do n't come near me !
I just kept thinking of how much pain there would be .
. . .
And so , in the dream , because I knew all he wanted was my foot , I bit my foot off myself .
When I woke up , I could barely breathe , I was so scared !
I can still see the rat , and I think it was after me because something was wrong with the room , or I was being punished for something .
But I was more afraid of the rat 's teeth and how much it would hurt .
. . .
So I decided I would do it .
I would hurt myself , before he could .
Even though I did n't understand why the rat wanted to hurt me , I just knew I had to do it myself , or he would .
I did n't like that dream at all .
Please , Diary , I know it sounds silly , but do n't judge me the way someone might if they heard me tell them this dream .
I hope I never dream like that again .
I do n't even want to know what it means , or if I 'm sure I even want to remember it .
I 'll decide that tomorrow , when the darkness is gone , and things are easier to see when they come after you .
It makes me mad that I feel like I can't go and tell Mom about this .
I 'm afraid she 'll laugh and then maybe tell it to everyone and embarrass me .
I 'm so afraid people will laugh at me .
I am going to try to be more like Donna .
I 'll be good and I 'll do everything I 'm supposed to do .
That way , there wo n't be anything anyone can find out and make fun of me for .
There will be nothing they can say I have done wrong .
I bet that what I did with Donna and the boys is causing this .
I can't even think straight enough to decide if one feeling was worth the other .
Something has to be causing nights like this .
I will try to be better .
I will stop doing things that older girls should be doing .
I will not let anyone hurt me , like in the dream .
I 'll hurt myself first .
I know the places that are the most delicate .
I 'll do the hurting from now on , as long as all of this stops !!!!
I wish I could talk to my mommy .
Laura
Dear Diary , December 16 , 1985
I do n't know that I will be writing in you for a while .
I have just had another dream .
I must have fallen asleep while I was waiting for the sun .
I do n't know why , but I kept seeing you appear and disappear on people 's laps .
On their seats at the diner , when they went to the jukebox .
On the hood of their cars when they went to go driving .
I tried to take you back , but you kept sliding away .
You were going to tell everyone what was inside you .
A few people read what was written there and these people turned into rats .
They wanted to take me out the way BOB does .
I think that until I understand more , we should n't speak .
I do n't know why I dreamed this . . . but I am too afraid to challenge it .
If this does n't make the nightmares and the fire and the ropes and the little silver blades go away . . .
Maybe I am supposed to give into them .
Maybe that is what is meant for me .
Maybe I just have to be patient and stop fighting it , and it will go away .
I hate to say good - bye to a listener as good as you .
I feel I must , though , until I find out if you are somehow talking to people when I do n't know about it .
Am I going crazy ?
I can't wait until vacation is over and school starts again so that I can have something to keep me busy .
I look at other girls that I know , other girls I see , and they all smile , like I do .
Inside are they beginning to lose everything they know ?
Have they stopped trusting themselves and everyone around them too ?
Please do n't let me find out that I am the only one on earth with this pain .
Laura
Dear Diary , April 23 , 1986
It has been a long time since I 've written .
School is fine but I find it almost too easy .
There is not enough to keep my mind from wandering to boys , or fantasies .
Donna and I have had several fights this year because she says I 'm acting strangely to her , and that I 'm not being the friend that I was .
I hate crying , so why does it come so easily lately ?
I am only trying to be good , and to keep busy , and not to do too much talking or daydreaming because I thought that bothered people and made bad things happen to me .
Now Donna is mad because I wo n't tell her what I 'm really feeling , because I 'm afraid !
I can't tell her I 'm afraid because she would make me tell her why .
I can never ever tell .
I have n't even touched myself where I know I can to make myself feel good .
I 'm afraid , because that is about sex , and I decided I would n't think about that anymore . . . which is so hard !!!
I hate myself , and I hate my life !
Dad has been busy all the time lately with Benjamin and his work there at the Great Northern , and I am starting to feel the way Audrey must when her father spends more time and attention with me than he does with her .
Now it is happening in the reverse , and I am just trying to be good and make it stop , and it is only getting harder for me to sleep or even eat !
I do n't want to feel this way anymore .
If I do , I know something awful will happen .
I dreamed last night that I had dug a hole in the backyard for a well , because I was trying to help us with water , and I thought a well would be a nice thing to build for the family .
Mom loved the idea and smiled very big .
But when she went outside , later in the dream , I was burying myself in the hole , trying to kill myself .
She realized I had lied to her , and this made her very upset .
She ran out to stop me , and I screamed that I did n't want to wake up in the middle of the night with leaves all over me anymore .
I wanted to be a tree so that I could listen for trouble in the woods .
And I was buried all of a sudden .
But I was inside something that was n't a dirt hole .
Mom came to my room right after to ask if I was all right , and I told her I was fine .
I was just having nightmares about the woods is all .
The look on her face went from sadness to hopefulness .
Then , unfortunately , she began something I did n't need to hear at all !
She started telling me about the birds and the bees , and about birth control and babies , and all of this ridiculous stuff about how my dreams were just a part of my changing body , and maybe I just needed some questions answered .
The whole time she talked to me , I was thinking of something else .
I had to think of flowers and of smiling faces and anything . . . big trucks filled with lumber , of birds , of Donna Donna Donna . . . good things only .
Do n't listen , could n't listen to that voice saying all of the things that were like little keys to the doors and rooms I was n't supposed to be in !
How could this happen ?
She did n't stop for almost an hour , and I almost had to hold my hand down .
. . .
I wanted to hit her , smack that smiling , helpful face and scream , " How do you do it !
What has happened to that part of me ! "
Do you want to know the part that frightens me most ?
The only thing people think about me right now is that I am going through my adolescence !
Everyone still sees the smiling Laura Palmer .
The girl with perfect grades and perfect hair and perfect little fingers that want to sometimes , late at night , go into the mirror to strangle the daydreaming troublemaker I see in the reflection !
Today I will go to see Donna and I 'll talk to her .
I 'll talk the best I can .
I have no schoolwork left to do , and I 've already finished two extra-credit projects .
I made the honor roll , and the junior debate team .
I pray all of the time , but have never felt worse in my life .
I am starting to think that a few moments of good , in the middle of miles and ages of bad , is better than no good at all .
I hope Donna still wants to be my friend .
If I can , I will tell you what happens with Donna .
Soon , Laura
Something just came to me . . .
April 24 , 1986
A memory of skipping
I was small , looking up at him
Before he told me to lie down
Or to say things
Before he told me
That opening my mouth was bad
That we had a secret
Before he began to turn me inside out
With his dirty claws
Before I sat on the tiny hill
We used to skip
Hold hands
Talk about what we saw
He told me what to see
But I did n't see it
I have been blind
I think
Ever since the skipping stopped .
I want to be left alone like other people are .
I want to learn about this soft white suit I wear the way everyone else does .
I want to forget the things that suddenly come to me .
. . .
Something very bad is happening .
. . .
Why is it happening to me ?
I think it is real .
I think it is real !
After I see Donna , maybe I can tell you about what I am remembering .
I had forgotten so much . . . but I can't tell if I am better off knowing or not really knowing at all .
Please still be my friend , Donna , please !
L
Dear Diary , June 21 , 1986
I spent the day with Donna yesterday .
For a long time she would n't even really say anything to me .
When I started crying , I ran out of her house and just kept running .
I was so glad when she came after me , and she was crying too .
I told her as much as I could .
That I was worried about being good because I had been having bad dreams , very bad dreams , and I was n't just kidding her when I said I was n't sleeping at all .
I told her I wished we could talk about the night with the guys at the stream , but it always seems like she hates me or something , or I 'll have an awful dream and think that what happened was bad .
I told her I needed to hear what she thought about that night .
I needed to know if she thinks we should be punished for it , or if I should , because I did more than she did .
. . .
I just needed to know !
Donna told me that she was afraid I was n't talking to her because I was mad that she had n't gone as far with the guys as I had , and that I did n't like her anymore because of it !
I asked her how she could think that when we had such a nice hug when the evening was over , and I still remember that hug as one of the clearest , nicest parts of the whole night !
I told her I was just very confused , and I told her I did n't know half the time whether I should be enjoying it as much as I was , or if I should have been feeling bad .
Donna said the only reason she got out of the water was that she was n't sure what she felt right doing , even though all of the boys were nice .
And then she cried and looked at me , very strange , and said something that really made me feel weird .
She said that another reason she did n't get more into it was that she was afraid to because I seemed too good at it right away , and she did n't know what she should be doing , or how to do it .
She wanted to know if it just came naturally to me , or if I had been seeing a boy and had n't told her .
I could n't answer her for a long time .
I do n't think I knew the answer .
What did she mean , good at it ?
I told her I remembered feeling sexy , and very happy that they liked me and wanted me , but half of that , if not more , was the boys ' doing , not mine .
Plus we were drunk that night , and it just felt so good to do things I had wondered about for so long .
. . .
She stopped me there and said that she thought about boys like that too .
I asked her how she thought of them , like what they were doing when she dreamed of them , and she said they were taking her dancing , or seeing her at school and letting her ride in their cars .
She said she was thinking about being with older boys who treated her like she was a princess , and at night they would come into this big , beautiful bed and lie next to her , and they would talk and kiss , and sometimes they would make love .
She said she did n't really like going that far because it seemed too rough for the rest of the daydream .
She thinks about sex , though , she said .
But it is the kind of sex that goes really slow like in soap operas .
She said she sees it in slow motion and she can hear music playing , and they roll around , she and this boy , very slow , until it fades out of her head .
She said she hoped that my fantasies were as sexy as hers are .
Oh , God , Diary , everything was fine until we talked about that !
I just had to tell her that my fantasies were exactly the same as hers , and that we should never have argued , and I said I was sorry if I hurt her feelings .
I should have been more open with her , and that I was only worried that she had begun to hate me for going so far that night .
She said she thought I was very brave , and that if it felt good to me , then I should think of it as a good thing .
But what about the fantasies she has !
I was about to die when I heard how pure and sweet and gentle they were .
Why does n't she think the things I do !
I was so hoping we had the same thoughts .
. . .
I was depending on it .
I know she was telling the truth because of how she told me , and by how embarrassed she got when she talked about this boy getting into bed with her .
She is so pure , I just can't believe it .
I think that the times that I have to go into the woods at night have poisoned me .
I would be like Donna , I 'll bet , if I were still just skipping through the trees , instead of . . . what happens now .
But . . .
I would never ever ever wish for what happens now !
I wish for things that make me feel sexy and playful , things that do n't take me to do all the work , things like someone else trying to please me , instead of me always trying to make everyone else happy .
I wish there was a place you could go where someone would answer all of your questions , and tell you if you were doing the right thing or not .
How am I supposed to know when I can't even talk about things really ?
I just keep saying the same things again and again .
I am running in circles , and it is time that I stop .
Donna and I are friends still , and I still love her , but things feel different to me .
I can't think the way she does , or even try to anymore .
I will think what I feel , and I will try to make people see things the way I do .
I wish I had a marijuana cigarette right now .
It feels like I have n't laughed for years and years and years .
Thank you for listening .
Laura
Dear Diary , June 22 , 1986
I am just going to write and not think too hard about it and maybe I can remember more .
I just woke up ; it is 4:12 A.M .
I do n't remember when it started , but he has always had long hair .
He knows everything about me and knows how to frighten me more than any of the dreams I have already told you about .
He first started to play with me .
We would chase each other through the woods , and he would always find me . . . but I could never find him .
He would come up from behind me and grab my shoulders and ask me my name .
I would tell him it was Laura Palmer , and he would let go and turn me around and laugh .
When I think about it , he was n't playing the way he should have been .
He was being very mean to me , and he was scaring me all the time .
I think he likes it when I am frightened .
He makes me feel that way every time he takes me with him .
He likes to embarrass me by pulling down my panties and putting his fingers inside , deep .
When he knows it hurts me , he pulls them out and smells his hand .
He always tells me I smell like bad things .
He screams out loud into the trees that I smell , and that I am dirty , and he does n't know why he even likes me .
He says if I did n't beg him to come all of the time , he would never come back .
I never beg him to come .
Never .
I wish him far away from here .
I swear it .
When I started to get older , he would tell me things about myself that I did n't know .
I do n't think he was telling the truth .
I think he was lying to me and making it up as he went along .
He always knew exactly what scared me , and just the things to say to make me cry .
Then he would take my neck . . . and squeeze .
He squeezed my neck hard until I stopped crying .
He would let go just before I would faint . . .
I think I was fainting . . . sometimes that still happens .
Everything goes tingly and dark , and my head spins inside and I can't see anything , and I have to stop crying or he 'll keep squeezing .
Sometimes he says , " What 's this down here ? . . .
What 's this down here , Laura Palmer ? "
He always says my whole name like he wo n't get close to me like that , but he will every other way .
Sometimes I would come home bleeding .
I would bleed and I could n't tell anyone , so I would sit up all night in my bathroom , all alone , and wait for it to stop coming out .
Sometimes he would cut me between my legs , and other times he would cut me inside my mouth .
Always tiny little cuts , hundreds of tiny little cuts .
I had to use a flashlight in the bathroom or else my parents might wake up and see the light , and I 'd be in worse trouble then .
Some nights he would make me sticky .
Rub himself very fast , and he would say that I had to hold the sticky in my hands , close my eyes , and recite this little poem while I licked my hands clean .
I only remember a little .
This has n't happened for a long time , the sticky .
He made me say :
The little bitch
Is awfully sorry
The little bitch
Drinks you up
( I can't remember more , except the last line . )
In this seed is death indeed .
He wants me to like it , when he is with me .
He wants me to say that I am dirty and that I have an odor .
I should be thrown into the river so that I will be clean .
I am so careful to smell clean , all the time .
I always wash between my legs , and I always go to sleep in fresh panties , in case he makes me come with him .
I always worry he will come for me , and I wo n't have clean panties .
He says I 'm lucky he even stays to spend time around me .
He says that he is the only man who will ever want to touch me .
He comes to the window , and I see him .
I always see him , and he is always smiling like we are going to have a good time together .
I am so close to calling my parents for help , but I am afraid of what would happen .
I can't let anyone know about him .
If I keep seeing him , he might get tired of me and go away .
Maybe if I stopped fighting him , he would not like to visit me anymore .
If I were n't afraid .
If I could just not feel afraid . . .
I have never thought about him like this ever before .
I hope that if there is a God , he will understand that I am trying to keep clean , and if this is a test that he is giving me , I 'll find a way to pass it .
I bet it is a test .
I bet God wants me to prove that I can take orders , or maybe that I am not afraid to die and come be with him .
Maybe BOB knows God , and that is why he always knows what I am feeling inside .
God must be telling him what to do to me .
God wants me not to be afraid , maybe , of being dirty .
If I 'm not afraid , he 'll take me to heaven .
I hope so .
L
Dear Diary , July 25 , 1986
I have been trying very hard not to be afraid .
I am seeing a boy I told you about once before .
I did n't like him then , but now I think he is just right for me .
He reminds me very much of the boy on the wall of the Book House .
He dresses the same way , but he does not have a motorcycle .
I am fourteen now .
I did n't let anyone celebrate my birthday .
I made Mom promise she would n't plan anything .
I told her at the kitchen table the day before that I had a lot of thinking to do about my life .
I just wanted to spend my birthday alone .
I wanted to walk alone , and maybe take Troy out for a ride : I made sure she knew I did n't want to hurt her feelings , but I just needed to spend some time alone .
She fussed for a while and kept asking me why I could n't spend the following day by myself .
I finally told her that I was feeling confused and I wanted to come home on the night of my birthday with everything sorted out .
I was n't going to go far , I promised her that .
I just wanted to go .
I promised her that next year and the following year , sweet sixteen , I will have a party of one kind or another .
So I spent my birthday alone .
I went out to where I go with BOB .
It was light out , and everything seemed like an awful dream , until I saw a piece of rope lying at the back of the base of his favorite tree .
I got a chill , but forced it away .
I tried to look carefully at the tree , to find something that would explain why he picked this place , this tree .
There was nothing .
I made sure I was alone before I did what I had planned .
I looked very carefully , and when I knew I was alone , I pulled a marijuana cigarette from my pocket .
I made Bobby get one for me .
He wanted to share but I told him he could n't .
We could do some together later , maybe .
I smoked it very slowly and started thinking about sex .
About men , all kinds of them , inside me .
I tried to think of things that BOB would like .
I pulled a pair of my panties out of my pocket and rubbed them on the tree .
I wore them just before I left to come here , so I knew the smell of me would be strong .
. . .
I 'm not afraid anymore either that I smell bad .
I know I do n't .
I think I smell like a girl should .
When I put my panties to my own nose and breathe in , I imagine a girl in front of me , and how a man would want to touch her .
Get up close .
BOB calls it pussy .
I want to touch , can you hear me , BOB !
When I smell it , I am not afraid , I told myself .
I said it out loud many times while I was there , smoking and thinking of all sorts of ways I could touch Bobby .
. . .
Things I would like to make him do .
I thought every thought I could that would call BOB to come .
I think he was there , but he was hiding .
So I got very stoned , all by myself , and pushed myself onto the dirt , sliding onto the leaves and pine needles on the ground , and I looked up into the great tree .
I wanted the tree to watch me , memorize the face of the new little girl who came to lie down .
The old one is gone .
She had to go off .
I only use her voice sometimes ; it is so much easier to get what I want when I say it sweetly , and like a little girl .
I took off my clothes and began to touch my breasts , lick my fingers , and then rub my nipples with the wetness .
I made circles the way the boys do with their tongues .
I made noises when it felt good .
I cried out when I pinched them hard and made them pink .
The wind began to come up , and I felt it move over my bare chest , and I remember saying , " Ohh , whoever that is , I like that .
. . .
Yes . . . .
I like that very much . . . . "
I felt myself get a little wet inside my panties . . . so I undressed completely and I talked to BOB out loud , while I touched my secret button .
I said , " BOB . . .
Bobby . . .
Laura has a sweet muffin here for you .
. . .
Nice and clean and . . . mmmmmmm . . .
I 'll bet it tastes good too .
. . .
Come out , BOB . . . come out and play .
. . . "
The
2009 NBA Free Agency Preview :
The top restricted free agents
Yesterday , I ranked the top unrestricted free agents of 2009 , but now it ’s time to look at this summer ’s crop of restricted free agents ( RFA ) .
Teams can sign an RFA to an offer sheet , then his team has seven days to match that offer to retain him .
If the player does n’t sign an offer sheet and ca n’t come to terms on a new contract with his current team , then he will play for a year for the qualifying offer and then become an unrestricted free agent the following summer .
For each player , I ’ll provide his position , age , Player Efficiency Rating ( PER ) and an estimate of what kind of contract he ’s likely to sign .
They ’re ranked in order of total value , which is based on overall talent , age , injury history and cost .
1. Paul Millsap , PF ( 24 )
PER : 18.71
In his third year , this former second round pick had the best season of his career .
He averaged 13.5 points and 8.6 rebounds , while shooting better than 53 % from the field .
While Carlos Boozer was out in December and January , the Jazz got a preview of what this kid can do when he gets starter ’s minutes .
He was a 17/11 guy during those two months , but the Jazz only went 11 - 13 in games in which Millsap played during that span .
His camp expects a deal similar to the one David Lee is asking for , so something in the $ 10 million per season range .
Is he worth it ?
Probably .
And from the sound of it , the Jazz plan on offering him a deal that will keep him from testing the market .
If he does explore his options , it may pay off as the Thunder and Pistons are rumored to have interest .
Value : $ 9.5 – $ 10.5 million per year
2. David Lee , PF ( 26 )
PER : 19.07
GM Donnie Walsh said that the Knicks ’ picking Jordan
Hill in this year ’s draft has nothing to do with Lee , but the two play the same position , so of course it ’s going to have an effect on how the Knicks and Lee each view their relationship .
The other issue is that two of the Knicks ’ targets in 2010 are Chris Bosh and Amare Stoudemire might also play the same position as Lee , though Mike D’Antoni would likely play either at center , allowing Lee to play power forward .
He gets most of his points off the glass , so he’d be a good fit with either of those guys .
The Knicks are projected to have about $ 35 million in cap space heading into the summer of 2010 and whatever deal they sign Lee to will cut into that .
If they want to keep Lee and sign two big - name free agents , then they ’re going to have to rid themselves of either Jared Jeffries or Eddy Curry prior to 2010 .
I like Lee , but he ’s not a guy that you can give the ball to on the block and expect him to score , and that limits his value somewhat as a big man .
The Thunder , Kings , Grizzlies , Raptors and Pistons could all make a serious run at Lee , though anytime a team tries to poach a restricted free agent , it ’s a delicate balance between offering him enough to convince the other team to let him go , while getting a reasonable deal at the same time .
Value : $ 9.0 – $ 10.0 million per year .
3. Ramon Sessions , PG ( 23 )
PER : 17.65
Regular readers know that I love this guy .
I ’m a Bucks fan so I see more of their games than the average NBA fan .
Trust me —
Sessions is flying under the radar .
Normally , I think the Bucks would match any offer up to the mid-level exception , but now that they drafted Brandon Jennings , they may deem it too much to pay for a backup point guard .
But Sessions is no backup .
Jennings is a few years away from being a dominant player , and there ’s no guarantee he ’ll develop , so the Bucks would be wise to keep the 23 - year - old Sessions around .
He had the 13th - highest PER amongst all point guards , and the 5th - highest amongst all point guards under the age of 26 .
Moreover , his +/- numbers are the best on the team for anyone who played more than 1200 minutes .
I definitely think that ’s worth the mid-level .
The Grizzlies , Hawks and Blazers might be willing to pay more , who knows .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
4. Marvin Williams , F ( 23 )
PER : 16.04
Williams is just 23 , and averaged around 14/6 the last two seasons .
He really improved his three point shot last year , nailing about 35 % of his attempts ( after shooting a woeful 10 % the year before ) .
His PER took a nice jump from 14.74 to 16.04 , so he ’s definitely developing , but what ’s his upside ?
He ’s a pretty good defender and he ’s really young .
In fact , he ’s the complete package , but is n’t necessarily destined to be a star .
He ’s slated to make $ 7.3 million this season , and should probably sign an extension in that ballpark .
The Kings , Raptors , T - Wolves and Blazers could use some help at small forward , so there may be a market if he and the Hawks ca n’t come to terms .
Value : $ 7.0 – $ 8.0 million per year
5. Josh Childress , SF ( 26 )
PER : 18.00 ( 2007 - 08 season )
Childress , who spent the last year playing in Greece , could return to the NBA as a restricted free agent , but the general consensus is that he ’s going to stay overseas .
He ’s a very good all - around player , but does n’t have the upside of his former teammate , Marvin Williams , so this summer he ’s probably a MLE - type player .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
6. Charlie Villanueva , F ( 24 )
PER : 18.64
Charlie V performed admirably when Michael Redd and Andrew Bogut went out with injuries .
In 47 games as a starting forward , he averaged 17.7 points and 7.3 rebounds , and shot 35 % from long range .
He ’s a perimeter oriented power forward — sort of a poor man ’s Rashard Lewis .
This makes him an appealing option for the Cavs , who could use a guy like Villanueva to match up with Orlando .
In fact , due to fiscal constraints , the Bucks may not even make the qualifying offer of $ 4.6 million that ’s required to make Villanueva a restricted free agent .
If they do n’t , they ’ll lose him with no compensation .
He does n’t play much defense , so I think someone will offer him the mid-level .
Value : $ 5.5 – $ 6.5 million per year
7. Nate Robinson , G ( 25 )
PER : 18.95
At just 5 ’ 9 ″ , it ’s not clear that Robinson is suited for a starting role .
He ’s a terrific scorer ( 17.1 ppg last season ) , but he shoots less than 44 % from the field and less than 33 % from long range .
Even so , he had the 8th - highest PER in the league amongst point guards and set a career high with 4.1 assists per game .
He ’s not a pure point guard , which means he might not be long for New York — Mike D’Antoni likes a pass - first point guard running the show .
Still , his terrific offensive skills and high energy make him a valuable reserve who can finish games given the right matchup .
I think the MLE is a possibility .
Value : $ 5.0 – $ 6.0 million per year
8. Ray Felton , G ( 25 )
PER : 13.80
Felton has been a 14/7 guy the last three seasons , but his shooting ( 41 % from the field , 29 % from long range ) is fairly brutal .
He ’s a pretty good playmaker and his overall efficiency would benefit if he focused more on distribution than scoring .
He spent much of last season playing out of position alongside D.J. Augustin in the backcourt , but given the right situation and the right guidance , he has the potential to be a very good point guard .
His rep is bigger than his game right now , which might lead to a wake up call when it ’s time to talk turkey .
Value : $ 4.5 – $ 5.5 million per year
9. Glen Davis , F ( 23 )
PER : 10.77
Big Baby ’s regular season efficiency was nothing to write home about but in 16 games a starter , he averaged 12.6 points and 5.6 rebounds , while shooting 48 % from the field .
With Kevin Garnett out for the postseason , David really stepped up his scoring , averaging 15.8 points and 5.6 rebounds in the playoffs .
At 6 ’ 9 ″ and 289 lbs , I ’d like to see better rebound numbers .
He ’s strong as an ox , but is n’t terribly quick and has short arms .
( Hence , the nickname . )
Is he a starter - quality power forward ?
Right now , I do n’t think so .
His regular season PER ( 10.77 ) is well below average , and one good run in the playoffs does not a career make .
Davis peaked at the right time however , as some team will likely reward his efforts with a nice contract .
I think it will fall below the MLE , but you never know .
Value : $ 4.0 – $ 5.0 million per year
10 . Marcin Gortat , C ( 25 )
PER : 17.04
Gortat is a beefy center , but does n’t get much run playing behind Dwight Howard in Orlando .
He ’s pretty skilled in the post , though he gets most of his points on dunks since there is so much attention paid to the other Magic players .
He ’s a fringe starter at center , and that makes him a pretty valuable commodity .
The Knicks are supposedly interested , so I would n’t be surprised if he signs a mid-level deal .
Value : $ 5.0 million – $ 6.0 million per year
Other notables : Channing Frye , Linas Kleiza , Leon Powe , Jarrett Jack , Shannon Brown , Hakim Warrick , Jamario Moon
Related content :
The Top Unrestricted Free Agents of 2009
Which NBA teams will have cap space this summer ?
The Top 10 NBA Free Agents of 2010
This is the main difference between a man and a women in the bathroom time .
Now you know why always man is waiting first outside .
The state Department of Public Safety yesterday suspended a controversial program that distributes high - powered US military weapons to police departments across the state , amid growing concerns with the scale of guns handed out and the lack of oversight involved .
Terrel Harris , spokesman for the department , said yesterday that the program will remain suspended until the completion of a thorough review looking at the way it is run , the weapons involved , and the communities that get them .
" We want to see who has what , and if what they have is appropriate , " Harris said .
" I can't say what we 're going to end up doing , but we 'll take a top to bottom look at it , to make sure it 's running efficiently and effectively . "
The suspension , ordered by Governor Deval Patrick , follows a Globe review that shows 82 local police departments in Massachusetts have obtained more than 1,000 military grade weapons over the last 15 years , far more than previously revealed .
Under the program , administered by the State Police , departments can apply for equipment declared surplus by the US military .
But a Globe review has found that even the most quiet of hamlets have received high - powered weaponry , including M - 16 fully automatic machine guns and M - 14 semiautomatic rifles .
In West Springfield , police received two military issue , M - 79 grenade launchers .
In most cases , the departments obtained the weaponry without any type of community or legislative input .
The review shows that some departments received weapons in excess of federal guidelines .
Among the rules for the approval was that no department was supposed to receive more than two rifles for every 10 full - time officers .
Yet records show some departments exceeded that limit .
For instance , Marblehead received eight M - 16s , even though it has 30 full - time officers .
Meanwhile , the review found the military surplus program lacks follow - up monitoring or oversight .
A State Police civilian has been running the program since its lead coordinator , a State Police lieutenant colonel , retired three years ago .
In some cases , the state has not enforced requirements that the arms be put to use within a year or returned to the military .
And , the state failed to renew its contract with the federal government to oversee distribution of the weapons .
Dave Procopio , spokesman for the State Police , said that the staff that runs the surplus program plans to meet with state officials as part of the review , " to perhaps see what changes should be made in the future .
It 's the beginning of a process . . . to determine how we can make it a more effective program . "
He said the contract that expired three years ago was more of a memorandum of understanding between the program coordinator and the federal government on policy rules and regulations .
Since the coordinator retired , the civilian employee - who had already been working under the program coordinator - followed the same memorandum .
He expects a new memorandum will be forged with the appointment of a new coordinator .
Harris said the state review will look at the way the program is being administered and by whom , including whether any certification is needed .
It will also include a retroactive look at what communities have received , and whether the awarding of the weapons was appropriate .
" These are military weapons , these are not civilian weapons that we 're dealing with , " Harris said .
Local police officials have defended their requests for the weapons , citing the need to be prepared for disastrous events that can occur in any city or town , such as the 1999 shooting rampage at Columbine High School .
In Boston , interest grew in the program after terrorists armed with automatic weapons and grenades killed 166 people last November in Mumbai .
Police have said that the weapons will be used by specialized units .
The grenade launchers in West Springfield , for instance , would be used for shooting tear gas canisters in crowd - control or hostage situations .
Any assault rifle used by a patrol commander would be kept in a case in the trunk of a police cruiser .
John M. Collins , general counsel for the Massachusetts Chiefs of Police Association , said yesterday that the departments who have received the weapons are trying to emphasize how " helpful , how safe , how worthwhile these weapons are . "
" The best weapon you have is the one you never have to use , " he said .
" Unfortunately , it 's become a political issue . . . the time for people to understand that is when we need them the most , and when they wo n't be available . "
In Boston , a proposal to use M - 16 rifles , functioning as a semi-automatic weapon , was rejected by Mayor Thomas M. Menino , who said the weapon should only be used in specialized units and not in neighborhood patrols .
The Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority 's police squad shelved plans to use semiautomatic rifles after concerns were raised with providing heavy weaponry to officers who patrol crowded bus and train stations .
State Senator Stephen M. Brewer , vice chairman of the Legislature 's joint committee on public safety and homeland security , said yesterday that he would welcome the review .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Several times in the last week , twice on the subway and once in a cafe , I sat near a baby - talking couple spweaking wike dis , in a wery squeaky voice , saying wuv wu oochy - coochie poopy .
They were all adults in their mid-twenties to mid-forties .
They wore leather jackets , high heels , makeup , suits - and - ties .
But they acted as if they were in diapers .
I think terms of endearment — Cupcake , Honey , Tootie , Mochi — are sweet .
It ’s the bwack - and - forth bwabble that bwothers me a bwit , only because I do n’t understand the appeal .
Of all forms of role play , infantilizing a boyfriend or husband — talking to him as a little girl would a baby doll — just does n’t seem romantic or arousing .
Yet psychologists consider lovers ’ babytalk a real and valid form of bonding .
A study by Meredith Bombar and Lawrence Littig suggests it ’s a good sign : Babytalkers were more secure and less avoidant in romantic relationships .
In effect they ’re reactivating primal circuits of attachment .
Ickle - bitty - peshus - wuvy cooing reinforces intimacy , tapping into the unconditional love of a parent for child .
The old “ play ” circuits are also activated ; as in any form of fantasy , babytalk allows a couple to step outside the limits of self , space , and time .
Stress is reduced — the same reason why a recent study on light S&M found that couples who spank together stay together .
Babytalking lovers get a blast of dopamine and oxytocin in areas of the brain involved in reward and bonding — the ventral tegmental area , orbitofrontal cortex , and anterior cingulate cortex .
According to psychologists , mutual use of high - pitched voices , soothing whispers , cooing , lisping , and overexpressive faces is a way of “ looping ” or “ mirroring ” affection .
Exclusive and intimate , it ’s an act of trust - building .
Think of it as verbal swaddling .
Along with the other bonding benefits , babytalk may be a way of flaunting one ’s healthy emotional neural circuitry — suggesting not only love and commitment but also strong parental instincts .
( Take it to an extreme and more interesting interpretations may be made . )
Psychologists , then , do n’t seem troubled by babytalk between lovers .
In moderation it ’s considered a healthy indulgence .
Even so , it ’s not my idea of pampering .
Jen Lynch and her family live in the heart of the city but roll out of bed to the sound of clucking chickens .
Their day starts with cleaning coops , scooping out feed and hunting for eggs for morning omelets .
Eight families in a three - block radius and an estimated 150 families citywide do the same .
“ It ’s our slice of rural life , minus the barns , ” said Jen Lynch , 35 , as Flicka the chicken pecked at her backyard lawn .
As the recession drags on , city dwellers and suburbanites alike are transforming their backyards into poultry farms .
Victory gardens , proponents say , are not enough .
Chickens are the next step .
Advertisement
“ People are turning to things that remind them of simpler times , ” said Ron Kean , a poultry specialist at the University of Wisconsin , Madison .
“ If you ’re smart , you can save money doing this . ”
Growing interest in backyard chickens has fans rallying for change in dozens of cities , although the movement leaves some people squawking .
“ I moved to the city for a reason , ” said Evan Feinberg , 41 , a technology consultant in Madison who said he grew up on a Midwest farm .
“ I never wanted to see another chicken , unless it ’s wrapped in plastic . ”
Still , the idea of urban chickens is picking up steam .
In Traverse City , Mich. , officials are weighing the issue .
In Iowa City , Iowa , chicken lovers have collected 600 signatures urging local officials to permit backyard chickens .
Advertisement
Poultry fans in Madison persuaded the city ’s common council to reverse a ban on backyard hens about five years ago .
The ordinance -- similar to regulations in Seattle , Los Angeles , Chicago and Baltimore -- allows up to four chickens per property .
The animals are to be raised for eggs , and must be housed in a coop that is far separated from neighboring homes .
( Roosters are typically banned in cities because of crowing . )
The Lynches assembled their wire - and - wood coop , about the size of a big doghouse , with $ 40 worth of building supplies and wood salvaged from neighbors .
Flicka and her sister , Lucy , were adopted from friends .
In exchange , their hens give them 14 eggs a week , a bug - free backyard and manure for compost bins .
“ And they ’re cute , ” said Evie Lynch , 9 , who takes the russet - hued Flicka for a walk each night before bedtime .
“ They like to snuggle in my arms . ”
Advertisement
Chick hatcheries say they can’t keep up with urban orders .
Murray McMurray
Hatchery , the world ’s largest supplier of rare - breed chicks , has sold out of its “ Meat and Egg Combo ” collection of meat birds and laying hens .
Customers hungry for a standard hen must wait :
There ’s a six - week backlog on orders .
“ I tell people we ’re getting out of the country livestock business , and getting into the city backyard pet business , ” said Bud Wood , president of the Webster City , Iowa , firm .
Each animal typically lays one egg a day .
Angelina Shell , who runs “ City Chickens 101 " classes at the Seattle Tilth Assn. , an organic farming group , admits it can be exasperating trying to eat the 18 eggs her hens lay each week .
“ I bake constantly , ” said Shell , 36 , whose refrigerator is crammed with bright yellow - tinged quiches .
“ I go over to friends ’ houses and they say : ‘ Oh , it ’s another egg dish .
Great .
Thanks . ’ ”
Advertisement
The cost of being an urban poultry farmer can rise quickly .
Chicks can cost up to $ 20 each with shipping fees , and feed costs about $ 25 a bag .
For those not content with a homemade coop , there ’s the $ 1,300 , Amish - made “ Egg Man . ”
A popular coop design is by Dennis Harrison - Noonan , a handyman in Madison whose family chicken is named Fluffy .
He built a 4 - by - 8 - foot coop that looks like a child ’s playhouse -- complete with a window box of petunias -- to appease a neighbor .
When a friend suggested he try selling the blueprints online , “ I thought I might sell 10 , 20 max , ” Harrison - Noonan said .
He ’s sold 1,000 in the last year , at $ 35 each .
His neighbor , however , is still unhappy and has stopped talking to him .
Advertisement
Critics say the birds could be smelly , and have raised concerns over sanitation and public health .
Property owners fret that coops will sour their real estate values .
City leaders in New Haven , Conn. , this month wrestled with the implications of legalizing backyard roosts at a contentious public hearing .
Critics worried the urban homesteaders would n’t stop at vegetable gardens and chicken coops .
There are already rumblings that , in cities like Seattle , they have expanded into beekeeping and miniature - goat herding .
“ When you live with your food , you have issues , ” said Paul Kowalski , head of New Haven ’s environmental health program .
“ Raising your own food is cool , but not when you have yards that are 20 feet by 30 feet . ”
Such fears were enough to quash pro-chicken legislative efforts in the village of Caledonia , Wis. , about 30 miles south of Milwaukee .
Advertisement
Patrick Flynn , who tried to keep his birds hidden from neighbors for years , was told to find a new home for his hens .
Friends offered to take them .
One person suggested a better hiding place ; one option could be the “ stealth coop , ” which is built to look like a trash can , from MyPetChicken.com .
“ I ’m going to keep fighting , ” Flynn said .
“ I keep my family stocked with eggs .
It ’s not much , but these days , every little bit helps . ”
--
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
news The Dog Days of the Baseball Calendar
Photo by ablankface from the Torontoist Flickr Pool .
There are times when the Major League Baseball season is an interminable slog .
This is one of those times .
Inevitably , given baseball ’s 162 - game schedule , the season ebbs and flows .
Right now it ’s ebbing .
The last lingering vestiges of excitement from Opening Day are long gone .
It ’s still too early to get really excited about the playoffs ; the all - star game has n’t been nearly the same since 2001 ’s infamous tie .
The major storylines are being exhausted ; if we are n’t aware by now that steroids are a problem for Major League Baseball then there ’s a reasonable chance we ’ll never catch on .
Thus , the sport ’s limping towards its halfway point ; it ’ll inevitably regain its momentum as the non-waiver trade deadline approaches , a date that traditionally signals the beginning of the playoff races .
In Toronto , meanwhile , surprise at the Blue Jays ’ scorching start to the season has given way to what could almost be described as an odd sense of entitlement , as though fifteen years without a playoff berth has been an illusion and the team should be competing like this .
Consecutive wins over the Cincinnati Reds pulled the Jays level with the New York Yankees in the übercompetitive American League East .
( Last night ’s laugher continued the Jays ’ recent tradition of beating up on Cincinnati pitcher Bronson Arroyo : a year to the day after putting up ten runs against Arroyo in a single inning , the Jays jumped out to a 5 – 0 lead before he recorded a single out . )
Roy Halladay should be back next week ; Vernon Wells and Alex Rios are showing faint signs of life .
And yet it ’s still hard to get geared up for a midweek series against the Reds .
Maybe it ’s because it ’s been an absolutely crazy month for sports .
Two of North America ’s four major leagues awarded their championships ; Barcelona and Manchester United met in the Champions League Final ; Roger Federer staked his claim to being the world ’s all - time greatest tennis player ; this week , a protracted U.S. Open ended just as Wimbledon was beginning .
That ’s a lot to follow ; given all that , and it ’s almost inevitable baseball would take a backseat for the next little while .
This is n’t a condemnation of the sport in general or the Blue Jays in particular ; to borrow a popular expression , it simply is what it is .
The dog days of the baseball calendar will be here for a few more weeks — and then they ’ll be gone just as quickly as they arrived , giving way to a pennant race which might , just might , keep baseball relevant in Toronto deep into September .
It ’s time to pick sides …
While the world watches Susan Boyle lose the top prize and cowers in the wake of the dreaded swine flu , the world financial crisis deepens and worsens .
The American people are slowly waking up to fiscal realities as our iconic car dealerships and banking establishments flounder in an ocean of red ink .
Everywhere we turn something else blows up , and we ca n’t seem to find a bottom to the stock market .
Prices seem inflated much beyond what government measurements are reporting .
As you are reading this , our entire financial system is being restructured .
Now is the time for the American people to wake up and check their premises .
We have a golden opportunity now that has not existed for 100 years since the inception of our Federal Reserve System .
We can at last open up the books with HR 1207 to audit the monetary base .
This would be extremely enlightening as to the depth of the financial crisis the country is in .
If American governmental organizations have agreements with foreign central banks relating to the US Dollar , then we need to know that .
It ’s impossible for investors and savers in the middle class to have critical information to plan for their futures .
A certain level of secrecy for a private business that manufactures rare toys would be one thing in regards to privacy .
A government organization that controls the printing presses and therefore the amount of bread and meat on American plates in a recession must be subject to an audit .
Prominent investment gurus such as Jim Rogers and Peter Schiff have recommended us shuttering the doors of the bank .
The American people would do well to listen to those opinions outside of the mainstream that have been accurately predicting what is happening in our financial system .
Speaking of accuracy , if you want to know whom you can trust in congress in regards to the state of the economy , I ’ll give you a clue .
Click here !
HR 1207 , the bill to Audit the Fed , now has 179 co-sponsors .
Currently the leadership of the two parties has not addressed this legislation until recently .
A Senate audit bill that is unrelated to HR 1207 titled “ HC - 45 ” was introduced to audit the Fed and was promptly amended to limit the scope .
It appears now that a so - called limited government Republican by the name of Richard Shelby did the watering down of the bill .
Apparently he has written into the margins of the bill in pencil " with respect to a single and specific partnership or corporation . "
That means that the scope of the GAO ’s audit has been severely limited .
This modified version of the amendment does not give GAO authority to look at all of the additional taxpayer risk .
Why the secrecy congressmen ?
Senator Charles Grassley conceded to the amendments , and has therefore shown his stripes as willing to compromise the financial security of the United States citizenry for his own political gain .
Voters would do well to remember Senator Grassley and Shelby as people who do not support oversight or transparency into the monetary system of the United States .
These Senators have abdicated their responsibility to the people and should immediately step down .
Claims for Federal Reserve Bank independence from politics are political distortions .
The regional private banks appoint the governors of the Fed , and therefore have a private interest in the policy set forth .
The President appoints the head of the Fed , so therefore it must be accountable to the people .
The American people are not stupid , and during these times of financial crisis when all Americans are forced to report every penny they come in contact with their entire lives , the Federal Reserve must submit to the same scrutiny .
It ’s time to audit the fed , and for people from all parties and all ideological backgrounds who support openness and sunshine into government policy to support the audit .
This is n’t a libertarian issue ; even the principled left supports these actions .
Everyone who is on the other side of the fence on this issue only has something to hide .
Originally Posted : 2009-05-15 01:23
I was taking a dump in the unisex restroom . - m4w
I iz not a cat .
Iz a salad .
Salads no go to vets .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
How Arnold Schwarzenegger still manages to get away with calling himself a Republican is anybody 's guess , what with his love of inflated budgets and his kind of " meh " response to the whole gay marriage issue .
And now , amazingly , he has even suggested that we might start talking about legalizing recreational pot use and taxing it -- a notion so radical that not even your most liberal hippie Democratic governor would dare to speak of it .
" Well , I think it 's not time for ( legalization ) , but I think it 's time for a debate , " Schwarzenegger said .
" I think all of those ideas of creating extra revenues , I 'm always for an open debate on it .
And I think we ought to study very carefully what other countries are doing that have legalized marijuana and other drugs , what effect did it have on those countries ? "
Whoa hey stop right there , buster !
Where do you think we live , Europe ?
It could raise over $ 1.2 billion a year in new tax revenues , assuming a $ 50 - an - ounce tax , according to one analysis .
Well then , in that case ... this seems like a fine solution to our current financial crisis !
As any marijuana fiend will tell you , even when there 's no money for food or rent , there 's always room for the Demon Mary Jane .
Even the poorest and most foreclosed among us will scrape together a few cents , plus a few cents ' tax , for pot .
It 's a recession - proof , budget - strengthening , deficit - reducing little weed that will also have a stimulating effect on our sagging junk food and sugary beverage sectors .
In short , this Schwarzenegger character seems quite determined to turn California into a socialist haven for drug fiends , and if it all works out well , who knows , maybe the whole country will follow suit .
The recreational drug enthusiast Sara K. Smith writes for NBC and Wonkette .
I have to admit , math was never my strong subject .
I waited to take my required math and statistics classes until the VERY END of my college career , before receiving my bachelor 's degree in psychology .
I let the bad high school math memories deter me and maybe secretly thought they would let me sneak by without the math credits in college .
Luckily , our children seemed to have received Steve 's " math genes " and do n't follow in their mom 's footsteps in the numbers department .
Brynn , who is a freshman in high school this year , has received A's each quarter in her honors class ; and Shea , who is currently in 6th grade , tested at a 10th grade math level at the beginning of the year and has received specially accelerated lessons since then .
Today , www.Boston.com reported that " nearly three - quarters of the aspiring elementary school teachers who took the Massachusetts state 's licensing exam this year failed the new math section . "
Apparently , the high failure rate is being blamed on a weak background in math preparedness for elementary and special education teachers ; which in turn , of course , results in poor achievement for the students that they teach .
Elementary teachers in Massachusetts had previously been allowed to receive a state license without answering even one math question on the general curriculum exam , as math was just one of many subjects all grouped together ( history , language arts , social science , and child development ) and their pass / fail was based on an overall score .
Now , however , math is a separate part of the test and unfortunately , only 27 % of prospective teachers who took this new test section passed .
In the Boston.com article , Mitchell Chester , the state 's commissioner of elementary and secondary education said , " While we have a lot to be proud of in Massachusetts about student math achievement , not all our students are receiving a strong math education , particularly in elementary school grades and particularly among students with disabilities ... this test is designed to ensure our workforce , our teachers , have a strong understanding of math if they are going to teach math . "
This chart from ' 07 shows the math skills of students in eleven U.S. cities as compared to their peers in other countries .
Since we live in California , the Los Angeles results shown were particularly troubling , with only 14 % of students considered " proficient " in math .
Eek !
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - The Venezuelan government of U.S.- critic President Hugo Chavez on Wednesday ordered Coca - Cola
Co to withdraw its Coke Zero beverage from the South American nation , citing unspecified dangers to health .
The decision follows a wave of nationalizations and increased scrutiny of businesses in South America ’s top oil exporter .
Health Minister Jesus Mantilla said the zero- calorie Coke Zero should no longer be sold and stocks of the drink removed from store shelves .
“ The product should be withdrawn from circulation to preserve the health of Venezuelans , ” the minister said in comments reported by the government ’s news agency .
Despite Chavez ’s anti-capitalist policies and rhetoric against consumerism , oil - exporting Venezuela remains one of Latin America ’s most Americanized cultures , with U.S. fast - food chains , shopping malls and baseball all highly popular .
Mantilla did not say what health risks Coke Zero , which contains artificial sweeteners , posed to the population .
Coke Zero was launched in Venezuela in April and Coca - Cola Femsa , the Mexico - based company that bottles Coke products locally , said at the time it aimed to increase its market share for low calorie drinks by 200 percent .
Neither Coca - Cola nor the bottler responded to requests for comment on Wednesday .
The bottler was plagued with labor problems last year in Venezuela when former workers repeatedly blocked its plants demanding back pay .
The government this year has seized a rice mill and pasta factory belonging to U.S. food giant Cargill and has threatened action against U.S. drug company Pfizer .
Chavez has also nationalized a group of oil service companies including projects belonging to Williams Companies and Exterran .
Personal Quote :
It 's okay .
I do n't mind being , you know to try and subordinate my moods , and reflexes and impulses sometimes and have to be sweet descent and nice , I do n't think that 's a bad thing , especially I do n't think I would have that if I did n't have acting as an outlet , because acting asks you demands you and allows you to be reactive passionate all of yourself , your authentic self in fact your more ...
Wind power is one of the more feasible renewable energy sources .
Image credit : Kichigai Mentat
( PhysOrg.com ) -- President Barack Obama has made no secret of his desire to develop a " green economy " that includes renewable energy projects meant to benefit the environment .
He has said that part of the economic recovery in the U.S. will come from money for , and jobs created by , renewable energy projects .
Around the world , politicians , businesses and scientists are developing the technology that could improve the cost - efficiency of renewable energy .
One would expect that -- over time -- the costs associated with renewable energy would go down .
With fossil fuels , costs can only go up as the un-renewable sources dwindle and become more scarce even as demand rises .
Here are 5 feasible renewable energy sources that could be developed to help meet world energy needs :
1. Solar :
This is perhaps the most recognized renewable energy source .
Energy from the sun is captured using cells made from special materials ( silicon is quite popular right now ) and then converted into electricity .
The biggest factor in solar cell production is cost .
However , with technological advancements solar is becoming more cost efficient , and high efficiency solar cells are being developed .
This is important , since high efficiency cells are hard to come by .
New materials are providing solar cells that are easier to transport and install .
Flexible solar cells can be used for residential use , and building solar arrays is becoming popular .
One of the main factors in efficiency is the fact that solar panels only generate electricity during daylight hours , and can be hampered by cloudy conditions or pollution .
Some sort of storage is needed in order to make full use of solar power .
However , there are environmental impacts associated with building arrays , since they take up a great deal of room ( which is why deserts are being considered -- but still ecological impacts are a reality ) .
In some areas , power companies are toying with the idea of renting rooftops and installing solar panels .
This way companies could generate renewable energy that would be theirs , customers could see their costs decrease , and homeowners would not have to pay for installation .
Warehouses would be targeted in larger areas .
These types of projects could help overcoming the cost - efficiency hurdle , while reducing the environmental impact of large solar installations .
2. Wind : Wind power is growing rapidly , and is becoming a well - recognized renewable energy resource .
Using wind power to turn turbines that generate electricity can provide a cheap source of energy .
Building and maintaining equipment could provide thousands of jobs and cost - efficient and clean electricity .
Wind farms , however , are not particularly popular .
They can impact local environment and wildlife , and even provide noise pollution .
Additionally , many people feel that the equipment used obstructs scenic views .
It is possible , however , to construct wind turbines in various sizes .
They can be made for single residential use , and they can be constructed on a large scale as well .
Wind power could be used in areas where there is a great deal of wind , and a lot of open spaces .
Technology is making this mode of renewable energy more efficient and less intrusive , but many still feel that there is a long way to go with wind power .
3. Geothermal : Geothermal energy is extracted from the natural processes of the earth .
A great deal of heat is created below Earth 's surface , and efforts are being made to extract and use this power .
While the ancient Romans knew about and used geothermal heating , now Earth 's processes are being used to generate electricity -- going beyond space heating .
Geothermal power does not put off greenhouse gases ( although some harmful gases from deep in the earth would be released -- and need to be contained ) , and it is reliable .
However , it can only be used in areas where there is tectonic activity .
Unfortunately , drilling is involved with geothermal extraction .
Additionally , exploration is rather expensive .
The costs of starting a geothermal plant are quite high at the outset , including the piping that would need to be laid and all the other costs , although a geothermal operation takes up less surface space than a power plant that uses coal or oil .
Fuel is not necessary for a geothermal plant at all .
However , once a successful geothermal plant is established , the long - term cost - efficiency usually makes up for the initial cost outlay .
4 . Water :
We have been studying water - based renewable energy for quite some time .
Hydroelectricity has been a source of energy for years .
However , even though the energy production process does not put off pollution , there are other environmental concerns associated with the damming of rivers and ecological impacts stemming from this practice .
But hydroelectric power remains one of the more cost - efficient means of generating renewable energy .
Other water sources are being considered as well .
Tidal power is being developed right now as an energy alternative .
Tidal generators placed underwater work in a similar fashion to wind turbines , only they are turned by currents .
While considered environmentally friendly , tidal power will be difficult and expensive to develop , since it involves placing generators at the bottom of the ocean .
These " underwater wind farms " are also likely to have impacts on sea life .
5. Nuclear : Perhaps the most controversial form of renewable energy is nuclear energy .
Electricity is produced from the energy released by nuclear reactions .
While fission ( splitting ) is the main source used today , interest continues in developing cold fusion .
Currently , though , power plants generating power using nuclear fission are among the safest plants .
They also generate power without emitting pollution .
In Europe , France benefits greatly as its nuclear energy produces the cheapest electricity ( according to 60 Minutes ) .
The biggest drawback that many see with nuclear energy is the waste .
Radioactive waste is a concern , since it is a health hazard and if stored improperly can leach into soil and groundwater .
However , with the right kind of processes , it is possible to recover the waste from the reactions , reclaiming it for further power generation .
With technological advancements , it could be theoretically possible to reclaim up to 95 % of the waste from initial reactions .
Right now , though , France leads in nuclear waste recycling with only 28 % .
Another issue is fear of sabotage that could result in large - scale contamination .
However , nuclear energy is the probably the fastest method that could be put into practice for energy independence from fossil fuels .
Implementing Renewable Energy
All of these processes would require expense up front .
Research and technological developments to advance the efficiency of renewable energy is expense .
Producing the equipment would require a large initial capital outlay .
Additionally , there are some environmental concerns beyond air pollution and global warming with any of these processes .
However , it is thought that the environmental impacts long - term would still be less than those of continuing to use fossil fuels .
Additionally , cost - efficiency would increase , and overall energy costs would be expected to fall long - term
No one of these renewable energy sources could effect a change , however .
It would require coordinated implementation of a variety of alternative strategies to replace the energy we get from fossil fuels .
Assessments of which types of energy would work best in different locales would be required , and a great deal of planning would be needed for a successful implementation .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further
Do the benefits of renewable energy sources stack up ?
A Bridge for the Boondocks Environmentalists Criticize Planned Link from Germany to Denmark
The German parliament is voting this week on plans for a mega bridge that would connect the country with Denmark .
There are serious questions about the environmental impact of the Fehmarnbelt Bridge , but Berlin appears on the verge of giving the project its rubber stamp .
TEHRAN – London ’s ambassador to Tehran was summoned to the Foreign Ministry over the remarks by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Foreign Secretary David Miliband about Iran ’s presidential election .
Iran has strongly denounced the remarks and has asked British officials to stop “ interfering and rude ” remarks , the Foreign Ministry said in a report released to the media on Tuesday .
Downing Street said on Tuesday that the West must not take sides over Iran 's presidential elections .
" " The elections are a matter for the Iranian people , but if there are serious questions that are now being asked about the conduct of the elections , they have got to be answered , " " Brown said
Os 7 melhores games no estilo Bullet Hell que não são " Jogo de navinha "
I ’m taking a breather from the Sex 2.0 Con to chill in the hotel room I ’m sharing with my buddy Sarah Dopp , who fucking rules .
I just conducted a session called “ Flying your Freak Flag ” and it was about being out and kinky and all and I will now confess something that has gotten me lots of strange looks over the years : until I get up in front of the room , I do n’t know what I am going to say .
Now , I write descriptions for these things , and so I know what people are expecting to hear .
In my head I think “ OK .
Give them what they expect , give them what they do NOT expect … and then surprise yourself . ”
That ’s all .
I feel like , for me , to much planning razes the seedlings that sprout in the room as people bring their own seeds and their own organic selves to the discussion .
So , I leave it open .
Thankfully , my God is a writer so I let him call the shots .
I feel out what people are doing internally in the moment , and run with that .
it is terrifying and liberating and I love it .
I overcame my usual post - class snail - reflex and stayed to talk to people .
one participant told me that reading my class description was what motivated them to come to Sex 2.0 in the first place , and THAT was humbling .
Also AWESOME was the energy I got from other WOC in the room when I talked about being out and being Black .
Fucking A .
I do n’t wanna overthink it .
I do want to say thank you for the energy and the feedback and the livetweeting .
The whole think was a bowlful of spiritual manna from which I ’ll be feeding myself through long wintry nightimes of the spirit when I wonder why the fuck I put myself through this shit .
You give me so very , very much .
That is why , and that is all , and that is enough .
Modern fish tanks and creative aquarium designs from all over the world .
i Pond Portable Aquarium
It is on sale in Australia and comes with gravel , water and a live fish .
It has a built in speaker at the bottom and a headphone jack .
Cool aquariums made from the shell of Apple Macintosh computers .
Infinity Aquarium
The repetitive geometrical shape of Infinity aquarium creates a visual metaphor to life in the fish bowl .
Hand crafted from cut glass , Infinity aquarium scales down a vast concept of time and space .
Coffee Table Aquarium
Innovative liquid luxury – aquarium built - in into coffee table .
Bathtub Aquarium
This modern bathtub with built - in aquarium will surely spice up your bathroom .
Sofa Aquarium
Priced at just $ 12,000 , his sofa features aquariums on both sides .
Spacearium Aquariums
Canadian company called Aquarium ASP has created the Spacearium , a thin , hanging aquarium that be used as a room divider , lighting element , or for good old fashioned decoration .
Desk Aquarium
The MILK desk comes with a built - in fish tank option that gives you a place to rest your eyes and provides a touch of daily nature .
R2 - D2 Aquarium
Modeled after the most well - known astromech droid in the galaxy , this R2 - D2 holds a 1 3/4 - gallon aquarium tank in his central compartment .
Local River Plant Aquarium
Beautiful aquarium by Mathieu Lehanneur breeds freshwater fish and vegetables .
The vegetables strip minerals and nitrates from the water , effectively purifying it for the development of the fish .
Bus Stop Aquarium
This bus stop is a real design from Brazil , dubbed “ AqurioMania ” .
Bathroom Sink Aquarium
Moody Aquarium
Sink will spice up boring routines such as washing hands and brushing teeth .
AquaDom
The AquaDom in Berlin , Germany , is a 25 meter tall cylindrical acrylic glass aquarium with built - in transparent elevator .
Old TV Aquarium
Ever wondered what to do with that ancient 26 ″ wooden TV set laying around in your grandparent ’s garage ?
Turn it into a unique aquarium .
Benedetto Bufalino and Benoit Deseille have transformed a regular telephone booth into a functioning aquarium .
Also check out : Super Mario Aquarium
sudo ./launchpad-update
An user from the UbuntuForums ( blackgr ) has made a script that checks your current distribution version ( so it works from Hardy to Jaunty and probably Karmic ) and then it checks your system for all Launchpad sources and will download and install the OpenPGP keys for you .
You can download it from here
To use it , simply extract the content of the archive , then use the terminal to navigate to it 's directory and type this in the terminal :
Then just wait for the OpenPGP Launchpad PPA keys to be imported .
Microsoft 's Fix for the Firefox Add-on Snafu
Last week , I received a tremendous reader response to a post I wrote about a security update from Microsoft that silently installed a " Microsoft . NET Framework Assistant " add - on for Firefox that was difficult and risky for users to uninstall .
Given the emotional buttons this subject pushed among a large number of readers , I 've put together a brief update along with some information provided in the comments to the previous post .
Since that posting , someone pointed out that Microsoft has issued a patch in an apparent bid to appease those who have cried foul about this silently installed add - on .
The patch is available and detailed at this link here .
The update patches Windows systems so that the add - on installed by Microsoft can be successfully uninstalled without the user having to manually edit the Windows registry .
( While editing the registry is n't all that difficult , a misstep can cause serious problems and it is a task Microsoft does not recommend lightly for the Average Joe PC user ) .
From the Microsoft advisory :
To properly update the .NET Framework Assistant , this update must be applied while the extension is enabled in Firefox .
To remedy the result of installing this update while the extension was disabled , uninstall the update , re-enable the extension , and reinstall the update .
Updates to the .NET Framework Assistant may include updates to the Windows Presentation Foundation Plug - in for Firefox causing it to be enabled upon its initial update .
So , in short , if you 've chosen to merely click the " disable " button on this add - on instead of manually removing it by editing the Windows registry , you will need to re-enable the add - on before applying this fix .
After you 've downloaded and installed the update , if you check Add-ons from the Firefox menu you 'll notice that the .NET Framework Assistant add - on is now at version 0.0.0 ( from 1.0 ) , and that you are prompted to restart the browser ( see below ) .
Upon restart , check your Add - ons again and you 'll see that the add - on has been reinstalled so that the uninstall tab is no longer grayed out .
You still have to click the uninstall tab and " yes " to the " are you sure " prompt , and then restart Firefox again to fully banish the thing .
The Service Pack 1 patch for .NET that originally installed this add - on also installs a Firefox plug - in called the " Windows Presentation Foundation plug - in for Mozilla browsers . "
If you had disabled that plug - in after installing the .NET Service Pack 1 , note that installing this patch re-enables that plug-in .
Interestingly , one reader forwarded me this link at Bugzilla -- Mozilla 's bug tracking database .
It 's an inside look at debate among Firefox developers over whether the ability of third party applications to install their own add - ons and block users from easily uninstalling them should be considered a bug .
One final note , as Microsoft and a number of readers have noted , the uninstall button for the original .NET add - on that started all this is not grayed out for Windows 7 users , so those users can remove this add - on without going through all this .
Rc — The Plan 9 Shell
Tom Duff
td@plan9.bell-labs.com
ABSTRACT
Rc is a command interpreter for Plan 9 that provides similar facilities to UNIX ’s Bourne shell , with some small additions and less idiosyncratic syntax .
This paper uses numerous examples to describe rc ’s features , and contrasts rc with the Bourne shell , a model that many readers will be familiar with .
1. Introduction
Rc is similar in spirit but different in detail from UNIX ’s Bourne shell .
This paper describes rc ’s principal features with many small examples and a few larger ones .
It assumes familiarity with the Bourne shell .
2. Simple commands
For the simplest uses rc has syntax familiar to Bourne - shell users .
All of the following behave as expected :
date
cat / lib / news / build
who >user.names
who >>user.names
wc < file
echo [ a - f ] *.c
who | wc
who ; date
vc *.c &
mk && v.out /*/bin/fb/*
rm -r junk || echo rm failed !
3. Quotation
An argument that contains a space or one of rc ’s other syntax characters must be enclosed in apostrophes ( ’ ) :
rm ’odd file name ’
An apostrophe in a quoted argument must be doubled :
echo ’ How ’ ’s your father ? ’
4. Patterns
An unquoted argument that contains any of the characters * ? [ is a pattern to be matched against file names .
A * character matches any sequence of characters , ?
matches any single character , and [ class ] matches any character in the class , unless the first character of class is ~ , in which case the class is complemented .
The class may also contain pairs of characters separated by - , standing for all characters lexically between the two .
The character / must appear explicitly in a pattern , as must the path name components .
and .. .
A pattern is replaced by a list of arguments , one for each path name matched , except that a pattern matching no names is not replaced by the empty list ; rather it stands for itself .
5. Variables
UNIX ’s Bourne shell offers string - valued variables .
Rc provides variables whose values are lists of arguments — that is , arrays of strings .
This is the principal difference between rc and traditional UNIX command interpreters .
Variables may be given values by typing , for example :
path= (. / bin )
user=td
font=/lib/font/bit/pelm/ascii.9.font
The parentheses indicate that the value assigned to path is a list of two strings .
The variables user and font are assigned lists containing a single string .
The value of a variable can be substituted into a command by preceding its name with a $ , like this :
echo $ path
If path had been set as above , this would be equivalent to
echo .
/ bin
Variables may be subscripted by numbers or lists of numbers , like this :
echo $ path ( 2 )
echo $ path ( 2 1 2 )
These are equivalent to
echo / bin
echo / bin .
/ bin
There can be no space separating the variable ’s name from the left parenthesis ; otherwise , the subscript would be considered a separate parenthesized list .
The number of strings in a variable can be determined by the $# operator .
For example ,
echo $ # path
would print 2 for this example .
The following two assignments are subtly different :
empty= ( )
null= ’’
The first sets empty to a list containing no strings .
The second sets null to a list containing a single string , but the string contains no characters .
Although these may seem like more or less the same thing ( in Bourne ’s shell , they are indistinguishable ) , they behave differently in almost all circumstances .
Among other things
echo $ #empty
prints 0 , whereas
echo $ #null
prints 1 .
All variables that have never been set have the value ( ) .
Occasionally , it is convenient to treat a variable ’s value as a single string .
The elements of a string are concatenated into a single string , with spaces between the elements , by the $ " operator .
Thus , if we set
list =( How now brown cow )
string =$ " list
then both
echo $ list
and
echo $ string
cause the same output , viz :
How now brown cow
but
echo $ # list $ #string
will output
4 1
because $ list has four members , but $ string has a single member , with three spaces separating its words .
6. Arguments
When rc is reading its input from a file , the file has access to the arguments supplied on rc ’s command line .
The variable $* initially has the list of arguments assigned to it .
The names $ 1 , $ 2 , etc. are synonyms for $ * ( 1 ) , $ * ( 2 ) , etc .
In addition , $ 0 is the name of the file from which rc ’s input is being read .
7. Concatenation
Rc has a string concatenation operator , the caret ^ , to build arguments out of pieces .
echo hully ^gully
is exactly equivalent to
echo hullygully
Suppose variable i contains the name of a command .
Then
vc $ i^.c
vl -o $ 1 $ i^.
v
might compile the command ’s source code , leaving the result in the appropriate file .
Concatenation distributes over lists .
The following
echo ( a b c ) ^( 1 2 3 )
src= ( main subr io )
cc $ src^.c
are equivalent to
echo a 1 b2 c3
cc main .c subr.c io.c
In detail , the rule is : if both operands of ^ are lists of the same non-zero number of strings , they are concatenated pairwise .
Otherwise , if one of the operands is a single string , it is concatenated with each member of the other operand in turn .
Any other combination of operands is an error .
8 . Free carets
User demand has dictated that rc insert carets in certain places , to make the syntax look more like the Bourne shell .
For example , this :
cc -$ flags $ stems .
c
is equivalent to
cc -^$ flags $ stems^.c
In general , rc will insert ^ between two arguments that are not separated by white space .
Specifically , whenever one of $ ’‘ follows a quoted or unquoted word , or an unquoted word follows a quoted word with no intervening blanks or tabs , an implicit ^ is inserted between the two .
If an unquoted word immediately following a $ contains a character other than an alphanumeric , underscore or * , a ^ is inserted before the first such character .
9. Command substitution
It is often useful to build an argument list from the output of a command .
Rc allows a command , enclosed in braces and preceded by a left quote , ‘ {...} , anywhere that an argument is required .
The command is executed and its standard output captured .
The characters stored in the variable ifs are used to split the output into arguments .
For example ,
cat ‘ {ls - tr|sed 10q}
will concatenate the ten oldest files in the current directory in temporal order , given the default ifs setting of space , tab , and newline .
10 . Pipeline branching
The normal pipeline notation is general enough for almost all cases .
Very occasionally it is useful to have pipelines that are not linear .
Pipeline topologies more general than trees can require arbitrarily large pipe buffers , or worse , can cause deadlock .
Rc has syntax for some kinds of non-linear but treelike pipelines .
For example ,
cmp < {old} < {new}
will regression - test a new version of a command .
< or > followed by a command in braces causes the command to be run with its standard output or input attached to a pipe .
The parent command ( cmp in the example ) is started with the other end of the pipe attached to some file descriptor or other , and with an argument that will connect to the pipe when opened ( e.g. , /dev/fd / 6 ) .
Some commands are unprepared to deal with input files that turn out not to be seekable .
For example diff needs to read its input twice .
11 . Exit status
When a command exits it returns status to the program that executed it .
On Plan 9 status is a character string describing an error condition .
On normal termination it is empty .
Rc captures command exit status in the variable $ status .
For a simple command the value of $ status is just as described above .
For a pipeline $ status is set to the concatenation of the statuses of the pipeline components with | characters for separators .
Rc has a several kinds of control flow , many of them conditioned by the status returned from previously executed commands .
Any $ status containing only 0 ’s and | ’s has boolean value true .
Any other status is false .
12 . Command grouping
A sequence of commands enclosed in {} may be used anywhere a command is required .
For example :
{sleep 3600 ; echo ’ Time ’ ’s up !’}&
will wait an hour in the background , then print a message .
Without the braces ,
sleep 3600 ; echo ’ Time ’ ’s up !’&
would lock up the terminal for an hour , then print the message in the background .
13 . Control flow — for
A command may be executed once for each member of a list by typing , for example :
for( i in printf scanf putchar ) look $ i / usr/td/lib/dw.dat
This looks for each of the words printf , scanf and putchar in the given file .
The general form is
for ( name in list ) command
or
for ( name ) command
In the first case command is executed once for each member of list with that member assigned to variable name .
If the clause ‘‘ in list ’’ is missing , ‘‘ in $* ’’ is assumed .
14 . Conditional execution — if
Rc also provides a general if - statement .
For example :
for( i in *.c ) if ( cpp $ i >/tmp/$i ) vc / tmp/$i
runs the C compiler on each C source program that cpp processes without error .
An ‘ if not ’ statement provides a two - tailed conditional .
For example :
for( i ) {
if ( test -f /tmp / $i ) echo $ i already in / tmp
if not cp $ i /tmp
}
This loops over each file in $* , copying to / tmp those that do not already appear there , and printing a message for those that do .
15 . Control flow — while
Rc ’s while statement looks like this :
while ( newer subr.v subr.c ) sleep 5
This waits until subr.v is newer than subr.c , presumably because the C compiler finished with it .
If the controlling command is empty , the loop will not terminate .
Thus ,
while ( ) echo y
emulates the yes command .
16 . Control flow — switch
Rc provides a switch statement to do pattern - matching on arbitrary strings .
Its general form is
switch ( word ) {
case pattern ...
commands
case pattern ...
commands
...
}
Rc attempts to match the word against the patterns in each case statement in turn .
Patterns are the same as for filename matching , except that / and .
and .. need not be matched explicitly .
If any pattern matches , the commands following that case up to the next case ( or the end of the switch ) are executed , and execution of the switch is complete .
For example ,
switch ( $ #*) {
case 1
cat >>$ 1
case 2
cat >>$ 2 <$1
case *
echo ’ Usage : append [ from ] to ’
}
is an append command .
Called with one file argument , it appends its standard input to the named file .
With two , the first is appended to the second .
Any other number elicits an error message .
The built - in ~ command also matches patterns , and is often more concise than a switch .
Its arguments are a string and a list of patterns .
It sets $ status to true if and only if any of the patterns matches the string .
The following example processes option arguments for the man ( 1 ) command :
opt= ( )
while ( ~ $ 1 -* [ 1 - 9 ] 10 ) {
switch ( $ 1 ) {
case [ 1 - 9 ]
10
sec= $ 1 secn=$
1
case -f
c=f s=f
case -[ qwnt ]
cmd=$1
case -T *
T=$1
case -*
opt = ( $opt $ 1 )
}
shift
}
17 . Functions
Functions may be defined by typing
fn name { commands }
Subsequently , whenever a command named name is encountered , the remainder of the command ’s argument list will assigned to $* and rc will execute the commands .
The value of $ * will be restored on completion .
For example :
fn g {
grep $ 1 *.[ hcyl ]
}
defines g pattern to look for occurrences of pattern in all program source files in the current directory .
Function definitions are deleted by writing
fn name
with no function body .
18 . Command execution
Rc does one of several things to execute a simple command .
If the command name is the name of a function defined using fn , the function is executed .
Otherwise , if it is the name of a built - in command , the built - in is executed directly by rc .
Otherwise , directories mentioned in the variable $ path are searched until an executable file is found .
Extensive use of the $ path variable is discouraged in Plan 9 .
Instead , use the default (. / bin ) and bind what you need into / bin .
19 . Built - in commands
Several commands are executed internally by rc because they are difficult to implement otherwise .
. [ - i ] file ...
Execute commands from file .
$* is set for the duration to the reminder of the argument list following file .
$ path is used to search for file .
Option - i indicates interactive input — a prompt ( found in $ prompt ) is printed before each command is read .
builtin command ...
Execute command as usual except that any function named command is ignored .
For example ,
fn cd {
builtin cd $* && pwd
}
defines a replacement for the cd built - in ( see below ) that announces the full name of the new directory .
cd [ dir ]
Change the current directory to dir .
The default argument is $ home .
$ cdpath is a list of places in which to search for dir .
eval [ arg ... ]
The arguments are concatenated ( separated by spaces ) into a string , read as input to rc , and executed .
For example ,
x= ’$y ’
y =Doody
eval echo Howdy , $x
would echo
Howdy , Doody
since the arguments of eval would be
echo Howdy , $y
after substituting for $ x .
exec [ command ... ]
Rc replaces itself with the given command .
This is like a goto — rc does not wait for the command to exit , and does not return to read any more commands .
exit [ status ]
Rc exits immediately with the given status .
If none is given , the current value of $ status is used .
flag f [+-]
This command manipulates and tests the command line flags ( described below ) .
flag f +
sets flag f .
flag f -
clears flag f .
flag f
tests flag f , setting $ status appropriately .
Thus
if ( flag x ) flag v +
sets the -v flag if the -x flag is already set .
rfork [ nNeEsfF ]
This uses the Plan 9 rfork system entry to put rc into a new process group with the following attributes :
Section fork ( 2 ) of the Programmer ’s Manual describes these attributes in more detail .
shift [ n ]
Delete the first n ( default 1 ) elements of $* .
wait [ pid ]
Wait for the process with the given pid to exit .
If no pid is given , all outstanding processes are waited for .
whatis name ...
Print the value of each name in a form suitable for input to rc .
The output is an assignment to a variable , the definition of a function , a call to builtin for a built - in command , or the path name of a binary program .
For example ,
whatis path g cd who
might print
path= (. / bin )
fn g {gre -e $ 1 *.[ hycl ] }
builtin cd
/ bin/who
~ subject pattern ...
The subject is matched against each pattern in turn .
On a match , $ status is set to true .
Otherwise , it is set to ’ no match ’ .
Patterns are the same as for filename matching .
The patterns are not subjected to filename replacement before the ~ command is executed , so they need not be enclosed in quotation marks , unless of course , a literal match for * [ or ? is required .
For example
~ $ 1 ?
matches any single character , whereas
~ $ 1 ’?’
only matches a literal question mark .
20 . Advanced I/ O Redirection
Rc allows redirection of file descriptors other than 0 and 1 ( standard input and output ) by specifying the file descriptor in square brackets [ ] after the < or > .
For example ,
vc junk .c >[2]junk.diag
saves the compiler ’s diagnostics from standard error in junk.diag .
File descriptors may be replaced by a copy , in the sense of dup ( 2 ) , of an already - open file by typing , for example
vc junk .c >[ 2=1 ]
This replaces file descriptor 2 with a copy of file descriptor 1 .
It is more useful in conjunction with other redirections , like this
vc junk .c > junk.out >[ 2=1 ]
Redirections are evaluated from left to right , so this redirects file descriptor 1 to junk .
out , then points file descriptor 2 at the same file .
By contrast ,
vc junk .c >[ 2=1 ] > junk.out
redirects file descriptor 2 to a copy of file descriptor 1 ( presumably the terminal ) , and then directs file descriptor 1 to a file .
In the first case , standard and diagnostic output will be intermixed in junk .
out .
In the second , diagnostic output will appear on the terminal , and standard output will be sent to the file .
File descriptors may be closed by using the duplication notation with an empty right - hand side .
For example ,
vc junk .c >[ 2 = ]
will discard diagnostics from the compilation .
Arbitrary file descriptors may be sent through a pipe by typing , for example ,
vc junk .c | [ 2 ] grep - v ’^ $ ’
This deletes blank lines from the C compiler ’s error output .
Note that the output of grep still appears on file descriptor 1 .
Occasionally you may wish to connect the input side of a pipe to some file descriptor other than zero .
The notation
cmd1 | [ 5=19 ] cmd2
creates a pipeline with cmd1 ’s file descriptor 5 connected through a pipe to cmd2 ’s file descriptor 19 .
21 . Here documents
Rc procedures may include data , called ‘ ‘ here documents ’ ’ , to be provided as input to commands , as in this version of the tel command
for ( i ) grep $ i <<!
...
tor 2T -402 2912
kevin 2C - 514 2842
bill 2C - 562 7214
...
!
A here document is introduced by the redirection symbol << , followed by an arbitrary EOF marker ( ! in the example ) .
Lines following the command , up to a line containing only the EOF marker are saved in a temporary file that is connected to the command ’s standard input when it is run .
Rc does variable substitution in here documents .
The following command :
ed $ 3 << EOF
g/$1/s//$2/g
w
EOF
changes all occurrences of $ 1 to $ 2 in file $ 3 .
To include a literal $ in a here document , type $ $ .
If the name of a variable is followed immediately by ^ , the caret is deleted .
Variable substitution can be entirely suppressed by enclosing the EOF marker following << in quotation marks , as in << ’ EOF ’ .
Here documents may be provided on file descriptors other than 0 by typing , for example ,
cmd << [ 4]
End
...
End
If a here document appears within a compound block , the contents of the document must be after the whole block :
for( i in $ * ) {
mail $ i << EOF
}
words to live by
EOF
22 . Catching Notes
Rc scripts normally terminate when an interrupt is received from the terminal .
A function with the name of a UNIX signal , in lower case , is defined in the usual way , but called when rc receives the corresponding note .
The notify ( 2 ) section of the Programmer ’s Manual discusses notes in some detail .
Notes of interest are :
sighup
The note was ‘ hangup ’ .
Plan 9 sends this when the terminal has disconnected from rc .
sigint
The note was ‘ interrupt ’ , usually sent when the interrupt character ( ASCII DEL ) is typed on the terminal .
sigterm
The note was ‘ kill ’ , normally sent by kill ( 1 ) .
sigexit
An artificial note sent when rc is about to exit .
As an example ,
fn sigint {
rm /tmp/ junk
exit
}
sets a trap for the keyboard interrupt that removes a temporary file before exiting .
Notes will be ignored if the note routine is set to {} .
Signals revert to their default behavior when their handlers ’ definitions are deleted .
23 . Environment
The environment is a list of name - value pairs made available to executing binaries .
On Plan 9 , the environment is stored in a file system named #e , normally mounted on /env .
The value of each variable is stored in a separate file , with components terminated by zero bytes .
( The file system is maintained entirely in core , so no disk or network access is involved . )
The contents of /env are shared on a per-process group basis − when a new process group is created it effectively attaches / env to a new file system initialized with a copy of the old one .
A consequence of this organization is that commands can change environment entries and see the changes reflected in rc .
Functions also appear in the environment , named by prefixing fn# to their names , like / env / fn#roff .
24 . Local Variables
It is often useful to set a variable for the duration of a single command .
An assignment followed by a command has this effect .
For example
a=global
a=local echo $ a
echo $ a
will print
local
global
This works even for compound commands , like
f=/fairly/long/file/name {
{ wc $f ; spell $ f ; diff $ f.old $f } |
pr -h ’ Facts about ’$f | lp - dfn
}
25 . Examples — cd , pwd
Here is a pair of functions that provide enhanced versions of the standard cd and pwd commands .
( Thanks to Rob Pike for these . )
ps1= ’ % ’ # default prompt
tab= ’ ’ # a tab character
fn cd {
builtin cd $ 1 &&
switch ( $ #* ) {
case 0
dir=$home
prompt= ( $ ps1 $ tab )
case *
switch ( $1 )
case /*
dir=$
1
prompt=(‘{ basename ‘{pwd}} ^$ps1 $ tab )
case */* ..*
dir= ( )
prompt=(‘{ basename ‘{pwd}} ^$ps1 $ tab )
case *
dir= ( )
prompt = ( $ 1 ^$ ps1 $ tab )
}
}
}
fn pwd {
if (~ $ #dir 0 )
dir=‘{/bin/pwd}
echo $ dir
}
Function pwd is a version of the standard pwd that caches its value in variable $ dir , because the genuine pwd can be quite slow to execute .
( Recent versions of Plan 9 have very fast implementations of pwd , reducing the advantage of the pwd function . )
Function cd calls the cd built - in , and checks that it was successful .
If so , it sets $ dir and $ prompt .
The prompt will include the last component of the current directory ( except in the home directory , where it will be null ) , and $ dir will be reset either to the correct value or to ( ) , so that the pwd function will work correctly .
26 . Examples — man
The man command prints pages of the Programmer ’s Manual .
It is called , for example , as
man 2 sinh
man rc
man -t cat
In the first case , the page for sinh in section 2 is printed .
In the second case , the manual page for rc is printed .
Since no manual section is specified , all sections are searched for the page , and it is found in section 1 .
In the third case , the page for cat is typeset ( the -t option ) .
cd / sys / man || {
echo $ 0 : No manual ! >[ 1=2 ]
exit 1
}
NT=n # default nroff
s= ’*’ # section , default try all
for ( i ) switch ( $ i ) {
case -t
NT=t
case -n
NT=n
case -*
echo Usage : $ 0 ’[ - nt ] [ section ] page ...’ >[ 1=2 ]
exit 1
case [ 1 - 9 ]
10
s=$i
case *
eval ’ pages= ’$s / $i
for ( page in $ pages ) {
if ( test -f $ page )
$ NT ^roff - man $ page
if not
echo $ 0 : $ i not found >[ 1=2 ]
}
}
Note the use of eval to make a list of candidate manual pages .
Without eval , the * stored in $s would not trigger filename matching — it ’s enclosed in quotation marks , and even if it were n’t , it would be expanded when assigned to $s .
Eval causes its arguments to be re-processed by rc ’s parser and interpreter , effectively delaying evaluation of the * until the assignment to $ pages .
27 . Examples — holmdel
The following rc script plays the deceptively simple game holmdel , in which the players alternately name Bell Labs locations , the winner being the first to mention Holmdel .
t=/tmp/holmdel$pid
fn read {
$ 1=‘ {awk ’{print ;exit}’}
}
ifs= ’
’ # just a newline
fn sigexit sigint sigquit sighup {
rm -f $t
exit
}
cat <<’!’ >$t
Allentown
Atlanta
Cedar Crest
Chester
Columbus
Elmhurst
Fullerton
Holmdel
Indian Hill
Merrimack Valley
Morristown
Neptune
Piscataway
Reading
Short Hills
South Plainfield
Summit
Whippany
West Long Branch
!
while ( ) {
lab= ‘ {fortune $t}
echo $ lab
if (~ $ lab Holmdel ) {
echo
You lose .
exit
}
while ( read lab ; ! grep - i -s $ lab $ t ) echo
No such location .
if (~ $ lab [ hH ] olmdel ) {
echo
You win .
exit
}
}
This script is worth describing in detail ( rather , it would be if it were n’t so silly . )
Variable $t is an abbreviation for the name of a temporary file .
Including $ pid , initialized by rc to its process - id , in the names of temporary files insures that their names wo n’t collide , in case more than one instance of the script is running at a time .
Function read ’s argument is the name of a variable into which a line gathered from standard input is read .
$ifs is set to just a newline .
Thus read ’s input is not split apart at spaces , but the terminating newline is deleted .
A handler is set to catch sigint , sigquit , and sighup , and the artificial sigexit signal .
It just removes the temporary file and exits .
The temporary file is initialized from a here document containing a list of Bell Labs locations , and the main loop starts .
First , the program guesses a location ( in $ lab ) using the fortune program to pick a random line from the location list .
It prints the location , and if it guessed Holmdel , prints a message and exits .
Then it uses the read function to get lines from standard input and validity - check them until it gets a legal name .
Note that the condition part of a while can be a compound command .
Only the exit status of the last command in the sequence is checked .
Again , if the result is Holmdel , it prints a message and exits .
Otherwise it goes back to the top of the loop .
28 . Design Principles
Rc draws heavily from Steve Bourne ’s / bin/sh .
Any successor of the Bourne shell is bound to suffer in comparison .
I have tried to fix its best - acknowledged shortcomings and to simplify things wherever possible , usually by omitting inessential features .
Only when irresistibly tempted have I introduced novel ideas .
Obviously I have tinkered extensively with Bourne ’s syntax .
The most important principle in rc ’s design is that it ’s not a macro processor .
Input is never scanned more than once by the lexical and syntactic analysis code ( except , of course , by the eval command , whose raison d’être is to break the rule ) .
Bourne shell scripts can often be made to run wild by passing them arguments containing spaces .
These will be split into multiple arguments using IFS , often at inopportune times .
In rc , values of variables , including command line arguments , are not re-read when substituted into a command .
Arguments have presumably been scanned in the parent process , and ought not to be re-read .
Why does Bourne re-scan commands after variable substitution ?
He needs to be able to store lists of arguments in variables whose values are character strings .
If we eliminate re-scanning , we must change the type of variables , so that they can explicitly carry lists of strings .
This introduces some conceptual complications .
We need a notation for lists of words .
There are two different kinds of concatenation , for strings — $ a^$b , and lists — ( $a $ b ) .
The difference between ( ) and ’’ is confusing to novices , although the distinction is arguably sensible — a null argument is not the same as no argument .
Bourne also rescans input when doing command substitution .
This is because the text enclosed in back - quotes is not a string , but a command .
Properly , it ought to be parsed when the enclosing command is , but this makes it difficult to handle nested command substitutions , like this :
size=‘wc -l \‘ls - t|sed 1q \‘‘
The inner back - quotes must be escaped to avoid terminating the outer command .
This can get much worse than the above example ; the number of \ ’s required is exponential in the nesting depth .
Rc fixes this by making the backquote a unary operator whose argument is a command , like this :
size=‘{wc -l ‘{ls - t|sed 1q}}
No escapes are ever required , and the whole thing is parsed in one pass .
For similar reasons rc defines signal handlers as though they were functions , instead of associating a string with each signal , as Bourne does , with the attendant possibility of getting a syntax error message in response to typing the interrupt character .
Since rc parses input when typed , it reports errors when you make them .
For all this trouble , we gain substantial semantic simplifications .
There is no need for the distinction between $* and $ @ .
There is no need for four types of quotation , nor the extremely complicated rules that govern them .
In rc you use quotation marks when you want a syntax character to appear in an argument , or an argument that is the empty string , and at no other time .
IFS is no longer used , except in the one case where it was indispensable : converting command output into argument lists during command substitution .
This also avoids an important UNIX security hole .
In UNIX , the system and popen functions call / bin / sh to execute a command .
It is impossible to use either of these routines with any assurance that the specified command will be executed , even if the caller of system or popen specifies a full path name for the command .
This can be devastating if it occurs in a set - userid program .
The problem is that IFS is used to split the command into words , so an attacker can just set IFS= / in his environment and leave a Trojan horse named usr or bin in the current working directory before running the privileged program .
Rc fixes this by never rescanning input for any reason .
Most of the other differences between rc and the Bourne shell are not so serious .
I eliminated Bourne ’s peculiar forms of variable substitution , like
echo $ {a=b} $ {c-d} $ {e? error}
because they are little used , redundant and easily expressed in less abstruse terms .
I deleted the builtins export , readonly , break , continue , read , return , set , times and unset because they seem redundant or only marginally useful .
Where Bourne ’s syntax draws from Algol 68 , rc ’s is based on C or Awk .
This is harder to defend .
I believe that , for example
if ( test -f junk ) rm junk
is better syntax than
if test -f junk ; then rm junk ; fi
because it is less cluttered with keywords , it avoids the semicolons that Bourne requires in odd places , and the syntax characters better set off the active parts of the command .
The one bit of large - scale syntax that Bourne unquestionably does better than rc is the if statement with else clause .
Rc ’s if has no terminating fi - like bracket .
As a result , the parser cannot tell whether or not to expect an else clause without looking ahead in its input .
The problem is that after reading , for example
if ( test -f junk ) echo junk found
in interactive mode , rc cannot decide whether to execute it immediately and print $ prompt ( 1 ) , or to print $ prompt ( 2 ) and wait for the else to be typed .
In the Bourne shell , this is not a problem , because the if command must end with fi , regardless of whether it contains an else or not .
Rc ’s admittedly feeble solution is to declare that the else clause is a separate statement , with the semantic proviso that it must immediately follow an if , and to call it if not rather than else , as a reminder that something odd is going on .
The only noticeable consequence of this is that the braces are required in the construction
for( i ) {
if ( test -f $ i ) echo $ i found
if not echo $ i not found
}
and that rc resolves the ‘‘ dangling else ’ ’ ambiguity in opposition to most people ’s expectations .
It is remarkable that in the four most recent editions of the UNIX system programmer ’s manual the Bourne shell grammar described in the manual page does not admit the command who|wc .
This is surely an oversight , but it suggests something darker : nobody really knows what the Bourne shell ’s grammar is .
Even examination of the source code is little help .
The parser is implemented by recursive descent , but the routines corresponding to the syntactic categories all have a flag argument that subtly changes their operation depending on the context .
Rc ’s parser is implemented using yacc , so I can say precisely what the grammar is .
29 . Acknowledgements
Rob Pike , Howard Trickey and other Plan 9 users have been insistent , incessant sources of good ideas and criticism .
Some examples in this document are plagiarized from [ Bourne ] , as are most of rc ’s good features .
30 . Reference
S. R. Bourne , UNIX Time - Sharing System : The UNIX Shell , Bell System Technical Journal , Volume 57 number 6 , July - August 1978
Twice the governor has rejected Democrats ’ choice to fill a vacant State Senate seat in heavily Democratic Juneau ; they have responded by rejecting the three Democrats she has nominated .
This week , the state Democratic Party held a news conference to criticize Ms. Palin ’s trip to Indiana , prompting a sharp retort from the governor ’s office insisting that she has spent far more time in Juneau than previous governors had .
Image Gov. Sarah Palin has rejected suggestions by detractors at the Capitol that she has been distracted from state business .
Credit ... Mark Kelley for The New York Times
The biggest policy fight has been over how much federal stimulus money the state should accept ( the governor initially held a news conference to say she would accept only 55 percent of the $ 930 million available ; she soon signaled her willingness to accept more , though not enough for lawmakers ) .
The State Senate , often her foil , took matters to a new level this year by stripping some of the governor ’s priority projects from its proposed budget , including some in support of the natural gas pipeline .
The Senate has yet to go along with a bill backed by Ms. Palin that would require parental notification and consent before young women under 17 can have abortions .
The governor recently nominated Wayne Anthony Ross , a board member of the National Rifle Association , to be Alaska ’s attorney general .
Mr. Ross , who is expected to be confirmed , has told lawmakers that he opposes many federal efforts in Alaska like increasing protections for polar bears and beluga whales and limiting resource development .
Years ago , he described gay men and lesbians as “ degenerates . ”
As a private lawyer , Mr. Ross said , he lived his initials .
“ My license plate says , ‘ WAR , ’ ” Mr. Ross said in an interview after a recent confirmation hearing .
“ And my wife ’s license plate says , ‘ MRS WAR . ’ ”
Yet even Mr. Ross offered a mild critique of the governor .
In the hearing , he said he had urged her “ to open better communication between the Legislature and her office . ”
He said he thought Ms. Palin risked appearing that she had been cowed by critics — “ treed by Chihuahuas , ” as he put it — and that “ she needs to smile more . ”
Meanwhile , the governor has opened a political action committee , SarahPAC , and there is no shortage of observers tracking how she navigates these first months after the McCain - Palin campaign .
Will she run for re-election in 2010 , for president in 2012 ?
“ Who is coaching her through this crucial period ? ” asked Hollis French , a Democratic state senator from Anchorage and a former ally of the governor .
“ It ’s like the opportunity of a lifetime , right ? ”
Abracadabra :
One of the few words entirely without meaning , this confusing term is still used in a joking way by those making " magic . "
It was first mentioned in a poem by Quintus Severus * Sammonicus in the second century .
A cabalistic word intended to suggest infinity ; abracadabra was believed to be a charm with the power to cure toothaches , fevers , and other ills , especially if written on parchment in a triangular arrangement and suspended from the neck by a linen thread .
Abracadabra is of unknown origin , though tradition says it is composed of the initials of the Hebrew words Ab ( Father ) , Ben ( Son ) , and Ruach Acadsch ( Holy Spirit ) .
When toothache strikes , inscribe the parchment amulet in the following triangular form :
ABRACADABRA
ABRACADABR
ABRACADAB
ABRACADA
ABRACAD
ABRACA
ABRAC
ABRA
ABR
AB
A
* Harry Potter fans might enjoy taking note that Severus means " stern " in Latin , and is the root of the English word " severe . "
Error : this extras ID not exists !
Error : this extras ID not exists !
The Ministry of Public Order announced the launching of a post - euroelection massive pogrom of immigrants from the center of Athens , and their displacement in a huge concentration camp off the city .
The Minister of Public Order , Mr Makroyannakis , has announced the launching of a mass - scale pogrom of immigrants in the center of Athens after the euroelections .
He pledged to " clean " the center of the city from immigrants and displace them in what he called " a ghetto " at the outskirts of Athens .
The camp which will use the old NATO base of Aspropyrgos in the city 's heavily industrially polluted rustbelt , is expeted to hold more than 2,000 ' illegal ' immigrants .
The premises had been proposed in the past as a temporary concentration camp for immigrants , addicts and homeless people during the 2004 Olympic Games but the plan was abandoned after a huge public outcry .
A wide range of social and political forces , as well as mainstream media , have been denouncing the new plans as nothing sort of constructing a concentration camp .
As part of the post-election plan of " cleaning Athens " , the Ministry of Public Order has also announced mass sweeping operations against addicts , which will coincide with the closure of Athens ' central methadone center , moving the facilities to hospitals .
Also the Ministry of Public Order announced that a third leg of the operations will include " sweeping operations " against anarchist and anti-authoritarian squats and social centers across the Greek capital .
Public tension over issues of immigration has been accentuated by malicious media reporting on areas hosting immigrant workers , and especially the neighborhood of Agios Panteleimonas where fascist parastate groups have been imposing a reign of terror in the last weeks .
Locals claim that the neonazis with the backing of the police have been threatening anyone who does not take part in their anti-immigrant stunts .
Even the priest of the local church has announced that he has received life - threats for his unwavering support of immigrants .
As of last week all public happenings in the neighborhoods square held by local groups ( puppet theater , book presentations etc ) have been canceled after attacks by fascist thugs who even locked the local playground so as not to let " Greek blood be polluted by afghans " .
The wave of fascist terror in the area has reached its peak after the mobilisation of immigrants in response to a police racist incident the previous week which targeted the Koran .
As the second man to ever walk on the moon ( he stepped out of the lunar module about 15 minutes after Neil Armstrong ) , Buzz Aldrin knows a little something about space exploration , about bold ambitions and great risks .
Now , Aldrin is speaking out about NASA , and declaring loudly that the space agency has lost its boldness .
The next step in humanity 's exploration of space must be a bootprint on Mars , he says .
Says Aldrin :
" As I approach my 80th birthday , I ’m in no mood to keep my mouth shut any longer when I see NASA heading down the wrong path .
And that ’s exactly what I see today .
The ­agency ’s current Vision for Space Exploration will waste decades and hundreds of billions of dollars trying to reach the moon by 2020 — a glorified rehash of what we did 40 years ago .
Instead of a steppingstone to Mars , NASA ’s current lunar plan is a detour " [ Popular Mechanics ] .
Aldrin says that while the moon is interesting scientifically , it 's not promising for commercial activities .
Mars , on the other hand , holds much more potential for a human colony , Aldrin says .
" It ’s much more terrestrial .
It has a thin atmosphere and a day / night cycle that is very similar to ours .
It has seasons .
Russia perhaps is still entertaining the possibility that the moons of Mars might have access to ice or water " [ The New York Times ] ,
says Aldrin .
His comments come at a significant time , as the Obama administration recently ordered a review of NASA 's human spaceflight program .
Aldrin hopes that the review committee will listen to him and other NASA critics and scrap the Ares rockets currently under development , which are expected to bring the next generation of astronauts into space .
It would be cheaper , Aldrin says , to adapt existing satellite - launching rockets to carry a crew capsule , which would allow NASA to spend its time , money , and energy on establishing a Martian outpost .
Taking a lesson from the ups and downs of NASA funding over the years , Aldrin says
" we should n't be dependent on a program that can be cancelled once we 've gone and returned .
We need to start something that has a self - sustaining nature .
Six people can't get that done .
But 40 , 50 or 60 can .
You need to build a thriving , self - sustaining settlement that does n't need extensive re-supply from Earth " [ The Wall Street Journal ] .
Aldrin says we ought to send the first settlers to Mars by 2035 , which would be 66 years after the first steps were taken on the moon .
Related Content : Discoblog : Buzz Aldrin , Rapper ?
80 beats : NASA Robots Aim for Moon ; Human Mission May Be in Doubt 80 beats : Obama Orders a Review of NASA 's Human Space Flight Program 80 beats : NASA May Scrap Plans for a Permanent Moon Base 80 beats : New Race to the Moon Could Bring Permanent Bases and Observatories DISCOVER : Russia 's Dark Horse Plan to Get to Mars discusses the Phobos plan
Image : flickr / Eirik Newth
Last month military forces trained by the Canadian Special Operational Regiment subdued a hijacker who took command of a Halifax - based CanJet plane at an airport partly run by Vancouver Airport Services .
While Canadian companies and institutions played a major role in these events this drama did not , in fact , take place in Canada .
It happened in Montego Bay .
Canada has long been influential in Jamaica and across the English - speaking Caribbean .
Some prominent Canadians once wanted to add Britain ’s Caribbean colonies to Canada ’s expanding territory .
In the late 1870s the Canada First Movement sought " a closer political connection " with the British West Indies .
By the early 1900s official Canadian policy supported annexing the British Empire ’s Caribbean possessions ( the various islands as well as British Honduras [ Belize ] and Guyana ) .
The West Indies Union movement reached its apex in the early 1900s , but the idea continued to find support after World War One .
At the end of the conflict the other British Dominions ( South Africa , Australia and New Zealand ) that fought alongside London were compensated with German properties .
With no German colonies nearby Ottawa asked the Imperial War Cabinet if it could take possession of the British West Indies as compensation for Canada ’s defence of the Empire .
London balked .
Ottawa 's push to wrest control of the British Caribbean was spurred by insurance and banking companies , which entered the region when the Halifax Banking Company signed an agreement in 1837 with the Colonial Bank , a London headquartered operation that had a preeminent place in the British Caribbean .
Prior to opening a branch in Montréal , in 1882 , the Merchants Bank of Halifax ( later the Royal Bank ) established itself in Bermuda .
Most of the other major Canadian banks quickly followed suit .
According to The Economist , by April 2008 Canadian banks controlled " the English - speaking Caribbean ’s three largest banks , with $ 42 billion in assets , four times those commanded by its forty - odd remaining locally owned banks . "
Canada has also played an important military role in the region .
Ottawa has trained Jamaica ’s security forces since not long after the country 's independence in 1958 .
Canada , notes Canadian Caribbean Relations in Transition , " cooperated closely with Jamaica in setting up the latter ’s national security organizations .
Cadet training schemes were followed by reciprocal high - level military visits and consultations .
Aircraft were sold to Jamaica and pilot training was undertaken .
Technical assistance was initiated and expanded to include joint training exercises . "
Canadian military training in Jamaica has been particularly controversial .
When " a battalion of 850 Canadian troops landed in the mountainous Jamaican interior to conduct a tropical training exercise " in the early 70s , Abeng , a leftist Jamaican paper , cried foul .
The paper ’s editors claimed Ottawa was preparing to intervene to protect Montréal - based Alcan ’s bauxite facilities in the event of civil unrest and / or in case a socialist government took office .
While numerous books dealing with Canadian - Caribbean relations scoff at Abeng ’s accusations , the archives confirm the paper ’s suspicions .
" Subsequent [ to 1979 ] planning for intervention seems to bear out the Abeng accusations , " notes military historian Sean Maloney .
Code - named , NIMROD CAPPER , " the objective of the operation revolved around securing and protecting the Alcan facilities from mob unrest and outright seizure or sabotage . "
Later , Canadian military planning resumed from where NIMROD CAPPER began with an exercise titled " Southern Renewal , " beginning in 1988 .
Maloney explains : " In this case a company from two RCR [ Royal Canadian Reserves ] was covertly inserted to ‘ rescue ’ Canadian industrial personnel with knowledge of bauxite deposits seized by Jamaican rebels and held hostage . "
The Canadian navy has intervened repeatedly in the Caribbean .
According to Maloney , " Since 1960 , Canada has used its military forces at least 26 times in the Caribbean to support Canadian foreign policy .
In addition , Canada planned three additional operations , including two unilateral interventions into Caribbean states . "
On top of defending commercial interests , Maloney says Canada ’s navy and military regularly exercise in Jamaica as part of an economic competition with the U.S. Canadian soldiers garrisoned Bermuda from 1914 - 1916 and St. Lucia from 1915 - 1919 .
They also replaced British forces in Jamaica from 1940 - 1946 , as well as in Bermuda and the Bahamas during segments of this period .
Perceptions of race underlay the use of Canadian troops during World War Two .
According to Canadian Defence Minister Norman Rogers , the governor of Jamaica " had intimated that it will be risky to remove all white troops . "
The situation in the Bahamas was even more sensitive .
In June 1942 rioting broke out over the low wages received by black labourers .
Canadian troops arrived in the Bahamas just after the riots and their main task was to protect a paranoid governor , the Duke of Windsor .
While the English Caribbean rarely registers on Canadians ' political radar it's the region of the world where Canada 's has had the greatest influence .
But the sentiment that Canada has imperial tendencies in the Caribbean is widely held there .
" Canada is in fact , already sometimes classed with the United States and Britain as an imperialist exploiter in Jamaica and elsewhere , " noted a book published in 1988 .
In the midst of protests in the early 1970s against Canadian banks in Trinidad , Maclean ’s magazine quoted an External Affairs official who noted that " we ’re not colonialists by intent , but by circumstances .
We ’ve taken on a neocolonial aura there . "
When RCMP officers were hired to run Antigua ’s police force in early 2008 the National Post quoted a Canadian expat explaining how " some see a climate of neocolonialism . "
Yves Engler is the author of the forthcoming The Black Book of Canadian Foreign Policy .
To find about his book tour in May / June : http://blackbook.foreignpolicy.ca/
1 line CSS Grid Framework
Tuesday , June 02 , 2009 { 48 Comments }
.dp50 { width:50 % ; float : left ; display : inline ; * margin - right :-1 px ; }
Responses to “ 1 line CSS Grid Framework ”
This is the challenge of writing entire CSS layout system with one line CSS class .
I just wanted to prove how easy CSS can be , and with little imagination we can be build cool things .
I started with the principle that every column can be , becoming half column or 50 % column .
So how can we build CSS Layout system with this principle ?
One column can become 2 ( 50 % ) column or 100 % = 50 % + 50 % .
So we can make 2,4,8,16 , … layout system .
Believe it or not we only needA little explanation : .dp50 means div 50 percentand we have floated left 50 % column , display : inline ; * margin - right : - 1 px ; is fix for IE .
So the result is : Download link
The system can be made to work with any main default size ( px , em , % ) something like 950 px or 550 px or 90 % or 50em .
This system works , so you do n’t have problem of multi browser compatibility .
You can use the system in many different ways .
Limits of this Framework ?
The main limit is that you can use only 1,2,4,8,16 columns system plus some combinations like ( 50 % + 25 % +25 % ) .
If you have something like 16 columns you will have many nested divs . :
This is just technical demo and I do n’t advise you to use it in production .
If you need something very small you can use Malo , it is just 8 lines of code and uses the same naming system but has to offer much more .
Building some " " css layout system ( CSS Framework ) is much more complex work .
Usually you project your layout starting with the typography .
On the base of the typography you make the grid and the gutter .
I spend a lot of time searching for the best gutter or perfect web grid and searching the answer to the question " how we read ? "
.
So I , this experiment has pureof building relatively complex css layout with minimum CSS code .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US troops have withdrawn from towns and cities in Iraq , six years after the invasion , having formally handed over security duties to new Iraqi forces .
A public holiday - National Sovereignty Day - has been declared , and the capital , Baghdad , threw a giant party to mark the eve of the changeover .
Hours before the Monday night deadline , four US soldiers were killed in combat .
US - led combat operations are due to end by September 2010 , with all troops gone from Iraq by the end of 2011 .
The US military said the four soldiers served in Baghdad , but did not provide further details before families had been notified .
They died as a " result of combat related injuries " , the military said .
Iraqi and US troops have been on the alert for insurgent attacks during the handover .
Despite the pullback from cities and towns , due to be completed on Tuesday , US troops will still be embedded with Iraqi forces .
We think Iraq is ready and Iraq thinks Iraq is ready
Christopher Hill
US Ambassador to Iraq
Iraqi voices : US troop pullback
In pictures : Iraq celebrates Both American and the Iraqi commanders say they are expecting al - Qaeda in Iraq and other groups to attempt to re-ignite sectarian tensions .
BBC defence and security correspondent Rob Watson says that while the pullback is significant , the actual withdrawal of US combat troops in 2010 will pose a greater challenge .
The success of that depends on Iraq 's political leaders and their ability to tackle the country 's many outstanding problems and tensions , he says .
Some 131,000 US troops remain in Iraq , including 12 combat brigades , and the total is not expected to drop below 128,000 until after the Iraqi national election in January .
' Now is the time ' Iraqi soldiers paraded through Baghdad 's streets on Monday in vehicles decorated with flowers and Iraqi flags , while patriotic songs were played through loudspeakers at checkpoints .
Signs were draped on some of Baghdad 's concrete blast walls reading " Iraq : my nation , my glory , my honour " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US commanders have said security and stability is improving , and that Iraqi forces are now ready to take over security operations .
The US Ambassador to Iraq , Christopher Hill , said there would be no major reduction in forces until 2010 but the pullback was a " milestone " .
" Yes , we think Iraq is ready and Iraq thinks Iraq is ready , " he said .
" We have spent a lot of time working very closely with Iraqi security services ... and I think there is an understanding that now it is the time . "
Mr Hill stressed that there would still be " a lot of US combat capabilities in Iraq for months to come " .
" After 30 June , with US combat forces out of cities and villages , localities , we 'll still be in Iraq , " he said .
" We will still have a very robust number of US troops in Iraq and , in fact , those troops will not begin to withdraw from Iraq until probably several months from now . "
The pullback comes two years after the US " surge " of extra troops between February and June 2007 , which saw US troop levels in Iraq reach about 170,000 .
There was a decline in violence , but recent months have seen an upsurge .
In the past 10 days nearly 170 people have been killed and many more injured in three attacks in Baghdad and Kirkuk .
Did you attend Monday 's celebrations in Iraq ?
Send your comments or pictures using the form below .
Name :
Email address :
Town and Country :
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments :
The BBC may edit your comments and cannot guarantee that all emails will be published .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ms Suu Kyi is reportedly suffering from low blood pressure and dehydration Burmese pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi is to face trial for breaching the conditions of her detention under house arrest , her lawyers have said .
Ms Suu Kyi will stand trial on 18 May , lawyer Hla Myo Myint told reporters .
She was taken to a prison from her home in Rangoon , where she has spent most of the past 19 years , to hear the charges .
A US man whose apparently uninvited visit to her home led to the charges , will also be tried on immigration and security offences , the lawyer added .
Profile : Aung San Suu Kyi Inside Burma 's Insein jail Aung San Suu Kyi : A life in pictures
The American man , John Yettaw , was arrested after swimming across a lake to her house and staying there secretly for two days .
The charges are yet to be confirmed by the government .
But it looks as though this is a pretext to keep her detained until elections due in 2010 which the generals think will give them some legitimacy , says BBC South - East Asia correspondent Jonathan Head .
Another of her lawyers said they would contest the charge .
" The charge is going to be violating the conditions of her house arrest and what her lawyer is going to argue is that of course that 's ridiculous because , yes under the terms of her arrest she cannot invite people to visit her but she of course did not invite this person to visit her , " Jared Genser told the BBC .
" If somebody shows up at her doorstep in violation of Burmese law she cannot be held responsible for it . "
Meanwhile EU special envoy Piero Fassino said there was " no justification " for the detention , AFP news agency reported .
Profile : John Yettaw A spokesman for her National League for Democracy ( NLD ) , Nyan Win said he had been informed of the plan to try Ms Suu Kyi and two women who live with her by her lawyer , who visited Ms Suu Kyi in her off - limits house on Wednesday .
She was driven in a police convoy with the two aides from her house to the prison , eyewitnesses said .
Reports say she was charged under the country 's Law Safeguarding the State from the Dangers of Subversive Elements , which carried a three - to - five - year jail term .
Ms Suu Kyi's main lawyer , Kyi Win , blamed Mr Yettaw for her detention , calling him a " fool " .
The Burmese authorities have described the American as a 53 - year - old Vietnam war veteran and resident of the state of Missouri .
Myint Swe , BBC Burmese Service
Aung San Suu Kyi's house arrest is due to expire at the end of May .
There is a legal requirement to charge her or else release her from detention .
At this pivotal time , the incident of the US citizen allegedly staying at her compound is being seen by critics as a pretext to put her behind bars .
The charges against Ms Suu Kyi of breaching the terms of her house arrest show that the authorities will not tolerate any challenge to their power and legitimacy .
Despite international pressure and concern , the Burmese government seems intent on pursuing elections in 2010 , which the generals think will legitimise their rule .
Reports say security has been stepped up at the Insein jail , already a top security prison where a number of leading dissidents are incarcerated .
The Nobel Peace laureate has been under house arrest for much of the past 19 years .
The latest detention began in May 2003 , after clashes between opposition activists and supporters of Burma 's ( Myanmar ) military government .
The house arrest was extended last year - a move which analysts say is illegal even under the junta 's own legal limits .
It is now due to expire at the end of May .
Earlier this month , the government rejected an appeal for the 63 - year - old to be freed , despite NLD claims that she was suffering from low blood pressure and dehydration .
Her condition is said to have improved following a doctor 's visit this week and Kyi Win said she had told him her health was good and she was in good spirits .
Ms Suu Kyi was detained after the NLD 's victory in a general election in 1990 .
Burma 's junta refused to allow the party to assume power .
The military are planning to stage an election next year which they hope will give their rule a veneer of legitimacy , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What I ’ve always suspected turns out to be true , according to the FDA : Cheerios is classified as a drug .
Of course they are .
Just look what the kids do for them :
Citing a clinical study , the product labels also claim that eating two servings a day of Cheerios helps to reduce bad cholesterol when eaten as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol , the FDA letter says .
Those claims indicate that Cheerios — said by General Mills to be the best - selling cereal in the United States — is intended to be used to lower cholesterol and prevent , lessen or treat the disease hypercholesterolemia , and to treat and prevent coronary heart disease .
“ Because of these intended uses , the product is a drug , ” the FDA concluded in its letter .
As a relatively new mom , I ’d already figured this out .
My child , born and womb - bred in Spain , has no interest in Cheerios , while her cousins go batshit nuts if they ’re out .
There can be only one explanation :
The addiction was formed in the womb .
Mom ate ’em , baby ’s addicted .
It works .
Just ask crackheads .
Autistic musician Derek Paravicini performs his first professional concert at St Georges Hall , Bristol , UK ( Image : South West News Service / Rex Features )
Gallery : Savant art : A window into their formidable brains
Competition : Win tickets to see Derek Paravicini in concert
CLAD in a dark suit and sunglasses , Derek Paravicini makes a beeline for the sound of my voice and links his arm into mine .
“ Hello , Celeste .
Where have you come from today ? ”
I reply and his response is immediate : “ From Holborn ? ”
He repeats the word several times , savouring each syllable .
“ Hol - born , Hol - born , Hooool - bbooorn .
Where ’s Hoollll - booorn ? ”
As our conversation continues , the substance of much of what I say does n’t seem to sink in , but the sounds themselves certainly do , with Paravicini lingering over and repeating particularly delightful syllables .
“ Meewww - zick .
The pi-aan -o . ”
Such touching and immediate friendliness is not quite what I expected from my first meeting with the 29 - year - old , blind musical savant , but his obsession with reproducing sounds certainly makes sense , given his talent .
Paravicini can play just about any piece of music you request , entirely from memory , with formidable technical ability , despite having severe learning difficulties that mean he needs constant support in everyday life .
And as I find out an hour later , he constantly improvises the pieces he has learned by ear , rather than simply copying as you might expect .
Paravicini is a prodigious savant – someone with a dazzling talent in one or two fields , normally music , maths , art or memory , but who also has some kind of a disability , such as autism .
Psychologists have puzzled long and hard over savant skills , which confound their traditional understanding …
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - French drug maker Sanofi - Aventis has begun large - scale production of a vaccine for the H1N1 swine flu at its facilities in the United States and France , the company said on Thursday .
Production of the vaccine for the new flu virus , which has caused a global pandemic , will use conventional egg - based vaccine technology , the company said in a statement .
The statement did not specify how many doses of the swine flu vaccine the company is making .
Sanofi , which makes vaccines through its Sanofi - Pasteur unit , said dosage requirements for the vaccine will be based on clinical trials expected to take place during the summer in the northern hemisphere .
The announcement came as the company addressed a meeting of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices , which advises the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Sanofi , which has said it makes 40 percent of the world ’s supply of flu vaccine , said it is continuing to make seasonal influenza vaccine for the 2009 / 2010 northern hemisphere flu season , as recommended by the U.N. World Health Organization .
Production of seasonal flu vaccine for both northern and southern hemispheres is still a priority , the company said .
Seasonal influenza causes an estimated 250,000 to 500,000 deaths per year worldwide .
Sanofi has said that at full capacity , its two Pennsylvania factories can make 150 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine a year .
Its French plant can make 120 million doses per year , according to Sanofi .
Governments have pledged billions of dollars for a vaccine to combat swine flu .
The United States has set aside $ 1 billion .
The Netherlands ordered 34 million doses and Australia has ordered 10 million doses as the World Health Organization declared a pandemic .
Other companies that make flu vaccine include Novartis AG , Baxter International Inc , GlaxoSmithKline and Solvay .
Had a rough day ?
Is stress making you tense ?
Massage away your tension and ease aching muscles with the Hitachi Magic Hand Massager .
This hand - held wonder is a robust 12 inches in length so you can pinpoint those hard to reach areas .
The Magic Hand has a soft head with flexible neck to ensure that just the right amount of pressure is applied for the ultimate relaxing experience and to protect softer tissues from being overworked .
Vary the intensity of your massage to suit your personal taste and requirements using the dual speed control .
The Hitachi HV250R plugs in to any standard 110V outlet to provide continuous powerful relief .
Unlike other hand - held massagers , the Magic Hand can deliver soothing vibrations without the recurring expense of batteries .
Treat yourself to new levels of comfort with the Hitachi Magic Hand .
Mozilla is expected to spin out a complete version of Firefox 3.5 tomorrow , more than six months on from when it had originally planned to release the browser .
A company rep confirmed on Friday that 30 June had been earmarked for the day Firefox 3.5 would be shipped .
Firefox 3.1 morphed into 3.5 earlier this year .
Mozilla made the switch in part as an acknowledgment of lengthy delays to the browser 's release , all of which meant it had undergone a sufficient degree of development to allow for a new version number to be added .
The number of new features packed into the imminent version of Internet Explorer ’s closest rival meant it was necessary to reflect those changes in the name , said Mozilla ’s engineering veep Mike Shaver back in April .
" The increase in scope represented by TraceMonkey and Private Browsing , plus the sheer volume of work that 's gone into everything from video and layout to places and the plugin service make it a larger increment than we believe is reasonable to label 3.1 , " he said at the time .
Originally , Mozilla had slated December last year as the release date for Firefox 3.5 nee 3.1 .
But the browser 's development process was hit by several delays due to show - stopping bugs , mostly found in the open source outfit 's JavaScript engine , which pushed back the deadline several times . ®
OAK BROOK , Ill . 
Six days a week , in fair weather and foul , two - dozen door - to - door salesmen , all of whom live clustered together in an apartment complex in this suburb west of Chicago , pile into S.U.V.’s and cars and head into the big city , bent on sales of home security systems .
And on Sunday , their one day off , they drive together to the nearest house of worship of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
The salesmen are mostly former Mormon missionaries from Utah who cut their teeth  and learned their people - skill chops  cold - calling for their faith .
In Chicago and in its suburbs where their employer , Pinnacle Security of Orem , Utah , has shipped them for the summer sales season , they are doing much the same thing , but as a job .
“ It ’s missionary work turned into a business , ” said Cameron Treu , 30 , who served his mission in Chile and was recruited into D2D ( that is door - to - door in sales lingo ) by another former missionary .
The use of children 's toys is at once sanitizing and horrifying and many of the images have received thousands of views .
We post selections from Legofesto's series here as a gallery , accompanied by remarks from the artist .
Photo © Legofesto
Prime decomposition
You are encouraged to You are encouraged to solve this task according to the task description , using any language you may know .
The prime decomposition of a number is defined as a list of prime numbers which when all multiplied together , are equal to that number .
Example
12 = 2 × 2 × 3 , so its prime decomposition is { 2 , 2 , 3}
Task
Write a function which returns an array or collection which contains the prime decomposition of a given number n {\displaystyle n} greater than 1 .
If your language does not have an is Prime - like function available , you may assume that you have a function which determines whether a number is prime ( note its name before your code ) .
If you would like to test code from this task , you may use code from trial division or the Sieve of Eratosthenes .
Note :
The program must not be limited by the word size of your computer or some other artificial limit ; it should work for any number regardless of size ( ignoring the physical limits of RAM etc ) .
Related tasks
For maximum compatibility , this program uses only the basic instruction set .
PRIMEDE CSECT
USING PRIMEDE ,R13
B 80 ( R15 ) skip savearea
DC 17 F '0 ' savearea
DC CL8 ' PRIMEDE '
STM R14,R12,12( R13 )
ST R13,4( R15 )
ST R15,8( R13 )
LR R13,R15 end prolog
LA R2,0
LA R3,1023
LA R4,1024
MR R2,R4
ST R3 , N n=1023*1024
LA R5 , WBUFFER
LA R6,0
L R1 , N n
XDECO R1,0 ( R5 )
LA R5,12 ( R5 )
MVC 0 ( 3,R5 ) , =C ' : '
LA R5,3 ( R5 )
LA R0,2
ST R0 , I i=2
WHILE1 EQU * do while ( i< =n/2 )
L R2 , N
SRA R2,1
L R4 , I
CR R4,R2 i<=n/2
BH EWHILE1
WHILE2 EQU * do while (n//i=0 )
L R3 , N
LA R2,0
D R2 , I
LTR R2,R2 n//i=0
BNZ EWHILE2
ST R3 , N n=n/i
ST R3 , M m=n
L R1 , I i
XDECO R1 , WDECO
MVC 0 ( 5,R5 ) , WDECO+7
LA R5,5 ( R5 )
MVI OK , X'01 ' ok
B WHILE2
EWHILE2 EQU *
L R4 , I
CH R4 , =H ' 2 ' if i=2 then
BNE NE2
LA R0,3
ST R0 , I i=3
B EIFNE2
NE2 L R2 , I else
LA R2, 2 ( R2 )
ST R2 , I i=i+2
EIFNE2 B WHILE1
EWHILE1 EQU *
CLI OK , X'01 ' if ^ok then
BE NOTPRIME
MVC 0 ( 7,R5 ) , =C '[ prime ] '
LA R5,7 ( R5 )
B EPRIME
NOTPRIME L R1 , M m
XDECO R1 , WDECO
MVC 0 ( 5,R5 ) , WDECO+7
EPRIME XPRNT WBUFFER,80 put
L R13,4( 0,R13 ) epilog
LM R14,R12,12( R13 )
XR R15,R15
BR R14
N DS F
I DS F
M DS F
OK DC X'00 '
WBUFFER DC CL80 ' '
WDECO DS CL16
YREGS
END PRIMEDE
Output :
1047552 : 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 3 11 31
Works with : as version Raspberry Pi 3B version Buster 64 bits
/* ARM assembly AARCH64 Raspberry PI 3B */
/* program primeDecomp64.s */
/*******************************************/
/* Constantes file */
/*******************************************/
/* for this file see task include a file in language AArch64 assembly */
.include " ../includeConstantesARM64.inc
"
.equ NBFACT , 100
/*******************************************/
/* Structures */
/********************************************/
/* structurea area factors */
. struct 0
fac_value : // factor
. struct fac_value + 8
fac_number : // number of identical factors
. struct fac_number + 8
fac_end :
/*******************************************/
/* Initialized data */
/*******************************************/
.data
szMessStartPgm : .asciz " Program start
"
szMessEndPgm : .asciz " Program normal end .
"
szMessNotPrime : .asciz " Not prime .
"
szMessPrime : .asciz " Prime
"
szCarriageReturn : .asciz "
"
szSpaces : .asciz " "
szMessNumber : .asciz " The factors of @ are :
"
/*******************************************/
/* UnInitialized data */
/*******************************************/
.bss
sZoneConv : .skip 32
.align 4
tbZoneDecom : .skip fac_end * NBFACT
/*******************************************/
/* code section */
/*******************************************/
. text
.global main
main : // program start
ldr x0 , qAdrszMessStartPgm // display start message
bl affichageMess
ldr x20 , qVal
//mov x20,17
mov x0,x20
ldr x1 , qAdrtbZoneDecom
bl decompFact // decomposition
cmp x0,#0
beq 1f
mov x2,x0
mov x0,x20
ldr x1 , qAdrtbZoneDecom
bl displayFactors // display factors
b 2f
1 :
ldr x0 , qAdrszMessPrime // prime
bl affichageMess
2 :
ldr x0 , qAdrszMessEndPgm // display end message
bl affichageMess
100 : // standard end of the program
mov x0,0 // return code
mov x8 , EXIT // request to exit program
svc 0 // perform system call
qAdrszMessStartPgm : .quad szMessStartPgm
qAdrszMessEndPgm : .quad szMessEndPgm
qAdrszCarriageReturn : .quad szCarriageReturn
qAdrszMessNotPrime : .quad szMessNotPrime
qAdrszMessPrime : .quad szMessPrime
qAdrtbZoneDecom : .quad tbZoneDecom
//qVal : .quad 2 << 31
qVal : .quad 1047552 // test not prime
//qVal : .quad 1429671721 // test not prime ( 37811 * 37811 )
/******************************************************************/
/* prime decomposition */
/******************************************************************/
/* x0 contains the number */
/* x1 contains address factors array */
/* REMARK no save register x9-x19 */
decompFact :
stp x1, lr , [sp , -16 ] ! // save registers
mov x12,x0 // save number
bl is Prime // prime ?
cbnz x0,12f // yes -> no decomposition
mov x19 , fac_end // element area size
mov x18,0 // raz indice
mov x16,0 // prev divisor
mov x17,0 // number of identical divisors
mov x13,2 // first divisor
2 :
cmp x12,1
beq 10 f
udiv x14,x12,x13 // division
msub x15,x14,x13,x12 // remainder = x12 -( x13*x14 )
cbnz x15,5 f // if remainder <> zero x13 not divisor
mov x12,x14 // quotient -> new dividende
cmp x13,x16 // same divisor ?
beq 4 f // yes
cbz x16,3 f // yes it is first divisor ?
madd x11,x18,x19,x1 // no -> store prev divisor in the area
str x16,[x11 , fac_value ]
str x17,[x11 , fac_number ] // and store number of same factor
add x18,x18,1 // increment indice
mov x17,0 // raz number of same factor
3 :
mov x16,x13 // save new divisor
4 :
add x17,x17,1 // increment number of same factor
mov x0,x12 // the new dividende is prime ?
bl is Prime
cbnz x0,10f // yes
b 2 b // else loop
5 : // divisor is not a factor
cmp x13,2 // begin ?
cinc x13,x13,ne // if divisor <> 2 add 1
add x13,x13,1
b 2 b // and loop
10 : // new dividende is prime
cmp x16,x12 // divisor = dividende ?
cinc x17,x17 , eq // add 1 if last dividende = diviseur
madd x11,x18,x19,x1
str x16,[x11 , fac_value ] // store divisor in area
str x17,[x11 , fac_number ] // and store number
add x18,x18,1 // increment indice
cmp x16,x12 // store last dividende if <> diviseur
beq 11f
madd x11,x18,x19,x1
str x12,[x11 , fac_value ] // sinon stockage dans la table
mov x17,1
str x17,[x11 , fac_number ] // store 1 in number
add x18,x18,1
11 :
mov x0,x18 // return nb factors
b 100f
12 :
mov x0,#0 // number is prime
b 100f
100 :
ldp x1 , lr , [sp ] ,16 // restaur des 2 registres
ret // retour adresse lr x30
/******************************************************************/
/* prime decomposition */
/******************************************************************/
/* x0 contains the number */
/* x1 contains address factors array */
/* x2 number of factors */
display Factors :
stp x1, lr , [sp , -16 ] ! // save registres
mov x19 , fac_end // element area size
mov x13,x1 // save area address
ldr x1 , qAdrsZoneConv // load zone conversion address
bl conversion10
ldr x0 , qAdrszMessNumber
bl strInsertAtCharInc // insert result at Second @ character
bl affichageMess
mov x9,0 // indice
1 :
madd x10,x9,x19,x13 // compute address area element
ldr x0 , [ x10 , fac_value ]
ldr x12,[x10 , fac_number ]
bl conversion10 // decimal conversion
2 :
mov x0,x1
bl affichageMess
ldr x0 , qAdrszSpaces
bl affichageMess
subs x12,x12,#1
bgt 2 b
add x9,x9,1
cmp x9,x2
blt 1 b
ldr x0 , qAdrszCarriageReturn
bl affichageMess
100 :
ldp x1 , lr , [sp ] ,16 // restaur des 2 registres
ret // retour adresse lr x30
qAdrsZoneConv : .quad sZoneConv
qAdrszSpaces : .quad szSpaces
qAdrszMessNumber : .quad szMessNumber
/******************************************************************/
/* test if number is prime */
/******************************************************************/
/* x0 contains the number */
/* x0 return 1 if prime else return 0 */
isPrime :
stp x1, lr , [sp , -16 ] ! // save registers
cmp x0,1 // <= 1 ?
ble 98f
cmp x0,3 // 2 and 3 prime
ble 97f
tst x0,1 // even ?
beq 98f
mov x9,3 // first divisor
1 :
udiv x11,x0,x9
msub x10,x11,x9,x0 // compute remainder
cbz x10,98 f // end if zero
add x9,x9 , #2 // increment divisor
cmp x9,x11 // divisors < =quotient ?
ble 1 b // loop
97 :
mov x0,1 // return prime
b 100f
98 :
mov x0,0 // not prime
b 100f
100 :
ldp x1 , lr , [sp ] ,16 // restaur 2 registers
ret // return to address lr x30
/********************************************************/
/* File Include fonctions */
/********************************************************/
/* for this file see task include a file in language AArch64 assembly */
.include " ../includeARM64.inc "
Output :
Program start
The factors of 1047552 are : 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 3 11 31 Program normal end .
class ZMLA_ROSETTA definition
public
create public .
public section .
types :
enumber TYPE N LENGTH 60 ,
listof_enumber TYPE TABLE OF enumber .
class - methods FACTORS
importing
value ( N ) type ENUMBER
exporting
value ( ORET ) type LISTOF_ENUMBER .
protected section .
private section .
ENDCLASS .
CLASS ZMLA_ROSETTA IMPLEMENTATION
.
* <SIGNATURE >---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* | Static Public Method ZMLA_ROSETTA=>FACTORS
* +-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
* | [--->]
N TYPE ENUMBER
* | [<---]
ORET TYPE LISTOF_ENUMBER
* +--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------</SIGNATURE>
method FACTORS .
CLEAR oret .
WHILE n mod 2 = 0 .
n = n / 2 .
APPEND 2 to oret .
ENDWHILE .
DATA : lim type enumber ,
i type enumber .
lim = sqrt ( n ) .
i = 3 .
WHILE i <= lim .
WHILE n mod i = 0 .
APPEND i to oret .
n = n / i .
lim = sqrt ( n ) .
ENDWHILE .
i = i + 2 .
ENDWHILE .
IF n > 1 .
APPEND n to oret .
ENDIF .
endmethod .
ENDCLASS .
( include - book " arithmetic - 3/top " : dir : system )
( defun prime - factors -r ( n i )
( declare ( xargs : mode : program ) )
( cond ( ( or ( zp n ) ( zp ( - n i ) ) ( zp i ) ( < i 2 ) ( < n 2 ) )
( list n ) )
( ( = ( mod n i ) 0 )
( cons i ( prime - factors - r ( floor n i ) 2 ) ) )
( t ( prime - factors - r n ( 1 + i ) ) ) ) )
( defun prime - factors ( n )
( declare ( xargs : mode : program ) )
( prime - factors -r n 2 ) )
The solution is generic .
The package Prime_Numbers is instantiated by a type that supports necessary operations + , * , / , mod , >.
The constants 0 , 1 , 2 are parameters too , because the type might have no literals .
The same package is used for Almost prime # Ada , Semiprime # Ada , Count in factors # Ada , Primality by Trial Division # Ada , Sequence of primes by Trial Division # Ada , and Ulam_spiral_ ( for_primes ) #Ada .
This is the specification of the generic package Prime_Numbers :
generic
type Number is private ;
Zero : Number ;
One : Number ;
Two : Number ;
with function " + " ( X , Y : Number ) return Number is <>;
with function " * " ( X , Y : Number ) return Number is <>;
with function " / " ( X , Y : Number ) return Number is <>;
with function " mod " ( X , Y : Number ) return Number is <>;
with function " > " ( X , Y : Number ) return Boolean is <>;
package Prime_Numbers is
type Number_List is array ( Positive range <> ) of Number ;
function Decompose ( N : Number ) return Number_List ;
function Is_Prime ( N : Number ) return Boolean ;
end Prime_Numbers ;
The function Decompose first estimates the maximal result length as log 2 of the argument .
Then it allocates the result and starts to enumerate divisors .
It does not care to check if the divisors are prime , because non-prime divisors will be automatically excluded .
This is the implementation of the generic package Prime_Numbers :
package body Prime_Numbers is
-- auxiliary ( internal ) functions
function First_Factor ( N : Number ; Start : Number ) return Number is
K : Number := Start ;
begin
while ( ( N mod K ) /= Zero ) and then ( N > ( K*K ) ) loop
K := K +
One ;
end loop ;
if ( N mod K ) = Zero then
return K ;
else
return N ;
end if ;
end First_Factor ;
function Decompose ( N : Number ; Start : Number ) return Number_List is
F : Number := First_Factor ( N , Start ) ;
M : Number := N / F ;
begin
if M = One then -- F is the last factor
return ( 1 => F ) ;
else
return F & Decompose ( M , Start ) ;
end if ;
end Decompose ;
-- functions visible from the outside
function Decompose ( N : Number ) return Number_List is ( Decompose ( N , Two ) ) ;
function Is_Prime ( N : Number ) return Boolean is
( N > One and then First_Factor ( N , Two ) =N ) ;
end Prime_Numbers ;
In the example provided , the package Prime_Numbers is instantiated with plain integer type :
with Prime_Numbers , Ada. Text_IO ;
procedure Test_Prime is
package Integer_Numbers is new
Prime_Numbers ( Natural , 0 , 1 , 2 ) ;
use Integer_Numbers ;
procedure Put ( List : Number_List ) is
begin
for Index in List ' Range loop
Ada. Text_IO .
Put ( Positive ' Image ( List ( Index ) ) ) ;
end loop ;
end Put ;
begin
Put ( Decompose ( 12 ) ) ;
end Test_Prime ;
Output :
2 2 3
Translation of : Python
Works with : ALGOL 68 version Revision 1 - no extensions to language used
# IF long int possible THEN #
MODE LINT = LONG INT ;
LINT lmax int = long max int ;
OP LLENG = ( INT i ) LINT : LENG i ,
LSHORTEN = ( LINT i ) INT : SHORTEN i ;
#ELSE
MODE LINT = INT ;
LINT lmax int = max int ;
OP LLENG = ( INT i) LINT : i ,
LSHORTEN = ( LINT i) INT : i ;
FI #
OP LLONG = ( INT i ) LINT : LLENG i ;
MODE YIELDLINT = PROC ( LINT ) VOID ;
PROC ( LINT , YIELDLINT ) VOID gen decompose ;
INT upb cache = bits width ;
BITS cache := 2r0 ;
BITS cached := 2r0 ;
PROC is prime = ( LINT n ) BOOL : (
BOOL
has factor := FALSE ,
out := TRUE ;
# FOR LINT factor IN # gen decompose ( n , # ) DO ( #
## ( LINT factor ) VOID : (
IF has factor THEN out := FALSE ; GO TO done FI ;
has factor := TRUE
# OD # ) ) ;
done : out
) ;
PROC is prime cached := ( LINT n ) BOOL : (
LINT l half n = n OVER LLONG 2 - LLONG 1 ;
IF l half n <= LLENG upb cache THEN
INT half n = LSHORTEN l half n ;
IF half n ELEM cached THEN
BOOL ( half n ELEM cache )
ELSE
BOOL out = is prime ( n ) ;
BITS mask = 2r1 SHL ( upb cache - half n ) ;
cached := cached OR mask ;
IF out THEN cache := cache OR mask FI ;
out
FI
ELSE
is prime ( n ) # above useful cache limit #
FI
) ;
PROC gen primes := ( YIELDLINT yield ) VOID : (
yield ( LLONG 2 ) ;
LINT n := LLONG 3 ;
WHILE n < l maxint - LLONG 2 DO
yield ( n ) ;
n +:= LLONG 2 ;
WHILE n < l maxint - LLONG 2 AND NOT is prime cached ( n ) DO
n +:= LLONG 2
OD
OD
) ;
# PROC # gen decompose := ( LINT in n , YIELDLINT yield ) VOID : (
LINT n := in n ;
# FOR LINT p IN # gen primes ( # ) DO ( #
## ( LINT p ) VOID :
IF p * p > n THEN
GO TO done
ELSE
WHILE n MOD p = LLONG 0 DO
yield ( p ) ;
n := n OVER p
OD
FI
# OD # ) ;
done :
IF n > LLONG 1 THEN
yield ( n )
FI
) ;
main : (
# FOR LINT m IN # gen primes ( # ) DO ( #
## ( LINT m ) VOID : (
LINT p = LLONG 2 ** LSHORTEN m - LLONG 1 ;
print ( ( " 2** " , whole ( m , 0 ) , " - 1 = " , whole ( p , 0 ) , " , with factors : " ) ) ;
# FOR LINT factor IN # gen decompose ( p , # ) DO ( #
## ( LINT factor ) VOID :
print ( ( " " , whole ( factor , 0 ) ) )
# OD # ) ;
print ( new line ) ;
IF m >= LLONG 59 THEN GO TO done FI
# OD # ) ) ;
done : EMPTY
)
Output :
2**2 - 1 = 3 , with factors : 3 2**3 - 1 = 7 , with factors : 7 2**5 - 1 = 31 , with factors : 31 2**7 -1 = 127 , with factors : 127 2**11-1 = 2047 , with factors : 23 89 2**13-1 = 8191 , with factors : 8191 2**17-1 = 131071 , with factors : 131071 2**19-1 = 524287 , with factors : 524287 2**23-1 = 8388607 , with factors : 47 178481 2**29-1 = 536870911 , with factors : 233 1103 2089 2**31-1 = 2147483647 , with factors : 2147483647 2**37-1 = 137438953471 , with factors : 223 616318177 2**41-1 = 2199023255551 , with factors : 13367 164511353 2**43-1 = 8796093022207 , with factors : 431 9719 2099863 2**47-1 = 140737488355327 , with factors : 2351 4513 13264529 2**53-1 = 9007199254740991 , with factors : 6361 69431 20394401 2**59-1 = 576460752303423487 , with factors : 179951 3203431780337
( decomposition of 12 ) :- note : This specimen retains the original Python coding style .
Note : ALGOL 68G took 49,109,599 BogoMI and ELLA ALGOL 68RS took 1,127,634 BogoMI to complete the example .
9040 PF(0 ) = 0 : SC = 0
9050 FOR CA = 2 TO INT ( SQR ( I ) )
9060 IF I = 1 THEN RETURN
9070 IF INT( I / CA ) * CA = I THEN GOSUB 9200 : GOTO 9060
9080 CA = CA + SC : SC = 1
9090 NEXT CA
9100 IF I = 1 THEN RETURN
9110 CA = I
9200 PF( 0 ) = PF ( 0 ) + 1
9210 PF ( PF( 0 ) ) = CA
9220 I = I / CA
9230 RETURN
loop [ filter 2..60 => is Prime ] @ ( num ) {
n : 2^num -1
print " 2 ^ " + num + " - 1 = " + n + " => prime decomposition : " + [ primeFactors n ]
}
Output :
2^2-1 = 3 => prime decomposition : # (3 ) 2^3-1 = 7 => prime decomposition : # ( 7 ) 2^5-1 = 31 => prime decomposition : #( 31 ) 2^7-1 = 127 => prime decomposition : #( 127 ) 2^11 - 1 = 2047 => prime decomposition : #( 23 89 ) 2^13 - 1 = 8191 => prime decomposition : #( 8191 ) 2^17-1 = 131071 => prime decomposition : #( 131071 ) 2^19 -1 = 524287 => prime decomposition : #( 524287 ) 2^23-1 = 8388607 => prime decomposition : #( 47 178481 ) 2^29-1 = 536870911 => prime decomposition : #( 233 1103 2089 ) 2^31-1 = 2147483647 => prime decomposition : #( 2147483647 ) 2^37-1 = 137438953471 => prime decomposition : #( 223 616318177 ) 2^41-1 = 2199023255551 => prime decomposition : #( 13367 164511353 ) 2^43-1 = 8796093022207 => prime decomposition : #( 431 9719 2099863 ) 2^47-1 = 140737488355327 => prime decomposition : #( 2351 4513 13264529 ) 2^53-1 = 9007199254740991 => prime decomposition : #( 6361 69431 20394401 ) 2^59-1 = 576460752303423487 => prime decomposition : #( 179951 3203431780337 )
MsgBox % factor ( 8388607 ) ; 47 * 178481
factor ( n )
{
if ( n = 1 )
return
f = 2
while ( f <= n )
{
if ( Mod ( n , f ) = 0 )
{
next := factor ( n / f )
return , % f " `n " next
}
f ++
}
}
As the examples show , pretty large numbers can be factored in tolerable time :
# Usage : awk -f primefac.awk
function pfac ( n , r , f ) {
r = " " ; f = 2
while ( f <= n ) {
while ( ! ( n % f ) ) {
n = n / f
r = r " " f
}
f = f + 2 - ( f == 2 )
}
return r
}
# For each line of input , print the prime factors .
{ print pfac ( $ 1 ) }
Output :
$ 36 2 2 3 3 77 7 11 536870911 233 1103 2089 8796093022207 431 9719 2099863
entering input on stdin :
Unfortunately Batch does 'nt have a BigNum library so the maximum number that can be decomposed is 2^31 - 1
@echo off
::usage : cmd /k primefactor.cmd number
setlocal enabledelayedexpansion
set / a compo=%1
if " % compo % " == " " goto:eof
set list= % compo%= (
set / a div=2 & call : loopdiv
set / a div=3 & call : loopdiv
set / a div=5, inc=2
: looptest
call :loopdiv
set /a div+=inc , inc=6-inc,div2=div*div
if % div2 % lss % compo % goto looptest
if % compo % neq 1 set list = % list % % compo %
echo % list % ) & goto : eof
: loopdiv
set /a " res=compo%%div
if %res % neq 0 goto : eof
set list= % list % %div % ,
set / a compo/=div
goto : loopdiv
Works with : befungee
Handles safely integers only up to 250 ( or ones which do n't have prime divisors greater than 250 ) .
& 211 p > : 1 - #v_ 25 * , @ > 11g :. / v
> : 11g %!|
> 11g 1 + 11p v
^ <
blsq ) 12fC
{ 2 2 3}
Relatively sophiscated sieve method based on size 30 prime wheel .
The code does not pretend to handle prime factors larger than 64 bits .
All 32 - bit primes are cached with 137MB data .
Cache data takes about a minute to compute the first time the program is run , which is also saved to the current directory , and will be loaded in a second if needed again .
#include < inttypes.h >
#include < stdio.h >
#include < stdlib.h >
#include < string .h >
#include < assert.h >
typedef uint32_t pint ;
typedef uint64_t xint ;
typedef unsigned int uint ;
#define PRIuPINT PRIu32 /* printf macro for pint */
# define PRIuXINT PRIu64 /* printf macro for xint */
# define MAX_FACTORS
63 /* because 2^64 is too large for xint */
uint8 _t * pbits ;
# define MAX_PRIME ( ~( pint ) 0 )
#define MAX_PRIME_SQ
65535U
# define PBITS ( MAX_PRIME / 30 + 1 )
pint next_prime ( pint ) ;
int is_prime ( xint ) ;
void sieve ( pint ) ;
uint8_t bit_pos [ 30 ] = {
0 , 1 << 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ,
0 , 1 << 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 << 2 ,
0 , 1 << 3 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 << 4 ,
0 , 1 << 5 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 << 6 ,
0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 << 7 ,
} ;
uint8_t rem_num [ ] = { 1 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 17 , 19 , 23 , 29 } ;
void init_primes ( )
{
FILE * fp ;
pint s , tgt = 4 ;
if ( ! ( pbits = malloc ( PBITS ) ) ) {
perror ( " malloc " ) ;
exit ( 1 ) ;
}
if ( ( fp = fopen ( " primebits " , " r " ) ) ) {
fread ( pbits , 1 , PBITS , fp ) ;
fclose ( fp ) ;
return ;
}
memset ( pbits , 255 , PBITS ) ;
for ( s = 7 ; s <= MAX_PRIME_SQ ; s = next_prime ( s ) ) {
if ( s > tgt ) {
tgt *= 2 ;
fprintf ( stderr , " sieve % " PRIuPINT "
" , s ) ;
}
sieve ( s ) ;
}
fp = fopen ( " primebits " , " w " ) ;
fwrite ( pbits , 1 , PBITS , fp ) ;
fclose ( fp ) ;
}
int is_prime ( xint x )
{
pint p ;
if ( x > 5 ) {
if ( x < MAX_PRIME )
return pbits [ x / 30 ] & bit_pos [ x % 30 ] ;
for ( p = 2 ; p && ( xint ) p * p <= x ; p = next_prime ( p ) )
if ( x % p == 0 ) return 0 ;
return 1 ;
}
return x == 2 || x == 3 || x == 5 ;
}
void sieve ( pint p )
{
unsigned char b [ 8 ] ;
off_t ofs [ 8 ] ;
int i , q ;
for ( i = 0 ; i < 8 ; i ++ ) {
q = rem_num [ i ] * p ;
b [ i ] = ~ bit_pos [ q % 30 ] ;
ofs [ i ] = q / 30 ;
}
for ( q = ofs [ 1 ] , i = 7 ; i ; i -- )
ofs [ i ] -= ofs [ i - 1 ] ;
for ( ofs [ 0 ] = p , i = 1 ; i < 8 ; i ++ )
ofs [ 0 ] -= ofs [ i ] ;
for ( i = 1 ; q < PBITS ; q += ofs [ i = ( i + 1 ) & 7 ] )
pbits [ q ] &= b [ i ] ;
}
pint next_prime ( pint p )
{
off_t addr ;
uint8 _t bits , rem ;
if ( p > 5 ) {
addr = p / 30 ;
bits = bit_pos [ p % 30 ] << 1 ;
for ( rem = 0 ; ( 1 << rem ) < bits ; rem ++ ) ;
while ( pbits [ addr ] < bits || ! bits ) {
if ( ++ addr >= PBITS ) return 0 ;
bits = 1 ;
rem = 0 ;
}
if ( addr >= PBITS ) return 0 ;
while ( ! ( pbits [ addr ] & bits ) ) {
rem ++;
bits <<= 1 ;
}
return p = addr * 30 + rem_num [ rem ] ;
}
switch ( p ) {
case 2 : return 3 ;
case 3 : return 5 ;
case 5 : return 7 ;
}
return 2 ;
}
int decompose ( xint n , xint * f )
{
pint p = 0 ;
int i = 0 ;
/* check small primes : not strictly necessary */
if ( n <= MAX_PRIME && is_prime ( n ) ) {
f [ 0 ] = n ;
return 1 ;
}
while ( n >= ( xint ) p * p ) {
if ( ! ( p = next_prime ( p ) ) ) break ;
while ( n % p == 0 ) {
n /= p ;
f [ i ++ ] = p ;
}
}
if ( n > 1 ) f [ i ++ ] = n ;
return i ;
}
int main ( )
{
int i , len ;
pint p = 0 ;
xint f [ MAX_FACTORS ] , po ;
init_primes ( ) ;
for ( p = 1 ; p < 64 ; p ++ ) {
po = ( 1LLU << p ) - 1 ;
printf ( " 2 ^ % " PRIuPINT " - 1 = %" PRIuXINT , p , po ) ;
fflush ( stdout ) ;
if ( ( len = decompose ( po , f ) ) > 1 )
for ( i = 0 ; i < len ; i ++ )
printf ( " %c % " PRIuXINT , i ? ' x ' : ' = ' , f [ i ] ) ;
putchar ( '
' ) ;
}
return 0 ;
}
Using GNU Compiler Collection gcc extensions [ edit ]
Translation of : ALGOL 68
Works with : gcc version 4.3.0 20080428 ( Red Hat 4.3.0 - 8 )
Note :
The following code sample is experimental as it implements python style iterators for ( potentially ) infinite sequences .
C is not normally written this way , and in the case of this sample it requires the GCC " nested procedure " extension to the C language .
#include < limits .h >
#include < stdio.h >
#include < math.h >
typedef enum { false = 0 , true = 1 } bool ;
const int max_lint = LONG_MAX ;
typedef long long int lint ;
#assert sizeof_long_long_int ( LONG_MAX >=8 ) /* XXX */
/* the following line is the only time I have ever required " auto " */
# define FOR ( i, iterator ) auto bool lambda ( i ) ; yield_init = ( void *) λ iterator ; bool lambda ( i )
# define DO {
# define YIELD (x ) if ( ! yield (x ) ) return
# define BREAK return false
# define CONTINUE return true
# define OD CONTINUE ; }
/* Warning : _ Most_ FOR ( , ) { } loops _must_ have a CONTINUE as the last statement .
* Otherwise the lambda will return random value from stack , and may terminate early */
typedef void iterator , lint_iterator ; /* hint at procedure purpose */
static volatile void * yield_init ; /* not thread safe */
# define YIELDS ( type ) bool ( * yield ) ( type ) = yield_init
typedef unsigned int bits ;
# define ELEM ( shift , bits ) ( ( bits >> shift ) & 0b1 )
bits cache = 0b0 , cached = 0b0 ;
const lint upb_cache = 8 * sizeof ( cache ) ;
lint_iterator decompose ( lint ) ; /* forward declaration */
bool is_prime ( lint n ) {
bool has_factor = false , out = true ;
/* for factor in decompose (n ) do */
FOR ( lint factor , decompose ( n ) ) {
if ( has_factor ) { out = false ; BREAK ; }
has_factor = true ;
CONTINUE ;
}
return out ;
}
bool is_prime_cached ( lint n ) {
lint half_n = n / 2 - 2 ;
if ( half_n <= upb_cache ) {
/* dont cache the initial four , nor the even numbers */
if ( ELEM ( half_n , cached ) ) {
return ELEM ( half_n , cache ) ;
} else {
bool out = is_prime ( n ) ;
cache = cache | out << half_n ;
cached = cached | 0b1 << half_n ;
return out ;
}
} else {
return is_prime ( n ) ;
}
}
lint_iterator primes ( ) {
YIELDS ( lint ) ;
YIELD ( 2 ) ;
lint n = 3 ;
while ( n < max_lint - 2 ) {
YIELD ( n ) ;
n += 2 ;
while ( n < max_lint - 2 && ! is_prime_cached ( n ) ) {
n += 2 ;
}
}
}
lint_iterator decompose ( lint in_n ) {
YIELDS ( lint ) ;
lint n = in_n ;
/* for p in primes do */
FOR ( lint p , primes ( ) ) {
if ( p * p > n ) {
BREAK ;
} else {
while ( n % p == 0 ) {
YIELD ( p ) ;
n = n / p ;
}
}
CONTINUE ;
}
if ( n > 1 ) {
YIELD ( n ) ;
}
}
main ( ) {
FOR ( lint m , primes ( ) ) {
lint p = powl ( 2 , m ) - 1 ;
printf ( " 2**% lld - 1 = %lld , with factors : " , m , p ) ;
FOR ( lint factor , decompose ( p ) ) {
printf ( " % lld " , factor ) ;
fflush ( stdout ) ;
CONTINUE ;
}
printf ( "
" , m ) ;
if ( m >= 59 ) BREAK ;
CONTINUE ;
}
}
Output :
2**2 - 1 = 3 , with factors : 3 2**3 - 1 = 7 , with factors : 7 2**5 - 1 = 31 , with factors : 31 2**7 -1 = 127 , with factors : 127 2**11-1 = 2047 , with factors : 23 89 2**13-1 = 8191 , with factors : 8191 2**17-1 = 131071 , with factors : 131071 2**19-1 = 524287 , with factors : 524287 2**23-1 = 8388607 , with factors : 47 178481 2**29-1 = 536870911 , with factors : 233 1103 2089 2**31-1 = 2147483647 , with factors : 2147483647 2**37-1 = 137438953471 , with factors : 223 616318177 2**41-1 = 2199023255551 , with factors : 13367 164511353 2**43-1 = 8796093022207 , with factors : 431 9719 2099863 2**47-1 = 140737488355327 , with factors : 2351 4513 13264529 2**53-1 = 9007199254740991 , with factors : 6361 69431 20394401 2**59-1 = 576460752303423487 , with factors : 179951 3203431780337
Note : gcc took 487,719 BogoMI to complete the example .
cpp
#include < stdio.h >
#include < stdlib.h >
#include < stdint.h >
typedef uint32_t pint ;
typedef uint64_t xint ;
typedef unsigned int uint ;
int is_prime ( xint ) ;
inline int next_prime ( pint p )
{
if ( p == 2 ) return 3 ;
for ( p += 2 ; p > 1 && ! is_prime ( p ) ; p += 2 ) ;
if ( p == 1 ) return 0 ;
return p ;
}
int is_prime ( xint n )
{
# define NCACHE 256
# define S ( sizeof ( uint ) * 2 )
static uint cache [ NCACHE ] = { 0 } ;
pint p = 2 ;
int ofs , bit = - 1 ;
if ( n < NCACHE * S ) {
ofs = n / S ;
bit = 1 << ( ( n & ( S - 1 ) ) >> 1 ) ;
if ( cache [ ofs ] & bit ) return 1 ;
}
do {
if ( n % p == 0 ) return 0 ;
if ( p * p > n ) break ;
} while ( ( p = next_prime ( p ) ) ) ;
if ( bit != - 1 ) cache [ ofs ] |= bit ;
return 1 ;
}
int decompose ( xint n , pint * out )
{
int i = 0 ;
pint p = 2 ;
while ( n > p * p ) {
while ( n % p == 0 ) {
out [ i ++ ] = p ;
n /= p ;
}
if ( ! ( p = next_prime ( p ) ) ) break ;
}
if ( n > 1 ) out [ i ++ ] = n ;
return i ;
}
int main ( )
{
int i , j , len ;
xint z ;
pint out [ 100 ] ;
for ( i = 2 ; i < 64 ; i = next_prime ( i ) ) {
z = ( 1ULL << i ) - 1 ;
printf ( " 2^ %d - 1 = % llu = " , i , z ) ;
fflush ( stdout ) ;
len = decompose ( z , out ) ;
for ( j = 0 ; j < len ; j ++ )
printf ( " %u%s " , out [ j ] , j < len - 1 ? " x " : "
" ) ;
}
return 0 ;
}
using System ;
using System .
Collections .
Generic ;
namespace PrimeDecomposition
{
class Program
{
static void Main ( string [ ] args )
{
GetPrimes ( 12 ) ;
}
static List < int > GetPrimes ( decimal n )
{
List < int > storage = new List < int > ( ) ;
while ( n > 1 )
{
int i = 1 ;
while ( true )
{
if ( Is Prime ( i ) )
{
if ( ( ( decimal ) n / i ) == Math .
Round ( ( decimal ) n / i ) )
{
n /= i ;
storage .
Add ( i ) ;
break ;
}
}
i ++;
}
}
return storage ;
}
static bool Is Prime ( int n )
{
if ( n <= 1 ) return false ;
for ( int i = 2 ; i <= Math .
Sqrt ( n ) ; i ++ )
if ( n % i == 0 ) return false ;
return true ;
}
}
}
Simple trial division [ edit ]
To understand what was going on with the above code , pass it throughand read the outcome .
Translated into normal C code sans the function call overhead , it 's really this ( the following uses a adjustable cache , although setting it beyond a few thousands does n't gain further benefit ) :
This version a translation from Java of the sample presented by Robert C. Martin during a TDD talk at NDC 2011 .
Although this three - line algorithm does not mention anything about primes , the fact that factors are taken out of the number n in ascending order garantees the list will only contain primes .
using System .
Collections .
Generic ;
namespace PrimeDecomposition
{
public class Primes
{
public List < int > FactorsOf ( int n )
{
var factors = new List < int > ( ) ;
for ( var divisor = 2 ; n > 1 ; divisor ++ )
for ( ; n % divisor == 0 ; n /= divisor )
factors .
Add ( divisor ) ;
return factors ;
}
}
Works with : g++ version 4.1.2 20061115 ( prerelease ) ( Debian 4.1.1-21 )
#include < iostream >
#include < gmpxx .h >
//
This function template works for any type representing integers or
// nonnegative integers , and has the standard operator overloads for
// arithmetic and comparison operators , as well as explicit conversion
// from int .
//
// OutputIterator must be an output iterator with value_type Integer .
//
It receives the prime factors .
template < typename Integer , typename OutputIterator >
void decompose ( Integer n , OutputIterator out )
{
Integer i ( 2 ) ;
while ( n ! = 1 )
{
while ( n % i == Integer ( 0 ) )
{
* out ++ = i ;
n / = i ;
}
++ i ;
}
}
// this is an output iterator similar to std::ostream_iterator , except
// that it outputs the separation string * before * the value , but not
// before the first value ( i.e. it produces an infix notation ) .
template < typename T > class infix_ostream_iterator :
public std :: iterator < T , std :: output_iterator_tag >
{
class Proxy ;
friend class Proxy ;
class Proxy
{
public :
Proxy ( infix_ostream_iterator & iter ) : iterator ( iter ) { }
Proxy & operator = ( T const & value )
{
if ( ! iterator . first )
{
iterator .
stream << iterator .
infix ;
}
iterator .
stream << value ;
}
private :
infix_ostream_iterator & iterator ;
} ;
public :
infix_ostream_iterator ( std :: ostream & os , char const * inf ) :
stream ( os ) ,
first ( true ) ,
infix ( inf )
{
}
infix_ostream_iterator & operator ++ ( ) { first = false ; return * this ; }
infix_ostream_iterator operator ++ ( int )
{
infix_ostream_iterator prev ( * this ) ;
++* this ;
return prev ;
}
Proxy operator * ( ) { return Proxy ( * this ) ; }
private :
std :: ostream & stream ;
bool first ;
char const * infix ;
} ;
int main ( )
{
std :: cout << " please enter a positive number : " ;
mpz_class number ;
std :: cin >> number ;
if ( number <= 0 )
std :: cout << " this number is not positive !
; " ;
else
{
std :: cout << " decomposition : " ;
decompose ( number , infix_ostream_iterator < mpz_class > ( std :: cout , " * " ) ) ;
std :: cout << "
" ;
}
}
; ;;
No stack consuming algorithm
( defn factors
" Return a list of factors of N . "
( [ n ]
( factors n 2 ( ) ) )
( [ n k acc ]
( if ( = 1 n )
acc
( if ( = 0 ( rem n k ) )
( recur ( quot n k ) k ( cons k acc ) )
( recur n ( inc k ) acc ) ) ) ) )
It 's not easily possible to have arbitrary precision integers in PET basic , so here is at least a version using built - in data types ( reals ) .
On return from the subroutine starting at 9000 the global array pf contains the number of factors followed by the factors themselves :
9000 REM ----- function generate
9010 REM in ... i ... number
9020 REM out ... pf ( ) ... factors
9030 REM mod ... ca ... pf candidate
9040 pf ( 0 ) = 0 : ca= 2 : REM special case
9050 IF i= 1 THEN RETURN
9060 IF INT ( i/ca ) * ca=i THEN GOSUB 9200 : GOTO 9050
9070 FOR ca= 3 TO INT ( SQR ( i ) ) STEP 2
9080 IF i= 1 THEN RETURN
9090 IF INT ( i/ca ) * ca=i THEN GOSUB 9200 : GOTO 9080
9100 NEXT
9110 IF i> 1 THEN ca=i : GOSUB 9200
9120 RETURN
9200 pf ( 0 ) =pf ( 0 ) + 1
9210 pf ( pf ( 0 ) ) =ca
9220 i=i/ca
9230 RETURN
; ;; Recursive algorithm
( defun factor ( n )
" Return a list of factors of N . "
( when ( > n 1 )
( loop with max-d = ( isqrt n )
for d = 2 then ( if ( evenp d ) ( + d 1 ) ( + d 2 ) ) do
( cond ( ( > d max-d ) ( return ( list n ) ) ) ; n is prime
( ( zerop ( rem n d ) ) ( return ( cons d ( factor ( truncate n d ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
; ;; Tail - recursive version
( defun factor ( n & optional ( acc ' ( ) ) )
( when ( > n 1 ) ( loop with max-d = ( isqrt n )
for d = 2 then ( if ( evenp d ) ( 1 + d ) ( + d 2 ) ) do
( cond ( ( > d max-d ) ( return ( cons ( list n 1 ) acc ) ) )
( ( zerop ( rem n d ) )
( return ( factor ( truncate n d ) ( if ( eq d ( caar acc ) )
( cons
( list ( caar acc ) ( 1 + ( cadar acc ) ) )
( cdr acc ) )
( cons ( list d 1 ) acc ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
import std. stdio , std. bigint , std. algorithm , std. traits , std. range ;
Unqual !
T [ ] decompose ( T ) ( in T number ) pure nothrow
in {
assert ( number > 1 ) ;
} body {
typeof ( return ) result ;
Unqual !
T n = number ;
for ( Unqual !
T i = 2 ; n % i == 0 ; n /= i )
result ~= i ;
for ( Unqual !
T i = 3 ; n >= i * i ; i += 2 )
for ( ; n % i == 0 ; n /= i )
result ~= i ;
if ( n != 1 )
result ~= n ;
return result ;
}
void main ( ) {
writefln ( " %(%s
% ) " , iota ( 2 , 10 ) . map !
decompose ) ;
decompose ( 1023 * 1024 ) . writeln ;
BigInt ( 2 * 3 * 5 * 7 * 11 * 11 * 13 * 17 ) . decompose .
writeln ;
decompose ( 16860167264933UL. BigInt * 179951 ) . writeln ;
decompose ( 2 . BigInt ^^ 100 _000 ) . group .
writeln ;
}
Output :
[ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 2 , 2 ] [ 5 ] [ 2 , 3 ] [ 7 ] [ 2 , 2 , 2 ] [ 3 , 3 ] [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 11 , 31 ] [ 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , 11 , 13 , 17 ] [ 179951 , 16860167264933 ] [ Tuple ! ( BigInt , uint ) ( 2 , 100000 ) ]
This example assumes a function is Prime and was tested with this one .
It could use a self - referential implementation such as the Python task , but the original author of this example did not like the ordering dependency involved .
def primes := {
var primesCache := [ 2 ]
/** A collection of all prime numbers . */
def primes {
to iterate ( f ) {
primesCache. iterate ( f )
for x in ( int > primesCache . last ( ) ) {
if ( is Prime ( x ) ) {
f ( primesCache . size ( ) , x )
primesCache with = x
}
}
}
}
}
def primeDecomposition ( var x : ( int > 0 ) ) {
var factors := [ ]
for p in primes {
while ( x % p < => 0 ) {
factors with = p
x //= p
}
if ( x < => 1 ) {
break
}
}
return factors
}
The built - in prime - factors function performs the task .
( prime - factors 1024 )
→ ( 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 )
( lib ' bigint )
;; 2^59 - 1
( prime - factors ( 1 - ( expt 2 59 ) ) )
→ ( 179951 3203431780337 )
( prime - factors 100000000000000000037 )
→ ( 31 821 66590107 59004541 )
Uses the feature prime from the Task Primality by Trial Devision in the contract to check if the Result contains only prime numbers .
class
PRIME_DECOMPOSITION
feature
factor ( p : INTEGER ) : ARRAY [ INTEGER ]
-- Prime decomposition of ' p ' .
require
p_positive : p > 0
local
div , i , next , rest : INTEGER
do
create Result .
make_empty
if p = 1 then
Result . force ( 1 , 1 )
end
div := 2
next := 3
rest := p
from
i := 1
until
rest = 1
loop
from
until
rest \\ div /= 0
loop
Result .
force ( div , i )
rest := ( rest / div ) .
floor
i := i + 1
end
div := next
next := next + 2
end
ensure
is_divisor : across Result as r all p \\ r. item = 0 end
is_prime : across Result as r all prime ( r. item ) end
end
The test was done in an application class .
( Similar as in other Eiffel examples ( ex. Selectionsort ) . )
factor ( 5000 )
Output :
2x2x2x5x5x5x5
Translation of : F #
open integer // arbitrary sized integers
decompose_prime n = loop n 2I
where
loop c p | c < ( p * p ) = [ c ]
| c % p == 0I = p :: ( loop ( c / p ) p )
| else = loop c ( p + 1I )
decompose_prime 600851475143I
Output :
[ 71,839,1471,6857 ]
defmodule Prime do
def decomposition ( n ) , do : decomposition ( n , 2 , [ ] )
defp decomposition ( n , k , acc ) when n < k*k , do : Enum.reverse( acc , [ n ] )
defp decomposition ( n , k , acc ) when rem(n , k ) == 0 , do : decomposition ( div( n , k ) , k , [ k | acc ] )
defp decomposition( n , k , acc ) , do : decomposition ( n , k+1 , acc )
end
prime = Stream.iterate ( 2 , &( &1+1 ) ) |>
Stream.filter ( fn n-> length ( Prime.decomposition(n ) ) == 1 end ) |>
Enum.take ( 17 )
mersenne = Enum.map ( prime , fn n -> {n , round ( : math.pow ( 2, n ) ) - 1} end )
Enum.each ( mersenne , fn {n , m} ->
:io.format " ~3s :~20w = ~ s~n " , [ " M#{n} " , m , Prime.decomposition (m ) |> Enum.join ( " x " ) ]
end )
Output :
M2 : 3 = 3 M3 : 7 = 7 M5 : 31 = 31 M7 : 127 = 127 M11 : 2047 = 23 x 89 M13 : 8191 = 8191 M17 : 131071 = 131071 M19 : 524287 = 524287 M23 : 8388607 = 47 x 178481 M29 : 536870911 = 233 x 1103 x 2089 M31 : 2147483647 = 2147483647 M37 : 137438953471 = 223 x 616318177 M41 : 2199023255551 = 13367 x 164511353 M43 : 8796093022207 = 431 x 9719 x 2099863 M47 : 140737488355327 = 2351 x 4513 x 13264529 M53 : 9007199254740991 = 6361 x 69431 x 20394401 M59 : 576460752303423487 = 179951 x 3203431780337
% no stack consuming version
factors ( N ) ->
factors ( N , 2 , [ ] ) .
factors ( 1 , _ , Acc ) ->
Acc ;
factors ( N , K , Acc ) when N < K * K -> [ N |Acc ] ;
factors ( N , K , Acc ) when N rem K == 0 ->
factors ( N div K , K , [ K |Acc ] ) ;
factors ( N , K , Acc ) ->
factors ( N , K + 1 , Acc ) .
PROGRAM DECOMPOSE
!
! for rosettacode.org
!
!VAR NUM , J
DIM PF [ 100 ]
PROCEDURE STORE_FACTOR
PF [ 0 ] =PF [ 0 ] +1
PF [ PF [ 0 ] ]
=CA
I=I/CA
END PROCEDURE
PROCEDURE DECOMP( I )
PF [ 0]=0 CA=2 ! special case
LOOP
IF I=1 THEN EXIT PROCEDURE END IF
EXIT IF INT( I/CA ) *CA <>
I
STORE_FACTOR
END LOOP
FOR CA=3 TO INT ( SQR ( I ) ) STEP 2 DO
LOOP
IF I=1 THEN EXIT PROCEDURE END IF
EXIT IF INT( I/CA ) *CA <>
I
STORE_FACTOR
END LOOP
END FOR
IF I>1 THEN CA=I STORE_FACTOR END IF
END PROCEDURE
BEGIN
! ----- function generate
! in ... I ... number
! out ... PF [ ] ... factors
! PF [ 0 ] ... # of factors
! mod ... CA ... pr.fact .
candidate
PRINT ( CHR$ ( 12 ) ; ) !CLS
INPUT ( " Numero " , NUM )
DECOMP ( NUM )
PRINT ( NUM ; " = " ; )
FOR J=1 TO PF [ 0 ]
DO
PRINT ( PF [ J ] ; )
END FOR
PRINT
END PROGRAM
This version is a translation from Commodore BASIC program .
## இந்த நிரல் தரப்பட்ட எண்ணின் பகாஎண் கூறுகளைக் கண்டறியும ்
நிரல்பாகம் பகாஎண்ணா ( எண ்1 )
## இந்த நிரல்பாகம் தரப்பட்ட எண் பகு எண்ணா அல்லது பகா எண்ணா என்று கண்டறிந்து சொல்லும ்
## பகுஎண் என்றால் 0 திரும்பத் தரப்படும ்
## பகாஎண் என்றால் 1 திரும்பத் தரப்படும ்
@( எண்1 < 0 ) ஆனால ்
## எதிர்மறை எண்களை நேராக்குதல ்
எண்1 = எண ்1 * ( - 1 )
முட ி
@( எண்1 < 2 ) ஆனால ்
## பூஜ்ஜியம் , ஒன்று ஆகியவை பகா எண்கள் அல் ல
பின்கொடு 0
முட ி
@ ( எண்1 == 2 ) ஆனால ்
## இரண்டு என்ற எண் ஒரு பகா எண ்
பின்கொடு 1
முட ி
மீதம் = எண ்1%2
@ ( மீதம் == 0 ) ஆனால ்
## இரட்டைப்படை எண் , ஆகவே , இது பகா எண் அல் ல
பின்கொடு 0
முட ி
எண்1வர்க்கமூலம் = எண ்1^0.5
@( எண ்2 = 3 , எண ்2 <= எண ்1வர்க்கமூலம் , எண ்2 = எ ண ்2 + 2 ) ஆக
மீதம ்1 = எண்1%எண்2
@ ( மீதம்1 == 0 ) ஆனால ்
## ஏதேனும் ஓர் எண்ணால் முழுமையாக வகுபட்டுவிட்டது , ஆகவே அது பகா எண் அல் ல
பின்கொடு 0
முட ி
முட ி
பின்கொடு 1
முட ி
நிரல்பாகம் பகுத்தெடு ( எ ண ்1 )
## இந்த எண் தரப்பட்ட எண்ணின் பகா எண் கூறுகளைக் கண்டறிந்து பட்டியல் இடும ்
கூறுகள் = பட்டியல் ( )
@( எண்1 < 0 ) ஆனால ்
## எதிர்மறை எண்களை நேராக்குதல ்
எண்1 = எண ்1 * ( - 1 )
முட ி
@( எண்1 <= 1 ) ஆனால ்
## ஒன்று அல்லது அதற்குக் குறைவான எண்களுக்குப் பகா எண் விகிதம் கண்டறியமுடியாத ு
பின்கொடு கூறுகள ்
முட ி
@( பகாஎண்ண ா ( எண ் 1 ) == 1 ) ஆனால ்
## தரப்பட்ட எண்ணே பகா எண்ணாக அமைந்துவிட்டால் , அதற்கு அதுவே பகாஎண் கூறு ஆகும ்
பின்இணை( கூறுகள் , எண்1 )
பின்கொடு கூறுகள ்
முட ி
தாற்காலிகஎண் = எண்1
எண ்2 = 2
@( எண ்2 <= தாற்காலிகஎண் ) வர ை
விட ை1 = பகாஎண்ணா ( எ ண ்2 )
மீண்டும்தொடங்கு = 0
@ ( விட ை1 == 1 ) ஆனால ்
விட ை2 = தாற்காலிகஎண்%எண்2
@ ( விட ை2 == 0 ) ஆனால ்
## பகா எண்ணால் முழுமையாக வகுபட்டுள்ளது , அதனைப் பட்டியலில் இணைக்கிறோம ்
பின்இண ை( கூறுகள் , எண ்2 )
தாற்காலிகஎண் = தாற்காலிகஎண்/எண்2
## மீண்டும் இரண்டில் தொடங்கி இதே கணக்கிடுதலைத் தொடரவேண்டும ்
எண ்2 = 2
மீண்டும்தொடங்கு = 1
முட ி
முட ி
@( மீண்டும்தொடங்கு == 0 ) ஆனால ்
## அடுத்த எண்ணைத் தேர்ந்தெடுத்துக் கணக்கிடுதலைத் தொடரவேண்டும ்
எண ்2 = எண ்2 + 1
முட ி
முட ி
பின்கொடு கூறுகள ்
முட ி
அ = int( உள்ளீடு ( " உங்களுக்குப் பிடித்த ஓர் எண்ணைத் தாருங்கள் : " ) )
பகாஎண்கூறுகள் = பட்டியல் ( )
பகாஎண்கூறுகள் = பகுத்தெடு(அ )
பதிப்பி " நீங்கள ் தந்த எண்ணின் பகா எண் கூறுகள் இவை : " , பகாஎண்கூறுகள ்
let decompose_prime n =
let rec loop c p =
if c < ( p * p ) then [ c ]
elif c % p = 0I then p :: ( loop ( c / p ) p )
else loop c ( p + 1I )
loop n 2I
printfn " %A " ( decompose_prime 600851475143I )
Output :
[ 71 ; 839 ; 1471 ; 6857 ]
factors from the math .
primes .
factors vocabulary converts a number into a sequence of its prime divisors ; the rest of the code prints this sequence .
USING : io kernel math math .
parser math.primes .factors sequences ;
27720 factors
[ number > string ] map
" " join print ;
: decomp ( n -- )
2
begin 2dup dup * >=
while 2dup / mod swap
if drop 1 + 1 or \ next odd number
else - rot nip dup .
then
repeat
drop . ;
Works with : Fortran version 90 and later
module PrimeDecompose
implicit none
integer , parameter :: huge = selected_int_kind ( 18 )
! => integer ( 8 ) ... more fails on my 32 bit machine with gfortran ( gcc ) 4.3.2
contains
subroutine find_factors ( n , d )
integer ( huge ) , intent ( in ) :: n
integer , dimension ( : ) , intent ( out ) :: d
integer ( huge ) :: div , next , rest
integer :: i
i = 1
div = 2 ; next = 3 ; rest = n
do while ( rest /= 1 )
do while ( mod ( rest , div ) == 0 )
d ( i ) = div
i = i + 1
rest = rest / div
end do
div = next
next = next + 2
end do
end subroutine find_factors
end module PrimeDecompose
program Primes
use PrimeDecompose
implicit none
integer , dimension ( 100 ) :: outprimes
integer i
outprimes = 0
call find_factors ( 12345649494449 _huge , outprimes )
do i = 1 , 100
if ( outprimes ( i ) == 0 ) exit
print * , outprimes ( i )
end do
end program Primes
' FB 1.05.0 Win64
Function is Prime ( n As Integer ) As Boolean
If n Mod 2 = 0 Then Return n = 2
If n Mod 3 = 0 Then Return n = 3
Dim d As Integer = 5
While d * d <= n
If n Mod d = 0 Then Return False
d += 2
If n Mod d = 0 Then Return False
d += 4
Wend
Return True
End Function
Sub get PrimeFactors ( factors ( )
As UInteger , n As UInteger )
If n < 2 Then Return
If is Prime ( n )
Then
Redim factors ( 0 To 0 )
factors ( 0 ) = n
Return
End If
Dim factor As UInteger = 2
Do
If n Mod factor = 0
Then
Redim Preserve factors ( 0 To UBound ( factors ) + 1 )
factors ( UBound ( factors ) ) = factor
n \= factor
If n = 1 Then Return
If is Prime ( n )
Then factor = n
Else
factor += 1
End If
Loop
End Sub
Dim factors ( ) As UInteger
Dim primes ( 1 To 17 ) As UInteger = { 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 17 , 19 , 23 , 29 , 31 , 37 , 41 , 43 , 47 , 53 , 59 }
Dim n As UInteger
For i As UInteger = 1 To 17
Erase factors
n = 1 Shl primes ( i ) - 1
get PrimeFactors factors ( ) , n
Print " 2 ^ " ; Str ( primes ( i ) ) ; Tab ( 5 ) ; " - 1 = " ; Str ( n ) ; Tab ( 30 ) ; " = > " ;
For j As UInteger = LBound ( factors )
To UBound ( factors )
Print factors ( j ) ;
If j < UBound ( factors )
Then Print " x " ;
Next j
Print
Next i
Print
Print " Press any key to quit "
Sleep
Output :
2^2 - 1 = 3 => 3 2^3 - 1 = 7 => 7 2^5 - 1 = 31 => 31 2^7 - 1 = 127 => 127 2^11 - 1 = 2047 => 23 x 89 2^13 - 1 = 8191 => 8191 2^17 - 1 = 131071 => 131071 2^19 - 1 = 524287 => 524287 2^23 - 1 = 8388607 => 47 x 178481 2^29 - 1 = 536870911 => 233 x 1103 x 2089 2^31 - 1 = 2147483647 => 2147483647 2^37 - 1 = 137438953471 => 223 x 616318177 2^41 - 1 = 2199023255551 => 13367 x 164511353 2^43 - 1 = 8796093022207 => 431 x 9719 x 2099863 2^47 - 1 = 140737488355327 => 2351 x 4513 x 13264529 2^53 - 1 = 9007199254740991 => 6361 x 69431 x 20394401 2^59 - 1 = 576460752303423487 => 179951 x 3203431780337
Frink has a built - in factoring function which uses wheel factoring , trial division , Pollard p - 1 factoring , and Pollard rho factoring .
It also recognizes some special forms ( e.g. Mersenne numbers ) and handles them efficiently .
println [ factor [ 2^508-1 ] ]
Output :
[ [ 3 , 1 ] , [ 5 , 1 ] , [ 509 , 1 ] , [ 18797 , 1 ] , [ 26417 , 1 ] , [ 72118729 , 1 ] , [ 140385293 , 1 ] , [ 2792688414613 , 1 ] , [ 8988357880501 , 1 ] , [ 90133566917913517709497 , 1 ] , [ 56713727820156410577229101238628035243 , 1 ] , [ 170141183460469231731687303715884105727 , 1 ] ]
( total process time including JVM startup = 1.515 s ) :
Note that this means 31 * 51 * ...
Built - in function :
FactorsInt ( 2^67-1 ) ;
# [ 193707721 , 761838257287 ]
Or using the FactInt package :
FactInt ( 2^67-1 ) ;
# [ [ 193707721 , 761838257287 ] , [ ] ]
package main
import (
" fmt "
" math / big "
)
var (
ZERO = big .
NewInt ( 0 )
ONE = big .
NewInt ( 1 )
)
func Primes ( n * big. Int ) [ ] * big .
Int {
res := [ ] * big .
Int {}
mod , div := new ( big .
Int ) , new ( big .
Int )
for i := big .
NewInt ( 2 ) ; i . Cmp ( n ) != 1 ; {
div .
DivMod ( n , i , mod )
for mod .
Cmp ( ZERO ) == 0 {
res = append ( res , new ( big .
Int ) .
Set ( i ) )
n . Set ( div )
div .
DivMod ( n , i , mod )
}
i . Add ( i , ONE )
}
return res
}
func main ( ) {
vals := [ ] int64 {
1 << 31 ,
1234567 ,
333333 ,
987653 ,
2 * 3 * 5 * 7 * 11 * 13 * 17 ,
}
for _ , v := range vals {
fmt .
Println ( v , " -> " , Primes ( big .
NewInt ( v ) ) )
}
}
Output :
2147483648 -> [ 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 ] 1234567 -> [ 127 9721 ] 333333 -> [ 3 3 7 11 13 37 ] 987653 -> [ 29 34057 ] 510510 -> [ 2 3 5 7 11 13 17 ]
This solution uses the fact that a given factor must be prime if no smaller factor divides it evenly , so it does not require an " isPrime - like function " , assumed or otherwise .
def factorize = { long target ->
if ( target == 1 ) return [ 1L ]
if ( target < 4 ) return [ 1L , target ]
def targetSqrt = Math .
sqrt ( target )
def lowfactors = ( 2L .. targetSqrt ) .
findAll { ( target % it ) == 0 }
if ( lowfactors == [ ] ) return [ 1L , target ]
def nhalf = lowfactors .
size ( ) - ( ( lowfactors [ - 1 ] ** 2 == target ) ?
1 : 0 )
[ 1 ] + lowfactors + ( 0 .. < nhalf ) . collect { target .
intdiv ( lowfactors [ it ] ) } . reverse ( ) + [ target ]
}
def decomposePrimes = { target ->
def factors = factorize ( target ) - [ 1 ]
def primeFactors = [ ]
factors .
eachWithIndex { f , i ->
if ( i == 0 || factors [ 0 .. < i ] . every { f % it != 0 } ) {
primeFactors << f
def pfPower = f * f
while ( target % pfPower == 0 ) {
primeFactors << f
pfPower *= f
}
}
}
primeFactors
}
Test # 1 :
( ( 1 .. 30 ) + [ 97 * 4 , 1000 , 1024 , 333333 ] ) . each { println ( [ number : it , primes : decomposePrimes ( it ) ] ) }
Output # 1 :
[ number : 1 , primes : [ ] ] [ number : 2 , primes : [ 2 ] ] [ number : 3 , primes : [ 3 ] ] [ number : 4 , primes : [ 2 , 2 ] ] [ number : 5 , primes : [ 5 ] ] [ number : 6 , primes : [ 2 , 3 ] ] [ number : 7 , primes : [ 7 ] ] [ number : 8 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 2 ] ] [ number : 9 , primes : [ 3 , 3 ] ] [ number :10 , primes : [ 2 , 5 ] ] [ number :11 , primes : [ 11 ] ] [ number : 12 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 3 ] ] [ number :13 , primes : [ 13 ] ] [ number : 14 , primes : [ 2 , 7 ] ] [ number :15 , primes : [ 3 , 5 ] ] [ number : 16 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 ] ] [ number : 17 , primes : [ 17 ] ] [ number : 18 , primes : [ 2 , 3 , 3 ] ] [ number :19 , primes : [ 19 ] ] [ number : 20 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 5 ] ] [ number : 21 , primes : [ 3 , 7 ] ] [ number : 22 , primes : [ 2 , 11 ] ] [ number : 23 , primes : [ 23 ] ] [ number : 24 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 ] ] [ number : 25 , primes : [ 5 , 5 ] ] [ number : 26 , primes : [ 2 , 13 ] ] [ number : 27 , primes : [ 3 , 3 , 3 ] ] [ number : 28 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 7 ] ] [ number : 29 , primes : [ 29 ] ] [ number :30 , primes : [ 2 , 3 , 5 ] ] [ number :388 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 97 ] ] [ number :1000 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 5 , 5 , 5 ] ] [ number :1024 , primes : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 ] ] [ number:333333 , primes : [ 3 , 3 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 37 ] ]
Test # 2 :
def is Prime = { factorize ( it ) . size ( ) == 2 }
( 1 .. 60 ) . step ( 2 ) . findAll ( is Prime ) . each { println ( [ number : " 2**$ {it} - 1 " , value : 2 ** it - 1 , primes : decomposePrimes ( 2 ** it - 1 ) ] ) }
Output # 2 :
[ number : 2* * 3 - 1 , value : 7 , primes : [ 7 ] ] [ number : 2* * 5 - 1 , value : 31 , primes : [ 31 ] ] [ number : 2** 7 - 1 , value : 127 , primes : [ 127 ] ] [ number : 2** 11 - 1 , value : 2047 , primes : [ 23 , 89 ] ] [ number : 2** 13 - 1 , value : 8191 , primes : [ 8191 ] ] [ number : 2** 17 - 1 , value : 131071 , primes : [ 131071 ] ] [ number :2** 19 - 1 , value : 524287 , primes : [ 524287 ] ] [ number :2** 23 - 1 , value : 8388607 , primes : [ 47 , 178481 ] ] [ number :2** 29 - 1 , value:536870911 , primes : [ 233 , 1103 , 2089 ] ] [ number :2**31 - 1 , value: 2147483647 , primes :[ 2147483647 ] ] [ number :2**37 - 1 , value : 137438953471 , primes :[ 223 , 616318177 ] ] [ number :2**41 - 1 , value: 2199023255551 , primes :[ 13367 , 164511353 ] ] [ number :2**43 - 1 , value : 8796093022207 , primes :[ 431 , 9719 , 2099863 ] ] [ number :2**47 - 1 , value : 140737488355327 , primes :[ 2351 , 4513 , 13264529 ] ] [ number :2**53 - 1 , value:9007199254740991 , primes : [ 6361 , 69431 , 20394401 ] ] [ number :2**59 - 1 , value: 576460752303423487 , primes : [ 179951 , 3203431780337 ] ]
Perhaps a more sophisticated algorithm is in order .
It took well over 1 hour to calculate the last three decompositions using this solution .
The task description hints at using the is Prime function from the trial division task :
factorize n = [ d | p <- [ 2 .. n ] , is Prime p , d <- divs n p ]
-- [ 2..n ] >>= ( \p -> [ p|isPrime p ] ) >>= divs n
where
divs n p | rem n p == 0 = p : divs ( quot n p )
p
| otherwise = [ ]
but it is not very efficient , to put it mildly .
Inlining and fusing gets us the progressively more optimized
import Data .
Maybe ( listToMaybe )
import Data .
List ( unfoldr )
factorize :: Integer -> [ Integer ]
factorize n
= unfoldr (
-> listToMaybe [ ( x , div n x ) | x <- [ 2 .. n ] , mod n x == 0 ] ) n
= unfoldr ( \ ( d , n ) -> listToMaybe [ ( x , ( x , div n x ) ) | x <- [ d .. n ] , mod n x == 0 ] ) ( 2 , n )
= unfoldr ( \ ( d , n ) -> listToMaybe [ ( x , ( x , div n x ) ) | x <-
takeWhile ( ( <= n ) . ( ^ 2 ) ) [ d .. ] ++ [ n | n > 1 ] , mod n x == 0 ] ) ( 2 , n )
= unfoldr ( \ ( ds , n ) -> listToMaybe [ ( x , ( dropWhile ( < x ) ds , div n x ) ) | n > 1 , x <-
takeWhile ( ( <= n ) . ( ^ 2 ) ) ds ++ [ n | n > 1 ] , mod n x == 0 ] ) ( primesList , n )
The library function listToMaybe gets at most one element from its list argument .
The last variant can be written as the optimal
factorize n = divs n primesList
where
divs n ds @ ( d:t ) | d * d > n = [ n | n > 1 ]
| r == 0 = d : divs q ds
| otherwise = divs n t
where ( q , r ) = quotRem n d
See Sieve of Eratosthenes or Primality by trial division for a source of primes to use with this function .
Actually as some other entries notice , with any ascending order list containing all primes ( e.g. 2:[ 3,5.. ] ) used in place of primesList , the factors found by this function are guaranteed to be prime , so no separate testing for primality is strictly needed ; however using just primes is more efficient , if we already have them .
Output :
λ> mapM_ ( print . factorize ) $ take 11 [ 123123451 .. ]
[ 11,41,273001 ] [ 2,2,17,53,127,269 ] [ 3,229,277,647 ] [ 2,61561727 ] [ 5,7,13,270601 ] [ 2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,3,3,3,47,379 ] [ 37,109,30529 ] [ 2,19,97,33403 ] [ 3,3167,12959 ] [ 2,2,5,6156173 ] [ 123123461 ]
procedure main ( )
factors := primedecomp ( 2 ^ 43 - 1 ) # a big int
end
procedure primedecomp ( n ) # : return a list of factors
local F , o , x
F := [ ]
every writes ( o , n | ( x := genfactors ( n ) ) ) do {
\ o := " * "
/ o := " = "
put ( F , x ) # build a list of factors to satisfy the task
}
write ( )
return F
end
link factors
Sample Output showing factors of a large integer :
8796093022207=431*9719*2099863
q :
Example use :
q : 3684
2 2 3 307
and , more elaborately :
_1 + 2 ^ 128x
340282366920938463463374607431768211455
q : _1 + 2 ^ 128x
3 5 17 257 641 65537 274177 6700417 67280421310721
*/ q : _1 + 2 ^ 128x
340282366920938463463374607431768211455
Works with : Java version 1.5 +
This is a version for arbitrary - precision integers which assumes the existence of a function with the signature :
public boolean prime ( BigInteger i ) ;
You will need to import java.util .
List , java.util .
LinkedList , and java . math .
BigInteger .
public static List < BigInteger > primeFactorBig ( BigInteger a ) {
List < BigInteger > ans = new LinkedList < BigInteger > ( ) ;
// loop until we test the number itself or the number is 1
for ( BigInteger i = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 2 ) ; i. compareTo ( a ) <= 0 && ! a. equals ( BigInteger .
ONE ) ;
i = i. add ( BigInteger .
ONE ) ) {
while ( a. remainder ( i ) .
equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) && prime ( i ) ) { // if we have a prime factor
ans. add ( i ) ; // put it in the list
a = a. divide ( i ) ; // factor it out of the number
}
}
return ans ;
}
Alternate version , optimised to be faster .
private static final BigInteger two = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 2 ) ;
public List < BigInteger > primeDecomp ( BigInteger a ) {
// impossible for values lower than 2
if ( a. compareTo ( two ) < 0 ) {
return null ;
}
// quickly handle even values
List < BigInteger > result = new ArrayList < BigInteger > ( ) ;
while ( a. and ( BigInteger .
ONE ) .
equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
a = a. shiftRight ( 1 ) ;
result .
add ( two ) ;
}
// left with odd values
if ( ! a. equals ( BigInteger . ONE ) ) {
BigInteger b = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 3 ) ;
while ( b. compareTo ( a ) < 0 ) {
if ( b. isProbablePrime ( 10 ) ) {
BigInteger [ ] dr = a . divideAndRemainder ( b ) ;
if ( dr [ 1 ] .
equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
result .
add ( b ) ;
a = dr [ 0 ] ;
}
}
b = b. add ( two ) ;
}
result .
add ( b ) ; //b will always be prime here ...
}
return result ;
}
Another alternate version designed to make fewer modular calculations :
private static final BigInteger TWO = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 2 ) ;
private static final BigInteger THREE = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 3 ) ;
private static final BigInteger FIVE = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 5 ) ;
public static ArrayList < BigInteger > primeDecomp ( BigInteger n ) {
if ( n. compareTo ( TWO ) < 0 ) return null ;
ArrayList < BigInteger > factors = new ArrayList < BigInteger > ( ) ;
// handle even values
while ( n. and ( BigInteger .
ONE ) .
equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
n = n. shiftRight ( 1 ) ;
factors . add ( TWO ) ;
}
// handle values divisible by three
while ( n. mod ( THREE ) .
equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
factors .
add ( THREE ) ;
n = n. divide ( THREE ) ;
}
// handle values divisible by five
while ( n. mod ( FIVE ) .
equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
factors . add ( FIVE ) ;
n = n. divide ( FIVE ) ;
}
// much like how we can skip multiples of two , we can also skip
// multiples of three and multiples of five .
This increment array
// helps us to accomplish that
int [ ] pattern = { 4 , 2 , 4 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 2 , 6 } ;
int pattern_index = 0 ;
BigInteger current_test = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 7 ) ;
while ( ! n. equals ( BigInteger .
ONE ) ) {
while ( n. mod ( current_test ) . equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
factors . add ( current_test ) ;
n = n. divide ( current_test ) ;
}
current_test = current_test . add ( BigInteger .
valueOf ( pattern [ pattern_index ] ) ) ;
pattern_index = ( pattern_index + 1 ) & 7 ;
}
return factors ;
}
Translation of : C #
Simple but very inefficient method , because it will test divisibility of all numbers from 2 to max prime factor .
When decomposing a large prime number this will take O ( n ) trial divisions instead of more common O ( log n ) .
public static List < BigInteger > primeFactorBig ( BigInteger a ) {
List < BigInteger > ans = new LinkedList < BigInteger > ( ) ;
for ( BigInteger divisor = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 2 ) ;
a. compareTo ( ONE ) >
0 ; divisor = divisor .
add ( ONE ) )
while ( a. mod ( divisor ) .
equals ( ZERO ) ) {
ans. add ( divisor ) ;
a = a. divide ( divisor ) ;
}
return ans ;
}
This code uses the BigInteger Library jsbn and jsbn2
function run_factorize ( input , output ) {
var n = new BigInteger ( input .
value , 10 ) ;
var TWO = new BigInteger ( " 2 " , 10 ) ;
var divisor = new BigInteger ( " 3 " , 10 ) ;
var prod = false ;
if ( n. compareTo ( TWO ) < 0 )
return ;
output . value = " " ;
while ( true ) {
var qr = n. divideAndRemainder ( TWO ) ;
if ( qr [ 1 ] . equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
if ( prod )
output . value += " * " ;
else
prod = true ;
output . value += " 2 " ;
n = qr [ 0 ] ;
}
else
break ;
}
while ( ! n. equals ( BigInteger .
ONE ) ) {
var qr = n. divideAndRemainder ( divisor ) ;
if ( qr [ 1 ] . equals ( BigInteger .
ZERO ) ) {
if ( prod )
output . value += " * " ;
else
prod = true ;
output .
value += divisor ;
n = qr [ 0 ] ;
}
else
divisor = divisor .
add ( TWO ) ;
}
}
Without any library .
function run_factorize ( n ) {
if ( n <= 3 )
return [ n ] ;
var ans = [ ] ;
var done = false ;
while ( ! done ) {
if ( n % 2 === 0 ) {
ans. push ( 2 ) ;
n /= 2 ;
continue ;
}
if ( n % 3 === 0 ) {
ans. push ( 3 ) ;
n /= 3 ;
continue ;
}
if ( n === 1 )
return ans ;
var sr = Math .
sqrt ( n ) ;
done = true ;
// try to divide the checked number by all numbers till its square root .
for ( var i = 6 ; i <= ( sr + 6 ) ; i += 6 ) {
if ( n % ( i - 1 ) === 0 ) { // is n divisible by i-1 ?
ans. push ( ( i - 1 ) ) ;
n /= ( i - 1 ) ;
done = false ;
break ;
}
if ( n % ( i + 1 ) === 0 ) { // is n divisible by i+1 ?
ans. push ( ( i + 1 ) ) ;
n /= ( i + 1 ) ;
done = false ;
break ;
}
}
}
ans. push ( n ) ;
return ans ;
}
TDD using Jasmine
PrimeFactors.js
function factors ( n ) {
if ( ! n || n < 2 )
return [ ] ;
var f = [ ] ;
for ( var i = 2 ; i <= n ; i ++ ) {
while ( n % i === 0 ) {
f. push ( i ) ;
n /= i ;
}
}
return f ;
} ;
SpecPrimeFactors.js ( with tag for Chutzpah )
/// < reference path= " PrimeFactors.js " />
describe ( " Prime Factors " , function ( ) {
it ( " Given nothing , empty is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( ) ) . toEqual ( [ ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 1 , empty is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 1 ) ) . toEqual ( [ ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 2 , 2 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 2 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 2 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 3 , 3 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 3 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 3 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 4 , 2 and 2 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 4 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 2 , 2 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 5 , 5 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 5 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 5 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 6 , 2 and 3 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 6 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 2 , 3 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 7 , 7 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 7 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 7 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given 8 ; 2 , 2 , and 2 is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 8 ) ) . toEqual ( [ 2 , 2 , 2 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given a large number , many primes factors are returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 2 * 2 * 2 * 3 * 3 * 7 * 11 * 17 ) )
. toEqual ( [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 7 , 11 , 17 ] ) ;
} ) ;
it ( " Given a large prime number , that number is returned " , function ( ) {
expect ( factors ( 997 ) ) .
toEqual ( [ 997 ] ) ;
} ) ;
} ) ;
Works with : jq version 1.4
" factors " as defined below emits a stream of all the prime factors of the input integer .
The implementation is compact , fast and highly space - efficient : no space is required to store the primes or factors already computed , there is no reliance on an " is_prime " function , and square roots are only computed if needed .
The economy comes about through the use of the builtin filter recurse / 1 , and the use of the state vector : [ p , n , valid , sqrt ] , where p is the candidate factor , n is the number still to be factored , valid is a flag , and sqrt is either null or the square root of n .
The caveat is that the program uses jq's builtin arithmetic operations .
Since jq currently uses IEEE 754 64 - bit numbers , the following program will only be reliable for integers up to and including 9,007,199,254,740,992 ( 2^53 ) .
However , " factors " could be easily modified to work with a " BigInt " library for jq , such as BigInt.jq .
def factors :
. as $ in
| [ 2 , $ in , false ]
| recurse ( .[ 0 ] as $ p |.[ 1 ] as $q | . [ 2 ] as $ valid | . [ 3 ] as $s
| if $q == 1 then empty
elif $q % $ p == 0 then [ $p , $ q / $ p , true ]
elif $ p == 2 then [ 3 , $q , false , $s ]
else
( $s // ( $q | sqrt ) ) as $s
| if $ p + 2 <= $s then [ $p + 2 , $q , false , $s ]
else [ $q , 1 , true ]
end
end )
| if .[ 2 ] then .[ 0 ] else empty end ;
Examples :
[ 9007199254740992 | factors ] | length
#=> 53
# 2**29-1 = 536870911
[ 536870911 | factors ]
#= > [ 233,1103,2089 ]
using package Primes.jl :
julia > Pkg.add ( " Primes " )
julia > factor ( 8796093022207 )
[ 9719 = > 1,431=>1,2099863=>1 ]
( The factor function returns a dictionary whose keys are the factors and whose values are the multiplicity of each factor . )
// version 1.0.6
import java .
math .
BigInteger
val bigTwo = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 2L )
val bigThree = BigInteger .
valueOf ( 3L )
fun get PrimeFactors ( n : BigInteger ) : MutableList < BigInteger > {
val factors = mutableListOf < BigInteger > ( )
if ( n < bigTwo ) return factors
if ( n. isProbablePrime ( 20 ) ) {
factors .
add ( n )
return factors
}
var factor = bigTwo
var nn = n
while ( true ) {
if ( nn % factor == BigInteger .
ZERO ) {
factors .
add ( factor )
nn / = factor
if ( nn == BigInteger .
ONE ) return factors
if ( nn. isProbable Prime ( 20 ) ) factor = nn
}
else if ( factor >= bigThree ) factor + = bigTwo
else factor = bigThree
}
}
fun main ( args : Array < String > ) {
val primes = intArrayOf ( 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 17 , 19 , 23 , 29 , 31 , 37 , 41 , 43 , 47 , 53 , 59 , 61 , 67 , 71 , 73 , 79 , 83 , 89 , 97 )
for ( prime in primes ) {
val bigPow2 = bigTwo .
pow ( prime ) - BigInteger .
ONE
println ( " 2 ^ $ { " % 2d " .format ( prime ) } - 1 = $ {bigPow2.toString ( ) .padEnd(30 ) } => $ {getPrimeFactors ( bigPow2 ) } " )
}
}
Output :
2^ 2 - 1 = 3 = > [ 3 ]
2 ^ 3 - 1 = 7 = > [ 7 ]
2 ^ 5 - 1 = 31 = > [ 31 ]
2 ^ 7 - 1 = 127 => [ 127 ]
2^11 - 1 = 2047 => [ 23 , 89 ] 2^13 - 1 = 8191 => [ 8191 ]
2^17 - 1 = 131071 => [ 131071 ]
2^19 - 1 = 524287 => [ 524287 ] 2^23 - 1 = 8388607 => [ 47 , 178481 ] 2^29 - 1 = 536870911 => [ 233 , 1103 , 2089 ] 2^31 - 1 = 2147483647 => [ 2147483647 ]
2^37 - 1 = 137438953471 => [ 223 , 616318177 ]
2^41 - 1 = 2199023255551 => [ 13367 , 164511353 ]
2^43 - 1 = 8796093022207 => [ 431 , 9719 , 2099863 ]
2^47 - 1 = 140737488355327 => [ 2351 , 4513 , 13264529 ] 2^53 - 1 = 9007199254740991 => [ 6361 , 69431 , 20394401 ] 2^59 - 1 = 576460752303423487 => [ 179951 , 3203431780337 ]
2^61 - 1 = 2305843009213693951 => [ 2305843009213693951 ]
2^67 - 1 = 147573952589676412927 => [ 193707721 , 761838257287 ]
2^71 - 1 = 2361183241434822606847 => [ 228479 , 48544121 , 212885833 ] 2^73 - 1 = 9444732965739290427391 => [ 439 , 2298041 , 9361973132609 ] 2^79 - 1 = 604462909807314587353087 => [ 2687 , 202029703 , 1113491139767 ]
2^83 - 1 = 9671406556917033397649407 => [ 167 , 57912614113275649087721 ]
2^89 - 1 = 618970019642690137449562111 => [ 618970019642690137449562111 ]
2^97 - 1 = 158456325028528675187087900671 => [ 11447 , 13842607235828485645766393 ]
{ def prime_fact .
smallest
{ def prime_fact.smallest.r
{ lambda { :q :r :i }
{ if { and { > :r 0 } { < :i :q } }
then { prime_fact.smallest.r :q { % :q { + :i 1 } } { + :i 1 } }
else :i } } }
{ lambda { :q } { prime_fact.smallest.r :q { % :q 2 } 2 } } }
{ def prime_fact
{ def prime_fact .r
{ lambda { :q : d }
{ if { > :q 1 }
then { let { { :q :q } { : d : d }
{ :i { prime_fact .smallest :q } } }
{ prime_fact .r { floor { / :q :i } } { #.push ! : d :i } } }
else { if { = { #. length : d } 1 } then { b : d } else : d } } } }
{ lambda { :n } :n : { prime_fact .r :n { #.new } } } }
{ prime_fact { * 2 3 3 3 31 47 173 } }
-> 13611294 : [ 2 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 31 , 47 , 173 ]
{ map prime_fact { serie 2 101 } }
-> 2 : [ 2 ] 3 : [ 3 ] 4 : [ 2 , 2 ] 5 : [ 5 ] 6 : [ 2 , 3 ] 7 : [ 7 ] 8 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 ] 9 : [ 3 , 3 ] 10 : [ 2 , 5 ] 11 : [ 11 ] 12 : [ 2 , 2 , 3 ] 13 : [ 13 ] 14 : [ 2 , 7 ] 15 : [ 3 , 5 ]
16 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 ] 17 : [ 17 ] 18 : [ 2 , 3 , 3 ] 19 : [ 19 ] 20 : [ 2 , 2 , 5 ] 21 : [ 3 , 7 ] 22 : [ 2 , 11 ] 23 : [ 23 ] 24 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 ] 25 : [ 5 , 5 ] 26 : [ 2 , 13 ] 27 : [ 3 , 3 , 3 ]
28 : [ 2 , 2 , 7 ] 29 : [ 29 ] 30 : [ 2 , 3 , 5 ] 31 : [ 31 ] 32 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 ] 33 : [ 3 , 11 ] 34 : [ 2 , 17 ] 35 : [ 5 , 7 ] 36 : [ 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 ] 37 : [ 37 ] 38 : [ 2 , 19 ] 39 : [ 3 , 13 ]
40 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 5 ] 41 : [ 41 ] 42 : [ 2 , 3 , 7 ] 43 : [ 43 ] 44 : [ 2 , 2 , 11 ] 45 : [ 3 , 3 , 5 ] 46 : [ 2 , 23 ] 47 : [ 47 ] 48 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 ] 49 : [ 7 , 7 ] 50 : [ 2 , 5 , 5 ] 51 : [ 3 , 17 ]
52 : [ 2 , 2 , 13 ] 53 : [ 53 ] 54 : [ 2 , 3 , 3 , 3 ] 55 : [ 5 , 11 ] 56 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 7 ] 57 : [ 3 , 19 ] 58 : [ 2 , 29 ] 59 : [ 59 ] 60 : [ 2 , 2 , 3 , 5 ] 61 : [ 61 ] 62 : [ 2 , 31 ] 63 : [ 3 , 3 , 7 ]
64 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 ] 65 : [ 5 , 13 ] 66 : [ 2 , 3 , 11 ] 67 : [ 67 ] 68 : [ 2 , 2 , 17 ] 69 : [ 3 , 23 ] 70 : [ 2 , 5 , 7 ] 71 : [ 71 ] 72 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 ] 73 : [ 73 ] 74 : [ 2 , 37 ]
75 : [ 3 , 5 , 5 ] 76 : [ 2 , 2 , 19 ] 77 : [ 7 , 11 ] 78 : [ 2 , 3 , 13 ] 79 : [ 79 ] 80 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 5 ] 81 : [ 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 ] 82 : [ 2 , 41 ] 83 : [ 83 ] 84 : [ 2 , 2 , 3 , 7 ] 85 : [ 5 , 17 ]
86 : [ 2 , 43 ] 87 : [ 3 , 29 ] 88 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 11 ] 89 : [ 89 ] 90 : [ 2 , 3 , 3 , 5 ] 91 : [ 7 , 13 ] 92 : [ 2 , 2 , 23 ] 93 : [ 3 , 31 ] 94 : [ 2 , 47 ] 95 : [ 5 , 19 ] 96 : [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 ]
97 : [ 97 ] 98 : [ 2 , 7 , 7 ] 99 : [ 3 , 3 , 11 ] 100 : [ 2 , 2 , 5 , 5 ] 101 : [ 101 ]
( defun factors ( n )
( factors n 2 ' ( ) ) )
( defun factors
( ( 1 _ acc )
acc )
( ( n k acc ) ( when ( == 0 ( rem n k ) ) )
( factors ( div n k ) k ( cons k acc ) ) )
( ( n k acc )
( factors n ( + k 1 ) acc ) ) )
-- Returns list of prime factors for given number .
--
To overcome the limits of integers ( signed 32 - bit in Lingo ) ,
-- the number can be specified as float ( which works up to 2^53 ) .
--
For the same reason , values in returned list are floats , not integers .
on get PrimeFactors ( n )
f = [ ]
f.sort ( )
c = sqrt(n )
i = 1.0
repeat while TRUE
i=i+1
if i>c then exit repeat
check = n/i
if bitOr( check,0 ) =check then
f.add(i )
n = check
c = sqrt(n )
i = 1.0
end if
end repeat
f.add(n )
return f
end
put getPrimeFactors ( 12 )
-- [ 2.0000 , 2.0000 , 3.0000 ]
-- print floats without fractional digits
the float Precision=0
put getPrimeFactors ( 12 )
-- [ 2 , 2 , 3 ]
put getPrimeFactors ( 1125899906842623.0 )
-- [ 3 , 251 , 601 , 4051 , 614141 ]
to decompose :n [ :p 2 ]
if :p*:p > :n [ output ( list : n ) ]
if less ?
0 modulo :n :p [ output ( decompose :n bitor 1 : p+1 ) ]
output fput :p ( decompose :n/:p :p )
end
The code of the used auxiliary function " IsPrime ( n ) " is located at Primality by trial division #
Lua
function PrimeDecomposition ( n )
local f = { }
if IsPrime ( n ) then
f [ 1 ] = n
return f
end
local i = 2
repeat
while n % i == 0 do
f [ # f + 1 ] = i
n = n / i
end
repeat
i = i + 1
until IsPrime ( i )
until n == 1
return f
end
Module Prime_decomposition {
Inventory [ email protected ] , [ email protected ]
IsPrime=lambda Known1 ( x as decimal ) -> {
=0=1
if exist ( Known1 , x ) then =1=1 : exit
if x < =5 OR frac(x ) then {if x == 2 OR x == 3 OR x == 5 then Append Known1 , x : =1=1
Break}
if frac ( x / 2 ) else exit
if frac ( x /3 ) else exit
x1=sqrt ( x ) :d = [ email protected ]
{ if frac ( x/d ) else exit
d += 2 : if d>x1 then Append Known1 , x : = 1=1 : exit
if frac ( x /d ) else exit
d += 4 : if d<= x1 else Append Known1 , x : =1=1 : exit
loop}
}
decompose=lambda Is Prime ( n as decimal ) -> {
Inventory queue Factors
{
[ email protected ]
While frac ( n / k) =0 {
n/=k
Append Factors , k
}
if n=1 then exit
k++
While frac ( n / k) =0 {
n/=k
Append Factors , k
}
if n=1 then exit
{
k+=2
while not isprime(k ) {k+=2}
While frac ( n / k) =0 {
n/=k
Append Factors , k
}
if n=1 then exit
loop
}
}
= Factors
}
Data 10 , 100 , 12 , 144 , 496 , 1212454
while not empty {
Print Decompose( Number )
}
}
Prime_decomposition
Maple has two commands for integer factorization : ifactor , which returns results in a form resembling textbook presentation and ifactors , which returns a list of two - element lists of prime factors and their multiplicities :
> ifactor ( 1337 ) ;
(7 ) ( 191 )
> ifactors ( 1337 ) ;
[ 1 , [ [ 7 , 1 ] , [ 191 , 1 ] ] ]
Bare built - in function does :
FactorInteger [ 2016 ] => { {2 , 5} , {3 , 2} , { 7 , 1}}
Read as : 2 to the power 5 times 3 squared times 7 ( to the power 1 ) .
To show them nicely we could use the following functions :
Example for small prime :
ShowPrimeDecomposition [ 1337 ]
gives :
1337 = 7 191
Examples for large primes :
Table [ AbsoluteTiming [ ShowPrimeDecomposition [ 2^a - 1 ] ]// Print [ # [ [ 1 ] ] , " sec " ] & , {a,50,150,10} ] ;
gives back :
1125899906842623 = 3 11 31 251 601 1801 4051
0.000231 sec
1152921504606846975 = 3^2 5^2 7 11 13 31 41 61 151 331 1321
0.000146 sec
1180591620717411303423 = 3 11 31 43 71 127 281 86171 122921
0.001008 sec
1208925819614629174706175 = 3 5^2 11 17 31 41 257 61681 4278255361
0.000340 sec
1237940039285380274899124223 = 3^3 7 11 19 31 73 151 331 631 23311 18837001
0.000192 sec
1267650600228229401496703205375 = 3 5^3 11 31 41 101 251 601 1801 4051 8101 268501
0.000156 sec
1298074214633706907132624082305023 = 3 11^2 23 31 89 683 881 2971 3191 201961 48912491
0.001389 sec
1329227995784915872903807060280344575 = 3^2 5^2 7 11 13 17 31 41 61 151 241 331 1321 61681 4562284561
0.000374 sec
1361129467683753853853498429727072845823 = 3 11 31 131 2731 8191 409891 7623851 145295143558111
0.024249 sec
1393796574908163946345982392040522594123775 = 3 5^2 11 29 31 41 43 71 113 127 281 86171 122921 7416361 47392381
0.009419 sec
1427247692705959881058285969449495136382746623 = 3^2 7 11 31 151 251 331 601 1801 4051 100801 10567201 1133836730401
0.007705 sec
function [ outputPrimeDecomposition ] = primedecomposition ( inputValue )
outputPrimeDecomposition = factor ( inputValue ) ;
Using the built - in function :
( %i1 ) display2d : false $ /* disable rendering exponents as superscripts */
( %i2 ) factor ( 2016 ) ;
( %o2 ) 2^5*3^2*7
Using the underlying language :
prime_dec(n ) := flatten ( create_list ( makelist ( first ( a ) , second ( a ) ) , a , ifactors ( n ) ) ) $
/* or , slighlty more " functional " */
prime_dec(n ) := flatten ( map ( lambda ( [ a ] , apply ( makelist , a ) ) , ifactors ( n ) ) ) $
prime_dec( 2^4*3^5*5*7^2 ) ;
/* [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 7 ] */
ERATO1 ( HI )
SET HI=HI\1
KILL ERATO1 ; Do n't make it new - we want it to remain after the quit
NEW I , J , P
FOR I=2:1:( HI **.5 ) \1 DO
. FOR J=I *I : I:HI DO
..SET P( J ) =1 ;$ SELECT( $ DATA ( P( J ) ) # 10 : P( J ) +1,1:1 )
; WRITE ! , " Prime numbers between 2 and " , HI , " : "
FOR I=2:1:HI DO
. S:'$ DATA ( P( I ) ) ERATO1 ( I ) =I ; WRITE $ SELECT ( ( I < 3 ) : " " , 1 : " , " ) ,
I
KILL I , J , P
QUIT
PRIMDECO(N )
; Returns its results in the string PRIMDECO
; Kill that before the first call to this recursive function
QUIT:N<=1
IF $ D( PRIMDECO ) =1 SET PRIMDECO= " " D ERATO1(N )
SET N=N\1,I=0
FOR SET I=$ O ( ERATO1 ( I ) ) Q:+I < 1 Q :'( N#I )
IF I>1 SET PRIMDECO=$ S($L( PRIMDECO ) > 0 : PRIMDECO_ " ^" , 1 : " " ) _I D PRIMDECO ( N/I )
; that is , if I is a factor of N , add it to the string
QUIT
Usage :
USER>K ERATO1 , PRIMDECO D PRIMDECO^ROSETTA ( 31415 ) W PRIMDECO 5^61^103 USER >K ERATO , PRIMDECO D PRIMDECO^ROSETTA ( 31318 ) W PRIMDECO 2^7^2237 USER>K ERATO , PRIMDECO D PRIMDECO^ROSETTA(
34 ) W PRIMDECO 2^17 USER>K ERATO , PRIMDECO D PRIMDECO^ROSETTA(
68 ) W PRIMDECO 2^2^17 USER>K ERATO , PRIMDECO D PRIMDECO^ROSETTA(7 ) W PRIMDECO 7 USER>K ERATO , PRIMDECO D PRIMDECO^ROSETTA ( 777 ) W PRIMDECO 3^7^37
Based on python solution :
import strutils , math , sequtils , times
proc getStep(n : int64 ) : int64 {.inline.} =
result = 1 + n* 4 - int64(n /% 2 )*2
proc primeFac(n : int64 ) : seq[ int64 ] =
var res : seq[ int64 ] = @ [ ]
var maxq = int64 ( floor ( sqrt( float ( n ) ) ) )
var d = 1
var q : int64 = ( n %% 2 ) and 2 or 3 # either 2 or 3 , alternating
while ( q <= maxq ) and ( ( n % % q ) != 0 ) :
q = getStep(d )
d += 1
if q <= maxq :
var q1 : seq[ int64 ] = primeFac(n /% q )
var q2 : seq[ int64 ] = primeFac(q )
res = concat ( q2 , q1 , res )
else :
res.add(n )
result = res
var is_prime : seq [ Bool ] = @ [ ]
is_prime.add ( False )
is_prime.add ( False )
iterator primes ( limit : int ) : int =
for n in high ( is_prime ) .. limit+2 : is_prime.add ( True )
for n in 2 .. limit + 1 :
if is_prime [n ] :
yield n
for i in countup ( ( n *% n ) , limit+1 , n ) : # start at ``n`` squared
try :
is_prime [i ] = False
except EInvalidIndex : break
# Example : calculate factors of Mersenne numbers to M59 #
for m in primes ( 59 ) :
var p = int64 ( pow ( 2.0 , float ( m ) ) - 1 )
write ( stdout , " 2**$ 1 - 1 = $ 2 , with factors : " % [ $m , $ p ] )
var start = cpuTime ( )
var f = primeFac(p )
for factor in f :
write ( stdout , factor )
write ( stdout , " , " )
FlushFile ( stdout )
writeln ( stdout , " => $ #ms " % $ int ( 1000 *( cpuTime ( ) - start ) ) )
Output :
compiled with options - x:off - opt: speed
2**2 - 1 = 3 , with factors : 3 , => 0 ms 2**3 - 1 = 7 , with factors : 7 , => 0 ms 2**5 - 1 = 31 , with factors : 31 , => 0 ms 2**7 - 1 = 127 , with factors : 127 , => 0 ms 2**11 -1 = 2047 , with factors : 23 , 89 , => 0 ms 2**13-1 = 8191 , with factors : 8191 , => 0 ms 2**17-1 = 131071 , with factors : 131071 , => 0 ms 2**19 -1 = 524287 , with factors : 524287 , => 0 ms 2**23-1 = 8388607 , with factors : 47 , 178481 , => 0 ms 2**29-1 = 536870911 , with factors : 233 , 1103 , 2089 , => 0 ms 2**31-1 = 2147483647 , with factors : 2147483647 , => 0 ms 2**37-1 = 137438953471 , with factors : 223 , 616318177 , => 0 ms
2**41-1 = 2199023255551 , with factors : 13367 , 164511353 , => 0 ms 2**43-1 = 8796093022207 , with factors : 431 , 9719 , 2099863 , => 0 ms 2**47-1 = 140737488355327 , with factors : 2351 , 4513 , 13264529 , => 0 ms 2**53-1 = 9007199254740991 , with factors : 6361 , 69431 , 20394401 , => 0 ms
2**59-1 = 576460752303423487 , with factors : 179951 , 3203431780337 , => 40ms
open Big_int ;;
let prime_decomposition x =
let rec inner c p =
if lt_big_int p ( square_big_int c ) then
[ p ]
else if eq_big_int ( mod_big_int p c ) zero_big_int then
c :: inner c ( div_big_int p c )
else
inner ( succ_big_int c )
p
in
inner ( succ_big_int ( succ_big_int zero_big_int ) ) x ;;
r = factor ( 120202039393 )
Oforth handles aribitrary precision integers .
: factors (n ) // ( a Integer -- a List )
| k p |
ListBuffer new
2 ->k
n nsqrt ->
p
while ( k p <= ) [
n k /mod swap ifZero : [
dup ->n nsqrt ->
p
k over add continue
]
drop k 1 + ->
k
]
n 1 > ifTrue : [ n over add ]
dup freeze ;
Output :
> 2 128 pow 1 - dup println factors println 340282366920938463463374607431768211455 [ 3 , 5 , 17 , 257 , 641 , 65537 , 274177 , 6700417 , 67280421310721 ] ok
GP normally returns factored integers as a matrix with the first column representing the primes and the second their exponents .
Thus factor ( 12 ) == [ 2,2;3,1 ] is true .
But it 's simple enough to convert this to a vector with repetition :
pd ( n ) = {
my ( f = factor ( n ) , v = f [ , 1 ] ~ ) ;
for ( i = 1 , #v ,
while ( f [ i , 2 ] --,
v = concat ( v , f [ i , 1 ] )
)
) ;
vecsort ( v )
} ;
Program PrimeDecomposition ( output ) ;
type
DynArray = array of integer ;
procedure findFactors ( n : Int64 ; var d : DynArray ) ;
var
divisor , next , rest : Int64 ;
i : integer ;
begin
i : = 0 ;
divisor : = 2 ;
next : = 3 ;
rest : = n ;
while ( rest <> 1 ) do
begin
while ( rest mod divisor = 0 ) do
begin
setlength ( d , i + 1 ) ;
d [ i ] : = divisor ;
inc ( i ) ;
rest : = rest div divisor ;
end ;
divisor : = next ;
next : = next + 2 ;
end ;
end ;
var
factors : DynArray ;
j : integer ;
begin
setlength ( factors , 1 ) ;
findFactors ( 1023 * 1024 , factors ) ;
for j : = low ( factors ) to high ( factors ) do
writeln ( factors [ j ] ) ;
end .
Output :
% ./PrimeDecomposition 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 3 11 31
Optimization :
Program PrimeDecomposition ( output ) ;
type
DynArray = array of integer ;
procedure findFactors ( n : Int64 ; var d : DynArray ) ;
var
divisor , next , rest : Int64 ;
i : integer ;
begin
i : = 0 ;
divisor : = 2 ;
next : = 3 ;
rest : = n ;
while ( rest <> 1 ) do
begin
while ( rest mod divisor = 0 ) do
begin
setlength ( d , i + 1 ) ;
d [ i ] : = divisor ;
inc ( i ) ;
rest : = rest div divisor ;
end ;
divisor : = next ;
next : = next + 2 ; // try only odd numbers
// cut condition : avoid many useless iterations
if ( rest < divisor * divisor ) then
begin
setlength ( d , i + 1 ) ;
d [ i ] : = rest ;
rest : = 1 ;
end ;
end ;
end ;
var
factors : DynArray ;
j : integer ;
begin
setlength ( factors , 1 ) ;
findFactors ( 1023 * 1024 , factors ) ;
for j : = low ( factors ) to high ( factors ) do
writeln ( factors [ j ] ) ;
readln ;
end .
These will work for large integers by adding the use bigint ; clause .
Trivial trial division ( very slow ) [ edit ]
sub prime_factors {
my ( $n , $d , @out ) = ( shift , 1 ) ;
while ( $ n > 1 && $d ++ ) {
$n /= $d , push @out , $d until $n % $d ;
}
@out
}
print " @{[prime_factors ( 1001 ) ] }
" ;
Better trial division [ edit ]
This is much faster than the trivial version above .
sub prime_factors {
my ( $n , $ p , @out ) = ( shift , 3 ) ;
return if $ n < 1 ;
while ( ! ( $ n & 1 ) ) { $ n >>= 1 ; push @out , 2 ; }
while ( $n > 1 && $ p * $ p <= $ n ) {
while ( ( $n % $ p ) == 0 ) {
$n /= $ p ;
push @out , $ p ;
}
$ p += 2 ;
}
push @out , $n if $ n > 1 ;
@out ;
}
Modules [ edit ]
As usual , there are CPAN modules for this that will be much faster .
These both take about 1 second to factor all Mersenne numbers from M_1 to M_150 .
use ntheory qw / factor forprimes / ;
use bigint ;
forprimes {
my $p = 2 ** $ _ - 1 ;
print " 2**$ _ - 1 : " , join ( " " , factor ( $ p ) ) , "
" ;
} 100 , 150 ;
Output :
2^101-1 : 7432339208719 341117531003194129 2^103-1 : 2550183799 3976656429941438590393 2^107-1 : 162259276829213363391578010288127 2^109-1 : 745988807 870035986098720987332873 2^113-1 : 3391 23279 65993 1868569 1066818132868207 2^127-1 : 170141183460469231731687303715884105727 2^131-1 : 263 10350794431055162386718619237468234569 2^137-1 : 32032215596496435569 5439042183600204290159 2^139-1 : 5625767248687 123876132205208335762278423601 2^149-1 : 86656268566282183151 8235109336690846723986161
use Math :: Pari qw / : int factorint isprime / ;
# Convert Math :: Pari's format into simple vector
sub factor {
my ( $ pn , $ pc ) = @ { Math :: Pari :: factorint ( shift ) } ;
map { ( $ pn -> [ $ _ ] ) x $ pc -> [ $ _ ] } 0 .. $ # $ pn ;
}
for ( 100 .. 150 ) {
next unless isprime ( $ _ ) ;
my $p = 2 ** $ _ - 1 ;
print " 2 ^$ _ - 1 : " , join ( " " , factor ( $ p ) ) , "
" ;
}
With the same output .
For small numbers less than 2 53 on 32 bit and 2 64 on 64bit just use prime_factors ( ) .
include mpfr.e
atom t0 = time ( )
mpz z = mpz_init ( )
for i=1 to 17 do
integer pi = get_prime ( i )
mpz_ui_pow_ui( z,2, pi )
mpz_sub_ui( z , z,1 )
string zs = mpz_get_str(z ) ,
fs = mpz_factorstring(mpz_prime_factors ( z,20000 ) )
if fs !=zs then zs &= " = " &fs end if
printf ( 1 , " 2^%d - 1 = %s
" , {pi,zs} )
end for
string s = " 600851475143 "
mpz_set_str(z, s )
printf ( 1 , " %s = %s
" , {s, mpz_factorstring(mpz_prime_factors ( z,500 ) ) } )
?elapsed ( time ( ) - t0 )
Output :
2^2-1 = 3 2^3-1 = 7 2^5-1 = 31 2^7-1 = 127 2^11-1 = 2047 = 23*89 2^13-1 = 8191 2^17-1 = 131071 2^19-1 = 524287 2^23-1 = 8388607 = 47*178481 2^29-1 = 536870911 = 233*1103*2089 2^31-1 = 2147483647 2^37-1 = 137438953471 = 223*616318177 2^41-1 = 2199023255551 = 13367*164511353 2^43-1 = 8796093022207 = 431*9719*2099863 2^47-1 = 140737488355327 = 2351*4513*13264529 2^53-1 = 9007199254740991 = 6361*69431*20394401 2^59-1 = 576460752303423487 = 179951*3203431780337 600851475143 = 71*839*1471*6857 " 0.1 s "
Note that mpz_prime_factors ( ) needs to be told how far to push things before giving up , but if pushed to ( say ) 20,000,000 primes , performance can suffer quite dramatically .
t0 = time ( )
-- for i=1 to 17 do
for i=18 to 25 do
integer pi = get_prime ( i )
mpz_ui_pow_ui( z,2, pi )
mpz_sub_ui( z , z,1 )
string zs = mpz_get_str(z ) ,
fs = mpz_factorstring(mpz_prime_factors (z,20000000 ) )
if fs !=zs then zs &= " = " &fs end if
printf ( 1 , " 2^%d - 1 = %s
" , {pi,zs} )
end for
s = " 100000000000000000037 "
mpz_set_str(z, s )
printf ( 1 , " %s = %s
" , {s, mpz_factorstring(mpz_prime_factors ( z,5000000 ) ) } )
?elapsed ( time ( ) - t0 )
Output :
2^61-1 = 2305843009213693951 2^67-1 = 147573952589676412927 = 193707721*761838257287 2^71-1 = 2361183241434822606847 = 228479*48544121*212885833 2^73-1 = 9444732965739290427391 = 439*2298041*9361973132609 2^79-1 = 604462909807314587353087 = 2687*202029703*1113491139767 2^83-1 = 9671406556917033397649407 = 167*57912614113275649087721 2^89-1 = 618970019642690137449562111 2^97-1 = 158456325028528675187087900671 = 11447*13842607235828485645766393 100000000000000000037 = 31*821*59004541*66590107 " 23.1 s "
Whereas the code below produces this :
2^61-1 = 2305843009213693951 2^67-1 = 147573952589676412927 ( not prime ) 2^71-1 = 2361183241434822606847 ( not prime ) 2^73-1 = 9444732965739290427391 = 439*21514198099633918969 ( last factor is not prime ) 2^79 - 1 = 604462909807314587353087 ( not prime ) 2^83-1 = 9671406556917033397649407 = 167*57912614113275649087721 2^89-1 = 618970019642690137449562111 2^97-1 = 158456325028528675187087900671 ( not prime ) " 0.0 s "
The default of 100 ( as in get_prime ( 100 ) yields 541 ) is quite low , but fast ( as is that 20,000 above ) .
Obviously , were you not actually going to make any use of factors > 541 , then that 's all you 'd need .
Below I commented said changes to mpz_prime_factors ( ) and added the " ( as per docs ) " part .
Note the latter was not needed above , via careful choice of 20000/500/20000000/5000000 .
include mpfr.e
atom t0 = time ( )
mpz z = mpz_init ( )
randstate state = gmp_randinit_mt ( )
for i=18 to 25 do
integer pi = get_prime ( i )
mpz_ui_pow_ui( z,2, pi )
mpz_sub_ui( z , z,1 )
-- sequence f = mpz_prime_factors ( z,20000000 )
sequence f = mpz_prime_factors (z )
string zs = mpz_get_str(z ) ,
fs = mpz_factorstring (f )
if fs !=zs then zs &= " = " &fs end if
if length ( f [ $ ] ) =1 then -- ( as per docs )
mpz_set_str(z , f [ $ ] [ 1 ] )
if not mpz_probable_prime_p(z , state ) then
if length ( f ) =1 then
zs &= " ( not prime ) "
else
zs &= " ( last factor is not prime ) "
end if
end if
end if
printf ( 1 , " 2^%d - 1 = %s
" , {pi,zs} )
end for
?elapsed ( time ( ) - t0 )
The following solution generates a sequence of " trial divisors " ( 2 3 5 7 11 13 17 19 23 29 31 37 .. ) , as described by Donald E. Knuth , " The Art of Computer Programming " , Vol.2 , p.365 .
( de factor ( N )
( make
( let ( D 2 L ( 1 2 2 . ( 4 2 4 2 4 6 2 6 . ) ) M ( sqrt N ) )
( while ( >= M D )
( if ( =0 ( % N D ) )
( setq M ( sqrt ( setq N (/ N ( link D ) ) ) ) )
( inc 'D ( pop ' L ) ) ) )
( link N ) ) ) )
( factor 1361129467683753853853498429727072845823 )
Output :
-> ( 3 11 31 131 2731 8191 409891 7623851 145295143558111 )
test : procedure options ( main , reorder ) ;
declare ( n , i ) fixed binary ( 31 ) ;
get list ( n ) ;
put edit ( n , ' [ ' ) ( x ( 1 ) , a ) ;
restart :
if is_prime ( n ) then
do ;
put edit ( trim ( n ) , ' ] ' ) ( x ( 1 ) , a ) ;
stop ;
end ;
do i = n / 2 to 2 by - 1 ;
if is_prime ( i ) then
if ( mod ( n , i ) = 0 ) then
do ;
put edit ( trim ( i ) ) ( x ( 1 ) , a ) ;
n = n / i ;
go to restart ;
end ;
end ;
put edit ( ' ] ' ) ( a ) ;
is_prime : procedure ( n ) options ( reorder ) returns ( bit ( 1 ) ) ;
declare n fixed binary ( 31 ) ;
declare i fixed binary ( 31 ) ;
if n < 2 then return ( ' 0 ' b ) ;
if n = 2 then return ( ' 1 ' b ) ;
if mod ( n , 2 ) = 0 then return ( ' 0 ' b ) ;
do i = 3 to sqrt ( n ) by 2 ;
if mod ( n , i ) = 0 then return ( ' 0 ' b ) ;
end ;
return ( ' 1 ' b ) ;
end is_prime ;
end test ;
Results from various runs :
1234567 [ 9721 127 ]
32768 [ 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 ] 99 [ 11 3 3 ] 9876543 [ 14503 227 3 ]
100 [ 5 5 2 2 ] 9999999 [ 4649 239 3 3 ] 5040 [ 7 5 3 3 2 2 2 2 ]
function eratosthenes ( $ n ) {
if ( $n - gt 1 ) {
$ prime = @ ( 1 .. ( $ n + 1 ) | foreach { $ true } )
$ prime [ 1 ] = $ false
$m = [ Math ] :: Floor ( [ Math ] :: Sqrt ( $ n ) )
function multiple ( $ i ) {
for ( $j = $ i * $ i ; $j - le $n ; $j += $ i ) {
$ prime [ $j ] = $ false
}
}
multiple 2
for ( $ i = 3 ; $ i - le $m ; $ i += 2 ) {
if ( $ prime [ $ i ] ) { multiple $ i }
}
1 .. $ n | where { $ prime [ $ _ ] }
} else {
Write - Error " $n is not greater than 1 "
}
}
function prime - decomposition ( $ n ) {
$ array = eratosthenes $ n
$ prime = @ ( )
foreach ( $p in $ array ) {
while ( $n % $ p - eq 0 ) {
$n /= $ p
$ prime += @ ( $ p )
}
}
$ prime
}
" $ ( prime - decomposition 12 ) "
" $ ( prime - decomposition 100 ) "
Output :
2 2 3 2 2 5 5
prime_decomp ( N , L ) :-
SN is sqrt ( N ) ,
prime_decomp_1 ( N , SN , 2 , [ ] , L ) .
prime_decomp_1 ( 1 , _ , _ , L , L ) :- ! .
% Special case for 2 , increment 1
prime_decomp_1 ( N , SN , D , L , LF ) :-
( 0 is N mod D - >
Q is N / D ,
SQ is sqrt ( Q ) ,
prime_decomp_1 ( Q , SQ , D , [ D | L ] , LF )
;
D1 is D + 1 ,
( D1 > SN - >
LF = [ N | L ]
;
prime_decomp_2 ( N , SN , D1 , L , LF )
)
) .
% General case , increment 2
prime_decomp_2 ( 1 , _ , _ , L , L ) :- ! .
prime_decomp_2 ( N , SN , D , L , LF ) :-
( 0 is N mod D - >
Q is N / D ,
SQ is sqrt ( Q ) ,
prime_decomp_2 ( Q , SQ , D , [ D | L ] , LF ) ;
D1 is D + 2 ,
( D1 > SN - >
LF = [ N | L ]
;
prime_decomp_2 ( N , SN , D1 , L , LF )
)
) .
Output :
?- time ( prime_decomp ( 9007199254740991 , L ) ) .
% 138,882 inferences , 0.344 CPU in 0.357 seconds ( 96 % CPU , 404020 Lips )
L = [ 20394401 , 69431 , 6361 ] .
?- time ( prime_decomp ( 576460752303423487 , L ) ) .
% 2,684,734 inferences , 0.672 CPU in 0.671 seconds ( 100 % CPU , 3995883 Lips )
L = [ 3203431780337 , 179951 ] .
?- time ( prime_decomp ( 1361129467683753853853498429727072845823 , L ) ) .
% 18,080,807 inferences , 7.953 CPU in 7.973 seconds ( 100 % CPU , 2273422 Lips )
L = [ 145295143558111 , 7623851 , 409891 , 8191 , 2731 , 131 , 31 , 11 , 3 ] .
Simple version [ edit ]
Translation of : Erlang
Optimized to stop on square root , and count by +2 on odds , above 2 .
factors ( N , FS ) :-
factors2 ( N , FS ) .
factors2 ( N , FS ) :-
( N < 2 - > FS = [ ]
; 4 > N - > FS = [ N ]
; 0 is N rem 2 - > FS = [ K | FS2 ] , N2 is N div 2 , factors2 ( N2 , FS2 )
; factors ( N , 3 , FS )
) .
factors ( N , K , FS ) :-
( N < 2 - > FS = [ ]
; K * K > N - > FS = [ N ]
; 0 is N rem K - > FS = [ K | FS2 ] , N2 is N div K , factors ( N2 , K , FS2 )
; K2 is K + 2 , factors ( N , K2 , FS )
) .
Expression
Tree version [ edit ]
Uses a 2 *3 * 5 * 7 factor wheel , but the main feature is that it returns the decomposition as a fully simplified expression tree .
wheel2357 ( L ) :-
W = [ 2 , 4 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 2 , 6 , 4 ,
2 , 4 , 6 , 6 , 2 , 6 , 4 , 2 ,
6 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 4 , 2 , 4 , 2 ,
4 , 8 , 6 , 4 , 6 , 2 , 4 , 6 ,
2 , 6 , 6 , 4 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 2 ,
6 , 4 , 2 , 4 , 2 , 10 , 2 , 10 | W ] ,
L = [ 1 , 2 , 2 , 4 | W ] .
factor ( 1 , 1 ) :- ! .
factor ( N , Fac ) :-
N > 1 ,
wheel2357 ( W ) ,
factor ( N , 2 , W , 1 , Fac0 ) ,
reverse_factors ( Fac0 , Fac ) .
factor ( N , F , _ , Fac1 , Fac2 ) :- F * F > N , ! , add_factor ( N , Fac1 , Fac2 ) .
factor ( N , F , W , Fac1 , Fac ) :-
divmod ( N , F , Q , 0 ) , ! ,
add_factor ( F , Fac1 , Fac2 ) ,
factor ( Q , F , W , Fac2 , Fac ) .
factor ( N , F1 , [ A | As ] , Fac1 , Fac ) :-
F2 is F1 + A ,
factor ( N , F2 , As , Fac1 , Fac ) .
add_factor ( F , 1 , F ) :- ! .
add_factor ( F , F , F ** 2 ) :- ! .
add_factor ( F , F ** Ex1 , F ** Ex2 ) :- succ ( Ex1 , Ex2 ) , ! .
add_factor ( F , F * A , F ** 2 * A ) :- ! .
add_factor ( F , F ** Ex1 * Rest , F ** Ex2 * Rest ) :- succ ( Ex1 , Ex2 ) , ! .
add_factor ( F , Fac , F * Fac ) .
reverse_factors ( A * B , C * A ) :- reverse_factors ( B , C ) , ! .
reverse_factors ( A , A ) .
Output :
?- factor ( 277,X ) .
X = 277 . ?- factor ( 1003,X ) .
X = 17*59 . ?- factor ( 1024,X ) .
X = 2**10 . ?- factor ( 768,X ) .
X = 2** 8* 3 . ?- factor( 1361129467683753853853498429727072845823,X ) .
X = 3*11*31*131*2731*8191*409891*7623851*145295143558111. ?- factor ( 360,X ) .
X = 2**3*3** 2*5 .
factor n = factor 2 n with
factor k n = k : factor k ( n div k ) if n mod k == 0 ;
= if n> 1 then [ n ] else [ ] if k*k>n ;
= factor ( k+1 ) n if k==2 ;
= factor ( k+2 ) n otherwise ;
end ;
Works with : PureBasic version 4.41
CompilerIf #PB_Compiler_Debugger
CompilerError
" Turn off the debugger if you want reasonable speed in this example . "
CompilerEndIf
Define .
q
Procedure Factor ( Number , List Factors ( ) )
Protected I = 3
While Number % 2 = 0
AddElement ( Factors ( ) )
Factors ( ) = 2
Number / 2
Wend
Protected Max = Number
While I <= Max And Number > 1
While Number % I = 0
AddElement ( Factors ( ) )
Factors ( ) = I
Number / I
Wend
I + 2
Wend
EndProcedure
Number = 9007199254740991
NewList Factors ( )
time = ElapsedMilliseconds ( )
Factor ( Number , Factors ( ) )
time = ElapsedMilliseconds ( ) - time
S.s = " Factored " + Str ( Number ) + " in " + StrD ( time / 1000 , 2 ) + " seconds . "
ForEach Factors ( )
S + # CRLF $ + Str ( Factors ( ) )
Next
MessageRequester ( " " , S )
Output :
Factored 9007199254740991 in 0.27 seconds .
6361 69431 20394401
Python : Using Croft Spiral sieve [ edit ]
Note : the program below is saved to file prime_decomposition .py and imported as a library here , here , here , here and here .
from __future__ import print_function
import sys
from itertools import islice , cycle , count
try :
from itertools import compress
except ImportError :
def compress ( data , selectors ) :
" " " compress ( ' ABCDEF ' , [ 1,0,1,0,1,1 ] ) --> A C E F " " "
return ( d for d , s in zip ( data , selectors ) if s )
def is_prime ( n ) :
return list ( zip ( ( True , False ) , decompose ( n ) ) ) [ - 1 ] [ 0 ]
class IsPrimeCached ( dict ) :
def __missing__ ( self , n ) :
r = is_prime ( n )
self [ n ] = r
return r
is_prime_cached = IsPrimeCached ( )
def croft ( ) :
" " " Yield prime integers using the Croft Spiral sieve .
This is a variant of wheel factorisation modulo 30 .
" " "
# Copied from :
# https://code.google.com/p/pyprimes/source/browse/src/pyprimes.py
# Implementation is based on erat3 from here :
# http://stackoverflow.com/q/2211990
# and this website :
# http://www.primesdemystified.com/
# Memory usage increases roughly linearly with the number of primes seen .
# dict ``roots`` stores an entry x :p for every prime p .
for p in ( 2 , 3 , 5 ) :
yield p
roots = { 9 : 3 , 25 : 5 } # Map d**2 -> d .
primeroots = frozenset ( ( 1 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 17 , 19 , 23 , 29 ) )
selectors = ( 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 , 0 )
for q in compress (
# Iterate over prime candidates 7 , 9 , 11 , 13 , ...
islice ( count ( 7 ) , 0 , None , 2 ) ,
# Mask out those that can't possibly be prime .
cycle ( selectors )
) :
# Using dict membership testing instead of pop gives a
# 5 - 10 % speedup over the first three million primes .
if q in roots :
p = roots [ q ]
del roots [ q ]
x = q + 2 *p
while x in roots or ( x % 30 ) not in primeroots :
x + = 2 *p
roots [ x ] = p
else :
roots [ q*q ] = q
yield q
primes = croft
def decompose ( n ) :
for p in primes ( ) :
if p*p > n : break
while n % p == 0 :
yield p
n // = p
if n > 1 :
yield n
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' :
# Example : calculate factors of Mersenne numbers to M59 #
import time
for m in primes ( ) :
p = 2 ** m - 1
print ( " 2**{ 0 : d} - 1 = { 1:d} , with factors : " . format ( m , p ) )
start = time .
time ( )
for factor in decompose ( p ) :
print ( factor , end = ' ' )
sys .
stdout .
flush ( )
print ( " => { 0:.2f}s " . format ( time . time ( ) - start ) )
if m >= 59 :
break
Output :
2**2 - 1 = 3 , with factors : 3 => 0.00s 2**3 - 1 = 7 , with factors : 7 => 0.01s 2**5 - 1 = 31 , with factors : 31 => 0.00s 2**7 - 1 = 127 , with factors : 127 => 0.00s 2**11-1 = 2047 , with factors : 23 89 => 0.00s 2**13-1 = 8191 , with factors : 8191 => 0.00s 2**17-1 = 131071 , with factors : 131071 => 0.00s 2**19-1 = 524287 , with factors : 524287 => 0.00s 2**23-1 = 8388607 , with factors : 47 178481 => 0.01s 2**29-1 = 536870911 , with factors : 233 1103 2089 => 0.01s 2**31-1 = 2147483647 , with factors : 2147483647 => 0.03s 2**37-1 = 137438953471 , with factors : 223 616318177 => 0.02s 2**41-1 = 2199023255551 , with factors : 13367 164511353 => 0.01s 2**43-1 = 8796093022207 , with factors : 431 9719 2099863 => 0.01s 2**47-1 = 140737488355327 , with factors : 2351 4513 13264529 => 0.01s 2**53-1 = 9007199254740991 , with factors : 6361 69431 20394401 => 0.04s 2**59-1 = 576460752303423487 , with factors : 179951 3203431780337 => 1.22s
Python : Using floating point [ edit ]
Here a shorter and marginally faster algorithm :
from math import floor , sqrt
try :
long
except NameError :
long = int
def fac ( n ) :
step = lambda x : 1 + ( x << 2 ) - ( ( x >> 1 ) << 1 )
maxq = long ( floor ( sqrt ( n ) ) )
d = 1
q = 2 if n % 2 == 0 else 3
while q <= maxq and n % q !=
0 :
q = step ( d )
d + = 1
return [ q ] + fac ( n // q ) if q <= maxq else [ n ]
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' :
import time
start = time .
time ( )
tocalc = 2 ** 59 - 1
print ( " %s = %s " % ( tocalc , fac ( tocalc ) ) )
print ( " Needed %ss " % ( time . time ( ) - start ) )
Output :
576460752303423487 = [ 3203431780337 , 179951 ]
Needed 0.9240529537200928s
findfactors <- function ( num ) {
x <- NULL
firstprime<- 2 ; secondprime <- 3 ; everyprime <- num
while ( everyprime != 1 ) {
while ( everyprime % % firstprime == 0 ) {
x <- c(x , firstprime )
everyprime <- floor ( everyprime / firstprime )
}
firstprime <- secondprime
secondprime <- secondprime + 2
}
x
}
print ( findfactors ( 1027*4 ) )
Or a more explicit ( but less efficient ) recursive approach :
Recursive Approach ( Less efficient for large numbers ) [ edit ]
primes <- as.integer ( c ( ) )
max_prime_checker <- function (n ) {
divisor <<- NULL
primes <- primes [ primes <= n ]
for( i in 1:length ( primes ) ) {
if ((n/ primes [i ] ) %% 1 == 0 ) {
divisor [ i]<<- 1
} else {
divisor [ i]<<- 0
}
}
num_find <<- primes*as.integer( divisor )
return ( max ( num_find ) )
}
#recursive prime finder
prime_factors <- function (n ) {
factors <- NULL
large <- max_prime_checker(n )
n1 <- n/large
if(max_prime_checker ( n1 ) == n 1 ) {
factors <- c( large , n1 )
return ( factors )
} else {
factors <- c( large , prime_factors ( n1 ) )
return ( factors )
}
}
Alternate solution [ edit ]
findfactors <- function(n ) {
a <- NULL
if ( n > 1 ) {
while ( n % % 2 == 0 ) {
a <- c(a , 2 )
n <- n %/% 2
}
k <- 3
while ( k * k <= n ) {
while ( n % % k == 0 ) {
a <- c(a , k )
n <- n %/%
k
}
k <- k + 2
}
if ( n > 1 ) a <- c( a , n )
}
a
}
#lang racket
( require math )
( define ( factors n )
( append - map ( λ ( x ) ( make - list ( cadr x ) ( car x ) ) ) ( factorize n ) ) )
Or , an explicit ( and less efficient ) computation :
#lang racket
( define ( factors number )
( let loop ( [n number ] [ i 2 ] )
( if ( = n 1 )
'()
( let - values ( [ ( q r ) ( quotient / remainder n i ) ] )
( if ( zero ? r ) ( cons i ( loop q i ) ) ( loop n ( add1 i ) ) ) ) ) ) )
( formerly Perl 6 )
Pure Raku [ edit ]
This is a pure Raku version that uses no outside libraries .
It uses a variant of Pollard 's rho factoring algorithm and is fairly performent when factoring numbers < 2⁸⁰ ; typically taking well under a second on an i7 .
It starts to slow down with larger numbers , but really bogs down factoring numbers that have more than 1 factor larger than about 2⁴⁰ .
sub prime - factors ( Int $n where * > 0 ) {
return $n if $n . is - prime ;
return ( ) if $n == 1 ;
my $ factor = find - factor ( $ n ) ;
sort flat ( $ factor , $n div $ factor ) . map : & prime - factors ;
}
sub find - factor ( Int $n , $ constant = 1 ) {
return 2 unless $ n +& 1 ;
if ( my $ gcd = $n gcd 6541380665835015 ) > 1 { # magic number : [ *] primes 3 .. 43
return $ gcd if $ gcd != $ n
}
my $x = 2 ;
my $ rho = 1 ;
my $ factor = 1 ;
while $ factor == 1 {
$ rho = $ rho +< 1 ;
my $ fixed = $ x ;
my int $ i = 0 ;
while $ i < $ rho {
$x = ( $x * $x + $ constant ) % $ n ;
$ factor = ( $x - $ fixed ) gcd $n ;
last if 1 < $ factor ;
$ i = $ i + 1 ;
}
}
$ factor = find - factor ( $n , $ constant + 1 ) if $ n == $ factor ;
$ factor ;
}
. put for ( 2 ²⁹ - 1 , 2 ⁴¹ - 1 , 2 ⁵⁹ - 1 , 2 ⁷¹ - 1 , 2 ⁷⁹ - 1 , 2 ⁹⁷ - 1 , 2 ¹¹⁷ - 1 , 2 ²⁴¹ - 1 ,
5465610891074107968111136514192945634873647594456118359804135903459867604844945580205745718497 ) \
. hyper ( : 1 batch ) . map : -> $ n {
my $ start = now ;
" factors of $ n : " ,
prime - factors ( $ n ) . join ( ' × ' ) , " \t in " , ( now - $ start ) . fmt ( " %0.3f " ) , " sec . "
}
Output :
factors of 536870911 : 233 × 1103 × 2089 in 0.004 sec. factors of 2199023255551 : 13367 × 164511353 in 0.011 sec. factors of 576460752303423487 : 179951 × 3203431780337 in 0.023 sec. factors of 2361183241434822606847 : 228479 × 48544121 × 212885833 in 0.190 sec. factors of 604462909807314587353087 : 2687 × 202029703 × 1113491139767 in 0.294 sec. factors of 158456325028528675187087900671 : 11447 × 13842607235828485645766393 in 0.005 sec. factors of 166153499473114484112975882535043071 : 7 × 73 × 79 × 937 × 6553 × 8191 × 86113 × 121369 × 7830118297 in 0.022 sec. factors of 3533694129556768659166595001485837031654967793751237916243212402585239551 : 22000409 × 160619474372352289412737508720216839225805656328990879953332340439 in 0.085 sec. factors of 5465610891074107968111136514192945634873647594456118359804135903459867604844945580205745718497 : 165901 × 10424087 × 18830281 × 53204737 × 56402249 × 59663291 × 91931221 × 95174413 × 305293727939 × 444161842339 × 790130065009 in 28.427 sec .
There is a Raku module available : Prime :: Factor , that uses essentially this algorithm with some minor performance tweaks .
External library [ edit ]
If you really need a speed boost , load the highly optimized Perl 5 ntheory module .
It needs a little extra plumbing to deal with the lack of built - in big integer support , but for large number factoring the interface overhead is worth it .
use Inline :: Perl5 ;
my $ p5 = Inline :: Perl5 . new ( ) ;
$ p5 . use ( ' ntheory ' ) ;
sub prime - factors ( $ i ) {
my &primes = $ p5 . run ( ' sub { map { ntheory : : todigitstring $ _ } sort { $a < = > $ b} ntheory : : factor $ _ [ 0 ] } ' ) ;
primes ( " $i " ) ;
}
for 2 ²⁹ - 1 , 2 ⁴¹ - 1 , 2 ⁵⁹ - 1 , 2 ⁷¹ - 1 , 2 ⁷⁹ - 1 , 2 ⁹⁷ - 1 , 2 ¹¹⁷ - 1 ,
5465610891074107968111136514192945634873647594456118359804135903459867604844945580205745718497
-> $ n {
my $ start = now ;
say " factors of $ n : " ,
prime - factors ( $ n ) . join ( ' × ' ) , " \t in " , ( now - $ start ) . fmt ( " %0.3f " ) , " sec . "
}
Output :
factors of 536870911 : 233 × 1103 × 2089 in 0.001 sec. factors of 2199023255551 : 13367 × 164511353 in 0.001 sec. factors of 576460752303423487 : 179951 × 3203431780337 in 0.001 sec. factors of 2361183241434822606847 : 228479 × 48544121 × 212885833 in 0.012 sec. factors of 604462909807314587353087 : 2687 × 202029703 × 1113491139767 in 0.003 sec. factors of 158456325028528675187087900671 : 11447 × 13842607235828485645766393 in 0.001 sec. factors of 166153499473114484112975882535043071 : 7 × 73 × 79 × 937 × 6553 × 8191 × 86113 × 121369 × 7830118297 in 0.001 sec. factors of 5465610891074107968111136514192945634873647594456118359804135903459867604844945580205745718497 : 165901 × 10424087 × 18830281 × 53204737 × 56402249 × 59663291 × 91931221 × 95174413 × 305293727939 × 444161842339 × 790130065009 in 0.064 sec .
optimized slightly [ edit ]
No ( error ) checking was done for the input arguments to test their validity .
The number of decimal digits is adjusted to match the size of the top - of - the - range ( t
SEOmoz has recently been interviewing applicants for a web developer position .
Prior to conducting the interview , I wrote up a list of technical questions I wanted to ask .
After interviewing , I decided to build upon this list and put together a larger one that everyone could use - both for interviewers and interviewees .
The list is not specific to any particular type of development position , but I tried to balance it between both the design / html / usability side of things and the back - end / database / programming side .
I 'm just focusing on web development related questions - you should obviously ask the usual barrage of questions like " Why do you want to work for [ some company ? ] "
I 'm not covering those types here .
Also , this list is n't in any particular order .
What industry sites and blogs do you read regularly ?
This question can give you an idea of how in - tune they are with the latest industry trends and technologies , as well as how passionate they are about webdev .
It 'll help separate the people who do it as a career AS WELL as a hobby from those who might simply be in it for the big developer paychecks .
_ Do you prefer to work alone or on a team ?
This is an important question to ask depending on the work environment .
If your project is going to require close interaction with other developers it 's very handy to have someone who has had that kind of experience .
On the other hand , many developers thrive while going solo .
Try to find a developer that fits your needs .
_ How comfortable are you with writing HTML entirely by hand ?
( + exercise )
Although their resume may state that they 're an HTML expert , often times many developers can't actually write an HTML document from top to bottom .
They rely on an external publisher or have to constantly flip back to a reference manual .
Any developer worth a damn should at least be able to write a simple HTML document without relying on external resources .
A possible exercise is to draw up a fake website and ask them to write the HTML for it .
Keep it simple and just make sure they have the basics down - watch for mistakes like forgetting the < head > </ head > tags or serious misuse of certain elements .
If they write something like : < image src= " / some/image.gif " > , it might be a good hint to wrap things up and call the next interviewee .
_ What is the w3c ?
Standards compliance in web development is where everything is ( hopefully ? ) going .
Do n't ask them to recite the w3c 's mission statement or anything , but they should at least have a general idea of who they are .
_ Can you write table - less XHTML ?
Do you validate your code ?
Weed out the old - school table - driven design junkies !
Find a developer who uses HTML elements for what they were actually intended .
Also , many developers will say they can go table - less , but when actually building sites they still use tables out of habit and / or convenience .
Possibly draw up a quick navigation menu or article and have them write the markup for it .
To be tricky , you could draw up tabular data - give them bonus points if they point out that a table should be used in that scenario :)
_ What are a few of your favorite development tools and why ?
If they say notepad you 've obviously got the wrong person for the job .
Not only can this help you gauge their level of competence , but it 'll also see if they match the tools everyone else uses in - house .
_ Describe / demonstrate your level of competence in a * nix shell environment
See how well they work without their precious GUI .
Ask some basic questions like how they would recursively copy a directory from one place to another , or how you 'd make a file only readable by the owner .
Find out what OSs they have experience with .
_ What skills and technologies are you the most interested in improving upon or learning ?
Find out if their future interests match the direction of the position ( or the company in general ) .
_ Show me your portfolio !
A portfolio can say a lot about a developer .
Do they have an eye for aesthetics ?
Are they more creatively or logically oriented ?
The most important thing is to look for is solid , extensive , COMPLETED projects .
A half dozen mockups and / or hacked - out scripts is a sign of inexperience or incompetence .
_ What sized websites have you worked on in the past ?
Find a developer that has experience similar in size to the project you 're putting together .
Developers with high traffic , large scale site expertise may offer skills that smaller - sized developers do n't , such as fine tuning apache or optimizing heavily hit SQL queries .
On the other hand , developers who typically build smaller sites may have an eye for things that large scale developers do n't , such as offering a greater level of visual creativity .
_ Show me your code !
Whether it 's plain old HTML or freakishly advanced ruby on rails , ask for code samples .
Source code can say more about a persons work habits than you think .
Clean , elegant code can often be indicative of a methodical , capable developer .
A resume may say 7 + years of perl experience , but that could mean 7 years of bad , unreadable perl .
Also , make sure you ask for a lot of source code , not just a few isolated functions or pieces of HTML .
Anyone can clean up 20 - 30 lines of code for an interview , you want to see the whole shebang .
Do n't ask for a full , functional app , but make sure it 's enough that you can tell it 's really what their code is like .
_ What are a few sites you admire and why ?
( from a webdev perspective )
Find out what inspires them .
While it does n't necessarily " take one to know one , " a great developer should always have a few impressive favorites .
_ Fix this code , please .
Give them some broken code written in the development language they are expected to know for the position .
Have them go through it line by line and point out all the mistakes .
_ I just pulled up the website you built and the browser is displaying a blank page .
Walk me through the steps you 'd take to troubleshoot the problem .
This is a great question to determine how well rounded their abilites are .
It tests everything from basic support skills all the way up to troubleshooting the webserver itself .
_ What 's your favorite development language and why ?
What other features ( if any ) do you wish you could add to this language ?
Asking about feature additions is a particularly valuable question - it can reveal if they 're skilled in programming in general or if their skillset is pigeonholed into their language of choice .
_ Do you find any particular languages or technologies intimidating ?
I 've often felt that the more I learn , the less I feel like I know .
Solving one mystery opens up ten others .
Having the interviewee tell you their faults can reveal a lot about what they know .
_ Acronym time ( oh boy ! )
Some might argue that knowing what acronyms actually stand for is trivial , but there are certain acronyms that a developer should have hard - wired into their head ( HTML or CSS , for example ) .
This is the kind of question that might be better reserved for the phone interview to weed out those who are very unqualified .
_ What web browser do you use ?
There is a right answer to this question : all of them .
A competent developer should be familiar with testing cross - browser compatibility by using all the major web browsers .
Obviously they 'll have a primary browser they use for surfing , but their answer to this question might be a good way for you to segue to asking how extensively they test cross - browser issues .
Also , if it 's some kind of css / html position seeing what toolbars they have installed can be a good metric of their skillset .
_ Rank your interest in these development tasks from 1 to 5 ( 1 being not interested at all , 5 being extremely interested )
Write up a list of tasks the job requires .
Having them rank these items according to their interest level can help you find who is the best suited for the position .
I know debugging uncommented perl code from 1997 sounds seriously awesome to me .
_ What are a few personal web projects you 've got going on ?
Almost all developers have personal web projects they like to plug away at in their spare time .
This is another question that can help differentiate the passionate developers from the clock - punchers .
It 's also a good question to end an interview with , as it's usually easy ( and fun ) for them to answer .
Any more great questions you can think of ?
