Lindsay Lohan gets political on her latest blog entry on Myspace , sounding off about Sarah Palin and her daughter 's teen pregnancy .
Political Blog
I 've been watching the news all morning , like everyone else - and i keep hearing about the issues related to ' teen pregnancy ' -
It 's all related to Sarah Palin and her 17 year old unmarried pregnant daughter .
Well , I think the real problem comes from the fact that we are taking the focus off of getting to know Sarah Palin and her political views , and what she can do to make our country a less destructive place .
Its distracting from the real issues , the real everyday problems that this country experiences .
I am concerned with the fact that Sarah Palin brought the attention to her daughter 's pregnancy , rather than all world issues and what she believes she could possibly do to change them - if elected .
I get Sarah Palin 's views against abortion , but i would much prefer to hear more about what she can do for our country rather than how her daughter is going to have a child no matter what .
Maybe focus on delivering some words and policy with stronger impact like Joe Biden .
See below for Barack Obama 's thoughts :
From Alexander Marquardt
CNN
MONROE , Michigan ( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama said firmly that families are off - limits in the campaign for president , reacting to news that GOP running mate Sarah Palin 's 17 - year - old daughter is pregnant .
" Let me be as clear as possible , " Obama said .
" I think people 's families are off - limits , and people 's children are especially off - limits .
This should n't be part of our politics .
It has no relevance to Gov. Palin 's performance as governor or her potential performance as a vice president . "
Obama said reporters should " back off these kinds of stories " and noted that he was born to an 18 - year - old mother .
" How a family deals with issues and teenage children , that should n't be the topic of our politics , and I hope that anybody who is supporting me understands that 's off - limits . " »
On another note - the last note - i heard a woman say on TODAY on NBC that teens are feeling as if they have to grow up faster .
Really ?
Because , i think that girls that are CHOOSING to be sexually active and are making a conscious decision to grow up faster .....
I think that parents need to recognize how important it is to talk to their children about the things that can result from being sexually active if they are n't protecting themselves ( birth control , condoms , etc . )
So - those are my thoughts for the day .
Enjoy the music :) xoxo
Funny Videos
*** This Funny video page has moved .
It used an old interwebs method to play videos that is no longer supported by modern browsers .***
Please update your links to point to http://www.dailyhaha.com/videos/
Please click one of the links below to go to the new page or you will be redirected in about 5 seconds .
DailyHaHa brings you the best Funny Videos and clips on the internets .
The content : Luckiest Skater
Ever is gone forever ... sorry .
Funny Videos
Copyright DailyHaHa.com 2018
Women Call the Shots at Home ; Public Mixed on Gender Roles in Jobs
They say it ’s a man ’s world .
But in the typical American family , it ’s the woman who wears the pantsuit .
To explore decision - making in the typical American home , a Pew Research Center survey asked men and women living in couples which one generally makes the decisions in four familiar areas of domestic life .
Who decides what you do together on the weekend ?
Who manages the household finances ?
Who makes the decisions on big purchases for the home ?
And who most often decides what to watch on television ?
The survey finds that in 43 % of all couples it ’s the woman who makes decisions in more areas than the man .
By contrast , men make more of the decisions in only about a quarter ( 26 % ) of all couples .
And about three - in - ten couples ( 31 % ) split decision - making responsibilities equally .
On a different topic related to gender and power , the survey asked whether people are more comfortable dealing with a man or with a woman in a variety of positions of authority – doctor , banker , lawyer , police officer , airline pilot , school teacher and surgeon .
Public attitudes are mixed .
Among respondents who have a preference , men are favored in some roles ( airline pilot , surgeon , police officer , lawyer ) ; women in others ( elementary school teacher , banker ) ; and the public is evenly divided about whether its family doctor should be a man or a woman .
Notably , however , for all seven of these positions , a sizable share of the public says it has no gender preference – ranging from the 33 % who say this about teachers to the 54 % who say it about surgeons .
Taken together , these results complement earlier findings from a wide - ranging Pew survey that explored public attitudes toward men and women as political leaders , and examined the roles that a candidate ’s gender and parenthood status play in voters ’ decisions .
Who ’s the Decider at Home ?
The questions about who calls the shots in different realms of domestic life were asked of 1,260 respondents who were married or living as a couple .
For each question , respondents were asked if they or their partner generally has the final say in decision - making .
They were not explicitly asked whether they generally share decisions – though this response was recorded if it was volunteered .
And it proved to be a very common response .
About half of all respondents said that they jointly decide or that there ’s no fixed pattern when it comes to decisions about shared weekend activities and buying big things for the home .
About four - in - ten said the same about deciding what to watch on television , and about one - in - three said the same about managing the household finances .
Only one partner – the respondent – was interviewed ; his or her answer was accepted as an accurate characterization of that couple ’s decision - making .
Responses were coded to indicate whether the man or the woman in the respondent ’s couple makes most of the decisions , or whether the decisions are shared .
For example , if a female respondent answered that she was mostly responsible for deciding on weekend plans , she was coded as being part of a couple in which the woman makes most of these decisions .
If she said her partner mostly chooses what they would do , she was coded as being in a couple in which the man has the most say .
The responses to the four questions were then analyzed together to determine whether , on balance , the man or the woman in the respondent ’s couple made the decisions in more areas , or whether both partners played an equal role .
Significantly , in a large plurality of couples – 43 % – men do n’t have the final say in any of the four areas tested .
These men either share decision - making with their partners or defer to them .
There are significantly fewer couples – 33 % – in which the woman does not take the lead in any of the four areas tested .
Also , more women ( 15 % ) than men ( 9 % ) are the lead decision - makers in three or more of the areas tested .
Generally , male and female survey respondents are in broad agreement about which gender makes most of the decisions in these realms of domestic life .
The lone exception has to do with managing household finances .
By a ratio of nearly two - to - one , women say that they ( 45 % ) rather than their partner ( 23 % ) manage the money in the household .
Men see things differently .
Some 37 % say they manage the money , while just 30 % report that their partner mostly handles the household finances .
The survey finds that when it comes to decision - making and consensus - building at home , age matters .
Men and women 65 or older are twice as likely as those under the age of 30 to say they and their partner share equally in making family decisions .
But while age makes a difference , income does n’t – at least not so much .
In dual - income couples , it is the woman who has more say , regardless of whether she earns more or less than her partner .
A total of 2,250 adults were interviewed by telephone for this nationally representative survey , including 1,260 who were married or living with a partner .
Margin of sampling error for the results based on the subsample of those who were in couples is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
Margin of sampling error for the overall results is plus or minus 2.3 percentage points .
Here ’s a rundown of the specific survey questions and responses :
Shared Weekend Activities
What are we doing this weekend , honey ?
For many couples , neither partner has the final word on shared weekend plans .
Nearly half ( 46 % ) of all couples make this type of decision together , and in another 6 % of couples , neither partner is the regular decision maker .
But among those couples in which one partner consistently takes the lead , it ’s the woman and not the man who most often makes the call on weekend activities ( 28 % vs. 16 % ) .
Who Makes the Big Household Purchases ?
A large plurality of couples ( 46 % ) jointly make decisions about buying major items for the home .
But again , in families in which one person makes most of these decisions , it ’s the woman and not the man who has the last word when purchasing big - ticket items for the home ( 30 % vs. 19 % ) .
The Battle of the Budget
While large proportions of couples make major home purchases and weekend plans together , other types of decisions are most often made by one partner .
For example , fully two - thirds of all couples say one partner or the other mostly manages the household finances – but , in the agggregate , men and women disagree about which partner takes the lead .
Overall , women are somewhat more likely than men to manage household finances ( 38 % vs 30 % ) .
Fewer than three - in - ten couples ( 28 % ) equally share responsibility for making family financial decisions , the smallest percentage responding this way among the four areas tested .
However , comparing how men and women answer this question suggests that there is a good bit of gender disagreement over who ultimately controls the family ’s purse strings .
By nearly 2 - 1 , women say they and not their husbands control the family pursestrings ( 45 % vs. 23 % ) .
But a narrow plurality of men say they , not their wives , are managing the fa
mily finances ( 37 % vs. 30 % ) .
On the other three questions , the sexes largely agree who has the ultimate say .
By about 2 - 1 , women say they and not their partner decide how the couple will spend weekend time together ( 30 % vs.14 % ) and decide on major home purchases ( 33 % vs. 17 % ) .
In both cases , but by narrower margins , men agree their wives or partners usually make these decisions .
Who Controls the TV Remote ?
While husbands and wives may differ over who controls the family checkbook , there ’s not much dispute over who controls the television remote control .
The consensus from all quarters : not me .
About a quarter of all husbands and wives say they make decisions together and another one - in - nine say there ’s no consistent pattern to the spousal decisions on this front .
Women say they are about as likely to decide what to watch on television ( 26 % ) as their spouses ( 28 % ) .
Men are slightly more likely to say their spouse decides ( 30 % ) than say they control the remote ( 24 % ) .
Factoring the respondent ’s gender into the analysis produces a similar overall result .
In 27 % of all couples , it ’s the woman who decides what to watch on TV .
The man decides in 26 % of couples , and in about a quarter of all homes , what to watch is decided together .
One complicating factor : Perhaps there ’s relative peace in front of the TV because husbands and wives are simply watching different televisions , or watching their favorite shows alone at different times .
Nielsen Media Research reported in 2006 that there were more televisions than people in the average American home .
This survey did not ask how many working televisions respondents had in their homes , or whether couples generally watched TV together or at different times , leaving open the possibility that when it comes to controlling the remote , “ separate but equal ” may help keep the peace in some American homes .
Many couples make some family decisions together but very few make all decisions together .
When it comes to deciding on shared weekend activities , nearly half ( 46 % ) of men and women say they make the decision jointly with their spouses .
But in other areas , shared decision - making is relatively rare .
For example , only 28 % of all couples say they share responsibility for managing household finances .
Overall , only 8 % of couples say they make the decisions together in each of the four areas tested in the poll .
Another 17 % say they make joint decisions in three of the four .
Conversely , a 54 % majority say they make joint decisions in just one ( 20 % ) or none ( 34 % ) of the aspects of family life .
It is possible that the share of “ we decide together ” responses would have been greater if this option was explicitly presented in the question .
It was not .
Rather , the question was worded to ask whether the respondent or his / her partner generally made decisions .
In order for a respondent to be recorded as saying decisions are shared , that respondent had to volunteer this answer .
With one notable exception , patterns of decision - making by couples vary little among most demographic groups .
The exception has to do with age : Older couples are significantly more likely than younger couples to make decisions together , the survey finds .
More than a third of all adults 65 or older say they make most of the decisions with their spouses in at least three of the four areas tested – double the proportion of the joint decision - makers among couples younger than 30 .
Conversely , fully four - in - ten young adults who are married or living together say they do not make decisions together , with the majority saying they make most of the decisions themselves .
Money and Power in the Home
Two - thirds of all husbands in dual - income families say they make more money than their wives , and wives generally concur in this assessment .
But earning more money does n’t necessarily mean making more decisions at home , at least for men .
And for women , earning less does n’t always mean making fewer decisions .
By a ratio of better than two - to - one , women make most of the household decisions ( 46 % vs. 19 % ) in couples in which the woman earns more than the man .
Among couples in which the man earns more than his female partner , women still are more likely to make the decisions in more areas , but by a narrower margin ( 42 % vs. 30 % ) .
Gender Roles in Positions of Authority
While many Americans say it makes no difference to them whether they deal with a man or woman in a range of high - profile positions of authority , the survey finds that they retain strong traditional gender preferences in a few positions , including elementary school teacher and police officer .
The other positions tested were banker , surgeon , lawyer , airline pilot and family doctor .
Here is a rundown of the public ’s responses , based on interviews with the full sample of 2,250 adults .
Traditional roles
Most of the nation ’s elementary school teachers are female , most police officers are male , and Americans generally prefer it that way .
This attitude is especially prevalent when it comes to elementary school teachers ; majorities of both genders and all race and age groups say they would rather deal with a woman than a man in that role .
Among Americans of different education levels , college graduates are the only group in which there is not a majority preference for female teachers ; they split their opinions evenly between female and no preference .
Asked about the preferred gender for police officer , Americans give a plurality of votes - 46 % - to males .
Although men are slightly more likely than women to prefer female teachers , there is no difference between the genders in their preference for policemen .
But Americans 65 years old or older are more inclined than younger adults to prefer a male policeman – 55 % do , which is at least eight percentage points more than is the case with any younger age group .
Although no demographic group prefers a female police officer , one in four black or Hispanic Americans say they would rather deal with a policewoman , compared with 12 % of whites .
Surgeons and airline pilots are traditionally male occupations that remain heavily male , but half or more of Americans say it makes no difference to them whether a man or woman holds those jobs .
Majorities of men ( 57 % ) and women ( 52 % ) say they have no preference for a male or female surgeon .
A third of men ( 32 % ) and women ( 34 % ) say they prefer a man , and the rest prefer a woman .
Older people are most likely to prefer a male surgeon .
Blacks , and to a lesser extent Hispanics , are more likely than whites to prefer a male surgeon .
When it comes to airline pilots , men ( 53 % ) are somewhat more likely than women ( 47 % ) to say they have no preference .
Men ( 38 % ) are less likely than women ( 44 % ) to prefer a male pilot .
Hispanics ( 53 % ) and blacks ( 49 % ) are more likely than whites ( 38 % ) to prefer that their pilot be male .
Older Americans also are more likely to prefer a male pilot , women more so than men .
Family doctor
Gender differences play a role in preferences for a male or female family doctor , a traditionally male field that has been attracting growing numbers of females .
Men are most likely to express no preference ( 46 % ) , but a notable share prefers a male doctor ( 35 % ) .
Women split their votes between no preference ( 38 % ) and a female doctor ( 39 % ) .
Age also plays a role : Older Americans are more likely to prefer a man , while younger ones are more likely to prefer a woman .
Banker and Lawyer
The financial services and legal professions also are traditionally male , but increasingly populated by women .
About half of Americans ( 48 % ) say they have no preference between a male or female banker or lawyer .
This is especially true of whites , college - educated Americans and high - income respondents .
People who live in the West also are most likely than Americans in other regions to have no preference for a male or female banker or lawyer .
After “ no preference , ” though , Americans ’ second choice for their banker would be a woman ( 36 % ) , which is true for both male and female respondents .
Younger people are more evenly split between expressing no preference and favoring a woman .
Older people are somewhat more likely to prefer a man to a woman .
Some groups are more likely to prefer a woman to a man or to the no-preference option .
They include blacks and Hispanics ( 47 % of each favors a woman banker ) , as well as Americans who have not graduated high school or who are in the lowest income group .
Notably , even Americans who say they believe women should return to their traditional roles say they prefer a woman ( 37 % ) to a man ( 23 % ) for their banker .
As for their lawyer , men ( 51 % ) are slightly more likely than women ( 46 % ) to express no preference .
Men ( 28 % ) and women ( 30 % ) are about equally likely to prefer a male lawyer .
Women ( 23 % ) are somewhat more likely than men ( 18 % ) to prefer a female lawyer .
There are racial differences in lawyer preference .
Most whites ( 54 % ) say gender does n’t matter .
Hispanics and blacks are more likely than whites to split their votes among men , women or no preference .
A narrow majority of middle - aged Americans ( 30 - 49 and 50 - 64 ) say they have no preference , compared with four - in - ten of younger or older Americans .
Younger and older Americans cast more of their votes for male lawyers than do middle - aged Americans .
Sub - Group Preferences
In general , older Americans are most likely to prefer men in traditionally male jobs .
Blacks and Hispanics are more likely than whites to favor men in some traditionally male jobs , but tilt toward women in others .
College graduates are more likely than less - educated Americans to express no job preference for either gender .
There ’s very little difference between male and female survey respondents over which gender they would rather deal with in each profession tested .
The lone exception to this pattern is the family doctor .
Here , gender solidarity prevails .
Female respondents express a preference for a woman doctor by a ratio of nearly two - to - one , while male respondents say they would prefer to deal with a male family doctor by a ratio of about two - to - one .
Surely , the cure for hyperbolic " credit excesses and reckless behavior " cannot be " more of the same . "
In fact , Paulson 's bailout does not even address the core issues which have been obscured by demagoguery and threats .
The worthless assets must be written - down , insolvent banks must be allowed to go bust , and the crooks and criminals who engineered this financial blitz on the nation 's coffers must be held to account .
" We 've made great progress , but we have to commit it to paper before we can formally agree , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) , who has pledged to make the plan available to the public for at least 24 hours before the House votes on it .
A vote could come as early as tomorrow in the House , with the Senate expected to follow soon after .
Democrats also made a number of concessions , abandoning demands that bankruptcy judges be empowered to modify home mortgages on primary residences for people in foreclosure .
They also agreed not to dedicate a portion of any profits from the bailout program to an affordable housing fund ...
The administration also agreed to Democratic demands that the financial services industry should help pay for the program .
Under the agreement , the president would be required to propose a fee on the industry if the government has not recovered its money through sales of the assets within five years .
[ T ]he ruling elites do not care what you think .
I repeat : they do not care .
Oh , yes , they care to some extent when elections come around -- but any such concern Democratic politicians might have for certain voters ' views is obliterated by one consideration loudly and repeatedly announced by almost every liberal and progressive blogger .
As I 've noted before ( with regard to the vacuous , narcissistic bloviating of that great political thinker , Markos Moulitsas ) , the Washington Democrats know you will continue to vote for them no matter what they do .
When you approach the negotiating table and tell your opponent you 'll give him everything he wants before you even sit down , exactly how successful do you think those negotiations will be from your perspective ?
Yet this is precisely what the liberal and progressive bloggers do time after time after time -- and then they profess amazement when the Democrats act in ways opposed to those same bloggers ' views .
And note this is not even about all voters ' views , just the views of some of them .
Since you 'll vote for them anyway no matter what they do , why the hell should they care ?
Sure , you 're " alienated " for the moment -- but who are you gonna vote for in November 2008 , hmm ?
They already know the answer to that question .
The ruling class does not care about you or your views .
The MoveOn denunciation is an aspect of the performance put on by one part of the ruling class for the benefit of another part .
They may criticize each other in certain predetermined ways and within certain narrowly circumscribed limits -- but you may not criticize any of them in ways that go beyond what the ruling class as a whole has decided is acceptable .
...
Your role -- and your only role -- is to vote for them as required , and then to shut up .
I expect the Democrats to extract certain modifications and perhaps make a few additions to the monumentally destructive plan proposed by the Bush Administration .
The final plan may be marginally less awful than in its current form -- but it will remain entirely awful .
The Dodd - Frank changes make the plan less awful , mainly by creating an equity stake .
Essentially , this makes it possible for the plan to do the right thing through the back door : use toxic - waste purchases to acquire equity , and hence inject capital after all .
Also , the oversight means that Treasury can be prevented from making the plan a pure gift to financial evildoers .
But it 's still not a good plan .
The financial system is blowing up .
Do n't listen to the experts ; just look at the numbers .
Last week , according to Reuters , " U.S. banks borrowed a record amount from the Federal Reserve nearly $ 188 billion a day on average , showing the central bank went to extremes to keep the banking system afloat amid the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression . "
The Fed opened the various " auction facilities " to create the appearance that insolvent banks were thriving businesses , but they are not .
They 're dead ; their liabilities exceed their assets .
Now the Fed is desperate because the hundreds of billions of dollars of mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) in the banks vaults have bankrupted the entire system and the Fed 's balance sheet is ballooning by the day .
The market for MBS will not bounce back in the foreseeable future and the banks are unable to roll - over their short term debt .
The Federal Reserve itself is in danger .
So , it 's on to Plan B ; which is to dump all the toxic sludge on the taxpayers before they realize that the whole system is cratering .
It 's called the Paulson Plan , a $ 700 billion outrage which has already been disparaged by every economist of merit in the country .
From Reuters : " Borrowings by primary dealers via the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , and through another facility created on Sunday for Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , and Merrill Lynch , and their London - based subsidiaries , totaled $ 105.66 billion as of Wednesday , the Fed said . "
See what I mean ; they 're all broke .
The Fed 's rotating loans are just a way to perpetuate the myth that the banks are n't flat - lining already .
Bernanke has tied strings to the various body parts and jerks them every so often to make it look like they 're alive .
But the Wall Street model is broken and the bailout is pointless .
Administration officials have stressed that the ultimate cost of the bailout would be much less than $ 700 billion because the government would eventually sell the assets it purchased and recover most , if not all , of its investment .
...
Democratic leaders have emphasized to rank - and - file members that Paulson has told them that he could only spend about $ 50 billion a month on the securities purchase program [!!! ] .
Of the $ 700 billion figure , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) said : " Nobody believes that 's going to be the final cost . "
How did Treasury Secretary Paulson figure out that recapitalizing the banking system would cost $ 700 billion ?
Or did he just estimate the amount of money that could be loaded on the back of the Treasury 's flatbed truck when it sputters off to shower his buddies at Goldman Sachs with freshly minted greenbacks ?
The point is , that Paulson 's calculations were not assisted by any economists at all , and they can not be trusted .
It is a purely arbitrary , " back of the envelope " type figuring .
According to Bloomberg : Swiss investor Marc Faber , known for a long track record of good calls , believes the damage may come to $ 5 trillion : " Marc Faber , managing director of Marc Faber Ltd. in Hong Kong , said the U.S. government 's rescue package for the financial system may require as much as $ 5 trillion , seven times the amount Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has requested ....
" The $ 700 billion is really nothing , " Faber said in a television interview .
" The Treasury is just giving out this figure when the end figure may be $ 5 trillion . "
" Market Ticker 's " Karl Denninger confirms that the Fed has been draining the banking system of liquidity in order to blackmail Congress into passing the new legislation .
Here 's Denninger : " The Effective Fed Funds rate has been trading 50 basis points or more below the 2 % target for five straight days now , and for the last two days , it has traded 75 basis points under .
The IRX is demanding an immediate rate cut .
The Slosh has been intentionally drained by over $ 125 billion in the last week and lowering the water in the swamp exposed one dead body - Washington Mutual - which was immediately raided on a no - notice basis by JP Morgan .
Not even WaMu's CEO knew about the raid until it was done .... The Fed claims to be an ‘ independent central bank . ’
They are nothing of the kind ; they are now acting as an arsonist .
The Fed and Treasury have claimed this is a ‘ liquidity crisis ’ ; it is not .
It is an insolvency crisis that The Fed , Treasury and the other regulatory organs of our government have intentionally allowed to occur . "
You may consider my title to be unforgivably vulgar and crude .
It is the truth of what the U.S. government is doing to the vast majority of the citizens it rules .
To varying degrees , the government has been behaving in the identical manner for well over a century ; rarely has it done so in such a blatantly dishonest and criminal manner .
I start with the point I have made in a number of posts :
There Is No Fix -- not for the problem the government bailout purportedly addresses .
From Mike Whitney 's latest article
But the point of this exercise is not to address the massive real problems that confront the country : rather , it is to further enrich the ruling class , to protect their existing wealth and power , and to increase their wealth and power still more .
You , the " ordinary " American , will pay for all of it .
Note a few points about this Washington Post piece .
First , this :
How kind of Empress Nancy to permit the serfs who will make possible her latest act of gracious largesse to contemplate the details of how they will be forced to pay for this shit with their blood , labor and lives .
And a whole 24 hours !
Empress Nancy is generous to a fault .
Both Republicans and Democrats are desperately trying to make it appear that they 're looking out for the well - being of the indentured servants whose lives their rulers so carelessly dispose of .
That 's hardly surprising in light of the notably loud groundswell of rejection at the terms of this plan .
But it would n't do to encourage the riffraff too much , and the Democrats understand very well indeed who is actually calling the shots here :
Let them live in tents !
proclaim the Democrats .
But the Democrats did succeed with certain of their demands , and in every case the solution proves to be utterly meaningless and toothless :
" The president would beRequired to propose , but it appears no one is required topose .
Tough language !
And does anyone honestly believe that after all the accounting gimmicks , the shifting of funds here , there and everywhere on the impossibly incomprehensible books of many different firms , any of this will come to anything ?
If you do , I have a non-existent bridge to sell you .
Well , look !
You bought that bridge already !
Are n't you the sweetest , most agreeable idiot to ever come down the pike .
Yes , you are , do n't deny it now .
As thearticle makes clear , the essence of the Bush administration proposal will soon be enacted : American taxpayers will be forced to pay for generations to solve a problem that cannot be solved , all so that the ruling class is spared any substantial degree of discomfort .
After this , to vote for any of the leaders of the two national parties , including the two major presidential candidates , means only one thing : you 're being fucked to death -- and you 're rewarding the people killing you as you beg for more .
If that is your choice , I have one unsolicited piece of advice for all such voters going forward : whenever you 're tempted to criticize the president or other national figures for some especially awful policy decision , shut your pathetic little traps .
If you reward them once you know they 're killing you , exactly how in hell do you convince yourselves that they care at all what you think , or what your concerns are ?
I said all of this in a post just over a year ago
It 's funny in a horrible kind of way to recall now that I received a number of emails in response to that post .
Some readers ( and some other bloggers ) were terribly " Oh , Arthur ! , " they wailed .
" Do youthink they do n't care about usThey 're really just in it ... " and at this point , you could hear the microscopic gears in their pathetically tiny brains almost grind to a horrified halt , " they 're just in it ... forReality has now delivered a powerful blow to the skulls of idiots of this kind .
Perhaps they will take the lesson , although now I do n't think it matters in the least .
And of course , many of these same people willvote for the top of the Democratic and Republican tickets .
But this game is over for your lifetime .
You lost .
Sure , the stock market and the financial world may appear to be fine for a while -- would n't you , if the government had just given you a huge fortune stolen from someone else ?
But watch what happens in three or six months , or in a year .
The devastation is far from over ; in many ways , it 's just beginning .
Toward the conclusion of " A Time Bereft of Heroes , " written on September 20 , I said : Compare this to Paul Krugman , one week later Stick with me , and you can read the news at least a week early .
Krugman also says , " the financial crisis is all too real . "
There are two aspects of what is happening : one is real , and one is manufactured in significant part , precisely to create the kind of crisis atmosphere that makes abominable legislation like the bailout possible .
In various discussions and blog posts , I see people struggling to make all these events fit into one categorythe other : either it 's all real , or it's all " strategic behavior on the part of big financial players who stand to benefit from the bailout . "
This is exactly the kind of dualistic error I discussed in this essay .
It 's not either - or : it 's The basic problem is very real ; in significant part , the theatrics that have been orchestrated around it are not .
Here is Whitney on the real problem at the opening of his new article
They 're stealing your money and that of your children and grandchildren and ofchildren and grandchildren -- all for something
It's not designed to work in that sense : it 's designed to prop up our rulers for a while longer .
That 's all .
That 's the whole disgusting , sickening , criminal scheme .
One of the more monumental lies in thestory comes in these brief excerpts :
It appears that Hoyer operates on the premise that everyone is as big a moron as he is .
He seems to think the final tally will bethan $ 700 billion .
But Hoyer is entirely correct to note that $ 700 billion is n't even close to the real cost .
Mike Whitney again :
In connection with the deliberately orchestrated panic and doom that will shortly succeed in stampeding the Congress into passing what may amount to one of the final death blows to the struggling U.S. economy , Whitney first notes the " strategic behavior on the part of big financial players who stand to benefit from the bailout " that I discussed the other day Whitney then goes on : A crime syndicate is running the executivelegislative branches of the U.S. government .
No , that 's not accurate .
A crime syndicatethe executive and legislative branches of the U.S. government .
Whitney has still more , including basic guidelines from Market Ticker for " a workable solution " to the real problem that exists .
Those guidelines are remarkably sensible and would probably be effective -- which means there is not a chance in hell Congress will ever seriously consider them .
Look at it this way .
Perhaps you 've secretly dreamed of a life of great wealth and power , of a lifeNow your mother wo n't have to lie and make up stories about what you do for her neighbors and friends .
She can just tell them you 've gone to work on Wall Street , or in Washington .
Everyone will be happy and proud .
Everyone , that is , except for the overwhelming majority of Americans , whose lives have been thrown away and who will stumble through the joyless days remaining to them struggling to pay for the luxuries and amusements of their rulers .
Welcome to the nation of crime that is your home .
An infant diet that includes fish before the age of 9 months curbs the risk of developing eczema , indicates research published ahead of print in the Archives of Disease in Childhood .
The prevalence of atopic eczema and other allergic disease has risen sharply in developed countries in recent decades , say the authors .
Environmental and dietary factors are thought to play a part .
The researchers quizzed the parents of 6 month old babies born in western Sweden in 2003 about their child 's diet and any evidence of allergic eczema .
They were quizzed again when the children reached the age of 12 months .
The children were all part of an ongoing health study , Infants of Western Sweden , which is tracking the long term health of almost 17000 babies .
Complete birth data and two sets of questionnaires were obtained for almost 5000 of the 8000 families contacted .
At six months , 13 % of families said that their youngest child had already developed eczema .
By the time the children had reached 12 months of age , one in five had the condition .
The average age at which first symptoms appeared was 4 months .
Genes had a significant impact .
Children with a sibling or mother who had the condition were almost twice as likely to be affected by the age of 12 months .
But breast feeding , the age at which dairy products were introduced into the diet , and keeping a furry pet in the house had no impact on risk .
Around one in five households had a pet .
However , the introduction of fish into the diet before the age of 9 months cut the risk of developing the disease by 25 % .
And a pet bird was also associated with a significant reduction in risk .
Snow Leopard 's across - the - board leap to 64 - bits , from the kernel to all of its bundled apps , will do more than just make more memory available .
It will also have a significant positive impact on performance system wide , even more than the same jump to 64 - bits in Windows Vista .
Here 's why .
Following the initial introduction to 64 - bit computing leading up to Snow Leopard and a second segment outlining issues related to the amount of RAM that can be installed and actually used by the system , this third segment examines how much memory a specific app can use and how performance will improve with 64 - bit addressing despite the additional overhead involved .
A follow up segment will look at how the market for 64 - bit apps is unfolding and how Apple is pioneering 64 - bits on the desktop .
Road to Mac OS X Snow Leopard : Twice the RAM , half the price , 64 - bits
Road to Mac OS X Snow Leopard : The Future of 64 - bit Apps
System RAM vs App RAM
While the 4GB limit described earlier is only just beginning to affect mainstream users , there 's another problem that prevents full use of the installed memory by any specific application .
In fact , the real problem for RAM - starved apps is not how much RAM can be installed in a machine , but rather the limits on the amount of memory a single application or process can address itself . Â
The 32 - bit versions of Windows , Linux , and Mac OS X handled their 4GB limit differently .
That means their transitions to 64 - bits offer varying levels of improvement to their users .
In 32 - bit versions of Linux and Mac OS X , the kernel maps out a 32 - bit , 4GB virtual memory space for itself and one for each app ( or process ) .
The virtual memory system shuffles memory around as needed to take best advantage of however much RAM is installed .
The more RAM the better , of course .
In 32 - bit Windows , every app only gets a 2GB virtual address space ; the 4GB space afforded by 32 - bit addresses is split with the kernel .
By default , the split is right down the middle , so the app gets 2GB to work in while the kernel reserves the other 2GB .
With a special setting , Windows can be adjusted to a 3GB / 1GB split to give the app a bit more room , but there 's no way to approach a full 4GB address space in Windows .
This impacts every app on the system that wants to use a lot of RAM . Â
The reason behind Windows ' split memory allocation is performance .
Windows system calls can address memory locations mapped to the application and to the kernel in the same breath , because the CPU can directly address the app's RAM and the kernel 's RAM at the same time using a cached lookup table called the " translation lookaside buffer " or TLB . Â
With More RAM Comes More Accountability
In contrast , while 32 - bit versions of Linux and Mac OS X give each application its own full 4GB of virtual memory , those addresses share ( overlap with ) those used by the kernel 's own 4GB space .
That means the CPU 's TLB can't maintain its cached addresses because there 's no way distinguish between the two .
Every time the virtual memory system moves between the two address spaces , it has to flush the CPU 's TLB .
Every 32 - bit system call flushes the TLB twice , repeatedly setting the cache back to zero and negating any of the performance it was designed to enable .
On Windows , this only happens when the system switches between applications , because each application splits its virtual memory space with the kernel ( above ) . Â
Under the 64 - bit Mac OS X Leopard , 64 - bit apps get a massive virtual memory allocation that breaks out of the 4GB box .
This allows 64 - bit apps to occupy high address spaces while the kernel uses its own low addresses .
Without any shared address overlap , the TLB does n't need to be flushed and can therefore function as intended .
That potential windfall is n't yet fully realized because Leopard 's kernel and most Mac apps are still 32 - bit ( below left ) .
Snow Leopard will deliver both a 64 - bit kernel and a full set of 64 - bit bundled apps , erasing the entire TLB flush issue because the new kernel wo n't have to share any address space , even when running 32 - bit apps ( below right ) .
This will benefit all 64 - bit Mac users with a Core 2 CPU or better , even those lacking a Santa Rosa platform - style chipset , as being able to run 64 - bit code and virtual memory is not tied to the amount of addressable system RAM . Â
More , Better , Faster
Today 's 32 - bit Mac apps have access to more memory than 32 - bit Windows apps , but incur the TLB flush performance hit every time an app places a system call , rather than only when switching between apps .
With 64 - bit apps , Leopard offers better performance with virtually unlimited addressing . Â
In 64 - bit Windows , apps finally break out of the 2GB limit ( they now split the 16TB address space in half with the kernel ) , but there 's no significant new performance advantage related to the TLB , because Windows was n't dealing with that problem . Â
Both platforms will benefit from being able to take advantage of the additional registers on x64 that are so desperately missing from the 32 - bit x86 architecture , as noted in the first segment in this series .
That factor is also why PowerPC G5 users wo n't see much performance benefit from general purpose apps ported to 64 - bits ; 32 - bit PowerPC apps already have plenty of registers .
In many cases , they will actually get slightly slower due to the extra addressing overhead .
That 's also a key reason why Snow Leopard will be Intel only . Â
The dark side of 64 - bit
There is also some additional overhead with handling 64 - bit addressing on Intel , of course .
There 's also a " chicken and egg " problem related to developing a market for 64 - bit apps before there 's any significant installed base of 64 - bit operating systems to run them .
The mainstream Windows install is still 32 - bit .
Many 64 - bit PCs are sold with and / or end up running 32 - bit Windows , because Microsoft does n't have one OS that runs all apps seamlessly . Â
Windows 64 - bit users complain about many 32 - bit apps , drivers , codecs , and utilities not ready or not working properly .
That includes Microsoft 's own Office Document Imaging tools , Silverlight , and Windows Media Player .
And because 64 - bit kernels and apps wo n't work with 32 - bit drivers or plugins , the lack of 64 - bit Silverlight or Flash prevent many users from running the 64 - bit Internet Explorer .
Additionally , the way Microsoft delivered 64 - bit Windows causes problems for app developers , as simple changes or customizations to the system can hose everything , as Adobe has warned the beta users of 64 - bit Photoshop CS4 . Â
いま「プログラミングRuby」を読んでるんだけど、知らんかったことが多いなー。
4274066428
多重代入は括弧でグルーピングできる
irb ( main ) : 010:0 > b , ( c , d ) , e = [ 1 , [ 2 , 3 ] , 4 ] => [ 1 , [ 2 , 3 ] , 4 ] irb( main ) : 011:0 > [ b , c , d , e ] => [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ]
destructuring - bindっぽい。
notが警告を出すことがある
irb ( main ) : 012:0 > not " foo " ( irb ) : 12 : warning : string literal in condition => false irb( main ) : 013:0 > not / foo / ( irb ) :13 : warning : regex literal in condition => true
「!」でも同じ。
defined ? は文字列を返す
irb ( main ) : 018:0 > defined ?
1 => " expression " irb( main ) : 019:0 > defined ?
1+2 => " method " irb( main ) : 020:0 > defined ? : foo => " expression " irb( main ) : 021:0 > defined ?
" foo " => " expression " irb( main ) : 022:0 > defined ?
Array => " constant "
どういう時に使うんだ。
when で配列の展開が使え る
irb ( main ) : 023:0 > case 1 irb( main ) : 024:1 > when *[ 1,2,3 ] irb( main ) : 025:1 > puts " ok " irb( main ) : 026:1 > end ok => nil
まぁ確かに自然ではある。
while 〜do〜endだけでなく、while〜:〜endも許される
irb ( main ) :036:0 > n = 0 => 0 irb( main ) : 037:0 > while n < 3 : irb( main ) : 038:1* puts n irb( main ) : 039:1 > n += 1 irb( main ) : 040:1 > end 0 1 2 => nil
Python使いも安心 追記:1.9では無くなったそうです。
forはeachと同じだが、スコープが違う
for x in [ 1,2,3 ] ... end # ここでxは参照できる [ 1,2,3 ] . each do |y| ... end # ここでy は参照できない ！
補足。eachの呼び出しより前に y=0 などと初期化してあった場合は :
In June of 1984 , the day after California handed Gary Hart a last - minute victory and New Jersey , thanks to Hart 's having insulted the state , voted for Walter Mondale by 15 points , Tad Devine , Mondale 's chief superdelegate counter , was ready .
Worried that Mondale would not meet his pledge to end the primary season with a majority of delegates , Devine and his team made a " frantic " series of phone calls to undeclared party leaders ; by noon , a few dozen superdelegates endorsed Mondale en masse , taking the wind of out Hart 's campaign forever .
Neither the Clinton nor the Obama campaign is clear what the DNC 's rules and bylaws committee will do on May 31 ; depending upon how or whether they re-allocate delegates , Obama could wind up within to 20 to 30 votes of the nomination -- a situation rectifiable by a piddling performance in Puerto RIco , South Dakota and Montana -- or more than 100 delegates short , requiring solid performances in those states plus a few dozen superdelegate endorsements to put him over the top .
To prepare for that eventuality , the Obama campaign has , for the first time , really , begun to bank delegates .
Sources close to the campaign estimate that as many as three dozen Democratic superdelegates have privately pledged to announce their support for Obama on June 4 or 5 .
The campaign is determined that Obama not end the first week in June without securing the support of delegates numbering 2026 -- or 2210 , as the case may be .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Chiesa was in Berlin at the weekend for a screening of his film which features , among others , novelist Gore Vidal and playwright Dario Fo as well as retired American professor of philosophy David Ray Griffin who advances conspiracy theories that contradict mainstream accounts of events of 11 September , 2001 .
Federal Aviation Administration controllers , US Air Force pilots , military commanders and physicists also appear in the critical documentary , which the director hopes will create " political awareness " of the " faulty " official investigation into the events by the 9/11 Commission .
" Some of the individuals appearing in the film are former FBI and CIA agents , people who have in a sense taken a very big risk in speaking out .
I am very grateful to them because they have done a big job , " said Chiesa .
" The film would not have been possible without them , " he said , adding that ZERO had been seen in France and Belgium at individual screenings , and by more than 20,000 people in Italy .
But the film so far has not gained a distributor in Europe .
Pushing for an international tribunal
Chiesa , one of Italy 's most respected journalists and a La Stampa foreign correspondent for more than 20 years , told his Berlin audience an 9/11 international tribunal could serve a useful purpose .
Alternative theories abound about what actually happened at the site of the twin towers
" If feelings were strong enough a positive result could be obtained , but it would not happen immediately .
So far it 's been the US administration that has won the information fight and obtained their result -- unfortunately , " Chiesa said .
" Our task is to inform millions of people of the true situation .
Everybody should be involved in this struggle with a tribunal or commission helping once we win approval for the idea , " he said .
In an interview with German news agency dpa , Chiesa , a European parliamentary deputy , said Russian television is to give prime time airing to his film on the eve of this week 's seventh anniversary of the attacks in New York and Washington .
" That means that some 30 million Russian citizens will learn the truth about what happened , which is a very big result for me . "
Chiesa , whose documentary was first screened to a large German audience at the Goethe Institute in Munich in May , was clearly delighted at his reception in Berlin .
" It 's important that so many people have shown up , " he said .
One of a panel of six experts debating the 9/11 topic in Berlin , Chiesa said he was eager for his film to gain more public support and become a " multiplicator " across Germany .
" If that happens it means we are making politics in the right sense of the word . "
Critics question government version of attacks
Andreas von Buelow , a controversial former German minister of technology , and ex-state secretary in the Defense Ministry , was among the Berlin participants who said further investigation was needed into 9/11 .
He told dpa it was " one of life 's characteristics that governments are prone to lie in order to achieve their agendas .
The Americans told us that in Iraq , Saddam Hussein had something to do with al - Qaeda , which was absolutely untrue .
Even the CIA knew this , " he said .
Some say the US invasion of Iraq on a false pretext is proof of government lies of international events
" Then , they told us that Saddam Hussein was preparing weapons of mass destruction , which was also untrue , so they have been lying all over the place and are still fighting there .
Meanwhile a million people have been killed . "
Asked if there was any prospect of a policy change once the next US president was elected , he replied bluntly " No ! "
Juergen Elsaesser , 51 , a Berlin - based journalist and author whose latest book is titled " Terror Target Europe : The Dangerous Double Game of the Secret Services , " spoke of the huge contradictions in the official US version of the 9/11 events .
" Critics find themselves accused of conspiracy theories , but the biggest conspiracy is to be found in the official 9/11 version of the US government which maintains that Osama bin Laden , from a cave in Afghanistan , along with 19 young Arabs , combined to carry out the most perfidious attack in the history of mankind , " he said .
" That just does n't add up .
For me the most important contradiction is how the air defences of the greatest military power on the planet failed to prevent such attacks occurring and that no interceptor fighter planes or rocket systems were ever activated . "
The WaPo notes the historically unprecedented attempt by a vice - presidential nominee to hide from press accountability :
Mr. McCain is entitled to choose the person he thinks would be best for the job .
He is not entitled to keep the public from being able to make an informed assessment of that judgment .
Ms. Palin's speech - making skills are impressive , but the more she repeats the same stump speech lines , the queasier we get .
Nor have her answers to the gentle questioning she has encountered provided any confidence that Ms. Palin has a grasp of the issues .
There are only a few weeks to go before the United States may pick a potential president who has never given a press conference as a candidate for national office .
This is not a functioning democracy .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Flesh - Eating Robot Research Languishing
Flesh - eating robot research is not progressing as quickly as you might think .
As you will learn , many of the pieces are in place .
First there was SlugBot , a robotic slug catcher that was able to autonomously identify and pick up bothersome garden pests .
But SlugBot is no mere battery - powered toy .
SlugBot could hunt down up to 100 slugs per hours and then use their rotting bodies to generate electricity , thereby keeping itself running .
The choice of prey is deliberate ; a robot must learn to catch slowly oozing prey , before it can run after more agile creatures .
" Slugs are slow , " said Dr. Ian Kelly , SlugBot 's creator .
" You can't expect the speeds of a cheetah chasing a zebra .
Slugs are small and manageable . "
SlugBot picks up its prey and feeds it gently into an on - board hopper .
Although you would n't think that slugs would struggle or fight back , it can be a problem .
" There is a problem with stopping the captured slugs from climbing out , " Kelly said .
" We may utilize a low - energy electronic shock system to keep them in the container . "
After hunting slugs all night , the robot returns to its home base and dumps its victims into a fermentation tank , which turns the slugs into electricity to fuel another night 's work .
Although SlugBot was an improbable winner of Time Magazine 's 2001 Inventions of the Year award , I have n't seen them at my local home and garden store .
But not to worry .
EcoBot - II was developed in 2004 by Melhuish , Greenman , Ieropoulos and Horsfield at the Bristol Robotics Laboratory ( BRL ) in the UK .
EcoBot skips the fermentation tank step and is a fully self - contained predatory robot .
EcoBot - II was able to run for 12 days after being fed 8 houseflies .
However , it should be noted that it did not catch its own flies , relying instead upon willing human servants .
Moving on to larger prey , reporters were alarmed last year when an erstwhile robotic gastronomist , an electromechanical sommelier , was created ; the robot was able to identify wines , cheeses , meats and hors d'oeuvres .
So far so good .
However , when a reporter placed his hand in the robot's jaw receptors , he was identified as bacon .
When a cameraman tried the same test , he was identified as prosciutto .
This past year , French researchers have created an artificial mouth , to allow robots to taste in a rigorous way for the first time .
 The artificial mouth is composed of a sample container ( 600 mL ) , a notched plunger , and variable - speed motors to control precisely the speed of compression and rotation movements .
The container is maintained at 37 °C by means of a laboratory thermostat ( Bioblock Scientific ) via an outer layer .
The container is sealed with a cap maintained by a circlip . 
Chewing is one thing , but could a robot even consume larger prey ?
You 're wondering , I know .
Take a look at this " rescue robot " that is able to consume a reclining human ( watch where you nap ) .
Anyway , it seems to me that the pieces are all in place .
Perhaps we should be grateful that , on this occasion , the wheels of progress are moving more slowly .
Thanks to Moira for suggesting this story .
Scroll down for more stories in the same category .
( Story submitted 7/16/2008 )
Follow this kind of news @ Technovelgy .
| Email | RSS | Blog It | Stumble | del.icio.us | Digg | Reddit |
Would you like to contribute a story tip ?
It 's easy :
Get the URL of the story , and the related sf author , and add it here .
Comment / Join discussion ( 0 )
Related News Stories - ( " Robotics " )
Salto Jumping Robot Now Sticks Landing !
' Lucky touched the leap knob and the hopper 's leg retracted . ' - Isaac Asimov , 1954 .
It 's Time For Robots With Soft , Sensitive Skin
Sure , solid metal skin robots looked great once - like in science fiction movies of the 1920's .
Microscopic Robots On The March !
' Microscopic machinery , smaller than ants , smaller than pins , working energetically , purposefully ...' - Philip K. Dick , 1955 .
MOFLIN AI Robot - Yes You Can Have A Tribble
They 're really no tribble at all !
Web TechNovelgy.com
Currency From United States Dollar ( USD ) Australian Dollar ( AUD ) Canadian Dollar ( CAD ) European Union Euro ( EUR ) British Pound ( GBP ) Japanese Yen ( JPY ) Swiss Franc ( CHF ) U.A.E. Dirham ( AED ) Argentine Peso ( ARS ) Bulgarian Lev ( BGN ) Bahrain Dinar ( BHD ) Chilean Peso ( CLP ) Chinese Yuan ( CNY ) Costa Rican Colon ( CRC ) Czech Koruna ( CZK ) Danish Krone ( DKK ) Dominican Peso ( DOP ) Estonian Kroon ( EEK ) Egyptian Pound ( EGP ) Fiji Dollar ( FJD ) Guatemala Quetzal ( GTQ ) Hong Kong Dollar ( HKD ) Honduran Lempir ( HNL ) Croatian Kuna ( HRK ) Haiti Gourde ( HTG ) Hungarian Forint ( HUF ) Indonesian Rupiah ( IDR ) Israeli Shekel ( ILS ) Indian Rupee ( INR ) Icelandic Krona ( ISK ) Korean Won ( KRW ) Kuwaiti Dinar ( KWD ) Lithuanian Litas ( LTL ) Latvian Lats ( LVL ) Moroccan Dirham ( MAD ) Mexican Peso ( MXN ) Malaysian Ringgit ( MYR ) Nigerian Naira ( NGN ) Nicaraguan Cordoba ( NIO ) Norwegian Krone ( NOK ) New Zealand Dollar ( NZD ) Omani Rial ( OMR ) Peruvian Nuevo Sol ( PEN ) Philippine Peso ( PHP ) Polish Zloty ( PLN ) Qatar Riyal ( QAR ) Russian Ruble ( RUB ) Swedish Krona ( SEK ) Singapore Dollar ( SGD ) Tunisian Dinar ( TND ) Taiwan Dollar ( TWD ) French Pacific ( XPF ) South African Rand ( ZAR )
Select the currency that you want to convert
Currency From Amount 1 CAD = 0.74529 USD
The amount of currency you want to convert
Syria 's Foreign Minister Walid al - Moualem waves upon his arrival to attend the parliamentary session for the presidential election in Beirut May 25 , 2008 ..
REUTERS / Mohamed Azakir
ROME ( Reuters ) -
The “ war on terror ” declared by U.S. President George W. Bush after the September 11 , 2001 attacks has caused more terrorism than it prevented , Syria ’s foreign minister said on Thursday .
On the seventh anniversary of the attacks on the United States , Walid al - Moualem said Washington had ignored Syria ’s advice not to rely on force to stop terrorism .
“ As we said to President Bush shortly after the tragic events on September 11 , the fight against terrorism must begin at the roots , at the cause of terrorism , ” al - Moualem told a news conference in Rome , where he was meeting Italy ’s foreign minister .
“ The last thing we should use if that fails is the use of force , as a last resort .
Unfortunately they have made the use of force the beginning and the end of the fight against terrorism and thus terrorism is much more widespread today than before . ”
Syria is viewed with suspicion and hostility by Washington for its closeness to Iran and its support of Lebanese militant group Hezbollah , classified as a terrorist organization by the United States .
“ Hezbollah and ( Palestinian group ) Hamas are not terrorists , they are national resistance movements against occupation , ” al - Moualem said .
“ Whilst there is occupation there will be national resistance movements . ”
With the mediation of Turkey , Syria is in indirect peace talks with Israel in which one of its key demands is that Israel return all of the Golan Heights it seized during the Six - Day War in 1967 .
Nearly 3,000 people were killed on September 11 , 2001 , when four hijacked airliners crashed into the World Trade Center in New York , the Pentagon in Washington and a field in Pennsylvania .
The attacks spurred the United States to oust the Taliban government in Afghanistan which was hosting al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and to invade Iraq , which it suspected of creating weapons of mass destruction .
TPM Reader JB gets it …
The current stunt is certainly at the top of the list , but I think there is another aspect of his rash decision to suspend the Republican National Convention that has not been commented on enough .
It was n’t just that he truncated the convention .
It was that his campaign leaked that he might give his acceptance speech by live feed from the disaster zone .
As if he , John S. McCain III , somehow had to be there …… doing what ?
Commandeering FEMA ?
This idea that McCain had to be there in the disaster zone instead of addressing his party in St.
Paul is in some ways even more ridiculous than the notion that only he could save the Wall Street bailout and that the only way to do that is to “ suspend ” his campaign .
( Although as you and John Aravosis point out , he has a funny way of suspending his campaign given that he ’s doing everything he was planning on doing anyway , except debating Obama . )
We Welcome Disillusioned Obama Supporters
Were you drawn to the Nader website because Obama broke his word to you on FISA / Telecom ?
Or was it because his vote not only immunized and concealed blatantly criminal conduct , but helped lay the legal foundation for a future police state ?
Or perhaps it was simply his new fundraisers , where the price of admission exceeds $ 30,000 ?
No matter .
You are here now .
Seduced and abandoned .
We all know the stages of grief , but we are also serious people , and we are not at a funeral , we are in a fight , a fight for justice in our country and our world .
For now — at least — stand with Ralph Nader .
Our campaign has far more promise than you have been led to believe .
With only a modest increase in our poll numbers , Obama and McCain will be debating Nader this fall .
Google and YouTube are sponsoring a debate in New Orleans , and the bar is set at 10 % support .
Nader is at 6 % and growing .
Such an event could bring a seismic shift in our politics , because the public is far more progressive than the corporate media would have us believe .
Nader ’s platform is the real center .
There remains a more tantalizing possibility : Such a debate could create a genuine 3 - way race .
Today , 14 % of voters say they would support Nader if he was competitive , and forcing open one debate could open them all .
You know that Nader is responsible for seatbelts and airbags , but did you also know that he led the campaign against nuclear power , an effort that has blocked the construction of new nuclear plants in America for more than 30 years ?
You may know that he is largely responsible for the Clean Air Act , the Clean Water Act , and the Freedom of Information Act , but did you know that in recent years he secured cheap , generic AIDS drugs for India ?
Nader became an American hero when be brought General Motors to its knees by exposing their campaign to intimidate and smear him for having written about auto safety .
Since then , he has founded more than 100 public interest groups .
His impact and accomplishments dwarf those of his opponents .
His is a story worth repeating , and his campaign is worthy of your support .
Those most impressed with Nader are those who have known him the longest .
He will never flatter you , never pander to you , never betray you .
Gregory Kafoury
( CNN ) --
Got an idea that could change the world , or at least help a lot of people ?
Google wants to hear from you -- and it will pay as much as $ 10 million to make your idea a reality .
Google Inc. will award $ 10 million to solicit ideas it believes could benefit the world .
To help celebrate its 10th birthday , the ambitious Internet giant is launching an initiative to solicit , and bankroll , fresh ideas that it believes could have broad and beneficial impact on people 's lives .
Called Project 10^100 ( pronounced " 10 to the 100th " ) , Google 's initiative will seek input from the public and a panel of judges in choosing up to five winning ideas , to be announced in February .
Google announced the project live on CNN on Wednesday morning .
" These ideas can be big or small , technology - driven or brilliantly simple -- but they need to have impact , " Google said in a news release .
" We know there are countless brilliant ideas that need funding and support to come to fruition . "
Those are ideas such as the Hippo Water Roller , which Google cited as the kind of concept the company would be interested in rewarding .
Developed in Africa , where it is most used , the Hippo Water Roller is a barrel - shaped container , attached to a handle , that holds 24 gallons of water and can be rolled with little effort like a wheelbarrow , making it easier for villagers on foot to transport critically needed fresh water to their homes .
Do n't Miss Google turns 10 , raises monopoly concerns
Google turns 10 , raises monopoly concerns Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
People are encouraged to submit their ideas , in any of 25 languages , at www.project10tothe100.com through October 20 .
Entrants must briefly describe their idea and answer six questions , including , " If your idea were to become a reality , who would benefit the most and how ? "
Google employees , with the help of an advisory board , will narrow the submissions to 100 semifinalists by January 27 .
Between January 27 and February 2 , the public will vote online for their favorite ideas .
A panel of as - yet - unnamed judges will then review the top 20 ideas and announce up to five winners in mid-February .
Funding , from a pool of $ 10 million , will be awarded in May .
If the judges decide to reward five winning ideas , each will receive $ 2 million .
If only two ideas are chosen , each will receive $ 5 million , and so on .
A Google spokeswoman was reluctant to set parameters for the submissions , although the project 's
Web site suggests that successful ideas should address such issues as providing food and shelter , building communities , improving health , granting more access to education , sustaining the global ecosystem and promoting clean energy .
" We do n't want to limit it at all .
We want a wide range of ideas , " said Bethany Poole , product marketing manager at Google , who announced the project Wednesday on CNN along with Andy Berndt , managing director of Google 's Creative Lab .
" We think great ideas come from anywhere . "
To cite Google 's own example , Google News began after the September 11 terrorist attacks , when an engineer became frustrated that he could n't aggregate news sources from around the world in one place .
By opening the project to anyone -- not just laboratories or universities -- Google is embracing " crowdsourcing , " the Internet - age notion that the collective wisdom of mass audiences can be leveraged to find solutions to design tasks .
Project 10^100 is not unlike the Google - sponsored Lunar X PRIZE , a $ 30 million international competition to safely land a robot on the surface of the moon , travel 500 meters over the lunar surface , and send images and data back to Earth .
The first team to land on the moon and complete the mission objectives will be awarded $ 20 million .
At least 16 teams are competing .
Those who submit winning Project 10^100 ideas will not be required to have the technical expertise to implement them , Poole said .
Google has not determined how winning projects will be sustained financially after the initial prize money runs out , she said .
People may submit more than one idea .
Through its online submissions , Google also hopes to connect people with good ideas to charitable organizations who could help implement them , Poole said .
All About Google Inc. • X PRIZE Foundation
I ’m Pedr , an experienced Front End Developer and Designer based in Newcastle Upon Tyne in the North of England .
I love concise , readable and well tested code and minimal design where content is king .
I ’ve been working as a freelance designer and developer for over ten years and I ’m well versed in JavaScript , CSS ( including Sass and Styled Components ) and a good chunk of Rails .
I ’ve also developed some non-trivial iOS apps ( though not for a while ) .
Over the years I ’ve worked for a huge variety of clients from high - street fashion brands , high - end design agencies and startups to NGOs and theatre companies , on websites and both web and mobile apps .
I ’m a big fan of CSS - in - JS and functional programming and I am one of the core contributors to Ramda Adjunct , the most popular extension library for Ramda , the gold standard in JavaScript FP , and I ’ve contributed to a number of other open - source projects including Gatsby .
I have recently taken some time out to improve my skills through working on a number of my own open - source projects including :
cssapi provides sites and apps using CSS - in - JS with a simple mechanism for defining , managing and accessing values used throughout their styles and across breakpoints , improving consistency and flexibility .
gatsby - starter - skeleton is a full - featured starter for use with Gatsby .
gatsby - plugin - node - fields is a plugin for Gatsby offering a simple API for defining defaults , transforming and validating node values .
folktale - validations is a comprehensive functional validation framework for simple value and recursive - object validation and transformation using Folktale ’s Validation Monad and supporting object schemas .
cssapi-mq is a fully - featured and flexible API for rendering Media Queries in CSS - in - JS applications .
jasmine - multline - matchers are a set of Jest / Jasmine matchers for matching against multi-line strings .
grid - model is a small library for modelling a grid and accessing its metrics .
If you ’d like to see the code I write you can take a look at my Github and to see what I ’ve been stuggling with recently have a look at my Stack Overflow Profile ( I ’m in the top 2 % of contributors and my questions and answers have reached around 1.6 million people ) .
Last year I co-edited the official Webpack book SurviveJS : Webpack written by Juho Vepsäläinen , one of the core Webpack team .
Alongside writing code I sometimes do print work , photography and the occasional music video which you can see over at my other site unwalked .com .
Who could have foreseen that Alaska 's infamous " bridge to nowhere " would become the presidential campaign 's debating point du jour ?
The surprise spotlight on the project speaks volumes about how the race has been transformed .
As many commentators have noted , Barack Obama and his aides have been less than sure - footed in calculating how -- and to what degree -- they should directly engage Sarah Palin .
Initially , Obama and his staff sought to keep their focus on the top of the Republican ticket ( that would be John McCain for those who may have forgotten )
But as Palin- mania has sustained itself , that strategy has appeared to ignore reality .
And today , perhaps in a sign of an altered response , the Obama camp and its allies came out firing on one front , hotly disputing the credit Palin takes for turning down federal funding for that proposed bridge in the Land of the Midnight Sun .
Since McCain tapped her as his running mate on Aug. 29 ( hard to believe that was less than two weeks ago ) Palin at every opportunity -- using virtually the same phrasing -- has told crowds that as governor of Alaska , " I told Congress , ' Thank but no thanks for that bridge to nowhere . ' "
She re-ran the line again today at a rally in Lebanon , Ohio .
But she did so in the face of a release from the Obama forces noting that a plethora of reporting shows her stance on the project -- which would have connected the small city of Ketchikan to the even smaller island of Gravina -- is n't so black - and - white .
The first story cited in the Obama release , tellingly , ran in the Wall Street Journal today .
It 's headline : " Record Contradicts Palin's ' Bridge ' Claim . "
The release also points out that the independent PolitiFact.com came to the same conclusion recently .
( The group has an update on the bridge dispute . )
Joining the Obama effort to deconstruct Palin 's position on the project is a posting on the ThinkProgress.org web site -- a sign that liberal advocacy groups are fully engaged on the issue .
[ UPDATE : Conservative groups are having their say , as well .
The anti-tax Club for Growth put out a release today scorning Obama for " hypocrisy " on the bridge issue .
It notes that in 2005 , he voted against a Senate amendment to thwart funding for the project .
We checked with the office of the amendment 's sponsor , Republican Sen .
Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , and learned that he proposed re-routing the money to help repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina .
Obama was one of 82 senators to vote against the amendment ( obscurely described in congressional records ) ; only 15 supported it .
Missing the vote : McCain .
-- Don Frederick
Photo credit : Associated Press
Everyday Waste to Become Gasoline
August 25th , 2008 by Joshua S Hill
An agreement between Texas Engineering Experiment Station ( TEES ) and Byogy Renewables Inc , has renewed hopes of a future where gasoline prices are back within everyone ’s grasp .
And according to those involved , the process could become a reality within the next two years .
“ This technology is important because it addresses many issues – eliminating waste , producing economical fuel quickly and being friendly to our environment , ” said Dr. Kenneth Hall , associate director of TEES .
“ It ’s a win - win for industry and consumers .
Furthermore , this technology is ready to be commercialized now and does not require any new scientific or technological breakthroughs to become a reality . ”
Hall , also the Jack E. & Frances Brown Chair and professor in the Artie McFerrin Department of Chemical Engineering at Texas A&M University , developed the process of converting biomass to high - octane gasoline with colleagues Mark T. Holtzapple , a professor in chemical engineering , and Sergio A. Capareda , a professor in biological and agricultural engineering .
The team believes that the “ advanced process is possibly the only integrated system that converts biomass directly to gasoline , ” rather than requiring a third step like many other processes , that convert biomass in to alcohol before blending it with gasoline .
The process makes use of a range of materials including garbage , biosolids from wastewater treatment plants , green waste such as lawn clippings , food waste , and any type of livestock manure .
This new process also has additional benefits , apart from its apparent ease of production .
It does not require food crops such as corn , thus it will not put a strain on food supplies .
The process could also utilize non-food / feed crops grown specifically for biomass energy .
In addition , as mentioned above by Hall , the technology already exists to make it commercially feasible .
“ Our goal with this technology is to achieve as much as a 2 percent contribution to the nation¿s gasoline demand by 2022 through the building of 200 more bio-refineries , ” said Benjamin J. Brant , President and Chief Technology Officer of Byogy .
“ We firmly believe the TEES technology combined with the Byogy team offers this possibility . ”
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
I had a fantastic experience at my first visit .
The staff was extremely pleasant and made me feel very comfortable with all of their precautionary COVID measures they had in place .
I would highly recommend this office to anyone in the market for a new dentist .
In SBCL , ASDF hooks into the REQUIRE mechanism so you can type ( require ' mysystem ) .
On other systems you can also figure out a way to hook REQUIRE , so you can avoid typing ( asdf:oos ' asdf:load- op ' mysystem ) .
I got tired of trying to figure out how to do this in different ways on different Lisp systems , so below is a file I 've been loading from my init files to get consistent , concise ASDF loading across implementations .
It also adds a crude registry maintenance system and a way to reload a system without using : FORCE .
: FORCE has the downside of recompiling and reloading all other dependencies , which is never what I want .
It 's a work in progress , but so far I 've been pretty happy using ( asdf:load * ' mysystem ) and ( asdf:reload ' mysystem ) .
YMMV .
( require ' asdf ) ( in - package # :asdf ) ( export '( load* reload register register - permanently ) ) ( defvar * registry - file * ( merge - pathnames ( make - pathname : directory '( : relative " asdf " ) : name " registry " : type " sexp " ) ( user - homedir - pathname ) ) ) ( eval - when ( : compile - toplevel : load - toplevel : execute ) ( let ( ( registry ( probe - file * registry - file * ) ) ) ( when registry ( with - open - file ( stream registry ) ( loop for form = ( read stream nil ) while form do ( push form * central - registry * ) ) ( setf * central - registry * ( remove - duplicates * central - registry * : test #'equalp ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun load * ( system &key verbose ) ( oos ' load - op system : verbose verbose ) t) ( defun reload ( system ) ( let ( ( name ( coerce - name system ) ) ) ( remhash name * defined - systems * ) ( load* name ) ) ) ( defun register ( form ) ( pushnew form * central - registry * : test #'equalp ) ) ( defun register - permanently ( form ) ( register form ) ( ensure - directories - exist * registry - file * ) ( with - open - file ( stream * registry - file * : direction :output :if-exists : append :if - does - not - exist : create ) ( prin1 form stream ) ( terpri stream ) ) ) ;;;
Automatically recompile stale FASLs ( handler - bind ( ( style - warning #' muffle - warning ) ) ( defmethod perform : around ( ( o load - op ) ( c cl- source - file ) ) ( handler - case ( call - next - method o c ) ( #+sbcl sb-ext : invalid - fasl #- sbcl error ( ) ( perform ( make- instance ' compile - op ) c ) ( call - next - method ) ) ) ) )
Do you have any ugly local hacks that you think are n't polished enough to share , but that make your life much easier ?
Share them anyway , and let 's clean them up and use them and improve life everywhere .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
09/24/2008
Okay , we do n't need to say ' homophobic ' -- we 'll just say ' not AT ALL with us on our issues !'
by Jeremy Hooper
The Log Cabin Republicans are all kinds of mad at Mike Rogers and Michelangelo Signorile because of the Mike -y duo's decision to highlight the fact that an openly gay man , Mark Buse , serves as John McCain 's chief of staff .
Speaking to the matter , LCR's Scott Tucker has posted the following to LCR 's official blog :
[ T[his political stunt by Mike Rogers just proves what Log Cabin has been saying for years .
John McCain is an inclusive Republican who hires the best people , regardless of sexual orientation .
Also , can we please stop childishly lobbing the “ homophobic ” insult at Republicans who do n’t agree with us on every issue ?
Rogers and his crowd keep saying McCain is “ homophobic ” or “ anti-gay . ”
Words mean things .
Calling John McCain homophobic does n’t make it so .
The truth is , Sen. John McCain is anything but homophobic .
This is a man who has a record of hiring gay staff members–as evidenced by this recent “ bombshell . ”
And you know what ?
We would actually agree that " homophobic " is sometimes misused .
But let 's not sidestep the real issue in order to gain political ground .
And that issue , regardless of terminology ?
That John McCain , despite what LCR desperately wants you to believe , is not a Republican who simply does n't " agree with us on every issue . "
John McCain is a Republican who is against VIRTUALLY EVERY GAY RIGHTS MEASURE ON THE TABLE :
Translation :
If a few more states obtain marriage equality -- which they will in the next our to eight years -- and DOMA goes away -- which the vast majority of gay people would like it to -- it is a near certainty that you would see a President McCain who supports some sort of an FMA .
You know , because we would n't want " armageddon . "
- Palin scares us even more
And hiring gay staffers does nothing to negate these points .
In fact , it can be argued that the hirings make his record and positions worse !
So while we have not and will not weigh in on the merits of the Buse " outing , " we also will not stop calling LCR into question for trying to paint McCain - Palin as an " inclusive " ticket .
To us , THAT " political stunt " only highlights the Log Cabin Republican 's willingness to throw in the interest of partisan politics .
And quite frankly , it has made this site lose CONSIDERABLE respect for an organization with which we have always had an amicable relationship !
The Politics of Personal Destruction at its Worst [ BlogCabin ]
Your thoughts
I also agree the term " homophobic " is misused .
Or should I say many gay rights leaders , such as the HRC , tackles so - called " homophobes " who do n't amount to a hill of beans = the best example being Isaiah Washington .
Who cares about him , and who cares that he called somebody a slur on the set of some show ?
TR Knight is a big boy , can take care of himself , and makes enough $ $ that he does n't even need the rights of average GLBT citizens .
Knight can BUY his gay rights .
And besides - since when has TR Knight stood up for us little people ?
It 's a shame many gay rights leaders wo n't even bother with the REAL homophobes , likely because ( a ) they 're chicken , and ( b ) going after anti-gay politicians wo n't be a star - studded event .
It 's also self - defeating that HRC handed money over to the Log Cabinettes , which surely got funneled right into McCain / Palin 's campaign .
I 've already warned my roomie ( a loyal Obama supporter , unlike myself ) that if I catch him writing another check to HRC , he 's going to forfeit his hand .
Posted by : Scott | Sep 24 , 2008 1:36:00 PM
HMMMM Blog Cabin does n't allow even monitored comments ?
Gee how rational is that .
Good piece JH ... you wo n't need you PM cuppa after getting that worked up .
Posted by : LOrion | Sep 24 , 2008 1:38:07 PM
I agree .
Whatever your opinions about gays supporting the Republican Party , it is infinately worse to be selling out your values just to make political hay ( or meet other hot Republicans ?
Who knows anymore . )
John McCain is no friend of the gays and rather than abstain or God forbid , support Barack Obama , the LCR negates all of their talk about " working from within " by actively supporting a completely anti-gay ticket !
LCR seems to think that since the GOP is n't arresting , firing , or lynching gay people that they are inclusive and open .
Sorry , my limbo pole is set a lot lower than that .
In this situation , ca n't you smell the whiff of the GOP supporting Palin - when only days before she was nominated the GOP was the party of Steady Experience , War Heroes , and International Cred ?
What happened to these smart people ?
They completely sold out and lost all all integrity when they saw they were losing .
Shameful .
All my Republican family members feel the same way ; though they 're not thrilled about Obama they are disgusted with the way these Republicans flushed their essential identifying characteristics - their conservitism - and became the media whores they lambasted in the Democratic Party .
Posted by : Sykler | Sep 24 , 2008 2:25:50 PM
I am surprised that the Dupont Pig still has a job .
I have been waiting for the press release :
We were shocked and saddened to learn that for several years we have unwittingly had in our employ the infamous Dupont Pig !
We thought that the leather sling in his office was just a therapeutic device for an old back injury .
We have since taken swift action to rectify this situation !
Thank you , and vote Palin - McCain on Nov. 4 .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Sep 24 , 2008 2:49:58 PM
McCain is SEFL DESTRUCTING right before our eyes ... well not on Friday , cuz now he 's wants out of the debate ... ca n't think of two things at once .
epublican John McCain said Wednesday he wants to delay Friday 's debate with Democratic rival Barack Obama and temporarily put aside their partisan campaign to resolve the nation 's financial crisis .
... and why would they need he and his lobby cronies in Washington ???
To get their cut of the pie I guess , after all they are the ones that caused all this to begin with .
... also reported is that entire campaign is stopped ... and he does not look well .
Posted by : LOrion | Sep 24 , 2008 3:41:10 PM
And how about this one on WAPO
BOLD step from McCain .
He does really care about the people and not his own personal ambition .
I am a Hillary supporter , and was not sure who to vote for .
This seals my vote for McCain .
I believe in his slogan now , Country First .
Posted by : J Smith | September 24 , 2008 3:25 PM
-------------------------
Oh my goodness , there is someone dumber than Sarah Palin ???
Great one !
CLUCK , CLUCK , CLUCK ... can he even spell chicken ??
Posted by : LOrion | Sep 24 , 2008 3:44:37 PM
New Washington Post / ABC
News poll out : " The poll found that , among likely voters , Obama now leads McCain by 52 percent to 43 percent . "
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/09/23/AR2008092303667_pf.html
Polls are notoriously unreliable !
But , since 2006 , there has been an increase in the number of registered Democrats of 2,000,000 and corresponding decrease of 344,000 Republicans ( in the 28 or 26 ?? ) states that register based on party affiliation .
All of these factors seem to bode poorly for the Palin / McCain ticket .
And , since McCain has just pulled out of the Presidential Debate , and has places a " moratorium " on his attack - ads , it begs the question , " Has the old man given up ? "
Granted , there are a lot of reasons that could contribute to his decision to pull out of the debate .
He may suspect that it will not be beneficial to his campaign - since the more he talks , the more voters abandon him .
Or , maybe he is exhausted physically , I mean , he is a really ollllld man .
Or , maybe he wants to seem more like he is " in charge " of this financial meltdown , though the phrase that I would use in more like " at least partly responsible for " this financial meltdown .
Or , maybe he wants to seem more like he " gives a crap " about the economy .
And , there are probably a dozen other possible reasons for pulling out of the debate .
But none of them would answer why he wants to stop his campaign , or stop his attack - ads .
The cynical side of me wants to muse upon the notion that the old man is convinced that he is going to lose , and is saving up his war - chest for his retirement .
But , at the same time the possibility that he is planning some kind of all - out assault for the end of October also enters my mind .
I guess time will tell , but it certainly is an interesting turn of events .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Sep 24 , 2008 5:59:49 PM
Sorry , but your comments do n't make any sense .
Log Cabin has already issued a statement saying Buse was n't " outed " at all since he has always been open about his orientation .
GayPatriot and GayPatriotWest quickly made similar pronouncements .
Of course , they then immediately decried liberals for being monstrous and vicious in this outrageous form of " politics of personal destruction . "
Notice anything ?
The only way the Cabinette 's victimhood makes sense is if you assume that merely being gay is something extremely nasty and horrifying .
By definition , Cabinettes are perpetuating some of the most homphobic stereotypes imaginable .
Posted by : Hal | Sep 25 , 2008 2:44:09 AM
" Sorry , but your comments do n't make any sense . "
Whose comments , Hal ?
And why ?
I do n't understand your point in the first paragraph .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Sep 25 , 2008 7:17:05 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
In a step that has me completely baffled , but may do a measure in redeeming him in the eyes of the environmentally friendly , President George W Bush has sent a memo to cabinet secretaries proposing the designation of two new marine national monuments within US jurisdiction .
The proposed monuments – loosely termed ; as far as I can tell there will be no massive brass or bronze statues anywhere – are the Central Pacific Islands and areas around the Northern Mariana Islands .
One of the monuments , the Central Pacific Islands , would equate to a size four and a half times all the US National Parks , and measure in at close to the size of Alaska .
The area would include eight islands and coral reef atolls in the Line Islands and American Samoa , and their surrounding waters .
The second area would cover parts of the Northern Mariana Islands , located in the Western Pacific , including the area that is known as the Mariana Trench , the deepest yet recorded part of our planet ’s oceans .
The president of the Environmental Defense Fund , Fred Krupp , commented , saying that “ The president is on the cusp of conserving more ocean territory than any leader has ever done .
That ’s an amazing legacy to leave the nation . ”
He went on to add that the “ President ’s focus on ocean protection , first with Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument in Hawaii and now with these proposed monuments , is the kind of leadership we need now and from future presidents to ensure our world beneath the waves is protected , explored , studied and cherished . ”
One of the areas within the Central Pacific Islands region , Kingman Reef , has recently been the focus of intense study .
What researchers found was that Kingman Reef was “ … a picture - perfect healthy coral ecosystem that contained more fish than any other coral reef ecosystem in the world . ”
The study also discovered that the area contained “ … the world ’s greatest proportion of top predators ( including sharks ) , a key indicator of ecosystem health . ”
“ There are very few places on earth like the Central Pacific Islands , ” said David Festa , vice president , Oceans at EDF .
“ It is a place that time forgot : spectacular wildlife , stunning beauty and almost no people or even human activity .
A monument designation will celebrate and protect this extraordinary place . ”
While Bush noted that consideration would be provided for energy development , mining , and fishing , the EDF hopes that the areas will receive full protection .
Without it , such activities “ … could harm the seabirds , turtles , and other wildlife that lives in these areas . ”
Such a decision could be made by the time Bush leaves office .
Related Posts :
Quotes sourced from EDF Press Release
Image Credit J.E. Maragos of the Palmyra Atoll via EDF
They 've leaked , of course .
And they 're not pretty :
" This trooper is still out on the street , in fact he 's been promoted , " said a Feb.
7 , 2007 , e-mail sent from Palin 's personal Yahoo account and written to give Monegan permission to speak on a violent - crime bill before the state legislature ...
" He 's still bragging about it in my hometown and after another cop confessed to witnessing the [ moose ] kill , the trooper was ' investigated ' for over a year and merely given a slap on the wrist , " the e-mail said .
" Though he 's out there arresting people today for the same crime ! "
" He threatened to kill his estranged wife 's parent , refused to be transferred to rural Alaska and continued to disparage Natives in words and tone , he continues to harass and intimidate his ex. -- even after being slapped with a restraining order that was lifted when his supervisors intervened , " the e-mail said .
" He threatens to always be able to come out on top because he's ' got the badge ' , etc. etc. etc . ) "
The key point , however , is that Palin clearly was n't straightforward in addressing the matter :
Palin has said previously that she discussed Wooten with Monegan only in the context of security concerns for the family .
Monegan has said that Palin never directly told him to fire Wooten but that the message was clearly conveyed through repeated messages from Palin , her husband and three members of her Cabinet .
" To allege that I , or any member of my family . . . directed disciplinary action be taken against any employee of the Department of Public Safety , is , quite simply , outrageous , " Palin said in a statement in mid-July after Monegan 's dismissal .
In August , Palin acknowledged that " pressure could have been perceived to exist , although I have only now become aware of it . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
On the computation of the n'th decimal digit
of various transcendental numbers .
by Simon Plouffe
November 30 , 1996
Revised in March 2003
Abstract
We outline a method for computing the n'th decimal ( or any other base )
digit of Pi in C *n ^3 * log ( n ) ^3 time and with very little memory .
The
computation is based on the recently discovered Bailey - Borwein - Plouffe
algorithm and the use of a new algorithm that simply splits an ordinary
fraction into its components .
The algorithm can be used to compute other
numbers like Zeta ( 3 ) , Pi*sqrt ( 3 ) , Pi^2 and 2 / sqrt ( 5 ) * log( tau ) where tau
is the golden ratio .
The computation can be achieved without having to
compute the preceeding digits .
We claim that the algorithm has a more
theoretical rather than practical interest , we have not found a faster
algorithm , nor have we proven that one does not exist .
The formula for Pi used is
infinity
----- n 2
\ n 2 ( n ! )
) ---------- = Pi + 3 ( 1 )
/ ( 2 n ) !
-----
n = 1
* Introduction
* Key observation and the Splitting Algorithm
* Other numbers
* Conclusion
* Bibliography
Introduction
The computation of the n'th digit of irrational or transcendental
numbers was considered either impossible or as difficult to compute
as the number itself .
Last year ( 1995 ) [ BBP ] , have found a new way
of computing the n'th binary digit of various constants like Pi
and log ( 2 ) .
An intensive computer search was then carried out to find if
that algorithm could be used to compute a number in an arbitrary
base .
We present here a way of computing the n'th decimal digit
of Pi ( or any other base ) by using more time than the [ BBP ]
algorithm but still with very little memory .
Key observation and formula
The observation is that a fraction 1 / ( a*b ) can be split into
k1/a + k2 /b by using the continued fraction algorithm of a /b .
Here a and b are two prime powers .
This is equivalent to having
to solve a diophantine equation for k1 and k2 - it is always
possible to do so if ( a , b ) = 1 , see [ HW ] if they have no common
factor .
If we have more than 2 prime factors then it can be
done by doing 2 at the time and then using the result to combine
with the third element .
This way an arbitrary big integer M
can be split into small elements .
If we impose the conditions
on M of having only small factors ( meaning that the biggest
prime power size is of the order of a computer word ) , then
an arbitrary M can be represented .
If this is true then a number
of known series and numbers
can then be evaluated .
For example the expression 1 / C ( 2*n , n ) ,
the central binomials satisfies that : the prime powers of
this number are small when n is big .
Example :
1/C( 100,50 ) = 1/100891344545564193334812497256 =
1
-------------------------------------------------------
3 4
2 * 3 *11*13*17*19*29*31*53*59*61*67*71*73*79*83*89*97
Now if we take 2 elements at the time and solve the simple
diophantine equation and proceed this way
1 ) 1/( a*b ) = k1/a + k2 /b
2 ) ( k1/a + k2 / b ) / c = m1 /a + m 2/b + m3 /
c
3 ) we proceed with the next element .
At each step the constants k1 and k2 are determined by simply
expanding a/b into a continued fraction and keeping the ' before
last ' continuant , later m1 , m2 and m3 are determined the same
way .
Having finished with that number we quickly arrive at a
number which is ( modulo 1 ) the same number but represented as
a sum of only small fractions .
So , 1/100891344545564193334812497256 =
-3/8 - 61/81 - 1/11 - 11/13 - 4/17 - 9/19 - 25/29 - 26/31 +
23/53 + 41/59 + 29/61 + 37/67 + 33/71 + 19/73 + 36/79 + 7/83
+ 13/89 + 88/97
The time taken to compute this expression is log (n ) * n ^2 , log(n )
being the time spent to compute with the euclidian algorithm
on each number .
We did not take into account the time spent on
finding what is the next prime in the expression simply because
we can consider ( at least for the
moment ) that the applicability of the algorithm is a few thousands
digits and so the time to compute a prime is really a matter
of a few seconds in that range for the whole process .
Since we
know by advance what is the maximal prime there could be in
C ( 2*n , n ) then we can do it with a greedy algorithm that pulls
out the factors until we reach 2*n ,
and this can be done without having to compute the actual number
which would obviously not fit into a small space .
It can be
part of the loop without having to store any number apart from
the current n. For any p in binomial ( 2*n , n ) the maximal
exponent is ( as Robert Israel pointed out ) .
2 n
-----
\ / 2 n n \
) | [---] - [---] |
/ | k k |
----- \ p p /
k = 1
Equivalently , for p = 2 it gives the number of ' 1 ' in the binary
expansion of n , for p = 3 there is another clue with the ternary
expansion of the number and the number of times the pattern ' 12 '
appears .
Now looking at the sum ( 1/ C ( 2*n,n ) , n=1..infinity ) , we
can say that the series is essentially Pi*sqrt ( 3 ) since it differs
only by 4/9* Pi*sqrt ( 3 ) + 1/3 , since these are 2 small rationals
we can use BBP algorithm to carry the computation to an arbitrary
position in almost no time .
Having n / C ( 2*n , n ) instead of ( 1 ) only
simplifies the process .
To compute the final result of each term we need only few memory
elements ,
* 1 for the partial sum so far .
( evaluated later
with the BBP algorithm ) .
* 4 for the current fractions k1 / a and k2/b .
* 2 for the next element to be evaluated : 1/c .
* 1 for n itself .
So with as little as 8 memory elements the sum for each term
of ( 1 ) can be carried out a without having to store any number
greater than a computer word in log(n ) time , adding this for
each element the total cost for ( 1 ) is then n^3 * log ( n ) .
The next thing we have to consider is that , if we have an
arbitrary large M and if M has only small factors then 1/M
can be computed .
First , we need to represent 1 / M as
Sum ( a( i ) / p( i ) **( j ) , i=1..k ) where p( i ) ^( j ) is a prime
power and a ( i ) is smaller than p ( i ) ^( j ) .
If we have 2 ^n / M then by using the binary method on each
element of the representation of 1/ M with ( 2 ) is possible
in log ( n ) time .
Again if we do n't want to store the element
of ( 2 ) in memory we can do it as we do the computation of
the first part at each step .
In this algorithm we can either
store the powers of 2 to do the binary method or not .
There
is variety of ways to do it , we refer to [ Knuth vol .
2 ] for
explanations .
This step is important , essentially once we can represent
1 /( a*b ) by splitting them then to multiply by 2^n only adds
log (n ) steps for each element and it can be done in arbitrary
base since we have the actual fraction for each element of
( 2 ) .
It only pushes the decimal ( or the the decimal point of
the base chosen ) , further .
At any moment only one element in
the expansion of 1 / M is considered with the current fraction ,
that same fraction can be represented in base 10 at anytime
if we want the decimal expansion at that point .
For this reason
multiplying the current fraction by 2^n involves only small
numbers and fractions .
Once this is done , the total cost becomes n^3 * log ( n ) ^2 .
This
cost is for the computation of the k'th partial sum of
infinity
----- n
\ 2
) ----------- ( 2 )
/ n C ( 2 n , n )
-----
n = 1
where C ( 2*n , n ) is the central binomial coefficient .
If we want
at each step to compute ( the final n'th digit ) then we need
log (n ) steps to do it .
It can be done in any base chosen in
advance , in BBP the computation could be done in base 2 but
here we have the actual explicit fraction which is independant
of the base .
This is where we actually compute the decimal
expansion of the final fraction of the process .
So finally the n'th digit of Pi can be computed in
C*n **3 * log( n ) ** 3 steps .
Other Numbers
By looking at the plethora of formulas of the same type as
( 1 ) or ( 3 ) we see that [ PIagm ] , [ RamI and IV ] the numbers
Pi*sqrt(3 ) Pi , Pi** 3 , Zeta(3 ) and even powers of Pi can be
computed as well .
The condition we need to enseure is :
if any term of a series can be split into small fractions of
size no greater than that of a computer word , then it is part
of that class .
This includes series of the type :
infinity
----- n
\ c
) --------------- ( 3 )
/ r
----- P(n ) C( m n , n )
n = 1
where c is an integer , P ( n ) a polynomial and C ( mn , n ) is a near
central binomial coefficient .
This class of series contains
many numbers that are not yet identified in terms of known
constants and conversely the known constants that are of similar
nature like Zeta ( 5 ) have not yet been identified as members
of the class .
The process of identifying a series as being
expressed in terms of known constants and the exact reverse
process is what the Inverter [ Inv ] tries to do .
The number e or exp ( 1 ) which is sum( 1/n!,n=0..infinity ) does
not satisfies our condition because 1/n! eventually contains
high powers of 2 , therefore cannot be computed to the n'th digit
using our algorithm .
The factorisation of 1/n! has high powers of small primes ,
the highestis 2**k and k is nearly the size of n .
For this
particular number only avery few series are known and appear
to be only a variation on that first one .
Others like gamma or Catalan do not seem to have a proper series
representation and computer search using Bailey 's PSLQ or LLL with
MapleV and Pari- Gp gave no answer to this .
Algebraic numbers like
sqrt ( 2 ) have not been yet been fully investigated and we still do
not know if those would fall into this category .
Conclusions
There are many , but first and foremost we cannot resist thinking at
William Shanks who did the computation of Pi by hand in 1853 - if he
would had known this algorithm , he would have certainly tried it
before spending 20 years of his life computing Pi ( half of it on a mistake ) .
Secondly , the algorithm shown here is theoretical and not practical .
We do not know if there is a way to improve it , and if so then it is
reasonable to think that it could then be used to check long computations
like the one that Yasumasa Kanada conducted last year for the computation
of Pi to 1241 billion digits .
There could be a way to
speed the algorithm to make it an efficient algorithm .
Thirdly , so far there are 2 classes of numbers that can be computed to the
n'th digit :
1 ) the SC( 2 ) class as in the [ BBP ] algorithm which includes various
polylogarithms .
2 ) this new class of numbers .
Now what 's next ? , so far we do not know
wheter , for example , series whose general term is H( n ) /2**n ( where H(n )
is the n'th harmonic number ) whcich fall into the first class , can be
extended .
We think that this new approach is only the tip of the iceberg .
Finally , it is interesting to observe that we can then compute Pi to the
10000 'th digit without having to store ( hardly ) any array or matrix , so it
can be computed using a small pocket calculator .
We also note that , in some
way we have a way to produce the digits of Pi without using memory , this means
that the number is compressible , if we consider that we could use the
algorithm to produce a few thousands digits of the number .
We think that
other numbers are yet to come and that there is a possibility (? ) of having
a direct formula for the n'th digit ( in any base ) of a naturally occuring
constant like log ( 2 ) .
Acknowledgments
We wish to thanks , Robert Israel ( Univ. British Columbia ) and David H .
Bailey [ NASA ] for their helpful comments .
Bibliography
* David H. Bailey , Peter B. Borwein and Simon Plouffe , On The Rapid Computation
of Various Polylogarithmic Constants , april 1997 in Mathematics of Computation .
* Bruce C. Berndt , Ramanujan Notebooks vols .
I to IV .
Springer Verlag , New York .
* Pi and the AGM , by Jonathan M. Borwein and Peter B. Borwein , A Study in
Analytic Number Theory and Computational Complexity , Wiley , N.Y. , 1987 .
* David H. Bailey and Simon Plouffe , Recognizing Numerical Constants , preprint 1995 .
* Robert Israel at University of British Columbia , personal communication .
* M. Abramowitz and I. Stegun , Handbook of Mathematical Functions , Dover , New York , 1964 .
* G. H. Hardy and E. M. Wright , An Introduction to the Theory of Numbers 5e ,
Oxford University Press , 1979 .
* W. Shanks , Contributions to Mathematics Comprising Chiefly of the Rectification
of the Circle to 607 Places of Decimals , G. Bell , London , 1853 .
* D.E. Knuth , The Art of Computer Programming , Vol. 2 : Seminumerical Algorithms ,
Addison - Wesley , Reading , MA , 1981 .
* Plouffe's Inverter at http://pi.lacim.uqam.ca/eng
Keywords :
Pi , complexity , algorithm , n'th digit computation , Plouffe 's Inverter .
One , the old - fashioned way :
Find a dark place with starry skies and count the meteors streaking overhead .
Two , the new way :
Find a dark place with starry skies and then completely ignore the meteors .
Instead , watch the Moon .
That 's where the explosions are .
On August 9th , a pair of amateur astronomers on opposite sides of the United States did it the new way .
With the Perseid meteor shower just underway , they fixed their cameras on the Moon and watched meteoroids slam into the lunar surface .
Silent explosions equivalent to ~100 lbs of TNT produced flashes of light visible a quarter of a million miles away on Earth .
It was a good night for " lunar Perseids . "
" I love watching meteor showers this way , " says George Varros , who recorded this impact from his home in Mt. Airy , Maryland ( see above ) .
The flash , which lit up a nighttime patch of Mare Nubium ( the Sea of Clouds ) , was a bit dimmer than 7th magnitude - -" an easy target for my 8 - inch telescope and low - light digital video camera . "
Hours later , another Perseid struck , on the western shore of Oceanus Procellarum ( the Ocean of Storms ) .
This time it was Robert Spellman of Azusa , California , who caught the flash .
" It 's exciting to witness these explosions in real time , " he says .
" I used a 10 - inch telescope and an off - the - shelf Supercircuits video camera . "
Rob Suggs of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office has reviewed the data .
" They look real to me , " he says .
" The flashes appear in multiple video frames and the light curves are similar to other lunar meteors we 've recorded in the past . "
Suggs would know .
Along with colleague Bill Cooke , he leads a team at the Marshall Space Flight Center that has recorded more than 100 lunar explosions since 2005 .
" We monitor lunar meteors in support of NASA 's return to the Moon , " Suggs says .
" The Moon has no atmosphere to protect the surface , so meteoroids crash right into the ground .
Our program aims to measure how often that happens and answer the question , what are the risks to astronauts ? "
NASA 's official lunar meteor observatories are located in Alabama and Georgia .
Both were off - line on August 9th , so the NASA team did n't see how many Perseids were hitting the Moon that night .
" This shows how amateur astronomers can contribute to our research , " points out Suggs .
" We ca n't observe the Moon 24 - 7 from our corner of the USA .
Clouds , sunlight , the phase of the Moon — all these factors limit our opportunities .
A global network of amateur astronomers monitoring the Moon could , however , approach full coverage . "
By day , George Varros is a software engineer at NASA headquarters .
After work , he takes off his NASA badge , goes home and fires up his self - described " barely adequate " telescope .
" Until a few years ago , I really did n't like the Moon because it interfered with my observations of comets and meteors .
Then , in 1999 during the Leonid meteor storm , ( fellow amateur astronomer ) David Dunham photographed six lunar impact events from my backyard in Maryland , " Varros recalls .
" I was hooked . "
Dunham 's observations inspired not only Varros , but also NASA .
" Our own observing program can be traced back to those early amateur observations of lunar Leonids , " says Suggs .
A major advance in lunar meteor detection came in 2006 in the form of LunarScan , a computer program written by amateur astronomer Pete Gural that searches digital video of the Moon for split - second flashes .
Using LunarScan , Varros has bagged at least a dozen lunar meteors .
Three of them were observed simultaneously by the NASA team in Alabama , confirming the fidelity of Varros ' techniques .
( LunarScan may be freely downloaded from Varros ' web site - gvarros.com / ; NASA uses the program , too ! )
Like Varros , Robert Spellman 's interest in lunar meteors began with the Leonids of 1999 .
" I read about the success of amateurs recording impact flashes , " he recalls .
" I 've been in love with the Moon since my first observation when I was five years old , and I wanted to conduct an observing program with scientific value .
Lunar meteors were a natural . "
Spellman 's day job is at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles and the La Brea tar pits where he works as an educator .
He also conducts public astronomy programs three nights a week at the Griffith Observatory .
The rest of his evenings he devotes to the Moon .
Spellman uses no special software to catch his impacts .
" I look for the flashes in real time , " he says .
" Although it may sound tedious to stare at a blank screen for hours on end , the prospect of seeing an explosion keeps me alert .
In future , I do plan to use LunarScan to increase my success rate . "
Suggs hopes other amateurs will take up this hobby , not only to improve NASA 's lunar impact statistics , but also to support the agency 's LCROSS mission :
In 2009 , the Lunar CRater Observation and Sensing Satellite ( LCROSS ) will intentionally dive into the Moon , producing a flash akin to a natural lunar meteor .
Unlike natural meteoroids , which hit the Moon in random locations , LCROSS will carefully target a polar crater containing suspected deposits of frozen water .
If all goes as planned , the impact will launch debris high above the lunar surface where astronomers can search the ejecta for signs of H2O .
The impact flash ( if not hidden by crater walls ) and the debris plume may be visible to backyard telescopes on Earth .
Ready for meteor watching -- the new way ?
NASA offers a FAQ and telescope tips to help you get started .
Good hunting !
Source : Science@NASA , by Dr. Tony Phillips
Explore further Meteorite study calls into doubt a popular theory about the early solar system
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On Wednesday , ABC News ’ Charlie Gibson interviewed John McCain .
An excerpt :
GIBSON : Senator , since I ’ve been following politics , every single presidential nominee has said that the first quality they look for in a vice presidential pick is the capability and the readiness to take over as president .
Can you look the country straight in the eye and say Sarah Palin has the qualities and has enough experience to be commander in chief ?
MCCAIN : Oh , absolutely .
Having been the governor of our largest state , the commander of their National Guard .
Later in the interview , McCain said , “ Governor Palin knows the surge has succeeded .
She ’s the commander of the Alaskan National Guard . ”
We now interrupt the spin for some facts .
After interviewing the service commander of the Alaska National Guard , McClatchy newspapers reports , “ Palin has never personally ordered the state guard to do anything . ”
Nothing .
Absolutely nothing .
It appears she has no command experience whatsoever .
The news service notes , “ The governor has granted [ the service commander ] the authority to act on his own in most cases , including life - or - death emergencies — when a quick response is required — and minor day - to - day operations . ”
So it ’s clear : when McCain and his surrogates talk about Palin ’s experience , the only honorable course is to not mention the Alaska National Guard .
Attention parents :
Do n’t be surprised this school year if you tell your kids to stop playing video games and they respond , “ But it ’s homework . ”
In classrooms across the country , electronic games have increasingly become tools for teaching problem solving and critical thinking .
For example , Brock Dubbels , a teacher at the Seward Montessori School in Minneapolis , has eighth - graders reading Homer while playing Sega ’s “ Sonic the Hedgehog ” to better understand Odysseus ’s quest .
Jeremiah McCall , a history teacher at the Cincinnati Country Day School , turned to Creative Assembly ’s “ Rome : Total War , ” a real - time strategy game that lets players assume the roles of ancient generals .
Mr. McCall ’s students compare battle depictions in the game with historical evidence , then design their own simulations .
“ It ’s amazing how much you have to practice the skills of a historian – fact gathering and interpretation – to design a game , ” he says .
Once shunned as a brain - rotting activity , video games are now winning over many middle - and high - school teachers as a way to inspire kids to learn .
“ If you , as a teacher , are satisfied with engaging only 15 percent of your students , then you ’re failing the majority , ” says Mr. Dubbels .
“ The big idea is to identify what students are already invested in , and that ’s video games . ”
Less than 1 percent of schools teach through video games , according to Marc Prensky , author of “ Do n’t Bother Me , Mom – I ’m Learning . ”
But those that do laud games as a way to help develop 21st century skills , such as collaborative problem solving , multitasking , and networking .
Some educators compare game play to the scientific method :
Players enter a phenomenon that does n’t make sense , observe problems , form hypotheses , and test them while being mindful of cause and effect .
But even among schools that agree to dabble with games , debate rages on the best way to incorporate them into the classroom .
How games can mold curricula
This fall , Katie Salen , an associate professor of design and technology at the Parsons School of Design in New York , will propose a new public school with a game - centered curriculum .
If approved , the school , called Quest to Learn , will be part of the New York City public school system and teach grades six through 12 .
“ The school is designed around the way games work , ” says Ms. Salen , who hopes to open Quest to Learn by fall of 2009 .
“ Kids are challenged to step into identities – mathematicians , scientists .
They are immersed in an interdisciplinary [ setting ] , and instead of completing units , they go on a series of missions or quests , each of which has a goal . ”
Traditional school activities – for example , converting fractions into decimals – will be presented as quests that are part of a larger game , which could last days or weeks to unravel .
A game - centric school requires a whole new teaching philosophy , Salen says .
To help distill her idea , she tapped the Institute of Play in New York , a nonprofit organization that promotes collaboration between the gaming industry and educators , to design the school ’s curriculum .
They envision teachers brainstorming with game designers at least once a week and having a staff of developers on hand throughout the school day .
But Salen ’s not too worried about overwhelming educators with new responsibilities : “ Games create a need in kids to figure something out , so the need to learn comes from the kids , not the teacher . ”
More integration , less intervention
Scot Osterweil , the creative director of the Education Arcade , a games and learning research group at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , wants games incorporated into classrooms in manageable ways – and for them to become more than just “ automated tests tricked out as games . ”
The key , he says , is good game design and a realistic understanding of how much game play teachers can allow in their classes , given limited time and resources .
“ Let kids play games outside the classroom , but get ‘ game skills ’ into classrooms , ” he says .
“ Also , use kids ’ experience of games to deepen their understanding and get academic ideas into a play space . ”
Eric Klopfer , director of MIT ’s Teacher Education Program and the author of “ Augmented Learning : Research and Design of Mobile Educational Games , ” points to mobile gaming as a way to address Mr. Osterweil ’s concerns .
“ Casual games designed for play in those interstitial spaces between school and life – on the bus , in the cafeteria – fit better with the way teachers think about teaching and kids approach games , ” Mr. Klopfer says .
He points to the success of Palmagotchi – an academic spinoff of the once popular Tamagotchi virtual pets .
This new version is a mobile biology game that helps players learn about evolution as they nurture their pixelated pets in a simulated world that includes predators and climate change .
Can games replace tests ?
Video games do a better job of gauging a student ’s mastery of a subject than actually teaching them a subject , says Timothy Magner , the director of the Office of Educational Technology at the Department of Education .
“ The computer can track the choices you make in the game , ” he says , “ and see if you have the confidence and skill to move on to harder levels . ”
Ironically , though , testing is the very thing that might curtail the use of video games in public schools .
Many game designers complain that bowing to the pressure of standardized tests , such as those set up by the No Child Left Behind Act has forced teachers to push facts , not skills .
Legislated tests “ create the sense that classrooms are a place of content delivery … and put teachers in a position where they think they have to teach to the tests to get kids to succeed , ” says McCall .
But he insists that game play and design have helped his students do well on the Ohio graduation tests .
“ It ’s a qualitatively different exercise with games , ” he says .
“ Game play is like reading and critiquing , and game design is like writing your own [ historical account ] . ”
The real hurdle , Salen says , is getting educators , parents , and even students to acknowledge that “ something fun can be serious . ”
After completing an exercise using a commercial game , Dubbels asked his students what they had learned .
“ Many of them felt they had n’t learnt anything until I pointed out that play is a form of learning .
They were amazed to acknowledge that their chosen activities had beneficial content , ” he says .
" Civil servants and ministers have been warned on numerous occasions that this piece of legislation was a ticking time bomb that should be ditched , but they have done nothing and local residents will now have to pay the price for their inaction . "
John Mayer and Jennifer Aniston Break Up
andhave called it quits after a four month whirlwind romance .
What started out as a " break , " ( how Rachel and Ross ) , has turned into a full break up according to sources .
The split is being reported by the UK tabloid the Mirror , so since we have n't been able to confirm with Jen or John 's reps , we 'll just let you know what the Mirror has to say .
According to the rag-mag , unlucky - in - love Aniston has been dumped by Lothario Mayer because he is just not ready for a commitment .
Their " source " says Jen was pushing to set a timetable for their future together , and wanted John 's assurance that he would cut down on touring when they started making babies .
Ironically Aniston recently completed filming " He 's Just Not That Into You . "
Consider the source kiddies and remember we are talking about the Mirror here .
But if the rumors turn out to be true , rest assured we at Bitten and Bound will be on top of it and let you know .
According to mastering engineer Ian Shepherd , Metallica 's new Death Magnetic album has a serious sonic problem : it has been compressed ( in the audio sense of the word , not the file size sense ) just about as much as it's possible to compress audio .
Part of the " loudness war , " this type of compression is designed to make music sound as loud as possible at the expense of dynamic range ( the difference between loud and softer sounds ) .
Television advertisers use similar technology to get the most bang for their buck volume - wise , which is why ads often sound so much louder than television programs .
However , according to Shepherd , the problem goes beyond compression .
He says some parts are actually distorted from digital clipping .
" As you can easily see , " he writes , " the CD version on the bottom has been heavily compressed , limited and / or clipped , and sounds massively distorted as a result . "
Later analysis showed that the CD is 10 dB louder than the Guitar Hero version , which sounds about twice as loud to the ear , according to one description .
That 's some wicked compression .
Shepherd 's audio analysis ( pictured to the above right courtesy of MusicRadar using the free open - source audio editor Audacity ) , demonstrates graphically the severe nature of the audio compression applied by Metallica 's engineers to the CD version of the album , by comparing it to a recording from the Guitar Hero videogame .
This version of Death Magnetic , featuring extended solos from James Hetfield and Kirk Hammett , became available within the game on Friday as an $ 18 download .
According to this analysis , audiophileswould be better off recording the songs from the videogame than buyingthe album because the Guitar Hero version has far more dynamic rangethan the hyper - compressed CD version .
Shepherd spotted a comment by oneway23 on a Metallicaforum that appears to contain a note from head engineer Ted Jensen of SterlingSound , the company that mastered the album .
" I'm certainly sympatheticto your reaction , " read the note , " I getto slam my head against that brick wall every day .
In this case , themixes were already brick - walled before they arrived at my place .
Suffice to say I would never be pushed to overdrive things as far asthey are here .
" Believe me I 'm not proud to be associated withthis one , and we can only hope that some good will come from this insome form of backlash against volume above all else . "
If this is true , and Jensen ( whom the Death Magnetic liner notes identify as having mastered the album ) received the mix in such a compressed form , it looks like the engineers who mixed the album before it was sent to the mastering facility – identified by Chris Vinnicombe of MusicRadar as Greg Fidelman and Andrew Scheps – are to blame , although ultimately , the fault lies with the arms race to have the loudest sounding albums regardless of what that does to musical nuance .
Shepherd links to a Metallica forum claim ( registration required ) that the band was not present during the mixing or mastering of Death Magnetic .
User Hetfield1963 says James
Hetfield told him via telephone , " I think things came out really good .
They 're going to be mixing itwhile we 're away in Europe .
Yeah , and that will be ... well , we have n't donethat in a while .
We 've usually been around for the mixes . "
So far , 2,730 fans have signed a petition asking that the album be re-mixed ( as opposed to remixed ) and / or remastered .
Failing that , someone will eventually record themselves playing the song perfectly within the game and distribute it via bit torrent , and then Metallica 's label will have another thing to get upset about .
Update : Ian Shepherd , a mastering engineer at SRT , appears to have pinpointed and analyzed the problem first .
He credits Metallica fans with the idea of checking the compressed CD version with the Guitar Hero version .
" There 's no analysis needed , you can hear it plain as day , " he said via email .
" The realcredit lies with the fans on the Metallica forums who spotted this andpointed it out . "
See Also :
( via MusicRadar ; screenshot courtesy of MusicRadar ; thanks , Matthew )
Gov. Palin hiding husband 's correspondence related to trooper union Nick Juliano
Published : Monday September 8 , 2008
Print This Email This E-mails between Todd Palin , Gov 's aides among hundreds kept secret
Dozens of e-mails exchanged among several government employees and Todd Palin , the husband of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin who has no formal role in her administration , are not being turned over in response to an open records request in the state .
The e-mails are being kept secret ostensibly because they deal with policy deliberations between the governor and her staff , the contents of which do not have to be disclosed to the public .
However , Todd Palin 's presence in the e-mail chains seems to belie concerns that their contents need to remain strictly in the domain of the state government .
Another possible reason for the withholding is the political damage that could accompany disclosure of the e-mails .
According to subject lines of the e-mails , they seem to deal with a public sector union representing Alaska state troopers that the Palins have been feuding with for years as well as one of the governor 's main political opponents .
Mother Jones ' David Corn outlined the backstory behind the missing e-mails Monday .
In June , Andrée McLeod , a self - described independent government watchdog in Alaska , sent an opens record act request to the office of Governor Sarah Palin .
She requested copies of all the emails that had been sent and received by Ivy Frye and Frank Bailey , two top aides to Palin , from February through April of this year .
McLeod , a 53 - year - old registered Republican who has held various jobs in state government , suspected that Frye and Bailey had engaged in political activity during official business hours in that period by participating in a Palin - backed effort to oust the state chairman of the Alaska Republican party , Randy Ruedrich .
( Bailey has been in the national news of late for refusing to cooperate with investigators probing whether Palin fired Alaska 's public safety commission because he did not dismiss a state trooper who had gone through an ugly divorce with Palin 's sister . )
In response to her request , McLeod received four large boxes of emails .
This batch of documents did not contain any proof that Frye and Bailey had worked on government time to boot out Ruedrich .
But there was other information she found troubling .
Several of the emails suggested to her that Palin 's office had used its influence to reward a Fairbanks surveyor who was a Palin fundraiser with a state job .
In early August , McLeod filed a complaint with the state attorney general against Palin , Bailey , and other Palin aides , claiming they had violated ethics and hiring laws .
Palin , now the Republican vice - presidential candidate , told the Alaska Daily News that " there were no favors done for anybody . "
But more intriguing than any email correspondence contained in the four boxes was what was not released : about 1100 emails .
Palin 's office provided McLeod with a 78 - page list ( PDF ) cataloging the emails it was withholding .
Many of them had been written by Palin or sent to her .
Of the withheld e-mails , at least four dozen include Todd Palin , and many of those refer either to the Public Service Employees Association , a union representing law enforcement officers in Alaska .
Others including Todd Palin reference Andrew Halco , a former state lawmaker who ran as an independent against Sarah Palin in 2006 .
Since losing that race , he 's become a blogger who frequently criticizes Palin 's administration .
A string of e-mails sent over several days in late March and early April refer to " PSEA Ads " and a " PR Campaign , " although nothing but the subject line in the e-mails has been released on the grounds that they deal with " deliberative process " and executive privilege .
It 's unclear precisely what the ads or PR campaigns were , but municipal elections were held in Anchorage on April 1 , during the timeframe the e-mails were being exchanged .
RAW STORY has left a message with the PSEA 's executive director seeking more information .
The PSEA represents Alaska State Troopers , and Gov. Palin is alleged to have fired the state 's Department of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan after he refused to have her former brother - in - law fired from the state police force .
Monegan showed the Washington Post separate e-mails from Sarah Palin 's personal Yahoo !
e-mail account in which she showed intense interest in the investigation of trooper Mike Wooten , who allegedly threatened Pallin 's family while divorcing her sister .
In one e-mail from July of 2007 , Palin criticized the fact that Wooten was " not even reprimanded by his bosses " after allegedly threatening to kill her father , and she implied that the union was protecting him .
" Remember when the death threat was reported , and follow - on threats from Mike that he was going to ' bring Sarah and her family down ' -- instead of any reprimand WE were told by trooper union personnel that we'd be sued if we talked about those threats , " she wrote to Monegan .
Whether the e-mails circulated between Palin 's husband and the governor 's staffers were similarly critical of the union is not known , but activists hope such information may come to light before the election .
McLeod , who filed the initial public records request , said she will appeal the decision to keep the 1,100 e-mails private .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
While Congress and Bush administration officials have been working to complete a bailout plan and stem the financial contagion on Wall Street , a different kind of economic crisis emerged across the South this week : A severe , hurricane - related gasoline shortage has curtailed trucking from Atlanta to Asheville , N.C. , and created a wave of panic buying among motorists .
The return of gas lines has largely flown under the radar of politicians who are usually keenly attuned , because their constituents are , to what 's going on at the pump .
But more of the Capitol gang should be paying attention to this .
That 's because nationwide our gasoline inventory is shockingly low .
Liquidity must be restored soon to this market , or we could be facing a crippling run on the gasoline bank .
And if you think Americans are outraged about Wall Street , wait until their Main Street grocery store does n't get the bread and milk delivery for a week or two .
Back to the ' 70s
The scenes over the past several days in places like Nashville , Tenn. , Anniston , Ala. , and western North Carolina looked like file footage from 1979 - with bags over empty gas pumps and quarter - mile long lines of cars waiting to fill up at stations that had n't run out .
AAA reported that drivers were so desperate that they were following tankers to gas stations to ensure a fill - up .
In Georgia , Gov. Sonny Perdue got a waiver from the Environmental Protection Agency to temporarily allow stations to sell high - sulfur gasoline .
( Correction :
An earlier version of this story said Louisiana received the waiver and incorrectly named Perdue as that state 's governor . )
In Alabama , Gov. Bob Riley ordered a state of emergency to prevent price gouging by station owners that do have gas .
What 's going on ?
The immediate answer is that the double whammy of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike , which swept through the Gulf of Mexico earlier this month , caused much of the Gulf 's oil drilling and refinery production to be shut down .
In particular Ike , which hit refinery - rich Southeastern Texas on Sept. 13 , caused massive power outages in the Galveston and Houston areas .
As of this week , more than a dozen refineries around Texas City and Port Arthur were not operating at full capacity and , according to the Department of Energy , six refineries , with a combined capacity of 1.6 million barrels a day , were still not running at all .
A bigger problem
But while the current shortages can be traced directly to the two hurricanes , the severity of the problem points out a bigger issue :
The U.S. has been operating for a while with razor - thin spare gasoline capacity .
In its most recent Weekly Oil Data Review , Barclays Capital pointed out that the U.S. gasoline inventory has reached its lowest level since August 1967 , when demand was a little more than half its current level of 9.3 million barrels a day .
At 178.7 million barrels , inventories are 21.6 million barrels below their five - year average .
None of this surprises industry watchers such as Matt Simmons , the chairman of Houston energy industry investment bank Simmons & Co. and chief spokesman for the Peak Oil movement .
I recently wrote a profile of Simmons for Fortune ( " The prophet of $ 500 oil " ) and I can report that he has been warning about the potential of gasoline shortages in the U.S. for months .
" Our system is so fragile , " he told me recently .
" All you need is a tiny change to go from ' Oh , we 're in fine shape ' to an unmitigated disaster . "
Simmons points out that the gasoline weekly stock reports have been trending sharply downward since last winter ( with a brief upturn in the spring ) , and that even before Gustav and Ike we were in " just in time " supply mode .
Getting back to a safer level of extra capacity is n't simple , either .
Once the refineries get back up and running , they 'll drain the already low crude oil inventories .
Unless gasoline demand stays low , Simmons believes , we 'll have a hard time clawing back to stability .
That 's why he worries about a top - up catastrophe that could cripple the trucking industry and disrupt food deliveries .
As he told me the other day : " If we end up having gasoline shortages , the odds are about 90 % that Americans will do what we always do :
We 'll top up our tanks .
And in topping up our tanks , within three or four days we 'll drain the pool dry and then within seven days we 'll run out of food . "
That sounds awfully dire .
And it probably wo n't happen .
But , then again , a couple of months ago hardly anybody would have predicted that AIG would collapse , Congress would be mulling a Wall Street bailout , and ' 70s - era gas lines would be back .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
The mammoth skull is estimated to be about 400,000 years old The " extremely rare " fossilised skull of a steppe mammoth has been unearthed in southern France .
The discovery in the Auvergne region could shed much needed light on the evolution of these mighty beasts .
Many isolated teeth of steppe mammoth have been found , but only a handful of skeletons exist ; and in these surviving specimens , the skull is rarely intact .
Palaeontologists Frederic Lacombat and Dick Mol describe this skull specimen as being well preserved .
Mr Lacombat , from Crozatier Museum in nearby Le Puy - en - Velay , and Mr Mol , from the Museum of Natural History in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , said the fossil belongs to a male steppe mammoth ( Mammuthus trogontherii ) that stood about 3.7 m ( 12ft ) tall and lived about 400,000 years ago , during Middle Pleistocene times .
We need to find what I call the ' missing link ' in mammoth evolution
Dick Mol , Natural History Museum , Rotterdam
The animal was about 35 years of age when it died , the researchers estimate .
The steppe mammoth is of vital importance for understanding mammoth evolution .
It represents the transitional phase between an ancient species known as the southern mammoth and the more recent woolly mammoth .
But comparatively little is known about this intermediate stage .
" This specimen is of extreme importance because we do n't know that much about the Middle Pleistocene , " Mr Mol told BBC News .
MAMMOTH EVOLUTION
Southern mammoth ( Mammuthus meridionalis ) - lived from 2.6 million years ago to 800,000 years ago , during the Early Pleistocene Steppe mammoth ( Mammuthus trogontherii ) - lived from 800,000 years ago to 300,000 years ago , during the Middle Pleistocene Woolly mammoth ( Mammuthus primigenius ) - lived from 300,000 years ago to 4,000 years ago , during the Late Pleistocene and Holocene " Lots of the sediments have been eroded and not so many localities are known where we can find fossils .
He added : " We cannot keep saying that we have the [ southern mammoth ] at the beginning of the Pleistocene , then we have something which we are not sure about , and finally we have the woolly mammoth [ at the end of the Pleistocene ] .
" We need to find what I call the ' missing link ' in mammoth evolution . "
The southern mammoth appears to have lived in a savannah environment , and was probably a " browser " , feeding on trees and shrubs .
However , the molar teeth of steppe mammoth and woolly mammoth show that these animals were adapted to grazing .
This is thought to represent an adaptation to climate change ; as conditions got colder and drier over the Pleistocene period , the savannah disappeared , making way for grassy steppe .
Mammoth had to adapt their diets accordingly .
" If they have a complete skull then that would be very valuable , " Dr Adrian Lister , a mammoth expert from London 's Natural History Museum and University College London , told BBC News .
Evolutionary debate
One of the best preserved examples of a steppe mammoth was excavated in the cliffs of West Runton in Norfolk , UK .
" With West Runton , we have a fabulous skeleton .
It has its jaws and teeth , but the whole top part of the skull has gone .
And that is usually the case with these fossil elephants , " explained Dr Lister .
According to a theory developed by Dr Lister with other researchers , the southern mammoth was once widespread in Eurasia .
It then evolved into a cold - adapted form - the steppe mammoth - in eastern Asia , where the climate has been chilly for the last two million years .
However , when Ice Age conditions took hold across the northern hemisphere , the steppe mammoth spread outwards , replacing its predecessor in Europe and Asia .
The skull is being transported to a nearby museum A similar process may have later led to the emergence of the woolly mammoth .
According to Dr Lister , it evolved from the steppe mammoth in north - east Siberia , then expanded its range during an Ice Age , eventually displacing its forerunner the steppe mammoth .
However , Dick Mol takes a different view .
He thinks evolutionary changes in the mammoth lineage take place too quickly under this model .
Instead , he favours a model in which Europe is the centre for mammoth evolution .
Two molar teeth belonging to the newly discovered specimen were found in 1986 , during the construction of a water pipeline .
Frederic Lacombat was able to trace the site of this discovery and subsequent excavations revealed the skull from which they had come .
The team plans to lift the skull out of the ground and transport it on a truck to Crozatier Museum .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
PM - Thursday , 4 September , 2008 18:40:00 Reporter : Annie Guest MARK COLVIN : In Britain the garments known as hoodies have been at the centre of a furious national law and order debate for the last three years .
Now British - style bans on young people wearing tops with the hoods up have come to Australia .
A shopping centre in the northern New South Wales town of Tweed Heads has been trying out a ban ; it says it 's because of concerns about gang violence .
But youth advocates say it 's discriminatory , and they claim that it can actually lead to an increase in problems .
Annie Guest prepared this report .
( rap music )
MICHAEL KENNY :
If I liken a gang to a family , these surrogate families are increasing in numbers .
WARREN POLGLASE :
There has been considerable concern about young people and disturbances within Tweed city and surrounding areas .
( RAP MUSIC )
ANNIE GUEST : These comments by the local police superintendent Michael Kenny and Chamber of Commerce vice president Warren Polglase go some way to explaining the background to this story .
There 's somewhat of a dress code for the youth they identify as troublesome and it includes hoodies .
A hoodie is a shirt with a hood that can go over the head and partially obscure the face .
Prompted by what it describes as concern in the southern Gold Coast community and the media , the Tweed City Shopping Centre recently ran a trial imposing its own dress code on would be gangs .
Its spokesman is Michael Tree .
MICHAEL TREE :
In consultation with the police and our security the centre management decided to trial a no hats or hoods , largely because our security cameras find themselves being blocked by hats and hoods if we 're trying to identify anyone after an incident .
ANNIE GUEST : What sort of incidents are you referring to ?
MICHAEL TREE : Shoplifting , anti-social behaviour .
ANNIE GUEST : Could you give us an example of that anti-social behaviour ?
MICHAEL TREE : I think that poor language and I think that throwing food or shoplifting or intimidating staff members , those kind of things at any point are deemed unacceptable in a shopping centre .
ANNIE GUEST : Hoodie bans are not new .
They 've already been imposed in some shopping centres in the United States , New Zealand and the United Kingdom , where a university has also restricted the wearing of hoodies and hats .
There are reports that one UK ban actually led to an increase in business at a shopping centre .
But a youth advocacy group has launched a strident attack on the shopping centre at Tweed Heads for imposing the ban , even if it was part of a trial .
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH :
We 're very unhappy with it because it 's clearly a discriminatory act .
ANNIE GUEST : The Youth Affairs Network 's Siyavash Doostkhah says hoodies represent a fashion , not violence .
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH :
And the hood is just a part of young people 's fashion and subculture and has nothing to do to put fear in young people , fear into community members .
And shopping centres should act more responsibly to allow young people to be at the shopping centre as consumers and to be there with clothing that they feel comfortable .
ANNIE GUEST : How is it any more discriminatory than other dress codes imposed by shopping centres such as wearing shoes ?
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH : Wearing shoes is to do with safety .
Now , where there has been any attempt to limit , curtail young people 's access to public space there 's been problems .
ANNIE GUEST : Do you mean that it in fact leads to further problems because it isolates young people ?
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH : Absolutely .
ANNIE GUEST : Tweed City Shopping Centre 's Michael
Tree rejects the criticism .
MICHAEL TREE : Certainly our view , our intent is never to discriminate against anyone and internally that is one of the issues that will be included in our review .
ANNIE GUEST : And in your review have you found that it has had an effect of reducing anti-social behaviour ?
MICHAEL TREE :
To be honest we 're still looking at it .
Our initial thoughts are that it probably has n't made a great deal of difference .
ANNIE GUEST : The centre is yet to decide on the future of the hoodie .
MARK COLVIN : Annie Guest .
Worse , his tractor tyres were slashed , his goats chased away , a hay barn burned and his car along with it .
Then two weeks ago , he found a letter in the shape of a coffin on the front seat of his tractor with the blood - chilling message : " You leave or they die .
We 'll throw your daughter into a ditch after making a woman of her ...
Not a word to the cops or your mother will get it . "
Bottom Price Used Cars By Owner , You Get It ?
How much cheaper you can get by buying used cars by owner on yourself than being guided by a dealer ?
A couple of hundreds dollars or maybe a thousand at the most .
I used to give myself an answer like this during the past years .
Until recently , I finally did some research and put down all the numbers on a piece of paper together …
I was shocked !
A 20 % percent has been added onto the bottom price of a second hand car with a dealership .
It means for a 15 k dollars used car , you are paying an extra 3000 dollars beyond its naked value .
I cross checked the listed price on ebay under the catogories of used cars “ by owner ” and “ by dealer ” , despite all the other factors , generally a few thousands dolloars could be found .
And here is how that 20 % make up :
Dealer commission : 6 % up
Somebody says that a car dealar takes 3 % of whatever price you pay , but it ’s not the case anymore .
Interestingly enough , the bad ecomony is actually making a better second hand car business — as more people prefer to sell and buy a used car — dealars commission has doubled .
I often refer to manhattan ’s apartment broker fee when i talk about something crazy and rediculous .
Just think about that : for every used car with an average 15,000 dollars , you are paying almost $ 1000 to the dealar .
I was told that many of the sales people he worked with would take an extra thousand dollars profit without a thought , then you should really feel lucky for not getting “ overcharged ” .
Ads costs : 5 % – 8 %
Compare to used cars by owner , dealers ’ cars wo n’t sit still waiting for you to get in the door .
There are plenty of chanels for you to find them , outdoor billboards , local radio and tv stations , newpapers , internet .. you name it .
You read the ads , dial the number , without taking a second to think about this question : who do you think is actually paying for all the ads bills ?
Obviously , every cent dealars spend , you pay them back eventually .
Actually when i’m typing this right now , one think jumps into my head that if you see a used cars commercial ad during superbowl live , remember the brand and dodge .
I just ca n’t help wondering how profitable this business is when it ’s affording a million - dollar worth 30 - second ad .
Other overheads : 3 % – 6 %
Rental , security , office management , energy bills etc , everything costs in your office applies to car dealers company as well .
Each bill is not worth talking about individually , but it becomes a fairly considerable difference when they all come together .
Compare to this , the private seller of a used cars wo n’t charge you for a new garage door .
Okay , now sum these items up you ’ll get a 14 % - 20 % extra edge around your car ’s naked price .
That how you are going to pay 2000 to 3000 dollars more for a 15 k dollars car .
You know what I mean .
You may get certain benefit by buy a dealership car , but nothing comes free .
Tips : A quick way to calculate the bottom price of a used car
1. go to ebay motors
2. look into cars and trucks
3. click “ used ” under condition
4. target my car
5. check “ used cars by dealar ” to refine my search list
6. only look at the buy it now price ( take it as the dealer ’s price )
7. no matter how much mutiple it by 0.8
8. bingo !
That ’s it !
The naked price !
Only if you are interested in bottom - price used cars by owner
9. go back to the full list
10 . check “ used cars by owner ” this time
11 . bid around the bottom price you just figured out
12 . enjoy the deal !
Online Resource : ebay motors
Sarah Cavanagh became a witch after her interest was sparked at the age of 20 when she was given Tarot cards as a gift .
If you thought witches , spells and covens belonged in fairy tales then think again , as practising witch Sarah Cavanagh ( 56 ) , from Co Armagh , tells Stephanie Bell
I was born in England but came to live in Northern Ireland when I was 16 .
I ’ve been living in Co Armagh for more than 20 years now .
I think becoming a witch and a pagan is something that evolves ; you do n’t just suddenly wake up one day and decide ‘ Ok I am a witch ’ .
I believe your spirituality evolves and you choose a vehicle for it which is right for you .
I suppose I found several vehicles before I realised paganism was my true vehicle .
I was into Buddhism when I was 16 and I became a vegetarian around that time .
I also become interested in Hinduism .
I was brought up a Catholic but never maintained an interest in it .
I have always been able to find the similarities in different religions rather than the differences .
When I was 20 , someone gave me Tarot cards as a gift and showed me how to use them .
This sparked my interest in Aleister Crowley , who is famous for being involved in the occult and witchcraft .
I started to read about him , paganism and alternatives to Christianity .
In Northern Ireland when I was growing up there was no alternative to Christianity , you were a Protestant or a Catholic or else very confused .
Shortly after , I started practising witchcraft on my own .
If you practice on your own and are not part of a coven you are known as a hedge witch .
My beliefs are very much centred round trying not to damage the planet by trying to eat things that are locally grown and buy things that can be locally sourced , although this is not always possible .
Very central to witchcraft is the belief ‘ do what you will if it harms no one ’ and as a witch , this is my guiding principle and by which I try to live my life .
To me , our identity has value and our diversity has value and globalisation is making us lose our identity , as we all start to eat the same things and wear the same clothes .
I have been lucky to meet a number of witches and we all get together every month and at certain times of the year .
It ’s not a case of people in pointy hats dancing round a bonfire , although we do have our outdoor temples which are wonderful .
We light a fire and create a circle round it which makes it a sacred space .
The only rule is that there are no rules .
There are certain rituals we follow .
Spells and magic are all part of it .
Each of us has a magic wand inside us which is our mind .
It is our own personal power to draw things to us and to be creative .
The new form of spirituality being called The Secret is based on the power of attraction , as in like attracts like , and believes the mind has the power to create its own universe .
This has always been what paganism is about .
The real magic wand is the power of your mind .
Spells always have to be well intentioned .
You can do it for yourself or to assist someone else to do it for themselves .
You ca n’t cast a spell for someone else .
We use leaves and herbs which are relative to healing the different parts of us which need help or affirmations .
I have several spell books but we all develop our own way of making up potions .
If you make up a potion to help someone who is having a particular problem — for example , they are having difficulty standing up for themselves in work — you bring the potion along to the coven in a small bowl .
You then give it to the person who needs it and they add their own ingredient before offering it up to the fire .
When this happens , we all focus our minds on that person and their need and make affirmations and give thanks that the spell has already worked , as it is belief in the power which makes it work .
We meet as a coven when there is a full moon and also during eight sabbats which occur throughout the year , for example , the summer solstice , Halloween , harvest etc .
We light a fire and form a circle round it and to us it is like a tonic , a place of empowerment .
We follow a documented ritual .
It is like a circle of gratitude , when we acknowledge what we have and express our gratitude to the source , or higher power .
We bring out our worries and fears into the circle and help each other with strategies for dealing with our problems .
To us , creativity and connectivity are two things which go together and it is in the nature of human beings to be creative and connected to the planet .
If we are not being creative , then we are not being true to who we really are and we will not be happy .
Years ago , I would have worried about what people thought and would not have told anyone I was a witch .
Now there are so many people like me , that I simply think that the people who matter do n’t mind and the people who mind , do n’t matter .
I know there are people who would think I am crazy but I |really do n’t care about them .
I think the world would be very dull if we were all the same and we should celebrate our differences .
One of my daughters thinks it ’s mad while the other is interested in it , both of them are vegetarians and environmentalists .
Our coven is all female and we are normal women who are teachers , nurses , parents etc .
We share common beliefs and witchcraft , like any true religion , makes no difference between anyone because our beliefs come from a very deep place within us .
I do believe Jesus was a child of God and he came from the same source as I do and is a chip off the old block .
I think he was very evolved and enlightened and was capable of performing magic .
I would have a lot more in common with Jesus than most Christians and I am sure he would have been very at home in our outdoor temple where we respect the planet and everyone on it .
We are not chasing any consumer goods and I am sure that Jesus would n’t have condemned us . ”
Belfast Telegraph
Some human populations may rely on biological factors in addition to social factors when selecting a mate .
In a recent study , published September 12 in the open- access journal PLoS Genetics , scientists in China , France , and the United Kingdom report genomic data showing that immunity traits may be involved in mate choice in some human populations .
In several species it has been shown that the Major Histocompatibility Complex ( MHC ) , a large genomic region involved in immune response , influences mating selections and that this may be mediated by preferences based on body odor .
Some previous studies have reported a tendency for humans to prefer MHC - dissimilar mates , encouraging heterozygosity at MHC loci in offspring and resulting in improved immune response .
However , other studies , both directly in couples and also indirectly in " sweaty T - shirts " experiments , have reported conflicting results .
Adding to this debate is the recent study by Raphaëlle Chaix , Chen Cao and Peter Donnelly .
The testing employed genome - wide genotype data and HLA types in a sample of African and a sample of European American couples , enabling the researchers to distinguish MHC - specific effects from genome - wide effects .
The group examined whether husband - wife couples were more MHC - similar or MHC - dissimilar in comparison to random pairs of individuals .
African couples were not more MHC - similar or MHC - dissimilar , although genome - wide they were more similar than random couples , probably as a consequence of social factors .
On the other hand , European American pairs were predominantly MHC - dissimilar , and drastically so in comparison to the genome , supporting the hypothesis that the MHC influences mate choice in this population .
Future studies may add to this debate of whether biological traits play a significant role beside social traits in the process of mating .
Source : Public Library of Science
Thursday , 31 Jul , 2008 Current Events
After punching an alligator in the eye , an American boy managed to escape from the animal , though most of his arm was bitten off .
According to police in Slidell , Louisiana , the 11 - year - old Devin Funck was playing in the water with some of his friends in a location that is 30 kilometers northeast of New Orleans .
Suddenly a 3 - meters long alligator pulled the boy under .
The boy 's relatives told The Times - Picayune newspaper that Devin poked the animal in the eye and thus managed to escape .
The Associated Press reported that the alligator was hunted down and shot with local authorities , who got the boy 's arm back largely intact from the alligator 's stomach .
The boy was sent to the hospital , but his family doubt that doctors will be able to reattach the boy 's arm .
Source : AP .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
" I 'm always for less regulation , " John McCain , March 3 , 2008
" Casual oversight by regulatory agencies in Washington " is responsible for the crisis , John McCain , Sept. 17 , 2008
Which is it , Sen. McCain : regulation or deregulation ?
If ...
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - A U.S. judge has thrown out a copyright infringement case against Veoh Networks Inc , an Internet video start - up with high - profile Hollywood backers , ruling that video - sharing companies are not solely responsible for policing piracy that may take place on their sites .
A screenshot of Veoh.com , taken on August 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS/www.veoh.com
The California court dismissed a copyright infringement suit by adult entertainment company Io Group Inc against Veoh and granted summary judgment to the defendants .
The complaint argued Veoh had not done enough to stop site users of its site from uploading unauthorized clips of 10 Io adult sex films .
Judge Howard Lloyd of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California found that Veoh worked actively to protect copyright owners and so qualified for “ safe harbor ” protections of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) .
“ The DMCA was intended to facilitate the growth of electronic commerce , not squelch it , ” the judge said in siding with Veoh .
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) limits liability for Internet service providers that act quickly to block access to pirated online materials , once the copyright holder notifies a Web site of specific acts of infringement .
The ruling draws a line between Napster , the music - sharing service that enabled a wave of music piracy early this decade , and the new crop of video - sharing services that take steps to protect against piracy of copyrighted materials .
Io had argued that Veoh should be required to prescreen videos to prevent copyright infringement .
“ The court finds no reasonable juror could conclude that a comprehensive review of every file would be feasible , ” the judge wrote .
The court rejected a technical argument used in many Internet copyright cases in which Io claimed Veoh infringed its copyrights by automatically converting user - submitted videos into easy - to - watch Flash videos , a process called transcoding .
But Lloyd stressed that he does not intend his decision to open the flood gates to Internet video piracy .
“ The decision rendered here is confined to the particular combination of facts in this case and is not intended to push the bounds of the safe harbor so wide that less than scrupulous service providers may claim its protection , ” Lloyd wrote .
Among other issues with Io ’s lawsuit , the judge noted that Io had filed a lawsuit against Veoh instead of first providing the video company with notification of infringement .
Veoh had decided to bar all adult sexual content from its site and taken down the infringing
Io videos before the suit was filed , Lloyd noted .
“ We are very happy that the judge in this case recognized our compliance with the DMCA and our efforts to respect copyrights , ” Veoh spokesman Gaude Lydia Paez said .
The Io - Veoh case featured similar arguments to those used in two high - profile cases against Google Inc unit YouTube , the world ’s most popular video - sharing site .
Viacom Inc filed a $ 1 billion lawsuit in 2007 against YouTube calling it a site for “ massive intentional copyright infringement ” that had enabled hundreds of thousands of Viacom video clips to be pirated .
A second suit filed against YouTube by English soccer ’s Premier League and more than a dozen sports , entertainment and media plaintiffs is running in parallel in a New York federal court .
YouTube Chief Counsel Zahavah Levine hailed the Veoh ruling in a statement , saying that : “ It is great to see the court confirm that the DMCA protects services like YouTube that follow the law and respect copyrights . ”
Veoh ranked last week as the 17th most visited U.S. multimedia entertainment site according to Web measurement firm Hitwise Inc .
Financial backers include former Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Michael Eisner , former Viacom and MTV Networks Chief Executive Tom Freston , former Viacom Entertainment Group Chief Executive Jonathan Dolgen and investment bank Goldman Sachs .
WJNOBLOG has moved !
You should be automatically redirected in 6 seconds .
If not , visit
http://www.wjnoblog.com
and update your bookmarks .
Schramm 's doctorate was in the mathematical field of topology , but the most extraordinary thing about him was that in other fields of mathematics he was self - taught .
He was not , for example , trained in stochastic calculus , but , as a colleague observed , " he knew it all , not by reading books , but just by himself " .
Frequently – and this was not restricted to probability theory – he would look up references for the first time in order to give an appropriate credit in a paper he was writing , after he had worked out the proof for himself .
" Hey , that plant there is kind of shaped like my balls , " is something that you 're really not allowed to say in polite society .
It was n't always that way , though .
As it turns out , many of the words you use every day were invented by people who had wieners , balls and asses on the brain .
Yes , we 're serious .
For example : Advertisement
8 Hysteria What It Means Now :
An over emotional reaction , chaos , a Def Leppard album .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement The Dirty History :
The term comes from the Greek " Hystera , " which means womb or ovary , which also gives us the term hysterectomy .
Modern examples of hysteria are mostly riot related , but back in the Victorian era , it was considered a nervous condition for females , caused by their lady - parts .
Which , like riots , was stopped with fucking fire hoses .
That image shows the so - called " water massage " that was used to treat the condition .
For women who did n't like being shot in the crotch with a jet of high - pressure water , the doctor could use his fingers to create the same mysterious effect , which they referred to as " hysterical paroxysm " before someone explained to them what an orgasm was .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
7 Orchid What It Means Now : A type of flower .
The Dirty History :
At some point in history a botanist was looking at what is widely considered to be the most beautiful flower in existence when he noticed that the roots sort of looked like balls .
It 's unknown if he held the flower next to his crotch , pointed and laughed , but the observation stuck , and the plant was named for a ball - joke .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The term orchid comes from the Greek , orkhis , which means testicle .
This etymology of orchid makes the White Stripes lyrics , " You took a white orchid and turned it blue " make much , more sense .
6 Seminar What It Means Now : A group of experts speaking to a usually bored audience , or a certain kind of intensive college course .
The Dirty History : Seminar comes from the Latin term , " Seminis " which means semen .
This is used figuratively because it is a spawning ground for ideas , although it can definitely be taken literally , according to this porno we saw one time .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Nope .
You 're thinking of " seamen . "
It 's the other kind .
Likewise if you ever hear some important person referring to a " seminal " moment or idea , same thing .
It 's the ejaculation that gave birth to something new .
OK , we admit it also means " seed " but the word comes from Old French .
If it 's the French we 're talking about , which do you think they were referring to ?
HOMEBUYERS could save up to $ 80 a month on their mortgages under the Federal Government 's $ 4 billion plan to boost competition in the lending market  but it could take months for the benefits to flow through to household budgets .
As prospects for quick action in the US to tackle the global financial crisis dimmed yesterday , a Treasury analysis revealed the extent to which competition in the Australian lending market has been eroded by the meltdown .
Non-bank lenders ' share of the home mortgage market has shrivelled from more than 20 % in July last year to less than 10 % , after the crisis stymied the supply of cash available to smaller lenders .
Treasurer Wayne Swan has repeatedly urged disgruntled homebuyers to " vote with their feet " and switch to cheaper loans , but the growing dominance of the big banks means there is now little scope to do this .
Residential mortgage - backed securities  the key source of funds for the non-bank sector  are now being issued at a rate of around $ 830 million a month , compared to $ 6 billion a month before the crisis .
Rev. Jesse Jackson's ' Crude and Hurtful ' Barack Obama Comments ( Video )
was caught making " crude and hurtful comments " aboutin an interview with a Fox News reporter on Sunday .
Unaware that his microphone was still on , Jackson was asked what he thought about Obama speaking in black churches , and at one point says he wants to " cut his n**s out . "
The Rev. issued a statement at a press conference in Chicago on Wednsesday :
For any harm or hurt that this hot mic private conversation may have caused , I apologize .
My support for Senator Obama_s campaign is wide , deep and unequivocal .
I cherish this redemptive and historical moment .
My appeal was for the moral content of his message to not only deal with the personal and moral responsibility of black males , but to deal with the collective moral responsibility of government and the public policy which would be a corrective action for the lack of good choices that often led to their irresponsibility .
That was the context of my private conversation and it does not reflect any disparagement on my part for the historic event in which we are involved or my pride in Senator Barack Obama , who is leading it , whom I have supported by crisscrossing this nation in every level of media and audience from the beginning in absolute terms .
Fox News will air the Jackson tape tonight on 's show .
As soon as there is a video available you can check back here to see the tape from The O'Reilly Factor .
UPDATE : View video below .
photos : Wenn
| by
Pin Share 0 Shares
Reading time : 8 – 13 minutes
Welcome to the 13th edition of the Cancer Research Blog Carnival , the blog carnival devoted to cancer research .
There ’s a revolution occurring on the Web : those “ authoritative ” articles written on traditional , static websites are being replaced with blogs , wikis and online social networks .
In the sphere of health , medicine and information technology , this “ real - time Web ” consists of many who are professionals in the field ; their posts are listed below .
In the digital age , these are the characteristics of new media : recent , relevant , reachable and reliable .
Everyone knows that cancer is a devastating disease .
What many people do n’t know is that cancer kills more than 1,500 people a day ; that ’s one person every minute .
Tonight , Stand Up To Cancer , a one - hour fundraising event , will be simulcast on all three major U.S. networks .
The goal of Stand Up To Cancer ( SU2C ) is to enable cutting - edge research aimed at finding a cure to all types of cancer and making cancer part of the national debate .
Since 2001 , federal deficits resulting from a number of fiscal pressures , including the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , increased national defense spending and hurricane Katrina , have together placed significant stress on the resources available for U.S. biomedical research .
Between the fiscal years 2004 and 2007 , the National Cancer Institute ’s budget remained relatively flat .
However , factoring in inflation ( i.e. a Biomedical Research and Development Price Index ( BRDPI ) of ~ 3.8 % per year ) reveals a 12 % loss of purchasing power [ 1 ] .
This decrease in resources comes as patient demand is growing .
There was an estimated 1.5 million new cancer cases in 2007 , an increase of 14 % since 2001 [ 2 ] .
The U.S. spends roughly $ 12 billion dollars every month fighting the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
That ’s 33 times more than what is spent on cancer research annually .
Imagine what we could do if just a fraction of those resources was dedicated to cancer research .
Join the fight against cancer !
We ’re all connected through cancer .
Indeed , everyone knows someone affected by the disease .
Tonight and in the coming months , join the fight !
I encourage you to tune in to Stand Up To Cancer and support the next generation of groundbreaking cancer research .
As we join together to fight cancer , let ’s get the the research , discoveries and advances highlighted in this months edition of the Cancer Research Blog Carnival .
Cancer Research Blog Carnival # 13
Science - based Medicine
With all the credible health information online , an equal or greater amount of misinformation also exists .
Frequently , false or misleading propaganda or marketing claims result in misconceptions about common health matters .
Dr. Steven Novella writes about Attitudes and Public Health , reviewing the results of a new global survey showing that the public is misinformed about the risk factors for cancer [ 3 ] .
The Things I Wish My Mother Would Have Told Me
Mia Perovetz ’s mother died of breast cancer .
She created a short video for a Breast Cancer Film Festival and as the trailer for her upcoming New York play , contemplating The Things I Wish My Mother Would Have Told Me .
I wanted to follow in my mother ’s footsteps .
I knew how great she was .
Everyone wanted to be her or even just be liked by her .
But how far do I have to follow until I fear that her destiny will become mine ?
The Medical Quack
There is a variety of anti-cancer drugs available to oncologists .
However , before highly toxic drugs are given to a patient , it would be advantageous to know which drugs are effective against a their cancer cells .
Barbara Duck describes a new test called the Microvessel Vascular assay , writing that a Cancer Physician Invents Test For New Drugs That Cut Off Tumor ’s Blood Supply [ 4 ] .
Medication Non-adherence
One in two patients do not take their medications as prescribed .
Alex Sicre writes about patient medication adherence , republishing a recent study abstract showing that A Video Game Improves Behavioral Outcomes in Adolescents and Young Adults With Cancer [ 5 ] .
Musings of a Distractible Mind
Zippy is a lobster friend of Dr. Rob ( yes , I said lobster friend ) .
Zippy ’s goal is to raise money for brain cancer research and to have many adventures doing so .
Dr. Rob asks readers to support Zippy the lobster and his Cancer Quest to raise funds for scientific and clinical research through the Childhood Brain Tumor Foundation .
BayBlab
Cancer biomarkers have been the focus of a great deal of research over the past few years .
Dogs tell us there ’s something detectable , as they can identify cancer patients by scent with startling accuracy .
Kamel explores Early Cancer Detection : Dogs with Frickin’ Laser Beams [ 6 ] .
Living the Scientific Life ( Scientist , Interrupted )
GrrlScientist asks The Handmaid ’s Tale : Fact or Fiction ? as she discusses a Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) draft document proposing to redefine nearly all forms of birth control as a form of abortion .
It would allow any federal grant recipient to obstruct a woman ’s access to contraception and prevent women from accessing treatments for diseases such as cancer if those treatments could harm a fetus .
Think Gene
One type of gene therapy involves the introdution of a “ good ” gene into targeted cells to fight or prevent disease .
However , done incorrectly , gene therapy can also cause cancer .
Given the extremely low survival rates in pancreatic cancer patients , Josh suggests a gene therapy that may be worth trying , republishing a press release announcing that VCU Massey Cancer Researchers Find Gene Therapy that Kills Pancreatic Cancer Cells [ 7 ] .
Gene Sherpas : Personalized Medicine and You
Like colorectal cancer , the survival rate of ovarian cancer improves greatly with early diagnosis .
Dr. Steve Murphy reflects on some facts on ovarian cancer , announcing that September is Now Ovarian Cancer Month .
e-patients.net
E-patients are health consumers who use the Internet to gather information about a medical condition of particular interest to them .
Guest posting at e-patients .net , cancer patient Monique tells why she does n’t see herself as “ e ” .
Remember the Mayo Clinic study proving that optimists live longer then pessimists , which did n’t surprise the pessimists , not one bit ?
Well , somebody is going to prove what we already suspect : e- patients get better medical care , without being rich .
C- patients get sub -standard care .
E- patients live longer .
And , e-vidently , e-ssentially , better .
Britannica Blog
Nanotechnology is the science and technology of building devices from single atoms and molecules .
Tasha Moideen offers a video from the National Cancer Institue describing the applications of Nanotechnology & Cancer in cancer research , prevention and treatment .
Terra Sigillata
Methadone is a synthetic opioid , which is used medically as a pain reliever , cough suppressant and maintenance anti-addictive for use in patients on opioids .
It was reported last month that methadone can kill leukemia cells and overcomes chemoresistance [ 8 ] .
Abel Pharmboy comments on the development of Methadone For Cancer ( No ) and Cancer Pain ( Yes ) .
OncoChat
Vytorin is a drug used to treat elivated lipids in the blood by inhibiting the absortipon of cholesterol by the small intestine .
However , there ’s insufficient data to prove that it reduces cardiovascular disease .
Now , scientists are discussing a link between the cholesterol - fighting medicine and cancer [ 9 ] .
Sally Church asks , Vytorin and Cancer – is there a link ?
Conclusion
My thanks to everyone that contributed articles — it ’s been great hosting the Cancer Research Blog Carnival for a second time this year .
Be sure to take a moment and let your fellow bloggers know this issue is available so that everyone ’s hard work can be appreciated and enjoyed by all .
The Cancer Research Blog Carnival is looking for future hosts .
You can find both the hosting schedule and past editions at the Cancer Research Blog Carnival website .
For more information on the U.S. investment in cancer research , you can read the NCI ’s plan and budget proposal for fiscal year 2009 .
References
[ Gamasutra 's A History of Gaming Platforms series continues with a look at Atari's 8 - bit computer series .
Need to catch up ?
Check out the first five articles in the series , covering the Commodore 64 , Vectrex , Apple II , Atari 2600 , and Mattel Intellivision . ]
When many thirty - something gamers in the U.S. hear the words " 8 - bit computer , " they likely picture a Commodore 64 ( C64 ) or an Apple II .
The word " Atari " is forever associated with the arcade and the Atari VCS ( aka 2600 ) , the latter of which was covered in an earlier entry in this series .
However , Atari also released a smorgasbord of 8 - bit personal computers , collectively known as the Atari 8 - bit computer series .
The series evolved in dramatic ways , but never quite reached the same levels of popularity as Apple and Commodore systems .
Nevertheless , today , the Atari 8 - bit platform is as well supported as any other classic computer series .
TYPICAL SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS
Release Year : 1979
Resolution : 80 x 192
On - Screen Colors : 16
Sound : 4 Channels , Mono
Media Format(s ) : Cartridge , Cassette , 5.25 " Floppy Disk
Main Memory : 48KB
An original Atari 800 with the cartridge door open and BASIC inserted into the left cartridge slot .
History and Hardware
Since Atari Inc.'s founding in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell , the company focused first on arcade video games and then added home Pong - style consoles into the mix by 1975 .
In 1976 , Bushnell sold Atari to Warner Communications to help fund development of the " Stella " home video game project , which was released as the Atari Video Computer System ( VCS ) in 1977 .
The VCS would come to be a breakthrough success , both for Atari and the neophyte home video game industry , but Bushnell left the company in 1978 after a disagreement with Ray Kassar , who Warner had appointed president of Atari 's Consumer Division .
After Bushnell 's exit , Warner named Kassar the CEO of the entire Atari Corporation .
Unlike Bushnell , Kassar and Warner management wanted Atari 's energies to also turn to the nascent home computer market .
Under Kassar 's direction , the creative and relaxed hacker culture of the company was reduced to a Dilbert - like atmosphere of disgruntled nerds and humorless suits .
Atari's home computer division was launched and segregated from the home video game and arcade divisions .
The VCS 's successor , which was already on the drawing board , was re-envisioned as a home computer .
As opposed to competitive computer systems at the time , the " Candy " and " Colleen " 8 - bit computer projects ( legend has it that Atari engineers would code - name projects after attractive female employees ) were designed around Atari 's proven strengths in gaming .
The idea was to combine great game - playing abilities with plug - and - play ease of use .
Members of the team that worked on the VCS worked on the design of the Atari computers .
This team included industry legend Jay Miner , who years later designed another innovative computer , the Commodore Amiga .
The Atari 400 , shown to the left with its original membrane keyboard and to the right in a modified form with custom aftermarket full stroke keyboard and open cartridge door , was intended as the entry level model of the system line .
In late 1979 , riding the huge success of its VCS , Atari released the Atari 400 ( " Candy " ) and the Atari 800 ( " Colleen " ) .
The 400 was intended as a starter computer , while the 800 was a higher - end alternative for more sophisticated users .
By 1980 , Atari formed a large portion of Warner Communications ' total revenue and became the fastest growing company in U.S. history , mirroring Apple 's own meteoric success and preceding Commodore 's ascension by several years .
" The Atari 400 is a microcomputer that was designed with game - players firmly in mind .
Using a 6502 microprocessor combined with 128 - color capability and four , independent sound synthesizers , gaming comes quite naturally to this budget - priced home computer . "
- Electronic Games magazine , 1983 Buyer 's Guide
The Atari 400 , which used the MOS 6502B microprocessor , came with 8 KB RAM ( later 16KB ) , a cartridge port , four controller ports , television output , and a membrane keyboard .
This keyboard , which featured slightly indented keys on its plastic sheet - like surface , was intended to be " childproof . "
It was easy to keep clean and was resistant to the occasional splash of Kool - Aid , but was notoriously difficult to type on .
With some technical effort , the memory could eventually be expanded to 48KB and the keyboard replaced , but even with those improvements the 400 still could not match the overall feature set of the 800 .
The popular Atari 410 cassette recorder and 1050 5.25 " floppy disk drive , the former with styling that matches the original 400/800 and the latter an aesthetic match for the 600XL / 800XL/1200XL .
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) --
The number of children sickened by suspected melamine - tainted milk products in China has more than doubled and apparently spread beyond mainland China -- raising fears that the impact of the tainted products could be more widespread that initially thought .
China 's Health Ministry announced Sunday that 12,892 infants and young children have been sickened by tainted milk powder -- more than double the number previously reported -- according to state - run Xinhua news agency .
Of these , 104 have serious symptoms , and 1,579 have been cured and discharged , the agency said .
Previously , Chinese officials said more than 6,200 children had been sickened by melamine found in baby formula .
At least four children have died .
Xinhua reported the first death from from the toxin on September 12 .
In addition , nearly 40,000 other infants and young children have received outpatient medical treatment and consultation as a result of the tainted milk , Xinhua reported on Sunday .
Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal »
The latest statistics from mainland China come after Hong Kong reported late Saturday that a 3 - year - old girl has been sickened by a suspected melamine - tainted milk product -- the first known illness outside of mainland China .
The child in Hong Kong was diagnosed with a kidney stone at Princess Margaret Hospital , the government reported , citing a hospital statement .
Although tests are still ongoing , her illness is suspected to be linked to consuming milk products containing melamine , the hospital statement said .
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference in children 's lives
The child has been released , and her condition will be monitored , it said .
Meanwhile , Hong Kong 's Center for Food Safety announced Sunday that a sample of Nestle Dairy Farm Pure Milk , sold in one - liter packs for catering use only , had tested positive for melamine .
But the Swiss company said in a news release it is " confident " none of its milk products made in China contains the chemical .
The officials asked that retail sales of the milk for catering be halted , and that Nestle recall the product .
" The level of melamine detected in the Nestle sample was 1.4 ppm ( parts per million ) , which the center believed is low .
However , small children should not consume the product , " the center said .
Learn more about the chemical melamine »
The other 64 samples were free from the toxic substance , according to the Hong Kong government Web site .
In a news release on its Web site , Nestle did not address the report regarding its Dairy Farm Pure Milk , but it disputed press reports that -- according to Nestle -- said melamine was found in its powdered toddler milk formula , NESLAC Gold 1 + , designed for children ages 1 to 3 .
" Following press reports in Hong Kong earlier today claiming that traces of melamine had been found in a Nestle growing up milk , Nestle is confident that none of its products in China is made from milk adulterated with melamine , " the company said .
" The Hong Kong Government 's Food and Environmental Health Department has just released a report declaring that NESLAC Gold 1 + , which was mentioned in the media reports , is safe and that no melamine was detected in the product , " Nestle said .
The company , based in Vevey , Switzerland , said NESLAC Gold 1 + also was tested by at least two government - approved , independent laboratories , and none of them detected melamine in the mixture .
" Over 70 different tests are routinely conducted in the course of producing infant formula and other milk products , " Nestle said .
" In fact , the Chinese authorities have issued official certificates for all tested Nestle products stating that no melamine has been detected in any of them . "
Nestle noted that " melamine is found throughout the food chain across the world in minute traces which do not represent any health risk for consumers . "
It noted that a 3 - year - old would have to consume over 40 liters of milk that contained 2 ppm of melamine to exceed internationally recognized safety limits , which vary by country .
Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants .
It has shown up in testing done on milk and yogurt , prompting at least two supermarket chains in Hong Kong to pull dairy products by Mengniu and Yili from store shelves , representatives from the companies told CNN Friday .
Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation .
The Chinese State Administration of Quality Supervision , Inspection and Quarantine said the amount of the chemical found in the milk would not cause ill effects in adults who drank less than two liters a day .
More than 18 people have been arrested in the contaminant cases .
Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year .
The chemical , a byproduct of plastic manufacturing , can be used to mimic high - protein additives .
All About China • Food Safety • Product Recalls • Hong Kong
Immigrant sanctuary laws seen as practical Rules shielding illegal immigrants can aid policing
San Francisco's 1989 sanctuary law grew out of the religious - based sanctuary movement through which churches across the country offered a safe haven to Central Americans who fled civil war and political persecution but were unable to gain asylum in the United States .
For local governments , however , the motivation behind sanctuary policies today has more to do with effective policing than humanitarian impulses .
" Some police departments say ... ' We do n't want our police officers enforcing immigration law because if they do , victims and witnesses of crimes wo n't cooperate with us , ' " said Kevin Johnson , dean of the UC Davis law school and an expert on immigration and civil rights law .
Last week , San Francisco 's sanctuary ordinance came under fire after The Chronicle revealed the Juvenile Probation Department 's practice of flying illegal immigrant teenagers convicted of drug offenses back to their home countries or housing them in unlocked group homes .
Mayor Gavin Newsom denounced the practice , and city officials are now working with federal immigration authorities to develop a new approach for handling juvenile illegal immigrants who commit crimes .
Legal analysts , city officials and immigrant advocates say San Francisco 's practice was not required - and not intended - by sanctuary laws .
Former San Jose Police Chief Joseph McNamara , who is now a fellow at the conservative Hoover Institution , was aghast at the San Francisco Juvenile Probation Department 's approach : " It 's just incredible to think they were spending all that money to help criminals evade being deported , " he said .
But he directed his officers not to cooperate with federal immigration raids when he was chief from 1976 to 1991 and said the policy played an important part in rebuilding community trust in the department .
" There 's a real debate going on nationally in police circles , but in almost every large city I know of , police departments have the same attitude :
We have to work with these communities ; we can't have them viewing the police as the enemy because then you get this ' Do n't snitch ' policy , " McNamara said .
Richmond police spokesman Lt. Mark Gagan has said his department 's policy is not to investigate immigration status on its own but to work with the federal office of Immigration and Customs Enforcement in dealing with violent criminals .
San Francisco is among scores of cities in California and around the country with sanctuary laws , according to the National Immigration Law Center .
Several states also have such policies .
The laws vary , but most bar the use of local resources to enforce federal immigration rules or prohibit police and other local officials from questioning residents about their immigration status .
They do generally allow cooperation with federal immigration officials in dealing with criminals .
San Francisco's " city of refuge " policy arose in the 1980s when the United States was backing the governments of El Salvador and Guatemala and did n't recognize most of the refugees from those countries as having legitimate asylum claims .
Kathleen Healy , a nun with the Sisters of the Presentation , remembers working with St. Teresa of Avila Catholic Church to establish what is believed to be San Francisco 's first sanctuary church .
" We felt we were doing the right thing , even though we were warned we could be arrested , " she said .
" We took three refugee women into our convent . "
In 2007 , faith leaders launched a new sanctuary movement geared toward protecting today 's undocumented immigrants , most of whom are in the country for economic reasons .
A pledge drafted by the interfaith New Sanctuary Movement states in part , " We are deeply grieved by the violence done to families through immigration raids .
We cannot in good conscience ignore such suffering and injustice . "
Federal law does n't require local governments to report illegal immigrants , but ICE officials encourage local and state law enforcement to collaborate .
" We understand there may be policies and procedures at the local level that affect the way that collaboration can occur , " said ICE spokeswoman Virginia Kice .
" Our goal is to impress upon local agencies the ways the community can benefit . "
Federal immigration officials have been increasing their efforts to screen jail and prison inmates to find people who may be deportable , including both undocumented immigrants and legal immigrants who have committed certain felonies .
Some local officials - from Florida state troopers to Maricopa County , Ariz. , sheriff 's deputies - are getting training from federal immigration authorities and being deputized to enforce immigration law themselves .
" Why is it that some cities are sanctuary cities and some are tough on immigrants ?
That reveals the ambivalence we have as a nation toward immigrants of all sorts and undocumented immigrants particularly , " said Johnson , the UC Davis dean .
" This is one of the myriad issues that come up in immigration law that hopefully Congress and the new president will take up in the near future .
" Sometimes you want a policy even if you do n't like what the policy is .
I think the nation is yearning for a policy one way or another . "
San Francisco's City of Refuge Ordinance
The ordinance reads , in part : " No department , agency , commission , officer or employee of the City and County of San Francisco shall use any City funds or resources to assist in the enforcement of federal immigration law or to gather or disseminate information regarding the immigration status of individuals in the City and County of San Francisco unless such assistance is required by federal or State statute , regulation or court decision . "
The law was amended in 1992 to add : " Nothing in this Chapter shall prohibit , or be construed as prohibiting , a law enforcement officer from identifying and reporting any person pursuant to State an federal law or regulation who is in custody after being booked for the alleged commission of a felony and is suspected of violating the civil provisions of the immigration laws . "
Here 's a quiz to see if you have what it takes to survive a zombie outbreak .
If you do n't plan on being zombie food , you 're going to have to be luckier than your grandma who wins bingo every week .
Take this quiz to decide whether or not you would survive the zombie apocalypse .
Literature And Pamphlets Are Protected By The First Amendment
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
ST .
PAUL - The American Civil Liberties Union of Minnesota filed a lawsuit in federal court late last night calling for the release of literature and educational materials that were illegally seized by police during mass raids on private homes and a gather place earlier this week .
The raids were part of what appears to be a massive government crackdown on free speech during the Republican National Convention .
" Pamphlets and buttons are constitutionally - protected forms of free speech and the police have no business going around confiscating them from innocent people , " said Chuck Samuelson , Executive Director of the ACLU of Minnesota .
" It is greatly disturbing if and when the materials are released , it will be too late for their owners to distribute them at the convention . "
The ACLU filed the lawsuit on behalf of six individuals who own the confiscated material , which includes First Amendment - protected literature , buttons , pamphlets , leaflets and books .
None of those individuals have been arrested or charged with any crime .
The complaint charges that the materials were seized in an effort to " chill First Amendment rights to distribute literature , to disseminate ideas , to peaceably assemble , and to redress grievances – all protected under the First and Fourteenth Amendments " of the Constitution .
" Seizing boxes and boxes of literature is another example of the wide - reaching government assault on free speech throughout the convention , " said Samuelson .
" This kind of law enforcement abuse of power has no place in a democracy . "
The complaint was filed against the cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis , Minnesota 's Ramsey County , Ramsey County Sheriff Robert Fletcher , three deputies of the Ramsey County Sheriff 's Department , and unnamed St. Paul and Minneapolis police officers .
Attorneys on the case are Terri Nelson , legal counsel with the ACLU of MN ; ACLU volunteer lawyers Al Goins and Rick Petry ; and Geneva Finn of the National Lawyers Guild .
It 's not funny .
Okay , maybe it 's worth a chortle .
It 's also likely not effective , but if you do n't want your early '90s vintage Buick Century to be washed or blown away by nature 's fury , you try stuff .
Besides , if you 're in the midst of an evacuation frenzy , what do you really have time to do ?
It looks like this owner had the opportunity to toss a carpet on the roof and use what looks like a garden hose to hopefully keep the Buick from washing into the next county .
Perhaps the carpet is indicative that the car might make a gnarly floating platform once the flood hits , and what better way to show off than by sipping Pepper Eaters on the only carpeted raft in town as the eye passes overhead ?
Turning a tree into an impromptu mooring will keep the potential party barge in the harbor , too .
Since the Century wo n't float for too long without some aftermarket modifications , and hurricanes are no fun , especially when they 're the size of Texas , we 'll just hope that this person 's car and carpet weathered the storm unscathed .
[ Source : Digg
According to the report , half of the 16 - and 17 - year - olds surveyed said their peers use marijuana more than tobacco .
More teens say it ’s easier to acquire marijuana than beer .
And there ’s a 35 % increase from last year in the number of teens who say they can buy marijuana within an hour and a 14 % increase in the number of teens who say they can find it in a day .
[ MPP ]
Teens who can obtain marijuana readily are more likely to use it .
Forty - five percent of teens who say they can get marijuana in an hour or less have used the drug , compared to 10 percent of those teens who say it would take them a day to get it and less than one percent of teens who say they would be unable to get it .
Today , the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse ( CASA ) released a new study that perfectly demolishes one of the central myths underlying the war on drugs .
The National Survey on American Attitudes on Substance Abuse shows that youth access to marijuana has increased significantly in the past year :
It almost speaks for itself .
Nothing could more directly obliterate the false notion that the war on marijuana is reducing youth access .
Just days ago , the drug czar stood on a California mountaintop proudly pronouncing the importance of marijuana eradication .
He 's bent over backwards to explain that reductions in youth marijuana use provide proof that the war on marijuana is working .
What then can be said about marijuana 's ever - increasing availability to young people ?
Rather obviously , recent declines in youth marijuana use owe nothing to the brutal and controversial tactics the drug czar is duty - bound to defend .
After another year of dead dogs dead informants and dead cops , marijuana is more available to our children than ever before .
If fewer of them are using , then that is because they do n't feel like it , not because they do n't know where to get any .
Of course , the drug war supporters at CASA must have realized how badly their data reflects on marijuana prohibition , so they cooked up one the most embarrassingly backwards statistics possible :
Oh , mercy .
Is it really necessary to explain that teens who smoke marijuana are more likely to know where to buy it ?
This is just a crime against the scientific method , a pathetic face - saving ruse to defend marijuana prohibition within a report that unintentionally – yet transparently -- humiliates the drug war status quo .
Today , the drug war 's failure to keep drugs out of the hands of our young people has been revealed in stark , unambiguous terms .
No , the debate wo n't end here , but it is moments like this that cause one drug warrior after another , after another to jump ship and admit that the whole thing is just a monumental travesty .
Being a sports reporter is , at times , an absolutely horrible job .
Sure you get to watch games , travel and interact with athletes , but there is a horrendous downside .
( Which is pretty much everything else . )
And this is never more disturbingly clear than when a reporter has their first ( or 50th ) awful experience with a half - naked , exhausted athlete .
Sometimes they 'll be openly dismissive , sometimes they 'll yell , and sometimes , well , they 'll fart in your face .
Most of these stories never end up in the newspaper the next day .
So now , Deadspin proudly presents " The Dark Side of the Locker Room " where current and former sports writers can share some of their most distressing interactions .
If you 've got your own story to share , please send it along to ajd@deadspin.com .
Advertisement
Tommy Craggs is a writer for Play and Slate and other magazines .
Tommy Craggs spent an enlightening period of time with the Knicks ' Stephon Marbury for a New York magazine profile .
Here 's one part that did n't make the story .
We were sitting in a Charleston , S.C. , hotel room , Stephon Marbury and I , debating the finer points of Holy Scripture .
Specifically , we were talking about Noah's Ark and spaceships , but let 's not get ahead of ourselves .
This was a little less than a year ago , the night before training camp and in retrospect probably the last good night any Knick would have that season .
I was in Charleston on assignment for New York Magazine , working on a profile of Marbury , who in the preceding six months had given an excellent impression of a man gone completely and very publicly round the bend .
There were the rambling interviews .
There was the cameo in the Anucha Browne Sanders lawsuit , from which we learned that Marbury was doing full - gainers into the Knicks ' intern pool .
And there were the weird pronouncements : " I drink life 's happy water which is bottled at the divine source , " he blogged for the New York Post at one point , a sentiment that falls roughly halfway between Lourdes and Jonestown .
Advertisement
It was getting late , and Marbury was tucked snugly into bed , and all I could see of him was his large bald dome , lolling about just above the covers .
A personal assistant , a fellow named Gaylord , was snoring softly from a nearby couch .
We were on the sixth floor of the Charleston Place hotel , where earlier in the day Marbury had checked in under the initials " JCIMS . "
In the past , he told me , he would travel under a series of different names — usually " Star - something , " he recalled .
But perhaps he found it a touch grandiose , naming himself for the firmament .
So " JCIMS " it was .
Jesus Christ Is My Savior .
We talked about many things that night .
About the Knicks .
About his shoe line and his philanthropy .
About the business of basketball .
( It was here that he declared memorably : " If I did n't play the way how I played , I would n't have gotten no max contract .
...
Do n't get mad at me , because I 'm telling you what 's real .
One plus one is two , all day long , and it 's never gonna change .
And that 's factorial . " )
He spoke wistfully of the family time he 'd sacrificed for the game .
" Like my son going to the bathroom for the first , " he told me .
" Those are monumental moments . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Mostly , though , Marbury seemed bored .
He had played basketball 's boogeyman for so long — since the start of high school , really ( reading The Last Shot now , you 're struck not by young Marbury 's ambition and cynicism , with which we 're very familiar , but by the lucidity of his thoughts , with which we most definitely are not ) .
By now Marbury was well - accustomed to explaining himself to journalists , and before long his answers started to drift from their moorings and more and more seemed to be directed at the Monday Night Football game unfolding on his television .
It was about this time that I said I do n't believe in God .
Let me say here that I generally found Marbury to be an accessible , fairly genial subject , or at least I did right up until he proved himself to be neither , just a few weeks later .
( This had something to do with my contacting Gaylord , his assistant , without Marbury 's permission , after which I was denied any future access .
This still seems backward to me , but as the Good Book tells us , " The wind blows where it wishes . " )
Marbury liked to communicate via text message , and I can report to you that even Stephon Marbury , on occasion , says " LOL . "
So believe me when I tell you that , while what follows may at times sound like a pointed exchange between a believer and a skeptic , it was not , as these things go , altogether unpleasant .
It was just so unexpected : an epistemological inquiry with Stephon Marbury
Advertisement
It began when I spotted a Bible on the end table and asked if he had read any of it today .
" I'm in Genesis , " he explained .
" I 'm reading from the front to the back . "
" The good stuff 's up front , " I offered .
Marbury agreed .
" Genesis is hot . "
He turned to me .
I knew where this was going .
" What 's your religion ? " he asked .
I told him I had none .
" At the end of the day , it 's all about you and your relationship with — you believe in God , right ? "
Advertisement
I do n't .
" You do n't believe in God ? "
I do n't .
Marbury chewed on this for a moment .
" Everybody 's different , " he said .
" You do n't believe in God. So ... are you an atheist ? "
Advertisement
Yes , I would say so .
Some bad Abbott and Costello dialogue ensued .
Marbury began poking at the edges of my non-belief , trying to take its measure .
Advertisement
" So that 's like you not believing — like , if I said to you , somebody could jump from the free - throw line , you automatically do n't believe it ? "
It 's nothing like that .
" So you do n't believe there was a Jesus Christ ? "
I believe that Jesus was a great carpenter .
Marbury laughed .
" That 's cool .
That 's what you believe . "
We went on in this vein for awhile .
I expressed the standard skepticism about Noah and the 300 - cubit - long boat that could somehow accommodate the rough equivalent of the San Diego Zoo , at which point Marbury offered the following thought that we now pick up midstream :
" ...
Why does green mean that 's the color green ?
Why can't you say another word for green being green ?
Know what I 'm saying ? "
Advertisement
I did not .
" If your mind can transform thoughts to create rockets to go into space , who is to say if an Ark was built ?
Like , if you could build spaceships to go from off this ground , to go up into the sky , and go land on the moon — you 're saying , these things can't happen ?
So everything gets challenged , you understand what I 'm saying ? "
Advertisement
I did not , but he was rolling now .
" So at that time , they probably would say , ' Nobody can make a rocket to go up into space . '
You know what I 'm saying ?
Who 's gonna build it , how they gonna built it to go all the way up ? "
Advertisement
It soon emerged that Marbury had never met an atheist .
And so , for a half - hour , he turned the questions onto me .
He asked if I felt lost .
He asked if I felt confused .
He asked what I wanted out of life .
He invited me to church .
( Marbury goes to Christian Cultural Center , a megachurch at the far edge of Brooklyn .
It 's the sort of church that has ATMs .
A few weeks after this interview , I texted Marbury and asked if his offer was still good , joking stupidly that God might strike me down at the door .
He responded : " GOD will never strike you down .
GOD is love and love is love .
You do n't get it , and that 's ok .
In time . " )
Atheism seemed to confound him .
I ventured that in fact he probably had met an atheist before , and that many , if not all , of the journalists covering him are very likely atheists ( not that I had any evidence ) .
" For real ? " Marbury replied .
He thought that over for what seemed like a long time .
The next day , after practice , I was milling around the sideline with the rest of the media .
I heard someone call out .
Advertisement
" Hey , Tommy ! Tommy ! "
It was Marbury , splayed lengthwise and propped on an elbow .
He was rolling back and forth on some sort of padded cylinder .
I went over to him .
The beat guys , none of whom knew me from Adam , turned to look at me .
" All ? " Marbury asked , gesturing to the press .
" All of them ? "
Embarrassed , I explained the matter to my colleagues .
Howard Beck , from the New York Times , just shook his head and smiled thinly and began to walk away .
" I 'm not even going to touch that . "
Advertisement
Amen .
Here 's a quick geopolitical quiz :
What country is three times the size of Texas and has more than 300 days of blazing sun a year ?
What country has the world 's largest oil reserves resting below miles upon miles of sand ?
And what country is being given nuclear power , not solar , by President George W. Bush , even when the mere assumption of nuclear possession in its region has been known to provoke pre-emptive air strikes , even wars ?
If you answered Saudi Arabia to all of these questions , you 're right .
Last ...
One of the classes that I teach deals with power , both generation and use , and so I start the semester with a review of where I see that we currently stand as an overview before getting into more mundane details , such as the inner workings of a generator .
The spacing of a year between using these particular slides also gives a little perspective on how things have changed , and updating individual slides emphasizes where the most significant changes have been , in my opinion .
So let me show you the slides I am adding or changing , and explain , relatively briefly , why .
Although the days are still relatively hot and the sun high in the sky , this summer is coming to an end .
The order has gone in for the wood that will help us heat the house this winter , and the students have arrived for a new semester .
Which means , a little late as usual , it is time to dust off the lecture notes ( which now - a - days come as Powerpoint presentations ) , and start the annual update .
The first change has been to alter the slide that used to show the general situation , from the ASPO curve on oil supply that I have used in the past , to that from the Megaprojects analysis , using the August 2008 projection .
However , instead of the featured curve from that article , I replaced it with the one that comes near the bottom end of the comments .
In contrast with the earlier curve , Khebab plotted this with a decline rate of 5.2 % rather than the 4.5 % decline used in the derivation of the main plot , and given the reports of higher decline rates I am no longer comfortable using the lower number .
My main reason for the change was to highlight the changing impact of an increase in decline rate , and so I contrasted this with the original predication that came at the top of Khebab 's post .
In order to justify my emphasis on the change I had then ( in what turned out to be a back - to - the - blackboard moment ) to explain the reasons for depletion , and the change in the rate brought about by the increased use of horizontal wells .
To show the reality of the change and its impacts I used the example of Cantarell , but just changed the wording on the slide to note that though the field peaked at over 2 mbd in 2004 , it is now ( again from comments ) below 1 mbd ( the July figure was 973,668 barrels / day ) .
The decline curves for the North Sea also emphasise the higher rates , and I added to them this year the plot that Euan made of the coming decline in British fuel supplies .
To explain why there was going to be no salvation from the Middle East I combined another visit to the board ( to explain water floods ) and then added the aerial plots of wells that JoulesBurn has posted , as a supplement to the section through Abqaiq , as an illustration of my comment that I cannot see production from that area being sustained more than four years from now .
The plots show that the most recent wells are concentrated along the crests of the anticlines .
Turning to natural gas , the most promising development of the year has been the increases in production due to the development of the Barnett , Utica , Haynesville and Marcellus shales .
It has just been hailed by the NYT as possibly marking the start of a era in energy production .
However , after a couple of slides showing their location and the advanced technology being used to get the gas out , I reverted to the pessimism of an earlier post where the very short life of those wells was discussed .
( I will save a comment about the Pickens Plan and the projected use of natural gas supply that it calls for until next year . )
There was a short discussion of Barnett shale production , led by DownSouth , last week which led me to the Texas Railroad Commission reports and the transience of some of the well lives is illustrated by production numbers from different fields of the Barnett Shale .
I chose the numbers from the Golden Corral field as illustrative for the class .
Pre-2003 . . . . 0
2003 . . . . . . . . 13,010 mcf
2004 . . . . . . . . .1,708 mcf
2005 . . . . . . . . .0
2006 . . . . . . . . . 129
2007 . . . . . . . .
8,869
2008 . . . . . . . . . . 867
With U.S. gas production declining it was then worth adding a couple of pictures from Jerome , first showing the gas pipelines running from Russia into Europe .
And then , following the ongoing situation in Georgia , to show the pipeline map , to which Jerome has also referred .
Putting these two together , allowed me to wax pessimistic about the supplies of fuel from the Central Asian states , such as Turkmenistan and the overall problems of supply for the West as China acquires gas from a pipeline into the region .
It also allowed a couple of remarks about the predatory nature of Gazprom and the recent problem that BP has encountered in working in Russia , as emphasis to the likely future of fuel supplies from that part of the world .
The lecture went on to talk about the problems of supply in the face of the growing domestic use by producers ( the Export Land Model ) and some concerns about the political power shifts that are now underway .
It concluded with some thoughts on possible solutions including some slides on the Oil Sands of Alberta , the heavy oil deposits in the United States and elsewhere , and the potential impacts of other fuels .
Although the hydrogen caravan passed through town last week , I saved a comment on that technology to the following lecture in the section related to batteries ( which also included pumped storage ) .
The class ended , after repeating comments and slides that have appeared here before on both corn and cellulosic ethanol , with a short discussion on the use of fire underground for either in - situ combustion of coal , or for the THAI process in Alberta .
Personal experiences in the difficulties in monitoring and controlling the flame front in such circumstances ended the class on the same pessimistic note as that on which it began .
And yet I had to request a larger classroom , since the additional students overfilled the original ( albeit small ) room .
So perhaps there may be some ray of hope for the future , with the increasing number of students coming into the business - but alas it will take too long to train them and to find the necessary solutions for this to get us out of the problem years that we are now entering .
And apropos a comment last year , where 4 students had worked in operations over the summer where they were asked to participate in load shedding , this year there was only one .
That John McCain -- he ’s such a maverick !
Just when you thought you had him figured out , McCain threw another curveball -- picking rookie Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , whom he barely knows , as his running mate .
As ex-Democrat Joe Lieberman told the Republican convention Tuesday night , everyone recognizes McCain ’s “ record of independence .
Uh-huh .
Some might call it reckless for a 72 - year - old to offer the vice presidency of the United States to someone with as little national experience as Palin .
The McCain campaign calls it showing independence .
Advertisement
Still , do n’t be too hard on Palin .
Like McCain , she ’s independence - minded -- very , very independence - minded .
And , it turns out , there ’s much more to her than you might at first have thought .
Granted , a week ago Palin -- ex-mayor of Wasilla and a runner - up for Miss Alaska -- probably could n’t have explained the difference between a G - string and the G - 8 , or between a demolition derby and a diplomatic demarche .
But who among us can ?
Policy , my friends , is boring .
The Democrats will tell you to pay attention to party platforms and their endless fiscal policy and intelligence reform plans .
Do n’t you believe those hectoring elitists !
You just stick to thinking how sweet it is that Sarah totally stands behind daughter Bristol ’s “ decision ” to get pregnant , marry and have a baby at 17 .
Do n’t trouble yourself with attending to tedious details , such as Sarah ’s record of slashing funds for programs to support teen mothers -- or her opposition to abortion , even in cases of rape and incest .
It ’s untrue that Palin has no foreign policy experience , anyway .
In fact , she appears to have seriously flirted with the idea of trying to turn Alaska into a foreign country .
How many vice presidential candidates can put that on their resumes ?
Advertisement
Over the years , Palin has actively courted the Alaska Independence Party , or AIP , an organization that supports Alaskan secession from the U.S.
To be clear , we ’re not necessarily talking about friendly secession either :
As the AIP ’s founder , Joe Vogler , told an interviewer in 1991 : “ The fires of hell are frozen glaciers compared to my hatred for the American government .
...
And I wo n’t be buried under their damn flag . ”
The Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. could learn from this man .
Share Vogler ’s sentiment ?
You can purchase a “ Joe was right ! ” T - shirt on the AIP ’s website for $ 25 .
The AIP ’s website also provides helpful links to other secessionist groups , including the Southern Independence Party of Tennessee ( which boasts of going after “ these Politically Correct Liberal Communist[s ] ” ) , Ulster nationalists and Chechen separatists .
The McCain campaign denies that Palin ever joined the AIP .
But while it is in dispute whether she attended its 1994 convention , she did visit the 2000 one and addressed AIP conventions in 2006 and 2008 .
Her husband , Todd , was a registered AIP member from 1995 to 2002 , and the AIP leadership certainly considers her one of their own .
Advertisement
Video footage shows AIP Vice Chairman Dexter Clark describing Palin at the 2007 North American Secessionist Convention as an “ AIP member before she got the job as a mayor of a small town -- that was a nonpartisan job .
But you get along to go along .
She eventually joined the Republican Party , where she had all kinds of problems with their ethics , and well , I wo n’t go into that . ”
( No need to .
The Alaska Legislature ’s ethics investigators are on the case . )
Apparently with Palin in mind , Clark then went on to urge AIP members to “ infiltrate ” the major parties .
So what does Palin currently think of the AIP ?
Hard to know -- she ’s been keeping mum -- but this year she told AIP members : “ I ’m delighted to welcome you to the 2008 Alaska Independence Party Convention .
... Keep up the good work ! ”
Does it make you uneasy to have a possible secessionist sympathizer aiming for the White House ?
Do you worry that Palin shares AIP founder Vogler ’s burning “ hatred for the American government ” ?
Relax !
If so , it will enable her , as vice president , to more effectively bond with foreign leaders she ’ll meet , many of whom also nurture a hatred for the American government .
In diplomatic demarches , finding common ground is always helpful .
Advertisement
McCain has always promised that his ticket would show “ independence . ”
We just did n’t realize it was going to be this kind .
--
rbrooks@latimescolumnists.com
SIR Salman Rushdie is back in the news .
His book Midnight 's Children , set during the 1947 partition of India , has received a Booker award for being the best book to have been booked for a Booker award .
Or something like that .
Rushdie has also threatened a former British Special Branch officer with libel proceedings .
The officer was one of many funded by British taxpayers to protect Rushdie after he received death threats in the late 1980s arising from his novel The Satanic Verses .
That novel offended many for its lewd references to religious Biblical and Koranic figures , including Abraham and the wives of the prophet Muhammad .
Jews and Christians were quite restrained in their condemnation of the book .
Sadly , a minority of loudmouth Muslims found in the book an excellent excuse to whip up enough hysteria to make their co-religionists into an international laughing stock .
The late Ayatollah Khomeini was keen to gain political mileage for his allegedly Islamic revolution by calling for Rushdie to be given a rushed death .
This violently imbecilic response from even some Western Muslims was an affront to free speech , including freedom to offend and collectively lampoon religious sentiment .
Overnight , Rushdie became a pin-up boy for a loose coalition of free - speech campaigners and sectarian bigots .
Rushdie lapped up the hysteria , projecting himself as a living martyr to free speech .
He happily accepted lavish security arrangements offered by his adopted country to save him from violent religious fundamentalists , at a cost to British taxpayers of millions of pounds .
At MetaEfficient I ’ve been waiting for years to review some exciting green computers , and now finally in 2008 , we ’ve seen the introduction of some truly green PCs .
Although the components of green PCs cost about 10 % more than regular PCs , they retail for about the same price .
You can jump ahead and see our list of the greenest PCs .
Or you can read about the details of the green rating processes .
How do you judge the greenness of a computer ?
The two most important factors are power consumption , and the elimination of hazardous components inside the machine .
Other factors such as the efficiency of the power supply , packaging and the manufacturer ’s support for recycling programs are also important .
Overall , there are a huge number of factors to assess , but thankfully there are now some eco-certifications that make it easier .
The most important certifications are EPEAT ( Electronic Products Environmental Assessment Tool ) , RoHS ( Restriction of Hazardous Substances ) and Energy Star 4.0 .
All three of these certifications are standardized , so they are more specific in their assessments than the marketing claims or green initiatives of the past .
Here ’s a brief description of the certifications :
The EPEAT system is currently the most comprehensive verification of a computer ’s environmental attributes .
EPEAT was created by a consortium of electronics manufacturers , and partially funded by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
EPEAT evaluates computer desktops , laptops , and monitors based on 51 environmental criteria including Energy Star compliance .
If a computer is awarded the EPEAT Gold rating , it is one of the greenest out there .
You can see a list of all the desktop computers that achieved a Gold EPEAT rating here .
A summary of the criteria can be found here
The new EnergyStar 4.0 certification assesses the power consumption of PCs , but it does n’t cover other criteria like toxicity .
To comply with the new Energy Star 4.0 standard , a desktop PC must use under 50W in idle mode and 4W when asleep .
The RoHS ( Restriction of Hazardous Substances ) directive bans from the EU market any new electrical and electronic equipment containing more than mandated maximum levels of lead , cadmium , mercury , hexavalent chromium , and two flame retardants .
RoHS covers everything in a computer except for the batteries , which are regulated separately .
Another useful guide is Greenpeace ’s Guide To Greener Electronics which was recently updated in June .
The companies that scored the highest ratings from Greenpeace were Sony Ericsson , Sony , Nokia and Dell .
Here ’s our round - up of this year ’s greenest personal computers :
Dell ’s Studio Hybrid PC
This month Dell introduced what it calls its greenest desktop computer .
The new Studio Hybrid is not only Dell ’s smallest - sized desktop , it ’s also its most energy - efficient .
The system uses only 1 watt of power when off or in hibernate mode , a frugal 26 W while sitting idle , and 44W when the system is fully taxed , according to PC Magazine .
This makes it one of the most energy efficient PCs available — it uses only a couple more watts than the power - sipping Mac mini .
Like the Mac mini , the Hybrid uses an external power brick instead of an internal power supply .
The Hybrid also has Energy Star 4.0 certification and a system recycling kit that allows you easily recycle the computer at the end of it ’s life .
Disappointingly , it only gets a Silver rating from EPEAT , rather than a Gold .
The Studio Hybrid is packaged in 95 % recyclable materials , and ships with 75 % less printed documentation .
You can order an optional exterior sleeve made out of bamboo ( more sustainable than plastic , although it costs an extra $ 130 ) .
The Studio Hybrid does n’t come with many USB ports , but you can order an optional wireless keyboard and mouse for $ 50 .
The base Studio Hybrid configuration starts at just $ 499 ( monitor not included ) .
More tricked - out systems run up to $ 1,329 or more , depending on what options you order .
The Studio Hybrid is available from Dell ’s web site now , and will be for sale at select retailers in the coming months .
Link : Dell ’s Studio Hybrid
Lenovo ’s ThinkCentre M57/M57
p
Lenovo ’s ThinkCentre M57p is a very green corporate PC with a no- frills “ old school ” design .
This compact computer has Intel ’s latest 45 - nanometer CPU architecture ( code - named “ Wolfdale ” ) , yet the whole system consumes only about 58 watts of power at peak .
It also has all the important green certifications : EPEAT Gold , RoHS and Energy Star 4.0 .
According to Lenovo , this machine also contains up 90 % re-usable and recyclable materials and the packaging is 90 % recyclable .
The system ’s dual - layer DVD burner and internal 160GB hard drive are full desktop size , so they ’re easy to replace with standard ( and cheaper ) parts in case something goes bad .
Since the M57p is housed in a small - form - factor case , it has no internal expansion room to speak of , so you ’ll have to plug an external USB hard drive or large - capacity USB thumb drives into one of the four available USB ports for more drive space .
The system also is limited to integrated Intel GMA 3100 graphics .
On the plus side , there are both VGA and DVI ports for either type of monitor , and the system does support dual monitors ( one VGA and one DVI ) .
Link : Lenovo
It ’s available at Amazon
Apple Mac mini
The Apple Mac mini is widely known for its iconic design , but it also has a number of green credentials that earn it a place on our list here .
When it was introduced , the mini set a new standard for energy efficiency .
It ’s still the most energy efficient desktop computer available — it consumes just 20 - 28 watts on average .
Tom ’s Hardware reports :
During testing , our Mac min was able to shine in this respect , drawing a mere 20 watts of power ; during DVD playback , this rose to only 28 W .
In contrast , the power requirements of current Intel - based PC systems is anything but reasonable – under comparable conditions , these power - hungry machines draw up to 160 watts .
According to Apple , the mini is about 90 percent recyclable .
It received a Silver EPEAT rating .
The Mac mini has been considered a budget Mac ( prices start $ 600 ) , but now that it ’s equipped with a Core 2 Duo processor , it ’s as powerful as a larger desktop .
Link : Apple Mac mini
It ’s available from Amazon .
Zonbu Desktop Mini
The Zonbu Desktop Mini is a Linux - based , minimalist computer that contains no hard drive , instead , in the spirit of “ network computing ” everything is stored online .
After paying $ 99 or $ 299 for the computer itself , you the Zonbu owner can subscribe for the online storage service ( via Amazon ’s S3 network ) for $ 12.95 a month for two years ( or $ 149 for a yearly subscription ) .
The absence of a hard drive means the Zonbu is silent , and consumes just 11 watts when running ( 8 watts in standby mode ) .
It has a number of other green attributes including EPEAT Gold , RoHS and Energy Star 4.0 certifications .
The manufacturer also has a recycling take - back system , and they use minimal , recycled packaging for the computer .
Link : Zonbu Desktop Mini
CherryPal PC
The CherryPal is a similar to the Zonbu Desktop Mini — it has no moving parts , and everything is stored online , including its applications .
The CherryPal is designed to be used for only need basic computing and Web browsing .
The machines itself measures just 1.3 x 5.8 x 4.2 inches , and it has a Freescale processsor with 256MB of RAM , a 4GB solid state drive , 802.11g Wi -Fi , a Firefox browser , and a Debian Linux operating system .
Applications likes OpenOffice , iTunes ( including iTunes Store support ) , and other CherryPal - branded apps will be accessible from the desktop .
Since everything is administered by CherryPal , malware protection , antivirus efforts , and software upgrades are done automatically .
CherryPal claims that this is the greenest and most affordable PC , since it consumes just 2 watts of power , uses 80 percent fewer components ( than an average desktop ) , and can last a decade or longer .
The CherryPal ’s price is $ 249 , a bit cheaper than the $ 299 Zonbu .
( The Zonbu was originally available subsidized with a contract for $ 99 . )
There is no contract for the CherryPal , nor any monthly fees , and 50 GB of lifetime ( or at least the lifetime of the company ) storage is included .
Official guides to help you get the most out of AdWords .
FOLLOW GUIDES
Daily Mail
September 18 , 2008
Smokers will be stopped in the street and asked to take a carbon monoxide test in London ’s most hard - hitting anti-smoking campaign .
‘ Smoking police ’ will target people at betting shops , bus stops and shopping centres to shock them into giving up cigarettes .
They will be asked to breathe into a monitor to show how much carbon monoxide is in their bodies , and could then be signed up to local stop - smoking services and given access to counsellors .
Pro-smoking group Forest described the campaign as a humiliating infringement of civil liberties .
Ealing Primary Care Trust , which is funding the £ 75,000 scheme , said it could help 2,400 people to give up .
A team of 11 young people have been employed to approach smokers , in a similar way to charity fund - raisers – nicknamed ‘ chuggers ’ – who ask passers - by for donations .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Electronic Frontier Foundation
September 24 , 2008
Recently obtained documents show that last year the Department of Homeland Security quietly reversed a two - decades - old policy that restricted customs agents from reading and copying the personal papers carried by travelers , including U.S. citizens .
The documents were made public today by the Asian Law Caucus ( ALC ) and Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , which sued the government under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to obtain policies governing the searches and questioning of travelers at the nation ’s borders .
The documents show that in 2007 , Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) loosened restrictions on the examination of travelers ’ documents and papers that had existed since 1986 .
While CBP agents could previously read travelers ’ documents only if they had “ reasonable suspicion ” that the documents would reveal violations of agency rules , in 2007 officers were given the power to “ review and analyze ” papers without any individualized suspicion .
Furthermore , whereas CBP agents could previously copy materials only where they had “ probable cause ” to believe a law had been violated , in 2007 they were empowered to copy travelers ’ papers without suspicion of wrongdoing and keep them for a “ reasonable period of time ” to conduct a border search .
The new rules applied to physical documents as well as files on laptop computers , cell phones , and other electronic devices .
In July 2008 , the Department of Homeland Security made public a new policy on examining travelers ’ papers and electronic devices that finalized many of the changes first implemented in 2007 .
The agency did not disclose , however , how much the new policy deviated from rules that had been in place since 1986 .
The FOIA documents from ALC ’s and EFF ’s suit included the original policy , which had been adopted after a group of U.S. citizens challenged the practices of the 1980s as violating First Amendment rights .
“ For more than 20 years , the government implicitly recognized that reading and copying the letters , diaries , and personal papers of travelers without reason would chill Americans ’ rights to free speech and free expression , ” said Shirin Sinnar , ALC staff attorney .
“ But now customs officials can probe into the thoughts and lives of ordinary travelers without any suspicion at all . ”
In February 2008 , ALC and EFF sued the Department of Homeland Security for failing to disclose its policies on searching and questioning travelers at U.S. borders .
ALC , a San Francisco - based civil rights organization , received more than two dozen complaints since last year from U.S. travelers , mostly of Muslim , South Asian , or Middle Eastern origin , who said they were grilled about their families , religious practices , volunteer activities , political beliefs , or associations when returning to the United States from travels abroad .
In addition , these individuals said that CBP agents examined their books , handwritten notes , personal photos , laptop computer files , and cell phone directories , and sometimes made copies of this information .
The documents from the FOIA request show that CBP ’s wide latitude to collect this data attracted significant attention from other law enforcement agencies that sought to access it .
“ Your laptop computer likely contains a massive amount of private information such as personal emails , financial data or confidential business records , ” said EFF Staff Attorney Marcia Hofmann .
“ The Department of Homeland Security has given its agents increasingly broad authority to search , copy , and store that information .
Congress needs to step in now to stop these invasive practices and protect travelers ’ privacy . ”
The newly released documents , which total 661 pages , also reveal that :
* In 2004 , CBP adopted a directive on responding to “ potential terrorists ” seeking to enter the United States .
The directive , which was revised in 2006 , called for intensive questioning and document review of individuals who were flagged as “ known or suspected ” terrorists .
* CBP appears to have no policy constraining agents from questioning travelers on their religious practices or political views , in spite of the fact that many travelers have complained about being grilled on such First Amendment - protected activities .
* According to the Tucson , Arizona , field office of CBP , a database developed within that office to gather and disseminate intelligence on possible terrorists was to serve as a model for a national database .
ALC and EFF plan to challenge the government ’s withholding of portions of many of these documents in federal district court this fall .
For the complete set of FOIA documents and more detailed analysis :
http://www.eff.org/cases/foia-litigation-border-searches.
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Until the traditional media types can show some shred of evidence that John McCain suspended his campaign — besides McCain saying it — the traditional media types should stop saying McCain suspended his campaign .
He did n’t .
Evidence abounds that McCain ’s campaign is operating at full speed .
We ’ve been able to document here and here and here .
Think Progress found five instances of McCain campaign flacks on t.v. spinning their message .
There ’s active campaign underway in Virginia .
And , by doing some actual investigating , Huffington Post confirmed that the McCain campaign is very active today in key battleground states :
Across the country , McCain campaign offices are up and running , accepting volunteers , conducting phone banking , literature dropping and over GOTV activities .
This held true on a local , state , and even regional level .
The Huffington Post called up 15 McCain - Palin and McCain Victory Committee headquarters in various battleground states .
Not one said that it was temporarily halting operations because of the supposed “ suspension ” in the campaign .
Several , in fact , enthusiastically declared the continuation of their work .
Others had n’t even heard that the candidate for whom they were devoting their time had officially stopped campaigning .
Here ’s a little hint for the political press corps :
If you can keep reporting on Palin / McCain campaign events and if you keep having McCain staffers on your networks , the campaign ai n’t suspended .
John McCain tried to dupe the American people .
He got a lot of help from the traditional media .
If they actually reported what was going on and not what McCain said , this sham would be exposed .
The former Arkansans governor lost his " country first " talking points , it seems :
MOBILE , Ala . — Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said Thursday that Sen. John McCain made a “ huge mistake ” by even discussing canceling the presidential debate with Sen. Barack Obama .
McCain ’s campaign has said the Republican would n’t participate in the Mississippi debate Friday unless there was a consensus on the financial crisis , but Obama still wants the debate to go on .
Huckabee defeated McCain in the Alabama GOP primary in February .
Huckabee said Thursday in Mobile that the people need to hear both candidates .
He said that ’s “ far better than heading to Washington ” to huddle with senators .
He said the candidates should level with the people about the financial crisis and say the “ heart of this is greed . ”
Huckabee said he still backs McCain ’s candidacy , but said the Arizona senator should not have put his campaign on hold to deal with the financial crisis on Wall Street .
He said a president must be prepared to “ deal with the unexpected . ”
“ You ca n’t just say , ‘ World stop for a moment .
I ’m going to cancel everything , ” ‘ Huckabee said .
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Blogs >>
RolfRolles 's Blog
Created : Wednesday , August 6 2008 18:08.20 CDT
Printer Friendly ... Part 3 : Optimizing and Compiling Author : RolfRolles # Views : 16036
The reader should inspect this unoptimized IR listing before continuing .
In an attempt to keep this entry from becoming unnecessarily long , the example snippets will be small , but for completeness a more thorough running example is linked throughout the text .
We begin by removing the stack machine features of the IR .
Since VMProtect operates on disassembled x86 code , and x86 itself is not a stack machine , this aspect of the protection is unnatural and easily removed .
Here is a 15 - line fragment of VMProtect IR .
push Dword ( - 88 )
push esp
push Dword (4 )
pop t3
pop t4
t5 = t3 + t4
push t5
push flags t5
pop DWORD Scratch : [ Dword ( 52 ) ]
pop t6
pop t7
t8 = t6 + t7
push t8
push flags t8
pop DWORD Scratch : [ Dword ( 12 ) ]
pop esp
All but two instructions are pushes or pops , and the pushes can be easily matched up with the pops .
Tracking the stack pointer , we see that , for example , t3 = Dword ( 4 ) .
A simple analysis allows us to " optimize away " the push / pop pairs into assignment statements .
Simply iterate through each instruction in a basic block and keep a stack describing the source of each push .
For every pop , ensure that the sizes match and record the location of the corresponding push .
We wish to replace the pop with an assignment to the popped expression from the pushed expression , as in
t3 = Dword (4 )
t4 = esp
t7 = Dword ( - 88 )
With the stack aspects removed , we are left with a more conventional listing containing many assignment statements .
This optimization substantially reduces the number of instructions in a given basic block ( ~40 % for the linked example ) and opens the door for other optimizations .
The newly optimized code is eight lines , roughly half of the original :
t3 = Dword (4 )
t4 = esp
t5 = t3 + t4
DWORD Scratch : [ Dword ( 52 ) ] = flags t5
t6 = t5
t7 = Dword ( - 88 )
t8 = t6 + t7
DWORD Scratch : [ Dword ( 12 ) ] = flags t8
esp = t8
A complete listing of the unoptimized IR versus the one with the stack machine features removed is here , which should be perused before proceeding .
Now we turn our attention to the temporary variables and the scratch area .
Recall that the former were not part of the pre-protected x86 code , nor the VMProtect bytecode -- they were introduced in order to ease the IR translation .
The latter is part of the VMProtect bytecode , but was not part of the original pre-protected x86 code .
Since these are not part of the languages we are modelling , we shall eliminate them wholesale .
On a high level , we treat each temporary variable , each byte of the scratch space , and each register as being a variable defined within a basic block , and then eliminate the former two via the compiler optimizations previously discussed .
Looking again at the last snippet of IR , we can see several areas for improvement .
First , consider the variable t6 .
It is clearly just a copy of t5 , neither of which are redefined before the next use in the assignment to t8 .
Copy propagation will replace variable t6 with t5 and eliminate the former .
More generally , t3 , t4 , and t7 contain either constants or values that are not modified between their uses .
Constant and copy propagation will substitute the assignments to these variables in for their uses and eliminate them .
The newly optimized code is a slender three lines compared to the original 15 ; we have removed 80 % of the IR for the running example .
DWORD Scratch : [ Dword ( 52 ) ] = flags Dword ( 4 ) + esp
esp = Dword ( 4 ) + esp + Dword ( - 88 )
DWORD Scratch : [ Dword ( 12 ) ] = flags Dword ( 4 ) + esp + Dword ( - 88 )
The side - by - side comparison can be found here .
The IR now looks closer to x86 , with the exception that the results of computations are being stored in the scratch area , not into registers .
As before , we apply dead - store elimination , copy and constant propagation to the scratch area , removing dependence upon it entirely in the process .
See here for a comparison with the last phase .
Here is a comparison of the final , optimized code against the original x86 :
push ebp push ebp
ebp = esp mov ebp , esp
push Dword ( - 1 ) push 0FFFFFFFFh
push Dword ( 4525664 ) push 450E60h
push Dword ( 4362952 ) push offset sub_4292C8
eax = DWORD FS : [ Dword (0 ) ] mov eax , large fs:0
push eax push eax
DWORD FS : [ Dword ( 0 ) ] = esp mov large fs:0 , esp
eflags = flags esp + Dword ( - 88 )
esp = esp + Dword ( - 88 ) add esp , 0FFFFFFA8h
push ebx push ebx
push esi push esi
push edi push edi
DWORD SS : [ Dword ( - 24 ) + ebp ] = esp mov [ ebp - 18h ] , esp
call DWORD [ Dword ( 4590300 ) ] call dword ptr ds:unk_460ADC
vmreturn Dword (0 ) + Dword ( 4638392 )
Code generation is an afterthought .
Blog Comments Orr Posted : Sunday , August 10 2008 06:43.41 CDT
Just got the time to read the entire thing .
Amazing ;)
RolfRolles Posted : Wednesday , January 28 2009 20:42.33 CST
I submitted a paper to the 2009 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy on this topic .
I did n't have time to finish it , so I submitted an incomplete draft and was n't surprised when it was rejected .
However , I liked this bit of feedback from the anonymous reviewers :
" Looking around the Internet , the paper 's main contribution is mostly similar to blog post of Rolf Rolles ' blog that talk about manually reverse engineering VMProtect .
The authors should include novel work [... ] "
:-(
sp Posted : Thursday , January 29 2009 10:27.01 CST
That 's funny , mate .
At least for the uninvolved reader . :)
506398911qqcom Posted : Wednesday , May 18 2011 20:40.35 CDT
Good Job !
I love your work for vmp
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Stocks plunged Monday , with the Dow industrials plunging 777 points or their worst point drop on record , as the House of Representatives voted down the government 's $ 700 billion financial bailout package .
" The bill would 've decreased uncertainty , at least a little , " said Marc Groz , managing member , Topos LLC .
" Instead , the failure of the bill has sent uncertainty -- and the VIX [ the market 's fear gauge ] soaring .
This is a fear - driven market . "
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , - 0.47 % finished at 10,365.45 , down 777.68 points , or 7 % , giving the blue - chip index its worst point loss in its history , topping Sept. 17 , 2001 , when it plunged 684 points .
All of the Dow's 30 components ended lower , with sharp losses especially seen in the likes of Bank of America BAC , - 1.32 % and American Express Co. AXP , - 1.08 % , which both lost more than 17.6 % .
Stocks already were sharply lower as the global credit crisis spread , with four bailouts in Europe and the takeover of Wachovia Corp.
roiling securities , commodities and currencies markets and forcing major central banks to pump more hundreds of billions of dollars into the financial system .
The meltdown intensified as U.S. lawmakers voted against on a $ 700 billion financial rescue plan that some were saying would not be enough to prevent a full - scale financial crisis in many major countries .
See full story .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. earlier said that Citigroup Inc. C , - 2.12 % would buy the banking operations of struggling Wachovia WB , - 3.74 % .
Another banking giant , Washington Mutual Inc. WM , - 0.55 % , recently succumbed to the credit turmoil .
See more .
The S&P 500 Index SPX , - 0.48 % dropped 106.59 points , or 8.8 % , to 1,106.42 , with energy , financials and materials fronting sector losses that spread across all 10 of the index 's industry groups .
The sell off is the largest percentage drop for the S&P 500 since Oct. 26 , 1987 .
It also translates into a $ 700 billion loss for the day for the S&P , according to Howard Silverblatt , senior index analyst at Standard & Poor's .
The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP , - 0.29 % plunged 199.61 points , or 9.1 % , to 1,983.73 , with losses in the tech sector led by Apple Inc. AAPL , - 0.75 % , off nearly 17.9 % , after two brokers cut their ratings on the stock .
Read Tech Stocks .
The downturn had shares of Google Inc. GOOG , +0.32 % falling to a two - year low below $ 400 a share .
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange topped 2 billion , with decliners ousting advancers more than 15 to 1 .
On the Nasdaq , 1.1 billion shares exchanged hands , and decliners ran past advancing stocks more than 6 to 1 .
Fed moves
Taking unprecedented steps , the Fed and other major central banks on Monday poured hundreds of billions of dollars of added liquidity into money markets left paralyzed by fears of further bank failures in the United States and Europe .
Read The Fed .
The deal , reached during marathon weekend talks , calls for $ 250 billion up front to be given to the Treasury to buy troubled assets .
The bad debt purchases could be made through an auction process or through directly purchases , a Treasury official said in a conference call .
Equity strategists at Credit Suisse say $ 700 billion represents about 12 % of mortgages not backed by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae -- " probably an appropriate amount to ensure markets become more liquid . "
But they said it was too small , especially compared with the original Resolution Trust Corp. program that rescued savings - and - loans in the late 1980s .
Shares of Cleveland - based bank National City Corp. NCC , - 3.43 % fell 63.3 % amid fears the company could become the next victim of the credit crisis .
Mortgage giant Freddie Mac FRE , - 0.64 % , taken over by the government , on Monday said that it had been subpoenaed by federal prosecutors .
See details .
In Europe , financial institutions were also ailing , with the governments of Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg launching a $ 16.4 billion rescue of Fortis , the Belgian - Dutch bank .
Read more .
The U.K. government said it is nationalizing Bradford & Bingley after investors and lenders lost confidence in the mortgage lender , with its stock market listing canceled shortly before the markets opened .
See full story .
Also , the Icelandic government said it bought a 75 % stake in Glitnir HF , the country 's third - largest lender , while a consortium of German financial institutions bailed out real - estate firm Hypo Real Estate .
Read more .
Early economic data had the Commerce Department reporting flat consumer spending in August , the third month of weak U.S. consumption .
Read Economic Report .
Credit markets remained under pressure , with the yield on the 3 - month Treasury bill -- viewed as the least risky short - term investment , falling to 0.294 % from 0.87 % late Friday .
The yield on the 10 - year Treasury note declined to 3.615 % .
See Bond Report .
The dollar rallied against the euro and the British pound , while gold gained and oil futures ended with a loss of more than $ 10 a barrel .
Read Currencies .
See Metal Stocks .
Read Futures Movers .
The FTSE 100 tumbled 5.3 % in London and the Nikkei 225 dropped 1.3 % .
Read London Markets .
Read Asia Markets .
Emerging equity markets in Asia , Europe , Latin America and Africa also posted steep losses .
See Emerging Markets Report .
Max Blumenthal attends September 20 and 21 :
On the first night of services , Muthee implored his audience to wage “ spiritual warfare ” against “ the enemy . ”
As I filmed , a nervous church staffer approached from behind and told me to put my camera away .
I acceded to his demand , but as Muthee urged the church to crush “ the python spirit ” of the unbeliever enemies by stomping on their necks , I pulled out a smaller camera and filmed from a more discreet position .
Now , church members were in deep prayer , speaking in tongues and raising their hands .
Muthee exclaimed , “ We come against the spirit of witchcraft !
We come against the python spirits ! ”
Then , a local pastor took the mic from Muthee and added , “ We stomp on the heads of the enemy ! ”
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 8271 NW 34th Drive , Doral , Florida 33122
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , October 2 , 2020 4,063 ± sq. ft. 3 - level home with 4 bedrooms , 6 baths , and attached 2 - car garage .
The property has a swimming pool and rooftop balcony .
Sale # 21-66-701 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 610 Milligan Street , Newberry , South Carolina 29108
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , October 7 , 2020 1,011 ± sq. ft. ranch - style home with 3 bedrooms , 1 bath , laundry , and driveway .
Newberry is approx 40 miles from Columbia , SC .
Sale # 21-66-806 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 1306 Whitener Road , Newberry , South Carolina 29108
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , October 7 , 2020 1,026 ± sq. ft. ranch - style home with 3 bedrooms , 1 bath , laundry , and driveway .
Newberry is approx 40 miles from Columbia , SC .
Sale # 21-66-807 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 12113 Galleon Point , Pearland , Texas 77584
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , October 8 , 2020 5,330 ± sq. ft. home with 6 bedrooms , 5.1 baths , 2nd floor game room , media room , and
attached 2 - car garage .
The property has a swimming pool and lake view .
Sale # 21-66-700 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 2261 Pipestone Court , Orlando , Florida 32818
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , October 9 , 2020 1,221 ± sq. ft. 1 - level home with 3 bedrooms , 2 baths , laundry , and 1 - car garage .
The property has a covered patio .
Sale # 21-66-803 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 5276 Old Hickory Place , Gainesville , Georgia 30506
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , October 14 , 2020 1,235 ± sq. ft. 1 - level home with 4 bedrooms , 2 baths , covered deck , and porch .
The property has an unfinished basement .
Sale # 21-66-102 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
COMMERCIAL WAREHOUSE : 4828 Highway 83 , Roma , Texas 78582
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , October 15 , 2020 2 warehouse buildings with a total of 6,000 ± sq. ft. and 416 ± sq. ft. of office space with bath .
The property is located on 1.09 ± of an acre .
Sale # 21-66-800 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
CONDO UNIT : 8420 SW 133rd Avenue Road , Unit 122 , Miami , Florida 33183
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , October 16 , 2020 983 ± sq. ft. 1st floor condo unit with 2 bedrooms , 2 baths , and screened porch .
The unit has 1 assigned parking space .
Sale # 21-66-101 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 10407 Bevin Court , Huntersville , North Carolina 28078
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , October 21 , 2020 4,710 ± sq. ft. home with 4 bedrooms , 4.1 baths , deck , balcony , and 3 - car garage .
The 3rd level includes den , office , bath , and kitchenette .
Sale # 21-66-804 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 704 Inspiration Drive , Pharr , Texas 78577
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , October 22 , 2020 6,145 ± sq. ft. home with 3 bedrooms , 4.2 baths , and 3 - car garage .
The property has a pool ,
detached quarters , and detached theater on a 1.60 ± acre lot .
Sale # 21-66-801 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 6610 Cedar Cliff Drive , Charlotte , North Carolina 28216
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , October 23 , 2020 1,886 ± sq. ft. home with 3 bedrooms , 2.1 baths , fireplace , patio , and 1 - car garage .
Located on a cul - de-sac in Preston Village .
Sale # 21-66-805 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
OFFICE CONDO : 5461 N. University Drive , Unit 1204 , Coral Springs , Florida 33067
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , October 23 , 2020 1,891 ± sq. ft. office condo unit located in a 4 - unit building with shared parking .
The end - unit has office space , break room , and restroom .
Sale # 21-66-100 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 8310 37th Avenue S. , Seattle , Washington 98118
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , October 28 , 2020 2,112 ± sq. ft. home with 3 bedrooms , 2 baths , unfinished basement , deck , covered porches ,
and detached 1 - car garage .
Home has partial lake and mountain view .
Sale # 21-66-103 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 6916 S. 124th Street , Seattle , Washington 98178
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , October 28 , 2020 1,929 ± sq. ft. home with 4 bedrooms , 2 baths , den , laundry , and unfinished area .
The fenced property has a 2 - car driveway .
Sale # 21-66-104 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 5 Cherry Beth Lane , Manorville , New York 11949
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , October 29 , 2020 1,830 ± sq. ft. home with 3 bedrooms , 2 baths , den , deck , and attached 2 - car garage .
The 2.43 ± acre property has an unfinished basement .
Sale # 21-66-802 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 1204 Riverside Avenue , Kingsport , Tennessee 37660
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , October 30 , 2020 972 ± sq. ft. home with 3 bedrooms , 1 bath , covered porch , and 1 - car carport .
Kingsport sits near the Tennessee and Virginia border .
Sale # 21-66-808 .
For complete details on this property click on the photo or CLICK HERE
LAND WITH DWELLING : 1404 North Highway 190 , Covington , Louisiana 70433
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , November 4 , 2020 1,771 ± sq. ft. home on a 0.55 acre ± lot that is zoned H - 3 / Commercial .
The home has
3 bedrooms , 2 baths , office space , 2 - car carport , and workshop .
Sale # 21-66-123 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
MULTI -FAMILY BUILDING : 302 Ardale Drive , High Point , North Carolina 27260
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , November 5 , 2020 Multi-Family building with 9 units and rental income .
6 units are 2 - level with 2 bedrooms and 2.1
baths each .
3 units are 1 - level with 2 bedrooms and 2 baths each .
Sale # 21-66-812 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 3328 Berry Drive , Studio City , California 91604
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , November 5 , 2020 2,879 ± sq. ft. estate home with 4 bedrooms , 3.1 baths , study , fireplace , and 2 - car garage .
The property has an inground pool with spa and balcony .
Sale # 21-66-820 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 5775 Emerson Avenue , Fort Pierce , Florida 34951
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , November 12 , 2020 2,447 ± sq. ft. home with 4 bedrooms , 3 baths , screened wrap - around porch , and 2 - car garage .
The home is located on a 1.31 ± acre lot in Saint Lucie County .
Sale # 21-66-124 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 106 Holly Ridge Road , Stockbridge , Georgia 30281
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , November 13 , 2020 2,349 ± sq. ft. home with 4 bedrooms , 2.1 baths , fireplace , rear deck , and attached 2 - car garage .
The basement has 2 bedroom , additional bath , and den .
Sale # 21-66-816 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
CONDO UNIT : 18555 Collins Avenue , Unit 2205 , Sunny Isles Beach , Florida 33160
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , November 13 , 2020 3,356 ± sq. ft. condo unit with 4 bedrooms , 4.1 baths , laundry , balcony with pool , and 2 - car garage .
Located in the Porsche Design Tower with car elevator and water views .
Sale # 21-66-120 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
COMMERCIAL BUILDING : 4117 Expressway 83 , McAllen , Texas 78503
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Wednesday , November 18 , 2020 6,646 ± sq. ft. commercial building on a 1.3 ± acre lot .
The building is currently leased as
a restaurant with rental income and will be sold with tenant in place .
Sale # 21-66-126 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 4512 S. Drexel Blvd , Chicago , Illinois 60653
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , November 19 , 2020 6,875 ± sq. ft. 3 - level home with 3 bedrooms , 3.2 baths , 8 fireplaces , 2nd floor ballroom , wet bar and catwalk , basement , rear deck , and detached 4 - car garage with storage .
Sale # 21-66-818 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 1061 Ceiba Circle , Brownsville , Texas 78521
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Thursday , November 19 , 2020 4,789 ± sq. ft. home with 4 bedrooms , 5 baths , guest quarters , theater , and 2 - car garage .
The property has an inground pool and detached pool house .
Sale # 21-66-127 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
SINGLE FAMILY HOME : 115 S. 86th Street , Kansas City , Kansas 66111
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Friday , November 20 , 2020 859 ± sq. ft. home with 2 bedrooms , 1 bath , stone fireplace , and attached 2 - car garage .
The home is located on a 4.75 acre ± lot and zoned agricultural .
Sale # 21-66-819 .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
TIMESHARE PROGRAM : Marriott Vacation Club Destinations
ONLINE AUCTION DATE : Coming Soon 3,500 points in the Marriott Vacation Club Destinations timeshare program .
Use of
club points are not limited to specific dates or locations .
C omplete details on this property coming soon ...
ST . PAUL ( Reuters ) - Police in riot gear battled hundreds of protesters with pepper spray and smoke bombs and arrested 130 people on Monday at the start of the Republican presidential convention .
Slideshow ( 24 images )
Officers on horseback , motorcycles and bicycles chased a group of rock - and bottle - throwing protesters who broke off from a peaceful march of up to 10,000 people through downtown St. Paul .
Protesters , some hiding their faces with black kerchiefs , smashed shop windows , overturned garbage cans and vandalized police cars .
Some pushed a flaming dumpster into a car with police in it , officers and witnesses said .
Police said 130 people had been arrested .
The charges ranged from trespassing to property damage and assault , a spokeswoman said .
One officer was punched in the back and another was overcome by the heat , St. Paul police chief John Harrington said .
Demonstrators marched from the Minnesota state capitol to the heavily barricaded Xcel Center , where John McCain accepts the Republican presidential nomination later this week .
Public safety officials put the crowd at 8,000 to 10,000 .
Most protesters demanded an end to the Iraq war , although their causes ranged from increased rights for immigrants to changing U.S. policy in Ethiopia .
T- shirts backing McCain ’s Democratic rival Barack Obama were common .
Some carried signs supporting politicians like Republican Ron Paul , a libertarian - leading Texas congressman and former McCain opponent , and Ralph Nader , a consumer activist running for president as an independent .
The march wound past bus stops where advertisements from the Democratic National Committee showed Republican President George W. Bush and McCain hugging with the slogan , “ Does this look like change to you ? ”
The Republicans scaled back their convention festivities on the first day , aware that they risked a political backlash if they were shown celebrating as Hurricane Gustav pounded the country ’s Gulf Coast .
Convention organizers held a truncated business - only session on Monday and scrapped a planned speech by Bush .
The absence of the president , whose nationwide approval ratings hover around 30 percent , did not deter the crowd .
Carrying a sign that said , “ Hold Bush accountable , ” Gary Frazee from neighboring Minneapolis said he suspected that the president was using the hurricane as an excuse to stay away .
“ Why would he show up ?
There ’s no love for him here , ” he said .
Mary Gleason , a retired church musician from Minneapolis , said Hurricane Gustav “ kind of worked in their favor .
They wo n’t have to wait for Bush and ( Vice President Dick )
Cheney to say something stupid . ”
As the protesters marched around the convention site , about 100 McCain supporters waved signs saying , “ Let our soldiers win , ” drawing spirited chants from the marchers , including “ War is not pro-life . ”
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Saturday July 5 2008
Anyone would think the cold war was still on , with all this top secret scientific data that journalists constantly seem to be writing about .
In last week ’s column , as you will remember , we saw the Sunday Express front page claiming that a scientist and government adviser called Dr Coghill had performed scientific research , and found that the Bridgend suicide cases all lived closer to a mobile phone mast than average : this was an issue of great public health significance , but when I contacted the researcher , he was n’t a doctor , he was n’t really a government adviser , he could n’t tell me what he meant by “ average ” , and he had , in a twist of almost incomprehensible ridiculousness , “ lost ” the data .
This week we have the same thing , from the insurance company Esure , and their agents Mischief PR .
They ’ve done a very good job of getting publicity for some survey figures .
“ Fornightly bin collections spark rat plague ” was the headline in the Express this time .
According to the Daily Mail “ the number of pests plaguing homeowners has gone up by more than a fifth in a mere three years . ”
What caused it ?
“ The rise in unwanted visitors coincides rather neatly with the introduction of fortnightly rubbish collections in half the country . ”
They all quote reams of detailed data .
“ Household reports of wasps have risen by 39 per cent , squirrels by 23 per cent , mice by 17 per cent and rats by 12 per cent , ” and so on .
Similar figures were reported in the Telegraph , on GMTV , and in the Daily Mirror .
I contacted Esure and Mischief to ask about the figures .
It ’s fairly standard practice to make your data publicly available on this kind of survey , as far as I know .
Esure refused to give me the numbers .
Have they lost it , perhaps , like Dr Coghill ?
Apparently not .
They do not send out raw data ( “ this is company policy ” is an eerily familiar phrase from insurers ) .
They are , however , happy to answer individual questions .
This presents us with an interesting challenge : can you interrogate a statistical dataset through a letterbox , in a chat with a PR person ?
It might take a while .
Starting with the easy stuff : you will already have noticed that all the figures quoted are what statisticians would call “ relative risk increases “ : there is a “ 39 % increase ” , but 39 % more than what ?
A very rare thing ?
A very common thing ?
The figures for “ absolute risk increases ” would be nice , please , Esure , and I ’d be happy to calculate them myself , from your top secret data .
Then there are the basics of what information was gathered : Esure are claiming a change over time , but there ’s no indication of what was measured in the past , when , and how it is being compared with current data .
Or did they rely on recall , which is human and flawed , and prone to substantial biases ( known in the trade as recall bias ) ?
“ Ooh yes . ” “ Really ? ” “ Mmmm now you come to mention it since they changed the bins I do think I ’ve definitely seen more rats … ”
There are the basic data analysis issues – like “ did they only ask people whose rubbish collection patterns have changed about vermin patterns changing , or did they ask everyone ? ”
But then there are the fascinating statistical issues .
Did they just cherry pick the biggest figures ?
Did they do a “ correction for multiple comparisons “ ?
After all , if you measure a huge number of different things , some of them are bound to change , or be different , or appear to be statistically significant , simply by chance : because if you toss a coin enough times , you ’ll perfectly easily get five heads in a row , simply by chance .
In fact , speaking of statistical significance , what tests did Esure and Mischief do to make sure that their results were n’t simply due to the play of chance ?
A chi-squared test , perhaps , and if so , on how many subjects ?
Did their data fulfil the assumptions of the chi-squared test ?
Was there other numerical information ?
What was the variance in the data ?
Where are the p-values ?
And so on .
I ’m very happy to analyse a dataset by playing twenty questions through a letterbox with a PR person , but it might well require yes / no answers to several hundred thousand questions until we have the actual numbers .
I do n’t know how many , because I ca n’t even know what they ’ve collected .
This research has received blanket media coverage , it ’s clearly the subject of great public concern , it speaks to us of vitally important issues of public health , and once again the data is hidden from the public , preventing anyone from analysing its contents and significance .
Nobody on the Mirror , the Mail , the Telegraph or the Express seems bothered by this .
Clearly it ’s you and I who are wrong .
In harsh new ad , Obama calls McCain ' dishonest , disgraceful , dishonorable ' Nick Juliano
Published : Monday September 15 , 2008
Print This Email
This A new week in the presidential campaign brings a harsh new ad from Democratic candidate Barack Obama condemning his opponent for his reliance on false attacks and dishonest smears .
The ad released early Monday morning is perhaps the harshest spot from the Obama camp so far this election season .
It cites reviews of John McCain 's recent tactics and juxtaposes them against the Republican candidate 's earlier promise to stick to the high road in his campaign .
" What happened to John McCain ? " a female announcer asks .
" He 's running ' the sleaziest ads ever . ' ... ' Dishonest smears ' ... a ' disgraceful , dishonorable campaign . ' "
The Obama campaign e-mailed a copy of the ad to reporters around 6 a.m. Monday .
It follows a pair of ads released last Friday , including one that mocked McCain for his inability to use a computer .
The New York Times reported last week on plans within the Obama campaign to go on the offensive , after a string of smears from McCain .
After back - to - back attack ads by Mr. McCain , including one that misleadingly accused Mr. Obama of endorsing sex education for kindergarten students , the Obama campaign is planning to sharpen attacks on Mr. McCain and Ms. Palin in an effort to counter Mr. McCains attempt to present himself as the candidate of change with his choice of Ms. Palin .
The new ad comes a day after Obama 's campaign revealed its record breaking $ 66 million fundraising haul last month .
Obama nonetheless finds himself slipping in national polls as McCain and his running mate Sarah Palin enjoy an extended post - convention bounce .
The following ad , " Honor , " was released by the Obama campaign Monday .
Audit : Anglos on HPD more likely than black cops to use Tasers Audit says Houston police more likely to Taser blacks
Wilbert Foxx was tasered at least 3 times by HPD officers during a February 2005 traffic stop .
Wilbert Foxx was tasered at least 3 times by HPD officers during a February 2005 traffic stop .
Photo : Steve Campbell , Houston Chronicle Photo : Steve Campbell , Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Audit : Anglos on HPD more likely than black cops to use Tasers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Houston police officers use their Tasers on black people more often than any other suspects , confirming trends that have roiled community controversy since the stun guns came into widespread use four years ago , according to an audit released Monday .
The audit also , for the first time , analyzed the race and ethnicity of Houston Police Department officers who used their stuns guns and found that black officers turned to their Tasers less often than Anglo or Hispanic officers , particularly in encounters with black suspects .
The one - year , $ 210,000 study overseen by Controller Annise Parker examined some 1,400 incidents in which Houston police officers used Tasers between December 2004 and June 2007 .
During that time , the audit found , 67 percent of the people officers shocked were black , while encounters with black suspects made up just 46 percent of all police interactions .
On the whole , the audit team found Tasers to be an effective tool for controlling suspects and noted that officers used stun guns in less than 1 percent of all encounters with the public .
But the team also identified issues such as the racial disparity , the public 's perception that Tasers are an alternative to the deadly force of firearms and shortcomings in HPD 's policies to monitor officers '
Taser use .
" We need further analysis of the patterns we have discovered — that there are racial and ethnicity differences in how officers use Tasers and in who they are used on , " Parker said Monday after presenting the audit to City Council 's public safety committee .
" We need to know why that difference exists . "
Executive Assistant Police Chief Charles McClelland denied the significance of those findings , saying race plays no role in Taser use .
" A Taser is race neutral , " he said .
" What triggers an officer 's response is a suspect 's actions . "
A notable flashpoint
Parker initiated the audit last year after public calls for tighter restrictions , if not a moratorium , on Taser use after several controversial incidents .
One flashpoint for conflict was the November 2006 encounter between officers and Texans offensive lineman Fred Weary during a traffic stop .
An officer shocked Weary , who was arrested and charged with resisting , only to have a judge later dismiss the charge as baseless .
After that incident , Mayor Bill
White called for an independent review of Taser use .
HPD has armed most of its officers with the stun guns since December 2004 , one year after officers shot and killed two unarmed teens .
Police Chief Harold Hurtt , who reduced officer shootings in his previous post in Phoenix , endorsed Tasers as a way to curb some such shootings , and City Council approved a $ 4.7 million contract .
Despite public suggestions that Tasers could reduce the use of deadly force , HPD considers them intermediate weapons that can be used anytime an officer would use a baton or physically confront a suspect .
" There is a disconnect between how the department expects Tasers should be used and how citizens expect they will be used , " Parker said .
" We have been building on this myth that they are ( an alternative to deadly force ) , and they are not . "
The audit team found that the number of officer shootings has remained steady since the introduction of Tasers .
They did , however , identify 53 incidents in which officers could have fired their guns but instead deployed a Taser .
Parker 's team offered a series of recommendations to better monitor Taser use , including the suggestions that HPD study each incident in which an officer shocks the same suspect more than four times and that it track officers who use their Tasers frequently .
The audit found that two HPD officers have used their Tasers more than 13 times — far more than any other officers on the force .
" The department ought to be aware and monitor ( such ) officers , " Parker told the public safety committee .
The audit also recommended that officers be taught to fully evaluate the situation before each repeat deployment of the Taser and to weigh whether switching to another tactic might be more effective .
Parks also asked HPD to put greater emphasis on real - life scenarios in its Taser training .
McClelland pledged to seriously review the audit 's recommendations .
But Parker said she is unsure of what will happen because of her experience after past audits that have identified problems , particularly with data collection , at HPD .
" The department has been resistant to change , " she said .
" I am not at all confident they will make changes at that level . "
But change is exactly what Wilbert Allen Foxx hopes will come from the audit .
Foxx was charged with trying to disarm an officer after a February 2005 incident in which he was repeatedly shocked .
Jurors found no evidence of wrongdoing and acquitted him of the charge , but , to this day , Foxx said the incident has changed his life .
" I was in college in Atlanta , but I had to stay here to fight the case , " he said .
" I lost my scholarship , and I still am working to graduate .
There are consequences to the way these Tasers are used , and somebody , some system , needs to make sure they are used right . "
roma.khanna@chron.com
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
In THE WEDNESDAY SISTERS , author Meg Waite Clayton explores the transformative power of friendship between ...
In THE WEDNESDAY SISTERS , author Meg Waite Clayton explores the transformative power of friendship between 5 women who are all mothers , friends , and writers .
A vast wall of swirling static dances on a giant screen as Trent Reznor and his band launch into their song , " Only . "
Initially obscured by this sea of visual white noise , the Nine Inch Nails front man intermittently appears to push through the particles of snow with his hands and body , popping in and out of view and opening up random tunnels in the chaos .
" Sometimes , I think I can see right through myself , " he sings .
Nine Inch Nails fans are accustomed to such sonic and visual feasts whenever Reznor and company go out on tour .
But this time around , NIN has pulled out all the stops , creating a groundbreaking , fully interactive visual display that is as much a part of the show as the band 's instruments .
" I 'm not really a purist , " admits Reznor .
" If I 'm in the studio working on an album , I try to only please myself .
But when it 's a tour , it feels a bit more like I have a responsibility to some degree to entertain people . "
Reznor and other band members use Lemurs during the " electronic set . "
The touchscreen devices can be used to control a range of audio and visual aspects of the show on the fly .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
For the band 's current Lights in the Sky tour , Reznor has not only raised the bar for what 's possible in an arena tour , but has also produced what could arguably be one of the most technologically ambitious rock productions ever conceived .
Unlike most rock shows , the visuals for about 40 percent of the show ( including " Only " ) are n't pre-rendered .
There 's no staging , no pantomiming by band members :
It 's all interactive , live and rendered on the fly .
With more than 40 tons of lighting and stage rigging , hundreds of LED lights , a daunting array of professional and custom - built machinery running both archaic and standard commercial VJ software , three different video systems and an array of sensors and cameras , the tour is nothing if not a lavish display of techno wizardry .
According to Reznor , it all started with a relatively simple idea .
" I wanted to see how I could use video as an instrument , " he says , " and try to really make the stage feel like it 's organic – like it 's part of the overall set . "
Judging from initial reactions to the show , the band has done just that .
Reviews have called LiTS everything from a " vision of splendor " to " the pinnacle of video art , " and nowhere is Reznor 's showmanship and willingness to tinker with new technologies more apparent than in the band 's current tour .
NIN programmer and keyboardist Alessandro Cortini stands in back of the giant stealth screen during sound check .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.comTransparent Screens
The core of the show is a sophisticated trio of transparent " stealth " screens , which are raised and lowered during the performance .
Using one high - resolution ( 1024 x 288 ) Barco D7 screen – basically , an opaque , computer - controlled screen comprised of a tiny LED system on modular panels – and two lower - resolution semitransparent screens up front , Reznor and other band members are able to trigger and control various video loops and effects directly from the stage .
The musicians can also interact directly with those visuals onscreen during the show , thanks to a sophisticated array of sensors and cameras .
For more , visit wired.com / video .
For the most part , those visuals come from Reznor and Rob Sheridan , Reznor 's creative partner and the art director for NIN .
But the two had considerable help from a few outside parties in putting together the production .
Roy Bennet , a veteran lighting designer who worked with Reznor on the Downward Spiral and Fragile tours , designed and put together the LiTS set according to Trent 's initial specs .
It was also Bennet who suggested bringing in the other key part to the show , a company called Moment Factory .
Responsible for the technology driving most of the interactive tech elements , Moment Factory is a boutique Canadian outfit that 's worked on a number of Cirque du Soleil shows and has produced other industrial visual installations .
For the interactive portions of the show , all the onscreen video is rendered by Moment Factory 's custom rig , a trio of Linux - based devices collectively known as " the brain . "
" They build what they call games , " Reznor explains .
" Each [ interactive ] song might have two or three settings ... or games .
It 's basically particle - based animation . "
Those particles can interact with any of the various inputs Reznor and the band have selected .
Known simply as " the brain , " this rig is Moment Factory 's custom - built Linux machine that runs all of the interactive visuals audience members see during the show .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.comInteractive Lasers
With the song " Only , " for instance , the front , convex screen starts out as solid static .
On Reznor 's side of the display , a laser above him detects whenever he crosses a vertical plane paralleling the screen .
On the floor , a piece of tape and two tiny LED lights let him know exactly where that plane is .
As Reznor intersects that plane with his hand or body , the laser tracks his X and Y coordinates .
The " brain " box then tells the particles to spread out to a predetermined dispersal pattern .
Reznor says : " Then it follows me around .
If I leave the plane , it fills back in .
If I push through , it comes back out . "
The band uses the same tech for another song later in the show called " Echoplex , " from The Slip album .
Like many other NIN songs , it 's based around a drum machine beat .
After rehearsing live a few times with real drums , Reznor realized it sounded better sounded with a machine .
" We recreated a grid drum sequencer , " he says .
" [ Drummer Josh Freese ] is actually touching and turning them on and off .
But he 's not really touching the screen .
He 's crossing the same laser on the back screen , which gets calibrated at sound check . "
The end effect is so seamless , most people assume the band is simply pantomiming to a pre-rendered video , or has actually somehow installed a gigantic touchscreen sequencer on a backstage wall .
" We went through so much effort to make this stuff interactive and people still think it 's all staged , " jokes Sheridan .
Reznor pushes through a cloud of static onscreen during the band 's performance of " Only . "
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.comProblems
With the Hippotizer
As with any production of this magnitude , there are also the inevitable glitches and hiccups .
According to Reznor and Sheridan , many of those can be traced back to an archaic Windows machine known as the Hippotizer , as well as an antiquated lightning console that it interacts with called the Grand Ma .
At one point , during the band 's recent Red Rocks , Colorado , performance the Hippotizer choked and spit out some text from the machine 's video - labeling system .
NIN fans immediately began dissecting still shots from a video someone had taken , and a three - page discussion ensued on NIN forums trying to decipher what the secret text meant .
" It was all just that stupid fucking Hippotizer getting the wrong trigger ... something from the lighting desk just misfired , " Sheridan says .
But Reznor , who is an unabashed Mac fan , is also playful about having to partially rely on Windows boxes for some of the show 's visuals .
" We purposefully put one frame of the Blue Screen of Death in this collage of static that comes up at the end of ' Great Destroyer , ' and right away people caught it , " he says .
For the next leg of the tour , Sheridan is working to permanently move the entire lighting and visual system over to a Mac rig running ArKaos VJ software .
Moment Factory 's world of cameras .
During a performance of " Terrible Lie , " one camera directly records the stage and then runs that video through a special effect .
That video is then re-projected back onto one of the screens , producing a cool real - time ghosting effect of the band members .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired .comTying Everything Together
While work on the arena show did n't officially begin until last fall , Reznor says the bones of the tour date back to his 2005 With Teeth tour .
" A trap I realized with NIN was that I could go out and play aggressive music where everyone jumps up and down .
But if I wanted to try to bring in some of the other stuff I 've been doing – whether it be electronic or something ambient sounding – it's tough to take an audience that 's been trained to bang their heads to then sit back and think for a minute , " he says .
So with the help of Sheridan , Reznor stumbled on the idea of using transparent screens .
That system allowed him to augment his wide - ranging portfolio of music with visuals he and Sheridan created .
In turn , those visuals helped tie everything together – or at least kept people from whipping out their cellphones or walking off to grab a beer during the " slow songs . "
Reznor appears backstage before the Oakland show .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired .comCurrently , Reznor and the band are on a brief two - week hiatus , before taking the Lights in the Sky tour down to South America and then weaving back up through the States , where they 'll finish up the American portion in mid-December .
There are also talks between NIN and director James Cameron to film the show in 3 - D ( " to at least have proof when U2 rips us off next year that we did it first , " Reznor says ) , and the band also has been in ongoing discussions with HBO for a Year Zero miniseries which would launch in conjunction with a second album and an alternate - reality game .
When asked about his future plans for touring , after the Lights in the Sky wraps up , Reznor says the next series of shows may be a different beast altogether .
" Next time might just be white lights in a club and it's about the music , " he says .
" Because I 'll be broke and that 's all I 'll have . "
Please give a big Mudflats welcome to our guest poster for the evening , Les Gara .
Les is a Democratic State Representative from Anchorage .
He ’s also a former Assistant Attorney General ( Exxon Valdez Litigation Section ) , and has been in office since 2003 .
I took that photo of Les at the Primary Night festivities at the Egan Convention Center in downtown Anchorage .
That ’s him being interviewed for a local news cast .
He had the best signs , I thought .
You can only do so much with red , white , and blue .
Here ’s Rep. Gara ’s take on McCain ’s spin and interference with the bi-partisan “ Troopergate ” Investigation .
Politicians are good at spin .
The McCain camp has brought a whole new level of it to our small state – in what looks like an effort to show they can play the same Karl Rove - like political games that have haunted this country for the last 8 years .
I like Governor Palin on a personal level .
But I do n’t like what the McCain campaign is doing to our state .
I do n’t like deception .
And I do n’t like politics as usual .
Alaskans are starting to see evidence of a Karl Rove - like effort to stonewall what started as a non-controversial , bi-partisan “ Troopergate ” investigation .
A little deception here .
A few personal attacks there .
And the kind of spin you see at an amusement park tilt - a- whirl station .
This investigation was started by a Republican - dominated Alaska Legislature to look into Governor Palin ’s conduct in seeking the termination of a State Trooper , once married to the Governor ’s sister , Trooper Michael Wooten .
The McCain camp wants to stop it by saying it ’s a “ democratic ” investigation .
Apart from facts , and the reputations the McCain folks do n’t mind destroying , there ’s not a lot standing in the way of this strategy .
Until August 29 “ Troopergate ” was a small state investigation Governor Palin , and every Republican and Democrat in a Republican - led Legislature had agreed was appropriate .
But things changed the day Governor Palin joined the McCain ticket .
His handlers went ballistic that the Governor agreed to an investigation they now needed to stop .
I know Senator McCain is now running on a political platform of “ change . ”
Leave aside how he ’ll fight to change what he ’s voted to do to this country for the last 8 years .
If you ask me , the only thing he ’s changed so far is Governor Palin ’s position – her decision to cooperate with this once - small investigation .
This is one of those cases where there ’s a clear truth .
It ’s a clear truth – about a bi-partisan investigation – that I hope McCain ’s operatives will ultimately fail at spinning into a “ partisan ” plot against his running mate .
To get their way , and prevent sworn testimony from leaking out on what I suspect was probably a minor breach by Governor Palin , McCain ’s operatives have come to Alaska to add invective in a state where people generally get along .
They ’ve chosen to vilify : 1 ) one of the state ’s most respected public officials , Senator Hollis French ; 2 ) the state ’s most respected law enforcement official , Walt Monegan ; and 3 ) a highly respected former DA and Victims Rights advocate a legislative committee voted 12 – 0 to hire to conduct the investigation , Steve Branchflower .
It ’s the ghost of Karl Rove .
Say something untrue enough times – like that Al Qaida is training with Saddam Hussein ’s help – and people will believe it .
Not this time .
I ’m not sure if I mentioned a few important facts .
Did I mention that no one ever attacked the Troopergate investigation by Alaska ’s Legislature – started long before Governor Palin was placed on McCain ’s ticket – until August 29 ?
That was the day Governor Palin joined the McCain bid for the White House .
Did I mention that before the McCain camp got involved , the Governor stated of the Legislative investigation : “ That being the route they choose , so be it .
I ’m happy to comply , to cooperate . ” ( KTUU.com , July 24 , 2008 ) .
She repeatedly stated she ’d comply , and that it was the right thing to do .
Did I mention the personal attacks against our local public officials only started after Sen.
McCain sent his flacks up to our small state on August 29 ?
They came with a mission to make America believe a Republican - initiated investigation , started with a unanimous committee vote of 8 Republicans and 4 Democrats , was a “ partisan ” plot .
That ’s only a tough sell if people know the facts .
Did I mention they now claim the Legislature cannot legally proceed with an investigation into government misconduct ( I thought Republicans did n’t like attorneys who made frivolous arguments ) , and that they are threatening to to go to court to stop it ?
The Governor ’s attorneys started writing those letters on – you guessed it – August 29 .
Before then they agreed the investigation was proper .
Oh , and what about this .
Last week the McCain camp put our Governor in a bizarre position .
They told her to file an ethics complaint against herself !
Yup , again after her VP nomination .
Too weird ?
What ’s behind this move ?
You guessed it .
Lawyers .
To create the legal argument that the Legislature cannot investigate government misconduct , the McCain team has had her file a complaint against herself before something called the State Personnel Board .
That ’s a 3 member group of Republican Gubernatorial appointees – that , if it started this week , would n’t get an investigation done , and reported to the public , until after the November election .
Convenient .
Hmmm .
The Legislature has announced they ’d have their investigation done – if witnesses would cooperate like they were until August 29 – by October 10 .
I ca n’t imagine why the McCain camp would prefer an investigation that does n’t get finished until after November .
Any ideas ?
So what about the claim that this investigation is some sort of partisan plot against a Republican ticket ?
A legislative committee of 8 Republicans and 4 democrats asked former Assistant District Attorney Hollis French , a Democrat – to hire a legislative investigator in July .
He did .
He ’s not doing the investigation .
So the complaint that he ’s a Democrat who supports Barack Obama is , well , weak .
He ’s a Democrat who supports Barack Obama , who was appointed before Governor Palin was a VP candidate .
More importantly , he ’s a Senator who has the confidence of a majority Republican Senate .
He once said to the press the results of the investigation are likely to be troubling .
He should n’t have said that .
But the Governor ’s said it too .
The newspapers have said it .
We all know it .
The public record already contains evidence that the Department of Public Safety was contacted roughly 20 times by Palin senior staff , and her husband Todd , about firing Trooper Wooten .
The Governor has conceded that based on this evidence , the public could conclude the Department could have felt pressure from above to fire Trooper Wooten .
The investigator , Steve Branchflower , is a former DA and Office of Victims Rights head ( a job he was appointed to by a Republican Legislature ) .
He ’s actually conducting the investigation .
Attacking Senator French does n’t really work if he ’s not investigating the case , or making any findings .
So the McCain folks have attacked Mr. Branchflower .
And they ’ve tried to stop him from issuing subpoenas to the witnesses now directed not to talk .
Today the McCain folks suffered a setback .
A bi-partisan committee of Republicans and Democrats authorized Mr. Branchflower to move ahead to subpoena those witnesses .
And for good measure – the McCain folks are attacking Walt Monegan – the Public Safety Commissioner Governor Palin fired .
The Troopergate investigation involves claims that Monegan was fired for not agreeing to fire Trooper Wooten , the Governor ’s brother in law involved in a very ugly custody dispute with the Governor ’s sister .
I do n’t begrudge the Governor for not liking her brother - in - law .
I do n’t really like him either , from what I ’ve read .
I do begrudge those who ’d attack Commissioner Monegan , a quintessential public servant who ’s worked for both Republican and Democratic heads on the state and local level .
These three public servants deserve better .
What they ’ve received so far , is a little dose of ugly Washington politics in a state where we do n’t see that stuff too often .
I stood on the sidelines when this investigation started .
When Governor Palin fired Commissioner Monegan , my advice was to end the flap and just hire him back .
He does good work .
He ’s well respected .
Unfortunately , my advice sometimes is n’t that good , and the Governor did n’t agree .
Then McCain ’s staff of outsiders came to town .
And they began to launch personal attacks on people I respect .
They started proving that the same old politics that have caused dissatisfaction with Washington insiders these past 8 years are going to be the bread and butter of the McCain campaign .
So – here I am today .
I support an Obama presidency because he shares a vision I believe in .
I ’ve publicly supported him since the race started last year .
I also think Governor Palin originally did the right thing in agreeing to take some small lumps by proceeding with a legislative investigation Republicans and Democrats , and much of the public asked for .
But unfortunately Alaska is the bull ’s eye in a national presidential race today .
When told by the McCain folks that she needed to change her position , she did , as a loyal running mate .
I understand that .
As an Alaskan I ’m not really angry at our Governor for this mess .
I do blame John McCain for the ugliness he ’s brought to our state this week .
His folks have come to my small state to attack my friends , and people I respect , for political gain .
In my book , that ’s not OK .
We all mess up time to time .
But this crosses the line .
In small states , like small towns , people who act like the McCain folks apologize .
Until that happens , I ’ll keep defending 3 public servants who deserve better .
Plotki z życia gwiazd - Plotek.pl
Portal Plotek.pl to strona , na której znajdziesz najnowsze newsy ze świata show - biznesu .
Wiadomości o gwiazdach z Polski i ze Świata .
Najświeższe plotki , skandale i relacje z ważnych wydarzeń .
Jeśli chcesz by ć na bieżąco z tym , co dzieje się w życiu gwiazd i śledzić najświeższe zdarzenia z życia Twoich idoli , to Plotek.pl jest miejscem dla Ciebie .
Plotek.pl - Gwiazdy i plotki
Chcemy dostarczać najświeższe newsy naszym czytelnikom , dlatego piszemy o wszystkim co jest modne i na czasie .
Prowadzimy relacje i reportaże z premier , gal , pokazów mody i imprez gwiazd .
Opisujemy życie celebrytów , gwiazd showbiznesu , aktorów i aktorek , sportowców i sportsmenek , piosenkarzy i piosenkarek , modeli i modelek oraz polityków .
Goszczą u nas polskie gwiazdy i celebryci .
Znajdziesz również u nas plotki ze świata .
Śledzimy światowe gwiazdy i wydarzenia .
Nasze źródła opieramy o światowe serwisy showbiznesowe i plotkarskie , instagramy i inne media społecznościowe gwiazd .
Opisujemy wpadki i skandale .
Inspirujemy Cię i oceniamy fryzury , sukienki i stylizacje gwiazd .
Dbamy o wysoki poziom naszych publikacji i chcemy abyś zawsze znalazł coś dla siebie na Plotek .
pl
Włącz powiadomienia lub zainstaluj aplikację Plotek !
Lubisz by ć na bieżąco i chcesz aby nic Cię nie ominęło ?
Odwiedzaj regularnie serwis Plotek.pl , wtedy na pewno będziesz orientować się w aktualnych wydarzeniach ze świata gwiazd .
Jeżeli chcesz , możesz także włączy ć specjalne powiadomienia , dzięki którym będziesz otrzymywać informacje o najważniejszych plotkach ze świata i kraju , które pojawią się w naszym serwisie .
Zachęcamy Cię również do zainstalowania naszej aplikacji Plotek , dostępnej w sklepie Google Play lub AppStore .
When the much - hyped Esquire E - Ink cover finally shipped to newsstands a few weeks ago , we were kind of underwhelmed .
Using conventional methods , the sectioned panel is n't really hackable in any meaningful way , so Phone Losers took a more proactive approach : violence .
As it turns out , E - Ink is ridiculously durable , standing up to bending , cuts , water , fire and even total punctures without ceasing to blink .
The panel only died when microwaved for a few seconds , but that was just because all of its metal components ( power connectors , mainly ) vaporized in fantastic balls of lightning .
[ Phone Losers via Technabob ]
Advertisement
It ’s not every day that Dems embrace Karl Rove , but the Obama camp is e-mailing a comment he made .
Rove quote delights
Dems
It ’s not every day that Democrats embrace the wisdom of Karl Rove , but the Barack Obama campaign is e-mailing around a comment he made to Chris Wallace on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
With the commercials of Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) under attack for falsehoods , Rove said that both sides in the presidential race have “ gone one step too far ” — in McCain ’s case , by “ attributing to Obama things that are … beyond the 100 percent truth test . ”
Advertisement
" When Karl Rove is questioning the legitimacy of your dishonest tactics , you really need to take a moment of self - reflection , " Obama spokesman Hari Sevugan said when the campaign e-mailed the quote to reporters for the second time in 80 minutes .
So expect to hear surrogates for the Illinois senator out on the airwaves saying , “ EVEN Karl Rove . … ”
But he said it about both campaigns .
Obama campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor , echoing Obama campaign language from Saturday , quickly blasted out a statement saying : “ In case anyone was still wondering whether John McCain is running the sleaziest , most dishonest campaign in history , today Karl Rove — the man who held the previous record — said McCain ’s ads have gone too far . ”
In response , Rove said : “ Of course , they fail to say anything about the fact I said they were even more misleading . ”
Indeed , Rove had first said that Obama ’s riff about putting lipstick on a pig was “ inappropriate ” and “ maybe it was unconscious , but it was a deliberate slap at [ Alaska ] Gov. [ Sarah ] Palin . ”
Since leaving the White House , Rove has multi-tasked as a book author , Fox News analyst , Newsweek columnist and frequent contributor to The Wall Street Journal .
Here is his exchange with Wallace :
WALLACE : Do you have any problem with what McCain is doing by , for instance , saying — which a lot of people thought was kind of made up — that Obama was smearing Palin ?
ROVE : Well , first of all , I do think that the lipstick remark was an inappropriate — and maybe it was unconscious , but it was a deliberate slap at Gov. Palin .
The only time this word has intruded in recent months in the campaign was in her self - deprecating remark at the convention .
So for him to use the lipstick remark less than two weeks after she used it struck me as too much of a coincidence not to have been a deliberate attack .
But , look , both campaigns are making a mistake , and that is they are taking whatever their attacks are and going one step too far .
We saw this this week , for example , in the Obama ad where he makes the point , a legitimate point , that John McCain came to the United States Congress in 1982 and that he has been a longtime Washington insider .
But they then say he does n't even know how to use a — you know , does n't send e-mail .
Well , this is because his war injuries keep him from being able to use a keyboard .
He can't type .
You know , it 's like saying he can't do jumping jacks .
Well , there 's a reason why he can't raise his arms above his head .
There 's a reason why he does n't have the nimbleness in his fingers .
WALLACE : All right , and for fair game , what is McCain doing that goes a step too far ?
ROVE : Well , McCain has gone in some of his ads — similarly gone one step too far , and sort of attributing to Obama things that are , you know , beyond the 100 percent truth test .
They do n't need to attack each other in this way .
They have legitimate points to make about each other .
The Democratic National Committee also circulated the quote .
DNC spokesman Damien LaVera said : " When Karl Rove says your campaign is dishonest , maybe it 's time to reevaluate . "
Sick sick sick .
When the Republicans said they support the troops , I never knew they meant the imaginary ones .
Though , as DKos reminds us , this is n’t the first time the Republicans used fake troops to bolster their image – in fact , John McCain ’s mentor , George Bush , did it for his election 2004 as well .
John Aravosis
Follow me on Twitter : @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google + | LinkedIn . John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog , which he founded in 2004 .
He has a joint law degree ( JD ) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown ; and has worked in the US Senate , World Bank , Children 's Defense Fund , the United Nations Development Programme , and as a stringer for the Economist .
He is a frequent TV pundit , having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor , Hardball , World News Tonight , Nightline , AM Joy & Reliable Sources , among others .
John lives in Washington , DC .
John 's article archive .
September 22 , 2008  -- Attorneys for Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin met with a special investigator for the Alaska Personnel Board earlier today to broker her cooperation with the panel 's own probe of the scandal now known as " Troopergate , " according to sources close to the matter .
With help from the McCain - Palin campaign , the popular governor and GOP vice - presidential candidate has fought a separate investigation by the Republican - dominated Alaska state legislature into the scandal .
The flap centers around allegations Palin used her power to pursue a personal vendetta against a state trooper who was once married to Palin 's sister .
Lawyers hired by Palin and the McCain - Palin campaign met with Tim Petumenos , an Anchorage lawyer hired by the Personnel Board to investigate the matter , after Palin herself filed a formal complaint to the panel .
Initially , Palin had pledged cooperation with the legislature 's investigation .
She changed her position after joining the GOP ticket , claiming that probe was politically biased and that the legislature lacked constitutional authority to investigate her .
She argued the proper venue was the three - member Personnel Board -- part of the executive branch -- and filed a complaint against herself , saying she " welcomed " its investigation .
All three of the board 's current members were originally appointed by Alaska 's previous governor , Frank Murkowski ; one has since been re-appointed by Palin .
Palin's attorneys are expected to make an announcement at a press conference later this afternoon that they have hammered out a " roadmap for cooperation " with Petumenos , including an agreement on what " search terms " to use while sifting through thousands of emails from her government and Yahoo !
email accounts for possible evidence .
The Governor 's attorneys are also said to be negotiating a plan to turn over paper documents and setting dates for initial interviews with both the Governor and her husband .
Meanwhile , critics say Palin has worked with her allies and the campaign to impede the legislative investigation .
Her husband Todd has refused to respond to a subpoena issued for his testimony ; the state attorney general , a Palin appointee , reneged on an arrangement to permit subpoenaed testimony for several government employees ; and at least two lawsuits have been filed challenging the probe .
" Their goal has been to obstruct the legislative investigation , " said Alaska State Rep. Les Gara , D - Anchorage .
" The whole thing has been aimed to obstruct until after the election . "
The legislative probe is expected to wrap up in mid-October ; Gara said he expected the Personnel Board investigation would not release findings until after the election .
Petumenos did not respond to an inquiry .
Central to the Troopergate scandal is the allegation that Palin fired her former Public Safety Commissioner , Walt Monegan , because he refused to take action against her sister 's ex-husband , State Trooper Mike Wooten , whom she has accused of domestic violence , making threats against her family and more .
Wooten served a five - day suspension in 2005 after an investigation confirmed a handful of the allegations ; he has denied the rest .
Palin fired Monegan in mid-July of this year .
In a filing last week to the Personnel Board , Palin claimed she fired Monegan because he had a " rogue mentality " and was bucking her administration 's directives .
" The last straw , " her lawyer argued , came when she discovered he was planning a trip to Washington to lobby for money to fund an anti-sexual - violence program .
Palin had approved neither the trip nor the program , the filing said .
Later in the week , however , ABC News reported that Palin 's chief of staff had signed a travel authorization form approving Monegan 's trip .
The McCain - Palin campaign said that such authorizations were " routine " and were signed without knowing the purpose of the travel .
Monegan 's signed form , released through an open records request to the Alaska Department of Public Safety , stated the purpose of his trip was to meet with Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R - Alaska .
Monegan 's lawyer , Jeff Feldman , blasted the allegations Palin made last week , calling her legal filing " their version of the facts " which served as " a vehicle to defame " Monegan , and promised his client would rebut them in their own filing to the panel .
Feldman also said he expected his client to cooperate with Petumenos ' investigation , although they have not yet had the opportunity to meet with him .
" It 's entirely on his schedule , " said Feldman .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Wanted : Political Candidates , Must Hate Software Patents
by Ostatic Staff - Aug. 06 , 2008
Related Blog Posts
If you live in the U.S. , it 's hard to escape news about the upcoming presidential elections , but that is n't the only thing happening on the political front .
There 's a movement afoot to locate congressional candidates in the U.S. House and Senate who support copyright reform and other technology issues , and mobilize the open source community to get them re-elected .
GeekPAC , originally known as BytesFree.org , is a grassroots campaign designed to build political support and effect change in legislation surrounding net neutrality , copyright and DCMA reform , patent reform , and other issues near and dear to the open source and tech communities at large .
The group 's founder , John Mark Walker , says , “ Many of us in the technology community have done a poor job of communicating to the general public why they should care about these issues .
With GeekPAC , we hope to change that by driving thought leadership in this area and building a critical mass of concerned citizens who will be able to get the attention of their local politicians . ”
To get things underway , Walker is hosting a Birds of a Feather ( BoF ) session at LinuxWorld Expo Wednesday evening called " Hacking the Election . "
It 's part fundraiser , part getting - to - know - you opportunity .
Walker and other GeekPAC members will be on hand to answer questions about the group 's goals and organize volunteers .
As with any volunteer - led campaign , a small amount of working capital is needed to fund some of the formalities GeekPAC must get out of the way in order to enter the arena as a recognized Political Action Committee .
Donations are being collected through Fundable , an online fundraising site that receives pledges and only collects money if the donation goal is reached -- in this case , $ 2,220 .
The money will be used to hire a lawyer to file the necessary paperwork with the Federal Elections Committee , and any funds left over will go toward reaching out to candidates around the country .
To learn more about GeekPAC 's goals , read its mission statement or position paper online .
Follow this blog to stay current on all the latest news and opinion concerning the struggle of the American people against their own government to stop amnesty and to seal our borders against terrorism , illegal migration , drugs and third world diseases .
Talking LEGO robot skull reciting movie lines
My first LEGO creation in over 20 years .
Last month , I ordered a few LEGO Mindstorms NXT sets for a project that I wanted to build for DECADES .
I realized that my intended creation was too ambitious :
I had n't created anything LEGO in over 20 years .
I was unfamiliar with LEGO pieces created after 1985 .
I gave up the original project and built this silly programmable talking LEGO robot .
This project has been HASTILY documented in the following pages in video and pictures so that I can tear it down and build something new ...
- September 17 , 2008
Don and I are doing our quick talk about hackage and the Haskell platform tomorrow .
Chris and Eelco from Tupil have been helping us prepare some cool visualisations of Hackage .
This one shows each package as a circle with the size indicating the number of other packages that use it .
So the base package is the biggest of course with 754 other packages that use it .
Here we have Neil and the Tupil guys brainstorming about the user interaction and visual design of the new hackage .
The big idea is using search ( i.e. hoogle ) as the primary interface .
The new hackage server implementation is something that Lemmih ( of HAppS fame ) and myself have been working on in the last couple months .
We 'll be demoing it in the talk tomorrow .
I promise I 'll announce it properly some time soon .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
Remember me — The Hacker GM ?
I wrote another program that provides support for GMs like me , this time to fulfill the need for someone running a game in which I ’m a player .
Whereas a previous program I wrote , called pfconv , is used to perform XP conversions from D&D 3.5 to Pathfinder RPG for character level advancement , this one is used to generate an attractiveness score for a character based on stats on the character sheet .
There ’s Always A Backstory
My SigO ran the first session of a Pathfinder RPG campaign tonight , using book one of the Rise of the Runelords Adventure Path .
I ’m really enjoying playing my character , and my SigO is doing a great job of running the game thus far .
The whole session was introductory stuff , social interaction , and setting the scene — and thoroughly enjoyable .
I think the session basically ended just before we would have rolled initiative for our first combat encounter , but I wo n’t know for sure until next time we play .
A couple days ago , while she was doing some preparatory work for the game , my SigO went searching online for ways to determine the physical attractiveness of characters .
Basically , she was looking for a way to determine something like the old - school Comeliness attribute from first edition AD&D .
Part of the reason she was looking for something like that was the fact that I ’m annoyingly insistent in games I run that physical attractiveness is not simply identical to one ’s Charisma , because Charisma encompasses a hell of a lot more than the attractiveness of one ’s appearance .
As such , I reason , it ’s entirely possible to have a character with a Charisma of 6 who is surly , socially inept , and unable to intimidate sixth grade children , but is still quite attractive in a purely physical sense , or to have a character with a Charisma of 15 who is affable , able to intimidate with a single brief glare , and the consummate social butterfly , but has a face like a waffle iron with a grotesque physique and poor hygiene .
Of course , it ’s still nice to have an idea how attractive people are , even if Charisma does n’t correspond exactly to attractiveness .
Thus , her search for a means of determining attractiveness .
What she found was someone ’s D&D Variant Rule : Comeliness as a homebrew formula .
The Problem
I had one look at the formula and mentally gagged .
Basically , what the formula boiled down to was the following :
( STR + CON / 8 ) + CHA / 2 + 3d6 / 4 + ( racial modifier )
There are charts of racial modifiers on that Comeliness variant page , of course .
I vaguely recall a system for calculating a Comeliness stat in AD&D that basically just involved rolling a seventh attribute , then applying a Charisma - based modifier , granting Comeliness attributes ranging from something really low to something really high .
A final racial modifier would then be added , if applicable .
All told , it ’s a much simpler system than the above :
3d6 + ( CHA modifier ) + ( racial modifier )
( Edit : I found a page that explains First Edition AD&D Comeliness Rules . )
Just creating a completely new attribute as in first edition AD&D always seemed a little too arbitrary to me .
It also stole some attention away from other attributes , so that when creating a character whose concept involves some reasonable level of attractiveness you ’d have to give up stats that actually make the character more useful in an adventuring party , while being happy with a hideous character grants significant benefits for making a character who is combat effective , at least when some means of character creation other than the purely random is used .
I guess the argument could be made that really ugly people have to defend themselves more from bullies as they grow up , but suggesting that ugly people are always better fighters than pretty people seems a bit limiting in terms of opportunities to develop varied character concepts .
I find the multi-attribute based formula from the rule variant page even more problematic , though .
I could see using Constitution and Charisma to help determine attractiveness , with the assumption that being healthier is better for attractiveness to those with a more or less innate biological imperative to mate with you , but the way Strength is included bothers me deeply .
Consider which you think should have a higher attractiveness score — a classy , waiflike Audrey Hepburn ( and there ’s another , very different photo of her here ) , or a body builder like this lovely lady ?
I ’m sure there ’s room enough in the world for both to be considered ravishingly beautiful to someone , but the majority would probably choose Ms. Hepburn in the prime of her young stardom .
The latter picture is n’t even an 18 Strength — it ’s probably more like a 16 .
The same goes for men , though there is obviously a greater upward bias on the attractiveness of apparent strength .
Still , I think the attractiveness would probably pass its peak before you got to the level of Mr. Olympia Ronnie Coleman and Olympic Men ’s Weightlifting gold medalist Hossein Rezazadeh , pictures side - by - side here — arguably the strongest - looking man in the world and the actual strongest man in the world in 2004 .
As such , I think perhaps a different standard for attractiveness is called for than one that simply assumes an 18 Strength is always more attractive than a 10 Strength .
The Solution
I decided to write a program that calculates appearance based on all of a character ’s attributes .
After all , attractiveness in the general case is affected by mannerisms and other less strictly physical characteristics as well as the purely material state of one ’s body .
Usually , people are less attractive just after they ’ve been knocked out by a blow to the head , in my experience — so there must be something to the way one holds oneself , moves , behaves , and even looks at the world through his or her eyes that affects attractiveness to others .
Since Charisma is traditionally the attribute that affects attractiveness most strongly , and in fact includes attractiveness to some extent according to the standard rules of D&D and Pathfinder RPG , while Intelligence and Wisdom probably affect it the least , I weighted the various attribute scores differently in my calculation .
The weighting looks something like the following , where the number associated with each is a divisor ( thus making higher numbers less important ) :
STR 03 DEX 04 CON 02 INT 08 WIS 10 CHA 01
Basically , this means that each point of Dexterity is worth twenty - five percent as much as a point of Charisma for determining attractiveness , while each point of Wisdom is only worth ten percent as much .
This is because a high Dexterity assumes one moves with a certain amount of grace and the character ’s build is well - proportioned , while Wisdom is altogether more ephemeral and less outwardly obvious .
The way I handled Strength is a bit more complex than the other attributes .
Rather than just giving a weighted value to each point of Strength , I measured the value of one ’s Strength score in terms of its difference from an “ ideal ” Strength for determining attractiveness .
I picked the number 10 out of the air for women , and 15 for men , based on the fact that ( in my experience , in Western cultures ) men tend to prefer women who are n’t obviously too strong or too weak ( i.e. , too far outside an average range ) and women tend to prefer men who fit into a fairly normal business suit but still have good muscle definition under that $ 3000 Versace tuxedo .
Thus , for a man , a STR 16 man is as attractive as a STR 14 man , all else being equal — with a STR 15 man being ( only marginally ) more attractive than both .
The same goes with comparing a STR 11 woman and a STR 9 woman to a STR 10 woman .
I picked 10 for women , by the way , on the assumption that men who prefer a more athletic looking woman ( say , STR 12 ) and men who prefer the waiflike look ( about STR 8 ) probably balance out , on average .
Because we have the Player ’s Guides for the Rise of the Runelords , Curse of the Crimson Throne , and Second Darkness Adventure Paths available to us — particularly the third of those — I decided to include some consideration for the use of the Traits rule presented there .
The rules for Traits were not really finalized until the Second Darkness Pathfinder Companion , which works out pretty well , since that ’s the book that includes the Charming Trait , which basically gives a character an advantage for working his or her wiles on those who are potentially attracted to the character — thus implying the character possesses a certain amount of attractiveness .
I intend to flesh out a more nuanced Trait system than can be found in the Second Darkness Pathfinder Companion , but for now ( since I have n’t done so yet ) the only Trait that can affect attractiveness score calculations is the Charming Trait .
I ’ll add more as needed later — such as something that ’s desperately needed to account for the pathetically poor attractiveness of a character created by my SigO , though the guy ’s attributes suggest a higher attractiveness as my attractiveness score calculator currently stands .
I ’ll save my thoughts on how I ’ll develop a modified Traits system for another time , though , since it ’s a little off - topic for this discussion .
I ’ve also added in some modifiers for various races .
At the serious end of the spectrum , being a member of certain races can affect how much difference your Strength score makes in determining attractiveness .
Because elves tend toward a kind of ethereal ideal , and their physiques are probably less significantly altered by variations in physical strength , I applied a further reduction of the weighting for Strength difference from the ideal in elves ( with a reduced , but similar , effect for half - elves ) .
Meanwhile , because the physiques of dwarves and half - orcs are probably more prone to drastic alteration by varying physical strength , I increased the weighting of Strength in their cases .
I also gave gnomes and halflings different ideal Strength scores than Medium sized races because of how inappropriately overdeveloped the muscles of a 15 Strength halfling would probably appear ( considering 16 is the maximum first - level STR score for a halfling , after applying a - 2 racial adjustment , for instance ) .
More comically , I ’ve included modifiers to attractiveness based on whether a female dwarf character has a beard , and based on whether a gnome character has a tremendous noggin as portrayed in the illustrations of the D&D 3.5 core rulebooks .
There ’s also the “ wrongness ” humans feel in the presence of a member of the elan race .
If you use the D&D 3.5 Expanded Psionics Handbook , you should indicate the human race for your character because the “ wrongness ” is already covered by the elan racial - 2 Charisma adjustment .
If , on the other hand , your character is a member of the revised elan race I created for use with Pathfinder RPG , select the elan option when running my attribute score calculator program ; it accommodates the racial reaction modifier , because there ’s no direct Charisma adjustment in that version of the race .
The Code
Because the source code for this program will be changing as I refine both the program ’s design and the algorithm I use to calculate attractiveness scores — in addition to adding options ( e.g. , additional race and Trait choices , possibly an optional element of randomness , et cetera ) —
I ’ll just point a link from here to the Ruby program I ’ve written .
As the code changes , what ’s on the other end of the link will change as well .
I may eventually create a Web interface for calc_att ( the name I ’ve given the program ) , similar to the pfconv Web interface , but I have n’t done so yet .
I ’m sure I ’ll let you ( my readers ) know when I do by either posting a new SOB entry or amending this entry .
Without further ado . . . this is where you can get the source code for calc_att .
It is n’t the prettiest code I ’ve ever written , to be sure , but it works — and I ’ll probably pretty it up a bit , in time .
If you have a Ruby interpreter running on your system , this should be pretty platform - independent .
It requires the use of the HighLine module , so you ’ll have to install that before it works properly .
Just run it from the command line and answer the questions it asks .
It should be pretty self - explanatory .
It currently does n’t take any command line options , but I intend for it to do so eventually — which is why I have that -- help option stub written into the code for now .
Eventually , using that option should give you some simple documentation on how to use the program beyond just typing calc_att and answering the program ’s questions .
Do not assume this program has a stable interface .
It does n’t .
The interface for the program will change as I modify the thing in the future .
I ’ll let you know if and when it ever develops a stable interface .
Until such a time , assume that updating the program will break any code you ’ve written to interact with it .
I think that covers everything .
Enjoy .
Mozilla has launched a new concept browser and advanced user - interface , named Aurora .
For the project , Mozilla Labs teamed up with Adaptive Path , a creative user - experience and design consultancy , who recently redesigned the MySpace social - networking site .
Together , the companies are developing the Aurora browser as a concept showing how an Internet browser may look in the future .
Aurora – concept for a future browser
The very first Aurora demo on Mozilla Labs ’ website was a video showing a new collaboration browser , linking the functions of a conventional browser and instant - messaging capabilities on the same page .
Another idea features files sent between browser users with immediate access to the downloaded files from within the browser .
The final goal for Mozilla is to collectively achieve a revolutionary user - interface design by having a community which contributes ideas and concepts .
Mozilla Labs Vice President , Chris Beard , explains that Mozilla are not receiving input only from code or software engineers .
Beard says the goal is to get input from any users who are able to contribute to the projects .
He stresses that , “ Everyone is welcome to participate .
We ’re particularly interested in engaging with designers who have not typically been involved with open source projects .
And we ’re biasing towards broad participation , not finished implementations ” .
The program defines the contributors ’ input as a concept .
Concepts may take the form of ideas , mockups , or prototypes .
An idea is a sentence , paragraph , or even bullet - points that kick - start the design process .
Ideas can be simple and non-technical , but must be easy for everyone to help shape the future of the Web .
The next step is turning the idea into an image , sketch , or video .
Words can only describe so much , whereas a picture paints a thousand words .
Mockups offer a visual representation designed to communicate ideas in polished and realistic terms .
The images are meant to draw the next person in , tempting them to pick up the concept and develop it .
Mozilla Labs
The last phase of a new creation is an interactive prototype , which does not necessarily have fully functional applications , but manages to get the idea across .
Using minimal programming , the prototype can be built using HTML , Flash , or any program which can put things into action .
An important clause in uploading the concepts is that all concepts and related source materials can be freely redistributed and altered under either a creative commons licence that is a non commercial licence for ideas and mockups , or a Mozilla public license for prototypes .
Currently , there is no structured way to contribute concepts .
The recommended method to share an idea is to write about it in a blog .
Displaying a mockup can be done through online photo sharing applications , such as Flickr , and hosting prototypes on web sites .
Later , these mediums of communication , tagged with ‘ mozconcept ’ can be linked to the Concept Series discussion forum .
TFOT has previously written about Mozilla ’s new Firefox 3 .
You can also check out TFOT ’s Cool on ‘ Knol ’ , discussing Google ’s new online service which allows users to contribute their knowledge in a wiki - like format .
TFOT has also written about Mahalo , a human powered search engine .
Mahalo relies on a group of full - time experts known as “ guides ” , who manually sift through all search results of the Internet ’s most popular search terms and filter out any results that do not meet the engine ’s strict requirements .
More information about Mozilla ’s new concept browser is available on the Mozilla Labs website .
Compare And Contrast
During the primary , I compared the legislation Clinton and Obama had managed to get enacted ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ; and it occurred to me that it would be useful to do the same thing for Obama and McCain .
I compare the legislation each person has sponsored ( later I ’ll do co-sponsored legislation ) that actually became law .
For one thing , this gives some idea of how effective they are at working with Congress , and for another , it ’s easy to write a bill that promises the moon so long as you do n’t think there ’s the least possibility that it will ever become law ; sticking to legislation that actually got enacted avoids bothering with that stuff .
As during the primaries , I ’ve excluded the following : ( a ) bills that just do something ceremonial , like name a post office ; ( b ) bills that merely call for a report or express the sense of the Senate ( too easy to mean anything ) ; ( c ) bills that appropriate less than $ 40 million , and that do nothing else ; ( d ) bills of purely local interest .
( Interestingly , Obama did n’t have any of these . )
I have also only checked the 109th and 110th Congresses , since these are the only ones when both Obama and McCain were in Congress .
The interesting part , for me , is seeing how the comparisons come out .
I never really know in advance ; one reason I do this is as a check on my own objectivity .
In this case , I assumed that McCain would absolutely dominate during the 109th Congress , both because his party was in power and because of his seniority .
( These affect not just how likely his bills are to pass , but how likely they are to be listed as his bills : there ’s a reason that the bill Dick Lugar and Barack Obama wrote on nonproliferation was introduced as Lugar - Obama . )
I was n’t sure about the 110th : Obama ’s party was in control , but McCain still had seniority ; probably more importantly , both candidates were off campaigning .
Was I right ?
No .
Why not ?
See for yourselves , below the fold .
Note : descriptions of the bills and amendments are from Thomas .
I ca n’t link to the actual searches or bills ; however , the master page from which all searches start is here .
I have added comments in parentheses .
110th Congress
Bills Enacted , 110th Congress :
Obama : none .
McCain : S.327 : A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of sites associated with the life of Cesar Estrada Chavez and the farm labor movement .
( Who knew ? )
Bills Placed On Calendar , 110th Congress : ( I included these for the 110th Congress , since it ’s not over yet , and these are the bills most likely to be acted on . )
Obama :
S. 453 : A bill to prohibit deceptive practices in Federal elections .
S.2433 : A bill to require the President to develop and implement a comprehensive strategy to further the United States foreign policy objective of promoting the reduction of global poverty , the elimination of extreme global poverty , and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goal of reducing by one - half the proportion of people worldwide , between 1990 and 2015 , who live on less than $ 1 per day .
McCain :
S. 84 : A bill to establish a United States Boxing Commission to administer the Act , and for other purposes .
Bills Enacted , 109th Congress :
Obama : S.2125 : A bill to promote relief , security , and democracy in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
McCain : S.1481 : A bill to amend the Indian Land Consolidation
Act to provide for probate reform .
S. 1892 : A bill to amend Public Law 107 - 153 to modify a certain date .
( Here is the substantive bit of this bill in its entirety : “ Section 1 ( a ) of Public Law 107- 153 ( 25 U.S.C. 4044 note ; 116 Stat. 79 ) is amended by striking ` December 31 , 1999 ′ and inserting ` December 31 , 2000 ′ . ” )
Amendments Passed , 110th Congress : ( note : unless I indicate otherwise , amendments were part of bills that became law )
Obama ( 19 18 amendments ) :
S.AMDT.41 to S.1
To require lobbyists to disclose the candidates , leadership PACs , or political parties for whom they collect or arrange contributions , and the aggregate amount of the contributions collected or arranged .
S.AMDT.524 to S.CON.RES.21
To provide $ 100 million for the Summer Term Education Program supporting summer learning opportunities for low - income students in the early grades to lessen summer learning losses that contribute to the achievement gaps separating low - income students from their middle - class peers .
S.AMDT.599 to S.CON.RES.21
To add $ 200 million for Function 270 ( Energy ) for the demonstration and monitoring of carbon capture and sequestration technology by the Department of Energy .
S.AMDT.905 to S.761
To require the Director of Mathematics , Science , and Engineering Education to establish a program to recruit and provide mentors for women and underrepresented minorities who are interested in careers in mathematics , science , and engineering .
S.AMDT.923 to S.761
To expand the pipeline of individuals entering the science , technology , engineering , and mathematics fields to support United States innovation and competitiveness .
S.AMDT.924 to S.761
To establish summer term education programs .
( Underlying bill held at the desk . )
S.AMDT.2519 to H.R.2638
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $ 5 million or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee certifies in writing to the agency awarding the contract or grant that the contractor or grantee owes no past due Federal tax liability .
[ Note : I changed ‘ one ’ to ‘ none ’ in the first sentence : I suspect3d it was a typo , since the sentence itself made no sense , checked the amendment in the Congressional Record , and found that it was . ]
S.AMDT.2588 to H.R.976
To provide certain employment protections for family members who are caring for members of the Armed Forces recovering from illnesses and injuries incurred on active duty .
( Underlying bill vetoed by President .
Specific protections offered : “ A family member of a recovering servicemember described in subsection ( c ) shall not be denied retention in employment , promotion , or any benefit of employment by an employer on the basis of the family member ’s absence from employment as described in that subsection , for a period of not more than 52 workweeks . ” )
S.AMDT.2658 to H.R.2642
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $ 5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee makes certain certifications regarding Federal tax liability .
S.AMDT.2692 to H.R.2764
To require a comprehensive nuclear threat reduction and security plan .
S.AMDT.2799 to H.R.3074
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $ 5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee makes certain certifications regarding Federal tax liability .
S.AMDT.3073 to H.R.1585
To provide for transparency and accountability in military and security contracting .
( Note : requires that various agencies ( State , DoD , intelligence , etc. ) provide information on the companies hired to do contract work in Iraq and Afghanistan , the number of people employed to do such work , a way to track the number killed or wounded , and the cost of those contracts .
Also requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report detailing his strategy for ensuring that contractors do not perform “ inherently governmental functions ” , and are not placed in supervisory positions over US personnel . )
( The underlying bill was vetoed by the President ; amendment included in the bill that ultimately became law . )
S.AMDT.3078 to H.R.1585
Relating to administrative separations of members of the Armed Forces for personality disorder .
( Described here and here . )
( The underlying bill was vetoed by the President ; parts of the amendment were incorporated into the bill that became law . )
S.AMDT.3137 to H.R.3222
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $ 5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee makes certain certifications regarding Federal tax liability .
S.AMDT.3234 to H.R.3093
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $ 5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee makes certain certifications regarding Federal tax liability .
S.AMDT.3331 to H.R.3043
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to enter into a contract in an amount greater than $ 5,000,000 or to award a grant in excess of such amount unless the prospective contractor or grantee makes certain certifications regarding Federal tax liability .
S.AMDT.4113 to S.2663
To clarify and expand requirements with respect to information in recall notices .
S.AMDT.4114 to S.2663
To require the Comptroller General of the United States conduct a study and report on the effectiveness of authorities relating to the safety of imported consumer products .
S.AMDT.4330 to S.CON.RES.70
To provide an additional $ 5 million to the military departments ’ respective Boards for Correction of Military Records to expedite review of cases in which service members with combat - related psychological injuries ( such as PTSD ) or closed head injuries ( such as TBIs ) were administered discharges for personality disorders or other discharges resulting in a loss of benefits or care and seek a correction of records or upgraded discharge .
( Should have excluded this ; it ’s below $ 40 million . )
McCain ( 7 amendments ) :
S.AMDT.19 to S.1
To include a reporting requirement .
( Requires reporting for travel on private planes . )
S.AMDT.1190 to S.1348
To require undocumented immigrants receiving legal status to pay owed back taxes .
( Underlying bill failed . )
S.AMDT.2133 to H.R.1585
To modify the calculation of back pay for persons who were approved for promotion as members of the Navy and Marine Corps while interned as prisoners of war during World War II to take into account changes in the Consumer Price Index .
( Underlying bill vetoed ; I could not find this amendment in the bill that did become law , though since it was the Defense Appropriations bill , I might easily have missed it . )
S.AMDT.2190 to H.R.1585
To designate the positions of Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretaries of the military departments for acquisition matters as critical acquisition positions .
( Underlying bill vetoed ; I did n’t check to see whether it made it into the final appropriations bill , since it ’s a tiny little amendment , it would have taken forever , and it did n’t seem wildly important . )
S.AMDT.3089 to H.R.1585
To provide for a continuation of transitional health benefits for members of the Armed Forces pending a resolution of their service - related medical conditions .
( Underlying bill vetoed ; I cannot find this amendment in the bill that did become law . )
S.AMDT.3090 to H.R.1585
To enhance the computation of years of service for purposes of retired pay for non-regular service .
( Underlying bill vetoed ; amendment incorporated in the bill that did become law . )
S.AMDT.3103 to H.R.1585
To require a pilot program on commercial fee - for - service air refueling support for the Air Force .
( Underlying bill vetoed ; amendment incorporated in the bill that did become law . )
Amendments Passed , 109th Congress : ( note : unless I indicate otherwise , amendments were part of bills that became law )
Obama ( 15 amendments ) :
S.AMDT.159 to S.CON.RES.18
To prevent and , if necessary , respond to an international outbreak of the avian flu .
S.AMDT.390 to H.R.1268
To provide meal and telephone benefits for members of the Armed Forces who are recuperating from injuries incurred on active duty in Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom .
S.AMDT.670 to H.R.3
To provide for Flexible Fuel Vehicle ( FFV ) refueling capability at new and existing refueling station facilities to promote energy security and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions .
S.AMDT.851 to H.R.6
To require the Secretary to establish a Joint Flexible Fuel / Hybrid Vehicle Commercialization Initiative , and for other purposes .
S.AMDT.1061 to H.R.2361
To provide that none of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of 15 U.S.C. section 2682 ( c ) ( 3 ) or to delay the implementation of that section .
( Note : 15 U.S.C. section 2682 ( c ) ( 3 ) deals with the certification and training of people who do lead paint removal , and requiring that properly trained and certified people do lead paint removal . )
S.AMDT.1453 to S.1042
To ensure the protection of military and civilian personnel in the Department of Defense from an influenza pandemic , including an avian influenza pandemic .
S.AMDT.3144 to S.CON.RES.83
To provide a $ 40 million increase in FY 2007 for the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program and to improve job services for hard - to - place veterans .
S.AMDT.3810 to H.R.4939
To provide that none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for hurricane relief and recovery contracts exceeding $ 500,000 that are awarded using procedures other than competitive procedures .
S.AMDT.3971 to S.2611
To amend the temporary worker program .
( Bill passed Senate , did not become law . )
S.AMDT.4224 to S.2766
To include assessments of Traumatic Brain Injury in the post - deployment health assessments of member of the Armed Forces returning from deployment in support of a contingency operation .
( Underlying bill held at desk ; amendment included in bill that became law . )
S.AMDT.4254 to S.2766
To require the use of competitive procedures for Federal contracts worth over $ 500,000 related to hurricane recovery , subject to existing limited national security , public interest , and other exceptions .
( Underlying bill held at desk ; amendment not included in bill that became law , as far as I can tell . )
S.AMDT.4545 to S.2125
To make certain improvements to the bill .
( Makes modifications to his bill on the Congo . )
S.AMDT.4573 to H.R.5441
To assist individuals displaced by a major disaster in locating family members .
S.AMDT.4624 to H.R.5441
To provide that none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available for expenses in carrying out the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance
Act may be used to enter into noncompetitive contracts based upon the unusual and compelling urgency exception under Federal contracting law unless the contract is limited in time , scope , and value as necessary to respond to the immediate emergency .
S.AMDT.4972 to H.R.4954
To ensure the evacuation of individuals with special needs in times of emergency .
Sponsor : Sen Obama , Barack [ IL ] ( introduced 9/13/2006 ) Cosponsors ( 1 ) Latest Major Action : 9/13/2006
Senate amendment agreed to .
Status : Amendment SA 4972 as modified agreed to in Senate by Voice Vote .
McCain ( 5 12 amendments ) :
S.AMDT.1151 to H.R.2360
To specify how certain vehicles are to be deployed to enhance border security .
( In its entirety : “ On page 61 , line 26 , insert “ which shall be deployed between ports of entry along the southwestern border of the United States , taking into consideration the particular security risks in the area and the need for constant surveillance of such border , ” after “ unmanned aerial vehicles , ” . ” )
S.AMDT.1438 to S.1042
To redesignate the Naval Reserve as the Navy Reserve .
( Underlying bill held at desk ; amendment incorporated in the bill that did become law . )
S.AMDT.1555 to S.1042
To regulate management contracts , require an Analysis of Alternatives for major acquisition of the Department of Defense and impose additional limitations on certain leases and charters .
( Underlying bill held at desk ; amendment included in bill that did become law . )
S.AMDT.1977 to H.R.2863
Relating to persons under the detention , custody , or control of the United States Government .
( Prohibits the use of interrogation techniques not authorized by the Army Field Manual on anyone in the custody of DoD ; prohibits cruel , inhumane , or degrading treatment of anyone in US custody .
S.AMDT.1978 to H.R.2863
To prohibit the use of funds to pay salaries and expenses and other costs associated with reimbursing the Government of Uzbekistan for services rendered to the United States at Karshi - Khanabad airbase in Uzbekistan .
***
UPDATE : I cut this post off while I was entering it , but regrettably before I decided to add the totals .
Here are the seven amendments from the 109th Congress that I cut off .
I regret the error .
S.AMDT.2425 to S.1042
Relating to persons under the detention , custody , or control of the United States Government .
( recaps SA 1977 )
S.AMDT.2458 to S.1042
To enhance various authorities to assist the recruitment efforts of the Armed Forces .
( Authorizes bonuses )
S.AMDT.2687 to S.1312
In the nature of a substitute .
( Concerns communications of tribal employees . )
S.AMDT.4242 to S.2766
To require regular budgeting for ongoing military operations .
S.AMDT.4434 to S.2766
To ensure proper education , training , and supervision of personnel providing special education services for dependents of members of the Armed Forces under extended benefits under TRICARE .
S.AMDT.4880 to S.1899
To make certain revisions to the bill .
S.AMDT.4922 to H.R.4954
To provide increased rail transportation security .
It also said in its statement that last month it had “ sought the inspector generals from both the U.S. Railroad Retirement Board and from the M.T.A. to review this matter . ”
On Sunday night , the railroad released another statement , saying that it would cooperate fully with any investigation by Mr. Cuomo .
“ We will provide any information requested , ” the statement said .
The L.I.R.R. ’s disability rate has been three to four times that of the average railroad in recent years , and far outstrips Metro - North , which serves commuters north of New York City and has a work force of about the same size .
For example , from 2001 through 2007 , Metro - North had 32 cases of disabilities resulting from arthritis and rheumatism , compared with 753 at the L.I.R.R .
The disability problem has been compounded by labor contracts that allow longtime workers to retire with a pension as early as age 50 and by a tangle of negotiated rules that allow workers to reap four days of pay for a single day ’s work .
Such rules allowed eight senior train engineers to earn from $ 215,000 to $ 277,000 in 2006 .
While the federal government pays disability claims , a significant burden falls to taxpayers .
Passengers could face another fare increase , and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority is seeking half a billion dollars a year from taxpayers to close a huge budget gap , as the railroad grapples with the cost of overtime , training replacements and early pension payments .
Mr. Paterson ’s quick action comes as the state faces a $ 26 billion deficit over the next three years and expects a calamitous decline in tax revenue because of the financial woes that have buffeted the financial industry .
The governor has made fiscal discipline the centerpiece of his six - month - old administration .
He will ask the inspector general of the transportation authority to specifically examine whether supervisors and soon - to - be- retiring staff members at the Long Island Rail Road are conspiring to inflate paychecks in retirement .
Disability and pension payments are determined partly by what an employee earns in the five years before retirement .
One soldiers field of Paradise in afghanistan .
Travis Barker and DJ AM were passengers on the plane that crashed , critically injuring them and killing four others .
The jet was departing from a South Carolina airport .
Travis was taken by ambulance to the Joseph M. Still Burn Center in Augusta , GA and is in critical but stable condition .
DJ AM , real name Adam Michael Goldstein , was airlifted to the burn center and is also in critical but stable condition .
Barker had performed Friday night with Perry Farrell , Gavin DeGraw and DJ AM .
It has not been confirmed if Farrell and DeGraw were also traveling on the same jet .
A FAA spokesperson said the plane carrying six people attempted to take off shortly before midnight Friday from Columbia , South Carolina when people in the tower report seeing sparks .
They said the plane went off the runway and crashed on a highway embankment , catching fire .
August 8 , 2008
Contact : Paul Henderson , 435-719-2140
Wall Arch , located along the popular Devils Garden Trail at Arches National Park collapsed sometime during the night of August 4 , 2008 .
Rock has continued to fall from the arms of the remaining portion of the arch necessitating the closure of the Devils Garden Trail just beyond Landscape Arch .
On August 7 , 2008 , representatives from both the National Park Service Geologic Resources Division and the Utah Geological Survey visited the site and noted obvious stress fractures in the remaining formation .
Rock debris has completely blocked this section of the trail .
The closure will remain in effect until visitor safety issues can be resolved .
First reported and named by Lewis T. McKinney in 1948 , Wall Arch was a free standing arch in the Slickrock member of the Entrada sandstone .
The opening beneath the span was 71 feet wide and 33 ½ feet high .
It ranked 12th in size among the over 2,000 known arches in the park .
All arches are but temporary features and all will eventually succumb to the forces of gravity and erosion .
While the geologic forces that created the arches are still very much underway , in human terms it ’s rare to observe such dramatic changes .
No one has reported observing the arch collapse and there were no visitor injuries .
Anchors ^
Start of string , or start of line in multi-line pattern \ A Start of string $ End of string , or end of line in multi- line pattern \Z End of string \b Word boundary \B
Not word boundary \< Start of word \>
End of word Character Classes \c Control character \s White space \S Not white space \d Digit \D Not digit \w Word \W Not word \x Hexade­cimal digit \ O Octal digit POSIX [ : upper : ]
Upper case letters [ : lower : ]
Lower case letters [ : alpha : ]
All letters [ : alnum : ]
Digits and letters [ : digit : ]
Digits [ : xdigit : ]
Hexade­cimal digits [ : punct : ]
Punctu­ation [ : blank : ]
Space and tab [ : space : ]
Blank characters [ : cntrl : ]
Control characters [ : graph : ]
Printed characters [ : print : ]
Printed characters and spaces [ : word : ]
Digits , letters and underscore Assertions ?=
Lookahead assertion ?!
Negative lookahead ?<=
Lookbehind assertion ?!= or ?<!
Negative lookbehind ?>
Once-only Subexp­ression ?()
Condition [ if then ] ? ( ) |
Condition [ if then else ] ?#
Comment
Quanti­fiers * 0 or more { 3 } Exactly 3 + 1 or more { 3 , } 3 or more ?
0 or 1 { 3,5} 3 , 4 or 5 Add a ? to a quantifier to make it ungreedy .
Escape Sequences \ Escape following character \Q Begin literal sequence \E End literal sequence " ­Esc­api­ng " is a way of treating characters which have a special meaning in regular expres­sions literally , rather than as special charac­ters .
Common Metach­ara­cters ^ [ . $ { * ( \ + ) | ? < >
The escape character is usually \ Special Characters
New line \r Carriage return \t Tab \v Vertical tab \f Form feed \xxx Octal character xxx \xhh Hex character hh
Reuters
John Paulson , power personified
WHO rules the world ?
The most familiar answers to this question are so poisoned by paranoia that it is tempting to dismiss the question itself .
If the Jews are so powerful , then why have they had such a dreadful time of things ?
If the men and women of Davos are so mighty , then why do they keep messing everything up ?
Yet the fact that so many people give foolish answers to a question does not discredit the question .
The rise of nation states produced national ruling classes .
It would be odd if the current integration of the world economy did not produce new global elites — business people and financiers who run global companies and global politicians who steer supra-national organisations such as the European Union ( EU ) and the International Monetary Fund .
David Rothkopf , a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , argues that these elites constitute nothing less than a new global “ superclass ” .
They have all the clubby characteristics of the old national ruling classes , but with the vital difference that they operate on the global stage , far from mere national electorates .
They attend the same universities ( Mr Rothkopf calculates that Harvard , Stanford and the University of Chicago are now the world 's top three superclass producers ) .
They are groomed in a handful of world - spanning institutions such as Goldman Sachs .
They belong to the same clubs — the Council on Foreign Relations in New York is a particular favourite — and sit on each other 's boards of directors .
Many of them shuttle between the public and private sectors .
They meet at global events such as the World Economic Forum at Davos and the Trilateral Commission or — for the crème de la crème — the Bilderberg meetings or the Bohemian Grove seminars that take place every July in California .
Mr Rothkopf makes a fascinating tour of the world of the superclass .
He opens the door to the office of the head of Goldman Sachs , Lloyd Blankfein , on the top floor of Goldman 's tower on New York 's Broad Street .
He visits the factory that customises Gulfstream jets ( every year nearly 10 % of Gulfstream 's clients attend Davos ) .
He calls on the Carlyle Group where financiers and former presidents get together to make each other richer .
And he offers a tour of the weird proceedings of the Bohemian Grove meetings , which Richard Nixon described as “ the most faggy goddamned thing you could ever imagine . ”
“ Superclass ” is such a wide - ranging book that it inevitably also raises quibbles .
Mr Rothkopf never quite defines the boundaries of his subject .
Is he talking about the super - rich ?
Or about the super - influential ?
Do the people he talks about really constitute a “ class ” ?
Or are they an agglomeration of competing elites with different agendas ?
Mr Rothkopf adds to the confusion by chasing all manner of hares , including the rise of internet - enabled jihadists .
Mr Rothkopf , whose CV includes a spell working for Kissinger Associates and a period as the deputy under - secretary of commerce for international trade , is much better informed about America than he is about the rest of the world .
He is fascinating on the revolving door between the Pentagon and the arms industry , for example , but he says next to nothing about the rise of the EU , one of the great building blocks of the trans-national world .
His exposition of the wonders of Davos is more breathless than illuminating .
Still , none of this should put off potential readers : “ Superclass ” is a pioneering study of a subject that has often been the preserve of conspiracy theorists .
Mr Rothkopf is anything but a crank , and he is right when he says that , these days , the most influential people around the world are also the most global people .
He is also admirably ambivalent about his subject .
He worries about surging inequality — the richest 1 % of humans own 40 % of the planet 's wealth — and about the rumbling backlash against so much unaccountable power .
But he points out that , in a world where most global institutions are lumbering and antiquated , members of the superclass have repeatedly stepped in to put the global system to rights .
Let us hope that they have not lost their touch .
Science fiction is all about advancing into a shinier future - so why are people always playing such crufty video games in scifi shows and movies ?
In the distant future , will we really be stuck playing bad 8 - bit knockoffs , or trying to get a frisbee into a tentacle mouth over and over ?
Here 's our list of the most embarrassing games people in scifi play .
10 ) Normal Combat from Futurama : The Beast With A Billion Backs .
At least this one is supposed to be lame .
Fry is all heart - broken over his bad polyamory drama , so he goes to an arcade that 's full of shitty future games , including Exlaxian and Coin Vacuum .
But he chooses to play Normal Combat , where the fighting dudes do n't even bother to fight properly : 9 ) First - Person Shooter from X - Files , " First Person Shooter " .
I know , I know , this episode was co-written by William Gibson and directed by Chris Carter .
But come on !
It 's not even clear to me how this virtual reality game works - what happens to your body while you 're inside , exactly ?
- and the virtual " world " is seriously low - rent looking .
Some of the earlier scenes look like a soundstage with dry ice inside .
The game 's " bug , " the killer goddess Maitreya , is the only good thing about it .
Oh , well , there 's also Scully going nuts with a machine gun .
That 's good too .
Not as bad as some of the other games on this list , but still not good .
8 ) Bodysurfing For Algernon from Lawnmower Man .
Actually , I do n't remember if they ever gave this game a name , but I think " Bodysurfing For Algernon " is a good one .
It 's basically a game you play with your pelvis , except not as fun as that sounds .
I 'm guessing navigating the chompy teeth would actually get kind of annoying .
7 ) Whatever the hell game Sheppard is playing in this scene from Stargate Atlantis , " Search And Rescue . "
It must be the least challenging video game in the history of the universe , judging from his expression and the way he wields that stylus .
Wisely , the show never lets us actually witness any gameplay .
6 ) Wizards And Warlocks , from The Greatest American Hero .
It 's kind of confusing - in this episode , a Middle Eastern prince has disappeared and it turns out he 's part of a real - life game of Dungeons & Dragons , using L.A. landmarks as parts of the dungeon .
But meanwhile , Ralph uses his superpowers to play a D&D themed game , whose UI has almost nothing to do with the gameplay .
After I chose it , I read here that the game is actually a mash - up of three existing games : the console art is Tempest , the controls are Scramble , and the screenshots are from the home console game Advanced Dungeons & Dragons .
Okay then .
5 ) The Scooby Game from Scooby Doo And The Cyber Bunch .
Yet another entrant into the heroes - zapped - inside - video - games sweepstakes .
This time , the Scooby gang is fighting a computer virus inside a Scooby - themed video game , and they meet cyber versions of themselves .
It gets points for being meta , by having the final round take place inside a virtual video arcade that attacks our heroes .
But that 's about all it gets points for .
4 ) Sumo Slammers from Ben 10 .
Many , many shows and movies have done the Tron-esque hero - trapped - inside - game thing , but few of them had as cruddy a game as the sumo - wrestler - in - space saga Sumo Slammers .
I guess this is a PC game , because one of the cliffhangers is that grandpa finds a laptop PC running the game ( with the kids inside ) and hits " pause . "
The kids are unable to move , and are left floating in mid " air . "
And then Grandpa almost shuts down the game , which would delete the kids stuck inside .
Haw .
3 ) Global Domination game from Never Say Never Again .
Is this James Bond movie science fiction ?
I 'm not sure .
It does have a threat to destroy the world , plus James Bond 's urine sample turns out to be a form of toxic waste .
In any case , it does include one of the lamest - looking video games I 've ever seen .
What 's up with Spain only being worth $ 9,000 ?
And how exactly does this UI work anyway ?
It 's like a bad version of Atari's Tempest , only with a world map stuck in there nonsensically .
How is this a game of global domination exactly ?
I do like the joysticks that give you a shock , plus the way the villain keeps saying things like , " Oh , did I forget to mention ?
If you do n't press the red button at the right time , spikes come out of your chair .
Ha ha ha ! "
2 ) Bishop Of Battlefrom Nightmares .
" Bishop Of Battle " is one of four short stories featured in the horror anthology movie Nightmares .
Emilio Estevez is J.J. Cooney , video game champion and arcade hustler .
( Seriously , there 's a whole scene where he tricks a gang into thinking he's no good at video games , then takes their money . )
But he has his eye on the one game nobody has ever beaten : " Bishop Of Battle . "
It 's got a super bizarre UI , consisting of the twirly knob from Tempest and a joystick / gun combo that does n't look very useful .
Not to mention the built - in obsolescence .
If you actually get to the mythical " Level 13 , " the game collapses to let the polygons and vector - graphics ships out into the " real world , " where they trash all the other games in the arcade as well .
Plus I can't help but notice that Estevez 's ray beams never actually hit his targets , but they vanish anyway .
1 ) Suckdisk from Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Actually , we do n't remember this game having an actual name on the show , but " suckdisk " feels like a good name for it .
The object of the game is to suck a disk into a tentacle with a mouth .
That 's it .
And it 's not even a game of skill - you win by " letting it happen . "
D00d .
At least the UI is simple , but basically this episode is a cautionary tale about improved technology - once we have the ability to stimulate the pleasure centers of your brain , you may be ridiculously satisfied with some pretty lame gameplay .
Actually , I like this episode , despite the game looking seriously ridiculous .
Runners up : Batman and Robin faced a deadly video game in the storyline " Mind Control " ( in Detective Comics # 635-636 , written by Louise Simonson . )
It was basically a crappy Dungeons & Dragons type game , but it came to life and started killing people .
Meh .
The unmade Doctor Who story " The Nightmare Fair " would have ended with the Doctor having to play a crappy arcade game against the Celestial Toymaker , who plans to distribute the deadly game all over the world .
Jimmy Olsen gets sucked into a horrendous game in Adventures Of Superman # 592 .
Spider - Man plays a weak - looking Incredible Hulk video game in a Spider - Man And His Amazing Friends comic .
Lois is playing some kind of alien - shooting game in the Smallville episode " Exposed , " but for some reason the only thing anybody remembers about that episode is the fact that Lois becomes a stripper .
Funny , that .
Advertisement
Luz ( the music visualization studio ) is written in Ruby and uses YAML as its project save format .
This made implementation a snap : literally just a few lines of code got us both project save and load .
( I ♥ Ruby . )
The problem was that saving was slooow , taking over 3 seconds to save a small project !
So , back at the first Luz Code Sprint , Markus Roberts and Jesse Hallett began investigating the problem , and eventually decided to re-implement it , using a different algorithm .
The resulting code , currently called ZAML , already works well enough to save Luz projects , and beats the pants off YAML speed - wise :
YAML : =================
ZAML : =
Wow !
Nice graph !
Saving now takes around 0.1 seconds .
Faaast .
Code is available here : http://github.com/hallettj/zaml/tree/master
IMPORTANT : ZAML does not yet implement every feature of YAML , triggers or some such .
Honestly I do n’t even know what ’s missing because , as I said above , I ’ve only written a few lines of YAML - using code .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Buried under a giant stand of bamboo in northern New South Wales , two Australian soil scientists have made a discovery they believe will help save the planet .
Leigh Sullivan , from Southern Cross University , explains the significance of the find .
" This is a really old growth of bamboo here , it 's been here at least 50 years according to the aerial photographs , " he told The 7.30 Report .
" So it 's been here a long time shedding leaves onto the ground and when you actually look at the accumulation of the organic matter what we can see is a really thick spongy layer .
" It is full of organic matter in various states of decay .
Now when you dig into the soil layer , you can see we 've got fresh leaves on top that are being decomposed into this thick mulch material beneath it . "
Amongst the decay are thousands of tiny capsules of carbon known as plant stones , invisible to the naked eye and virtually indestructible .
" Plant stone is just like a glass jar that has the carbon inside it and that gets deposited into the soil when the plant dies and , basically , it 's very stable , it 's there for thousands of years , " said Jeffrey Parr , also of Southern Cross University .
" The carbon is actually enclosed by a silica coating .
The silica coating protects it from being decomposed in soils . "
He says the phytoliths from sugar cane are even plumper , and hold even more carbon .
Some plants make more plant stones than others and with the warming world now desperate to capture and store carbon , these scientists believe they 've hit on something big .
" What we 've found is that all this organic matter is accumulated within seven years , which means that the organic carbon 's been accumulating at a gold medal rate - one tonne , per hectare , per year , " Dr Parr said .
Dr Parr was measuring the plant stones to carbon date some ancient soil when he suddenly realised the significance for global warming .
" I got a little bit sidetracked as some crazy scientists do , and I started to ask the question , well , if these things have got carbon in them and they 're being deposited in the soil , what contribution are they making to the soil carbon ?
How much ?
And , ah , not only that , but what plants are contributing to that carbon fraction ? " he said .
In the Tweed River Valley , Robert Quirk wants farmers to be part of the solution to global warming .
" I 'm one of those who believe this is all happening .
We 've got to do what we can as soon as we can , " he said .
Mr Quirk grows sugar cane .
While not as fast as bamboo , it 's still locking carbon into plant substance at a rapid rate .
" With sugar , for every tonne of carbon we put into the atmosphere , we take 2.6 out , " he said .
Professor Sullivan is the key is choosing the right type of sugar cane .
" One of the cultivars he 's growing is actually securely sequestrating in the soil half a tonne more carbon dioxide per year than another cultivar of the sugar cane , so what that means is if that that farmer went and grew all of that cultivar , that high carbon sequestrating cultivar , that he would be - for every hectare he 's got , he'd be putting another half a tonne into the ground for the next 5,000 years , " he said .
Australia 's emissions trading scheme , to start in two years , wo n't initially include agriculture .
That 's because its emissions from things like cattle burping and its carbon capture from things like forests breathing in carbon are both too hard to measure .
But it 's a gap the Government 's adviser Professor Ross Garnaut thinks needs urgent attention .
" This is tremendously important for Australia , firstly because there 's a lot of opportunity for sequestering carbon in reforestation and different agricultural practices in Australia , " he said .
" Secondly , Australia lives in a region in which these possibilities are very important .
" Our neighbours , Indonesia , Papua New Guinea , Solomon Islands , New Zealand , for all of these forestry and agriculture are right at the centre of the emissions problem .
" So , if we can solve these problems for ourselves , we help them solve their problems and that 's a very big contribution to the global problem . "
Until now , forests have grabbed the most attention as carbon capturers , but hardly any tree types make plant stones and they give off carbon when they 're cut down .
By contrast , plant stones made by crops and grasses are secured for thousands of years , and if the crop 's harvested and regrown , more new plant stones are created , and they 're easy to measure .
Professor Sullivan says you can grow a forest pretty quickly and lock up large amounts of carbon .
" The problem is that that carbon is quite volatile , " he said .
" If you have a fire , a disease , or you want to change the forest back to a paddock , you lose the stored carbon .
" With plant stone carbon we can actually get the carbon in the crop and estimate it quite easily before it hits the soil . "
Dr Parr says it does n't matter what crop you have , as long as you choose the variety of that crop that works best in terms of plant stones .
Already , China 's showing great interest in the bamboo plant stones and if the technique is applied globally say the scientists , it could make a major difference .
" This is a bit of a stretch , but if all the arable land on the globe was growing vegetation that had the same plant stone carbon sequestration rates as our best sugar cane , that would actually sequester nearly three billion tonnes of CO2 annually in the globe , which is about 20 per cent of our current rate of atmospheric CO2 increase , " Professor Sullivan said .
For farmers like Robert Quirk , there 's no time to waste .
" I think a lot of us can make a real benefit and I do n't think we need to sit on our hands for another six or eight years before we start to trade carbon , " he said .
Based on a story by Matt Peacock for The 7.30 Report
Welcome back Schleppers !
We did it in 2008 and we are doing it again in 2012 .
Check out Schlep Labs ( where we are crowd - sourcing the first phase of Schlep 2012 ) and standby for what we are dropping on you all later this summer ....
In an unlikely development , a year - and - a - half - old lecture on digital culture delivered by the world ’s best - known academic on cyber- rights has morphed into a mini-scandal in the Republican media echo - chamber .
The flap looks like a small rhetorical trial balloon for how the Republicans might try to frame Obama ’s image for voters should he win the Democratic presidential nomination .
The flap involves radio host Rush Limbaugh , Stanford Law Professor Larry Lessig and the leading conservative weblog Redstate .
Whether it gains further traction or not could turn out to be a test of whether voters really want a new kind of non-partisan politics Obama talks about , or whether they will bite and stick to the extreme partisan politics - as - usual formula practiced by media outlets like Redstate and Limbaugh .
On Tuesday , Rush Limbaugh ’s popular radio show picked up an item from Redstate that bashed Lessig for showing a video that depicts Jesus singing Gloria Gaynor ’s " I Will Survive , " and then getting hit by a bus .
Lessig had delivered a talk at Google ’s New York City offices last October about remix culture , and had used the mash - up to illustrate a point during the talk .
( The Redstate post was made on the eve of a senate hearing on net neutrality and urged its readers to call the senate commerce committee to complain about Google and Lessig . )
The clip of Limbaugh mentioning RedState ’s post was blogged by Redstate blogger Caleb Howe on Tuesday .
During the clip , Limbaugh tries to portray Lessig as a close Obama advisor , and an extremist who is out of touch with mainstream American culture :
" Erick Erickson , a friend of mine who runs Redstate.com , points out an anti-Christian video recently introduced with great frivolity by internet philosopher Larry Lessig .
Now this is just another Obama adviser , just another guy close to Obama .
But we ’re not supposed to make anything of that .
This guy ’s video is , is , is … well it ’s a video of a gay , singing Jesus who gets hit by a bus .
This is Obama ’s technical adviser , who also has ties to Google .
As Warner Todd Huston of Newsbusters points out , the worst thing about this is that this is also another scandal involving a Barack Obama campaign associate showing his disdain for the American mainstream , this time a disdain to
Christianity .
It turns out that this Lessig guy , this Larry Lessig is a somewhat secretive Obama campaign adviser , serving to assist the campaign on internet and technology policies and Erick Erickson points out , Lessig hosts Obama ’s tech policy on his own lessig.org web site and Obama ’s campaign has regularly cited this guy as a key supporter on technology issues and made sure that Lessig was quoted when listing Obama ’s technology endorsers .
So once again it ’s another illustration of a close Obama associate , radical and out of the mainstream totally .
‘ Well I did n’t know he was doing those things , ’ Obama will probably say , if anybody dares to bring it up … "
Lessig says in an interview that he chose the video as part of a series of several different kinds of examples of controversial mash - ups that he shows during his talks about remix culture .
For example , he showed another controversial video during the 2004 election about then
Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry .
He also distanced himself from the Obama campaign .
Much of his activity has been limited to providing occasional advice on technology policy issues , and to participating in events organized by volunteers , he says .
" They have this picture in their mind that it ’s me and my best buddy Barack , " he says , but " the contact that I ’ve had is just as someone giving advice on tech policy — I ’m not on the campaign . "
He adds : " I ’m not being secretive — I ’ve been totally open about my relationship with the Obama campaign — in fact
I ’m trying not to overstate my relationship to it . "
Limbaugh ’s commentary echoes that of other Republicans on Obama in the past few days .
Arizona senator and presumptive Republican nominee John McCain on a
Sunday morning political television show blasted Obama for his relationship with Willam Ayers , a former member of the Weather
Underground .
And several Republicans in locations around the country have sought to portray votes for Democratic candidates as votes for
Obama , who is variously portrayed as an elitist , extremist or out of touch .
The line of attack taps an undercurrent of worry over Obama ’s fundamental identity , his religious beliefs , and his allegiance to the United States .
So far during the campaign , much of that narrative has unfolded online through an underground e-mail campaign and commentary on obscure right - wing blogs .
Limbaugh ’s attack on Obama by cherry - picking for discussion a sensational video instead of looking at the more substantive and nuanced issue of network neutrality — the backdrop subject of
Erickson ’s post — echoes the attacks of Fox News ’ Bill O’Reilly ’s on the DailyKos last summer , when he attacked the site and its founder for comments made by readers .
The video at issue is below :
Jesus Christ : The Musical
Photo : Associated Press / Gary He
See Also :
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) --
Chinese regulators have asked domestic banks to stop lending to U.S. financial institutions in the interbank money markets to prevent possible losses during the financial crisis , the South China Morning Post reported Thursday .
The China Banking Regulatory Commission 's ban on interbank lending of all currencies applied to U.S. banks , but not to lenders from other countries , the report added , citing a source .
Palin's Jerusalem promise
Governor Sarah Palin told the Israel lobby AIPAC that she backs moving the Israeli capital U.S. Embassy to Israel to Jerusalem , a move the group is pushing for , and which would solidify Jerusalem 's status as Israel 's capital , a source familiar with her meeting with the group this week said .
McCain has the same positiion , while Obama has said he supports the move in theory , but wo n't commit to doing it instantly .
One of his aides recently said McCain had " lied " in suggesting an immediate move , saying that George W. Bush had suggested a similar pledge on the campaign trail , and not carried it out .
Gen . Wesley Clark says that McCain ’s military record ( which he praised ) does not automatically make McCain the best candidate for president .
The media , led by Fox News and the McCain campaign , goes wingnut claiming that Clark attacked McCain ’s military service ( even though he did not ) .
The McCain campaign tries to blame Obama and attack his lack of patriotism , even though Clark was not speaking on behalf of Obama , and even though Obama publicly rejected what Clark had said .
Obama , who frequently calls McCain a “ genuine American hero ” , is forced to defend his own patriotism .
Fox News says ( repeatedly ) that if Obama is patriotic , then why did he not vote to condemn Moveon.org when they ran their “ General Betray - us ” ad against General David Petraeus .
Watch them do it in this video :
The only problem is , Obama did vote to condemn the Moveon.org “ General Betray - us ” ad .
But as you can see in the video , this does n’t stop Fox News from repeating this false accusation .
Lesson :
Fox does n’t actually need a valid reason to attack Obama .
The Boy Who Played with Matches .
ONCE THERE WAS a little Burmese boy who went into his bedroom , locked his door , and played with matches .
It did n’t take long before he set the curtains on fire .
When his parents smelled the smoke , they knocked on his door .
“ Do n’t come in , ” said the little boy .
“ I ’m not doing anything , and I ’ll clean it up myself . ”
“ But we smell smoke , ” his father said .
“ Not a whole lot , ” the little boy replied .
“ So you mean there is smoke in there ? ” his mother demanded .
“ Only a little bit .
I can take care of it . ”
This admission worried his parents .
“ Let us in , ” the boy ’s mother demanded .
“ I ’d rather not , ” the boy replied , because he did n’t want his parents to know he ’d been playing with matches .
“ Is something on fire ? ” the boy ’s father asked .
“ I would n’t say ‘ fire . ’
It ’s a little smoky , that ’s all . ”
“ But where there ’s smoke , there ’s fire , ” his mother objected .
“ It may technically be a ‘ fire , ’ but it ’s nothing I ca n’t take care of . ”
He still did n’t want anyone to know what he ’d been doing in his room .
“ I ’m getting the fire extinguisher , ” his father said , and he dashed off to find the fire extinguisher in the kitchen .
“ There ’s no need for that , ” the boy called out .
“ It ’s spreading a little , but I can take care of it . ”
“ Open the door this instant , ” his mother said in her sternest voice .
“ I do n’t need to , ” the boy answered .
“ It ’s hardly out of control at all . ”
“ Your bedroom is on fire , ” his mother nearly screeched .
“ I want that door open right now ! ”
“ I ’d rather not open the door , although I do appreciate your concern . ”
At this moment , the father came back with the fire extinguisher .
“ Open the door , ” he demanded .
“ I have the fire extinguisher . ”
“ I do n’t think I need the fire extinguisher , ” the boy replied , still dreading the consequences of letting his parents know what he ’d been doing .
“ As far as I can see , I have everything I need in this room . ”
“ Let me in now ! ” his father shouted .
“ You need a fire extinguisher ! ”
“ I ’ll tell you what , ” the boy said .
“ I ’ll open the door a little bit , and you can slip the fire extinguisher through to me . ”
“ Let me in now ! ” his father repeated .
“ I know how to use a fire extinguisher .
You can just hand it to me , and I ’ll do the rest .
Thanks very much for bringing it , by the way . ”
“ Dear , your father needs to get in now , ” his mother said as gently as she could , hoping that would help .
“ I do n’t think so , ” the boy replied , thinking of the lecture he ’d got a few days before when he kicked the dog .
“ I ’m not going to open this door until Dad promises that he wo n’t come in . ”
“ That ’s ridiculous , ” his father replied .
“ That ’s my deal , ” the boy said firmly .
“ Take it or leave it . ”
“ But your room is on fire ! ” his mother pointed out one more time .
“ I would n’t say the whole room was on fire , ” the boy said .
“ There are definitely a few spots that still are n’t on fire yet . ”
And he refused to open the door .
So the little boy burned up in his bedroom , and his parents told each other that it served him right , and they hoped it taught him a good lesson .
Claim : John McCain does not qualify as a natural - born citizen of the U.S. because he was born in Panama .
Status : Undetermined .
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , July 2008 ]
I am hearing talk that Senator John McCain is not eligible to be President of the United States because he is not a natural - born citizen .
Origins : Among the few qualifications specified in Article II , Section I of the U.S. Constitution regarding eligibility for the office of President of the United States is that the office - holder must be a “ natural born citizen of the United States . ”
This qualification has not previously been an issue in U.S. politics since no one so far elected to the office of president ( or who otherwise served as president ) was born outside of the United States .
But it has been a ( minor ) issue so far in 2008 , as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , Senator John McCain of Arizona , was born not in the U.S. proper but in the Panama Canal Zone .
( McCain ’s parents were themselves U.S. citizens , and at the time of his birth they lived on a military installation in the Panama Canal Zone , where his father was stationed as a U.S. Navy
officer . )
If Senator McCain were deemed not to be a natural - born citizen of the United States , his name could be kept off of ballots in the 2008 presidential election , and he could be ineligible to serve as president even if won the election .
As much we ’d like to dismiss this one as just another frivolous election season rumor , it ’s impossible to make any definitive statement about Senator McCain ’s presidential eligibility because the issue is a matter of law rather than a matter of fact , and the law is ambiguous .
There is no disputing that , under the U.S. statutes and laws applicable to the offspring of Americans living abroad and to the Canal Zone , John McCain is a citizen of the United States .
However , the difference between “ citizen ” and “ natural - born citizen ” is an important one in this case , and some of the legal distinctions between the two are still murky .
( The particular sticking points in Senator McCain ’s case are whether the Panama Canal Zone was covered by existing citizenship laws at the time of his birth , and whether someone who was born outside the U.S. and holds U.S. citizenship status by virtue of a law passed after his birth and applied retroactively qualifies as a natural - born citizen . )
The framers of the Constitution did n’t elaborate on the term “ natural born citizen , ” there has never been a court case defining exactly what a “ natural - born citizen ” is , and neither Congress nor the Supreme Court has definitively resolved the issue .
It is therefore not completely inconceivable that someone could mount a legal challenge to Senator McCain ’s presidential eligibility , and that the issue would have to be decided in court :
“ There are powerful arguments that Senator McCain or anyone else in this position is constitutionally qualified , but there is certainly no precedent , ” said Sarah H. Duggin , an associate professor of law at Catholic University who has studied the issue extensively .
“ It is not a slam - dunk situation . ”
“ There are powerful arguments that Senator McCain or anyone else in this position is constitutionally qualified , but there is certainly no precedent , ” saidDuggin , an associate professor of law at Catholic University who has studied the issue extensively .
“ It is not a slam - dunk situation . ”
In a paper written 20 years ago for the Yale Law Journal on the natural - born enigma , Jill Pryor , now a lawyer in Atlanta , said that any legal challenge to a presidential candidate born outside national boundaries would be “ unpredictable and unsatisfactory … it is certainly not a frivolous issue . ”
The issue is even more complicated because the process of challenging a presidential candidate ’s eligibility is itself a murky issue , as the New York Times noted :
Lawyers who have examined the topic say there is not just confusion about the provision [ regarding natural - born citizenship status ] itself , but uncertainty about who would have the legal standing to challenge a candidate on such grounds , what form a challenge could take and whether it would have to wait until after the election or could be made at any time .
A lawsuit challenging Senator McCain ’s eligibility is pending in Federal District Court in Concord , New Hampshire , but whether that lawsuit will be allowed to proceed is questionable :
In the motion to dismiss the New Hampshire suit , Mr. McCain ’s lawyers said an individual citizen like the plaintiff , a Nashua man named Fred Hollander , lacks proof of direct injury and cannot sue .
In the motion to dismiss the New Hampshire suit , lawyers said an individual citizen like the plaintiff , a Nashua man named Fred Hollander , lacks proof of direct injury and cannot sue .
Daniel P. Tokaji , an election law expert at Ohio State University , agreed .
“ It is awfully unlikely that a federal court would say that an individual voter has standing , ” he said .
“ It is questionable whether anyone would have standing to raise that claim . ”
In April 2008 the Senate approved a non-binding resolution declaring John McCain eligible to be president , one which stated that “ There is no evidence of the intention of the framers or any Congress to limit the constitutional rights of children born to Americans serving in the military nor to prevent those children from serving as their country ’s president . ”
However , that resolution has no legal effect .
Two constitutional lawyers ( Laurence Tribe and Theodore Olson ) who have studied the issue at the request of Senator McCain found in his favor , but another law scholar recently declared he had determined just the opposite :
In the most detailed examination yet of Senator John McCain ’s eligibility to be president , a law professor at the University of Arizona has concluded that neither Mr. McCain ’s birth in 1936 in the Panama Canal Zone nor the fact that his parents were American citizens is enough to satisfy the constitutional requirement that the president must be a “ natural - born citizen . ”
In the most detailed examination yet of Senator John McCain ’s eligibility to be president , a law professor at the University of Arizona has concluded that neither Mr. McCain ’s birth in 1936 in the Panama Canal Zone nor the fact that his parents were American citizens is enough to satisfy the constitutional requirement that the president must be a “ natural - born citizen . ”
The analysis , by Prof. Gabriel J. Chin , focused on a 1937 law that has been largely overlooked in the debate over Mr. McCain ’s eligibility to be president .
The law conferred citizenship on children of American parents born in the Canal Zone after 1904 , and it made John McCain a citizen just before his first birthday .
But the law came too late , Professor Chin argued , to make Mr. McCain a natural - born citizen .
“ It ’s preposterous that a technicality like this can make a difference in an advanced democracy , ” Professor Chin said .
“ But this is the constitutional text that we have . ”
If a consensus on the matter can be said to exist , it is that if John McCain is not a natural - born citizen under the law , it ’s only because of an exceptional and narrow gap in the law that was subsequently corrected and was never intended to exclude someone in his circumstances from natural - born citizenship status , so it would be unfair to declare him ineligible for the presidency on that basis :
“ No court will get close to it , and everyone else is on board , so there ’s a constitutional consensus , the merits of arguments such as [ Professor Chin ’s ] aside , ” said Peter J. Spiro , an authority on the law of citizenship at Temple University .
“ No court will get close to it , and everyone else is on board , so there ’s a constitutional consensus , the merits of arguments such as [ Professor Chin ’s ] aside , ” saidSpiro , an authority on the law of citizenship at Temple University .
“ You ’d have to think a federal court would look for every possible way to avoid deciding the issue , ” [ said election law expert Daniel P. Tokaji ] .
Senator Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina and one of Mr. McCain ’s closest allies , said it would be incomprehensible to him if the son of a military member born in a military station could not run for president .
“ He was posted there on orders from the United States government , ” Mr. Graham said of Mr. McCain ’s father .
“ If that becomes a problem , we need to tell every military family that your kid ca n’t be president if they take an overseas assignment . ”
Last updated : 23 July 2008
Sources :
Hulse , Carl .
“ Senate Says McCain Is Qualified . ”
The New York Times .
1 May 2008 .
Hulse , Carl .
“ McCain ’s Canal Zone Birth Prompts Queries About Whether That Rules Him Out . ”
The New York Times .
28 February 2008 .
Liptak , Adam .
“ A Hint of New Life to a McCain Birth Issue . ”
The New York Times .
11 July 2008 .
Associated Press .
“ McCain : My Citizenship Not an Issue . ”
USA Today .
29 February 2008 .
Associated Press .
“ McCain Says Citizenship Issue Settled 44 Years Ago . ”
USA Today .
29 February 2008 ( p. A6 ) .
The Denver Post .
“ McCain Says His Birthplace Is n’t an Issue . ”
Stop paying medical bills .
Bad debt increases for hospitals and insurance companies .
Big health insurance companies fail .
Government steps in , bails them out .
Bam , socialized healthcare .
Repeat as necessary until government simply owns medical industry .
Project Pterosaur Products
The goal of Project Pterosaur is to find living pterosaurs in Africa and return them to the States to be put on display in a Creation Science Museum to testify to the Lord 's Creation .
Project Pterosaur products ...
Solar - powered plane flies for three and a half days
( Nanowerk News ) Zephyr 's reputation as the world 's leading solar powered high - altitude long - endurance ( HALE ) Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ( UAV ) has been reinforced with a world - beating three and a half day flight at the US Army 's Yuma Proving Ground in Arizona .
The solar powered plane flew for 82 hours 37 minutes , exceeding the current official world record for unmanned flight which stands at 30 hours 24 minutes set by Global Hawk in 2001 and Zephyr 's previous longest flight of 54 hours achieved last year .
Zephyr , QinetiQs High - Altitude Long-Endurance ( HALE ) Unmanned Air Vehicle ( UAV ) , is an ultra- lightweight carbon - fibre aircraft weighing around 30kg .
( Image : QinetiQ )
The UK Ministry of Defence has funded the development of Zephyr to date and has partnered with the US Department of Defense ( DoD ) under their Joint Capability Technology Demonstration ( JCTD ) Programme - which is designed to move urgently needed technologies rapidly into the hands of US forces in the field .
The US DoD funded the demonstration flight under the Programme and this was the first time the two governments have participated in a joint demonstration of a HALE UAV .
JCTD projects are specially tailored to meet the needs of US combatant commands .
Zephyr is supported by USCENTCOM , the combatant command with responsibility for Iraq and Afghanistan , along with the Office of Secretary of Defense ( OSD ) for Advanced Systems and Concepts ( AS&C ) and the US Army Space and Missile Defense Command ( SMDC ) .
Launched by hand , Zephyr is an ultra- lightweight carbon - fibre aircraft .
By day it flies on solar power generated by amorphous silicon solar arrays no thicker than sheets of paper that cover the aircraft 's wings .
By night it is powered by rechargeable lithium - sulphur batteries , supplied by SION Power Inc , which are recharged during the day using solar power .
The flight trial at Yuma took place between 28 and 31 July in the harsh conditions of the Sonoran Desert in mid summer with temperatures up to 45 °C ( 113 °F ) .
Zephyr was flown on autopilot and via satellite communications to a maximum altitude of more than 60,000 ft .
The trial included a military utility assessment of a US Government communications payload .
Simon Bennett , Managing Director of QinetiQ's Applied Technologies business said : " The Yuma Proving Ground in Arizona was an appropriate setting for Zephyr 's world beating flight as many landmark aviation developments have taken place there in recent years .
In addition to setting a new unofficial record , the trial is a step towards the delivery of Zephyr 's capability for joint , real - time , battlefield persistent surveillance and communications to forces in the field at the earliest opportunity . "
Andrew Baird , Director Defence Technology and Innovation Centre , UK MoD said : " MOD is very pleased with the success of the recent trial which demonstrated the potential capability of the technologies in Zephyr .
This success has also reinforced the close working relationship between the UK and US on these key technologies . "
Chase 's website and / or mobile terms , privacy and security policies do n't apply to the site or app you 're about to visit .
Please review its terms , privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you .
Chase is n’t responsible for ( and does n't provide ) any products , services or content at this third - party site or app , except for products and services that explicitly carry the Chase name .
Markos writes :
Sullivan links to a reader email that asks :
It also occurs to me that in a way McCain and Rove have actually simply taken over the liberal blogosphere in some way .
They are being played .
Just a few examples — yesterday Obama gave a fantastic interview at the Service Forum .
Did the liberal blogs even cover this ?
No .
He gave a great speech on the trail .
Are his town halls even posted or excerpted ?
No [ … ]
The liberal bloggers have become McCain central .
Let me get this straight — if we all sat around and talked about how great Obama ’s speech was , then things would be much better for him ?
Really ?
People believe this tripe ?
I ’ll give Sullivan a pass .
He was a winger not too long ago , so he has n’t seen , first hand like many of us have , just how effective “ ignoring the other side ” has worked .
Just ask Kerry and the Swift Boat Vets … .
To all the concerned people emailing me about “ being played ” , do n’t waste your time .
I ’m not about to revert to writing puff pieces about Obama thinking that his magic “ new politics ” bullshit will carry us to victory .
He may or may not believe that crap , but I do n’t .
We ’re going to win this thing the way campaigns are won — by playing hardball .
Politics is a blood sport .
Republicans understand this and never flinch from flinging the shit .
We wo n’t win until we learn to fight back in kind .
And I ’m more than happy to get down in the mud with our friends on the Right so Obama does n’t have to .
Recent history vindicates the “ tough and aggressive ” path .
We went toe to toe against Rove and his machine in 2006 , and our math beat his .
I have no doubt we ’re in for a two - peat this year , and it ’ll happen because we wo n’t back off from exposing the GOP for the den of lies and corruption it has become .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the past few days , as the economic crisis has deepened , Senator John McCain has been decrying the excesses of Wall Street .
At a campaign rally in Tampa on Tuesday , he vowed that he and Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , if elected , “ are going to put an end to the reckless conduct , corruption , and unbridled greed that have caused a crisis on Wall Street . ”
He noted that the “ foundation of our economy … has been put at risk by the greed and mismanagement of Wall Street and Washington . ”
He blasted CEOs who “ seem to escape the consequences . ”
He denounced Wall Streeters who “ dreamed up investment schemes that they themselves do n’t even understand ” and who used “ derivatives , credit default swaps , and mortgage - backed securities ” to try “ to make their own rules . ”
He excoriated Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for gaming the system .
And he slammed financial industry lobbyists for misguiding members of Congress .
“ I can promise you the days of dealing and special favors will soon be over in Washington . ”
On Wednesday morning , after the federal government committed $ 85 billion to prevent the collapse of the American International Group ( AIG ) insurance conglomerate , McCain again assailed irresponsible corporate executives .
“ We need to change the way Washington and Wall Street does business , ” he proclaimed .
McCain has been quick with fiery , populist - tinged speeches .
But one thing has been missing : any acknowledgment that McCain ’s own campaign has been loaded with the type of people he ’s been denouncing .
( The McCain campaign did not respond to a request for comment ; we will update the post if they do . )
As Mother Jones previously reported , former Senator Phil Gramm , McCain ’s onetime campaign chairman , used a backroom maneuver in late 2000 to slip into law a bill that kept credit default swaps unregulated .
These financial instruments greased the way to the subprime meltdown that has led to today ’s economic crisis .
Several of McCain ’s most senior campaign aides have lobbied for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
And the Democratic National Committee , using publicly available records , has identified 177 lobbyists working for the McCain campaign as either aides , policy advisers , or fundraisers .
Of those 177 lobbyists , according to a Mother Jones review of Senate and House records , at least 83 have in recent years lobbied for the financial industry McCain now attacks .
These are high - paid influence - peddlers who have been working the corridors of the nation ’s capital to win favors and special treatment for investment banks , securities firms , hedge funds , accounting outfits , and insurance companies .
Their clients have included AIG , the newest symbol of corporate excess ; Lehman Brothers , which filed for bankruptcy on Monday sending the stock market into a tailspin ; Merrill Lynch , which was bought out by Bank of America this week ; and Washington Mutual , the banking giant that could be the next to fall .
Among these 83 lobbyists are McCain ’s chief political adviser , Charlie Black ( JP Morgan , Washington Mutual Bank , Freddie Mac , Mortgage Bankers Association of America ) ; McCain ’s national finance co-chairman , Wayne Berman ( AIG , Blackstone , Credit Suisse , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac ) ; the campaign ’s congressional liaison , John Green ( Carlyle Group , Citigroup , Icahn Associates , Fannie Mae ) ; McCain ’s veep vetter , Arthur Culvahouse ( Fannie Mae ) ; and McCain ’s transition planning chief , William Timmons Sr. ( Citigroup , Freddie Mac , Vanguard Group ) .
When cable news shows air footage of McCain railing against greedy execs and the lobbyists who rig the rules for the benefit of Wall Street dealmakers , there ought to be a crawl beneath him listing these lobbyists .
( Talk about a fair and balanced presentation . )
Short of that , here ’s the list of the McCain aides and bundlers who have worked for the high - finance greed - mongers McCain has pledged to take on .
So far , it seems , none of them have been cast out of the campaign .
If McCain were serious about his outrage , he might throw these money - changers out of his own temple .
Phil Anderson : American Council of Life Insurers , Aetna , AIG , New York Life , MassMutual , VISA
Rebecca Anderson : Aegon , American Council of Life Insurers , Cigna , Barclays , Credit Suisse First Boston , HSBC
Stanton Anderson : The Debt Exchange
David Beightol : Allstate , Amerigroup , Charles Schwab , HSBC
Rhonda Bentz : VISA
Wayne Berman : American Council of Life Insurers , AIG , Americhoice , Shinsei Bank , Blackstone , Carlyle Group , Broidy Capital Management , Credit Suisse Securities , Highstar Capital , VISA , Ameriquest Mortgage , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , Fitch Ratings
Charlie Black : JP Morgan , Washington Mutual Bank , Freddie Mac , Mortgage Bankers Association of America , National Association of Mortgage Brokers
Judy Black : Colorado Credit Union League , Genworth Financial , Bay Harbour Management , Merrill Lynch
Kirk Blalock : Credit Union National Association , Financial Executives International , American Insurance Association , Mutual of Omaha , Zurich Financial Service Group , Fannie Mae , Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco
Carlos Bonilla : Financial Services Roundtable , Freddie Mac
Christine Burgeson : Citigroup
Mark Buse : Freddie Mac , Goldman Sachs , Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
Nicholas Calio : Citigroup , Managed Fund Association , Fannie Mae , Merrill Lynch , The Investment Company Institute , TIAA - CRE , Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association
Ben Nighthorse Campbell : Amscot Financial Corporation , Community Financial Services Association , Fidelity National Financial
Andrew Cantor : American Insurance Association , Merrill Lynch
Alberto Cardenas : Fannie Mae
James Courter : Goldman Sachs , Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette , Investment Company Institute , Merrill Lynch
David Crane : Financial Services Roundtable , PriceWaterhouseCoopers , Deloitte & Touche , KPMG , Ernst & Young , Bank of America , Association of Corporate Credit Unions , Freddie Mac
Dan Crippen : Merrill Lynch , National Multi-Housing Council
Arthur Culvahouse : Fannie Mae
Bryan Cunningham : Arch Capital Group
Alfonse D’Amato : AIG , Freddie Mac
Doug Davenport : Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco , Goldman Sachs , VISA
Ashley Davis : Prudential Financial , American Financial Group , American Premier Underwriters , Great American Insurance Company
Mimi Dawson : MassMutual
Melissa Edwards : Freddie Mac , National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts , Access to Capital Coalition
Chris Fidler : American Bankers Association , Milcom Venture Partners , National Association Real Estate Investment Trusts
Samuel Geduldig : American Bankers Association , American Institute of CPAs , America Gains , Berkshire Hathaway , Consumer Bankers Association , Ernst &
Young , Financial Services Roundtable , Investment Company Institute , PriceWaterhouseCoopers , Prudential Financial , Sovereign Investment Council ,
Fidelity Investments , FMR Corp .
Benjamin Ginsberg : Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance , AIG Technical
Services
David Girard - Dicarlo : American Financial Group , American Premier
Underwriters
Juleanna Glover Weiss : RJI Capital , American Institute of CPAs , BNP Paribas ,
Ernst & Young , PriceWaterhouseCoopers
Slade Gorton : Allstate Insurance , Hannan Armstrong Capital
Phil Gramm : UBS Americas
John Green : Laredo National Bank , Alternative Investment Management Association , AIG , Blackstone Group , Carlyle Group , Citigroup , Credit Suisse Group , Fannie Mae , Icahn Associates , FMR Corp. , AFLAC , VISA
Janet Grissom : American Institute of CPAs , NYSE , Merrill Lynch
Kristen Gullott : San Diego Credit Union
Kent Hance : Stanford Financial Group , Municipal Capital Markets Group , Inc .
Vicki Hart : American Financial Services Association , Citigroup , Investment Company Institute , Lehman Brothers , Merrill Lynch , New York Stock Exchange , VISA , Carlyle Group , Credit Suisse , Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis , Goldman Sachs , Stanford Group , Lloyd ’s of London , National City Corp .
Richard Hohlt : Capmark Financial Group , Fannie Mae , JP Morgan Chase and Co. , Student Loan Marketing Association , Washington Mutual , Guaranty Bank & Trust , Peachtree Settlement Funding , Dime Savings Bank of New York
Gaylord Hughey : Heartland Security Insurance Group
Kate Hull : Credit Union National Association , Fannie Mae , Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco , Zurich Financial Services , American Insurance Association ,
Financial Executives International
James Hyland : American Insurance Association , Seattle Home Loan Bank , Self
Help Credit Union , National Association of Bankruptcy Trustees , Merrill Lynch ,
Mortgage Investors Corp. , Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis , Freddie Mac , New York Stock Exchange , Citigroup , VISA
Aleix Jarvis : Credit Union National Association , Fannie Mae , Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco , Financial Executives International , Mutual of Omaha , American Insurance Association , Zurich Financial Services
Greg Jenner : American Council of Life Insurers , JG Wentworth , UBS , VISA , PriceWaterhouseCoopers
Frank Keating : American Council of Life Insurers
Steven Kuykendall : California Bankers Association
William Lesher : Chicago Mercantile Exchange , Commerce Ventures , Rabobank International
Thomas Loeffler : Citigroup , Fannie Mae , Investment Company Institute , World Savings and Loan Association , United Services Automobile Association ( USAA )
Kelly Lugar : RJI Capital Strategies
Peter Madigan : Arthur Andersen , Bank of New York , Broadridge Securities Processing , Charles Schwab , Deloitte and Touche , Goldman Sachs , International Employee Stock Option Coalition , Mastercard , NYSE , Fannie Mae , Merrill Lynch , PNC Bank
Mary Mann : MassMutual
Paul Martino : Morgan Stanley , Baker Tilly
Jana McKeag : Venture Catalyst
Alison McSlarrow : Fannie Mae , Hartford
Mike Meece : Georgetown Partners
David Metzner : Ernst & Young , Harbinger Capital Investments , Prudential , Public Financial Management , Western Union
Susan Molinari : Freddie Mac , American Land Title Association , Association of Consumer Credit Unions , Beacon Capital Partners , College Loan Corp , Coventry First , E - Trade , Financial Services Roundtable , Rent - A - Center
John Moran : Cerberus Capital Management , American Council of Life Insurers , Accenture
John Napier : Freddie Mac
Susan Nelson : AIG , San Antonio Credit Union
Paul Otellini : Ernst & Young , Financial Services Forum
Steve Perry : Charles Schwab , Hoover Partners , HSBC , National Stock Exchange
Nancy Pfotenhauer : American Land Title Association , Mortgage Bankers Association
Elise Pickering - Finley : Credit Suisse , DE Shaw , Hartford Financial Services , Research In Motion , Retail Industry Lenders Association , URL Mutual
James Pitts : Advanced Association for Life Underwriting , AETNA , American Council of Life Insurers , AIG , Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers , Debt Advisory International , Financial Services Coordinating Council , GE Financial Assurance , Hartford Life , Jefferson Pilot Financial , Kenwood Investments , MassMutual , Mutual of Omaha , New York Life , UNUM Provident , VISA , PMI Group
Tim Powers : AP Capital , Genworth Financial , Retail Industry Lenders Association , E- LOAN , General Electric Mortgage Insurance
Walter Price : Wachovia
Sloan Rappoport : Friedman , Billings , Ramsey Group , Inc. ( FBR ) , Trafelet Delta Funds
Hans Rickhoff : Capital One , Investment Company Institute , United Services Automobile Association ( USAA )
Kathleen Shanahan : New York Stock Exchange
Andrew Shore : Accenture , Retail Industry Lenders Association , Barclays , Bond Market Association , Credit Suisse , TPG Capital
Katie Stahl : Alliance for Investment Transparency , Ares Management , Fairfax Financial Holdings , Uhlmann Financial Group
Milly Stanges : TIAA -CREF
Aquiles Suarez : Fannie Mae
Don Sundquist : Freddie Mac , The Hartford
Peter Terpeluk : JP Morgan Chase , Ernst & Young , Prudential
Fred Thompson : Equitas
Jeri Thompson : American Insurance Association
John Timmons : National Association of Federal Credit Unions
William Timmons Sr. : American Council of Life Insurers , Citigroup , Dun & Bradstreet , Freddie Mac , Vanguard Group
Vin Weber : Agstar Financial Services , AKT Investment Corp. , American Institute of CPAs , Ernst & Young , Freddie Mac , Louis Dreyfus Corp , PriceWaterhouseCoopers
Jeffery Weiss : JP Morgan
Tony Williams : Russell Investment Group , American Life Inc. , Northwestern Mutual
— David Corn , Jonathan Stein , and Nick Baumann
NBA rookies Mario Chalmers and Darrell Arthur were sent home from the NBA 's mandatory rookie transition program Wednesday in Rye Brook , N.Y .
According to a report on ESPN.com , several sources have said that the two former stars with the University of Kansas were caught in their hotel room with marijuana and women .
Visitors are not permitted at the four - day event , which is required of all newcomers entering the league and focuses on issues such as life skills , handling finances , the importance of character and image , the difference between NBA and NCAA game rules , legal matters and dealing with media .
" The players were sent home for violating program rules , " NBA spokesman Tim Frank said .
" They will be appropriately sanctioned and will have to repeat the program next year . "
The Miami Heat , who drafted Chalmers , and agent Sam Goldfeder both confirmed the point guard left the program .
" I'm in the process of investigating what exactly is going on , " Goldfeder said .
The Heat declined to comment but said that they were also investigating the incident .
Chalmers , who forced overtime with a jumper in the Jayhawks ' 75 - 68 win over Memphis in the national championship game on April 7 , was drafted 34th overall by the Minnesota Timberwolves in this year 's NBA Draft .
He was quickly dealt to Miami , where he 's expected to compete for the starting point guard spot .
Arthur , a 6 - foot - 9 forward who was chosen late in the first round by New Orleans , was traded three times on draft night and signed his rookie contract with Memphis in early July .
The Grizzlies acknowledged Arthur " was sent home … for violating program rules " but declined to give details .
" He will be sanctioned at a later date , and he will have to repeat the program next year , " team spokesman Dustin Krugel said .
Jayhawks head coach Bill Self refused to discuss the specifics of the situation , but was quick to praise his former players ..
" We really do n't know all the facts yet , and I certainly would never comment publicly on any personal matter concerning any player I have ever coached , " Self said .
" Beyond that , I can say that both Mario and Darrell were great to coach .
They played a huge role in our success the past few years , in large part due to their unselfishness and the sacrifices they made for our program . "
John McCain is calling for a postponement of the first presidential debate , scheduled for Friday in Mississippi , and is urging Barack Obama to join him in Washington for a high - level meeting of congressional leaders to address the financial crisis .
McCain said in New York today that he is suspending his campaign tomorrow and will return to Washington .
" I am calling on the president to convene a meeting with the leadership from both houses of Congress , including Sen. Obama and myself , " McCain said this afternoon .
" It is time for both parties to come together to solve this problem . "
McCain said his goal was to have a bailout package in place by the start of next week .
" I am confident that before the markets open on Monday we can achieve consensus on legislation that will stabilize our financial markets , protect taxpayers and homeowners , and earn the confidence of the American people , " he predicted .
" All we must do to achieve this is temporarily set politics aside , and I am committed to doing so . "
McCain compared the financial crisis to 9/11 , saying national leaders must work together to find a solution .
" We must show that kind of patriotism now , " McCain said .
It 's an extraordinary move , plainly aimed at appearing presidential and above the partisan fray at a time of great challenge .
But coming a week after McCain struggled to find his footing on the crisis and as national and state polls show him slipping in large part because of voter concerns over the economy , it also amounts to a dare : How can Obama say no ?
Were the Democrat to insist on going forward with the debate and to continue to campaign as usual he'd walk right into McCain 's trap , seeming to place politics above what many are portraying as a dire national crisis and validating the Arizona senator 's slogan that it's he who puts " country first . "
McCain 's move is also designed to recast the financial debate as it relates to the presidential campaign .
Since last week , the Republican and his top aides have sought to broaden the discussion beyond the details of just what went wrong and how to fix the system and make the political question one of who is the better leader in a time of great national challenge .
With a Republican president in the White House presiding over the near - meltdown and voters favoring Obama on the economy , transforming the matter from one about policy to one about character and leadership is imperative .
Recognizing this play for leadership mantle , Obama officials quickly issued a statement noting it was they who first sought to take the politics out of the situation .
" At 8:30 this morning , Sen. Obama called Sen .
McCain to ask him if he would join in issuing a joint statement outlining their shared principles and conditions for the Treasury proposal and urging Congress and the White House to act in a bipartisan manner to pass such a proposal , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said in an e-mail sent just minutes after McCain 's statement .
" At 2:30 this afternoon , Sen. McCain returned Sen .
Obama ’s call and agreed to join him in issuing such a statement .
The two campaigns are currently working together on the details . "
See Also
.
comments closed
permalink
Engineers treat velocity as a non-variable , while in fact it is the most powerful factor to save a really huge amount of energy - with just one stroke , at minimal cost , and without the need for new technology .
Lower speeds combined with more energy efficient engines , better aerodynamics and lighter materials could make fuel savings even larger .
Picture : Mando Maniac
Breaking speed records was an almost daily occurence throughout the 20th century .
Cars , ships , planes and trains became faster and faster , year after year .
Because the power needed to push an object through air increases with the cube of velocity , this race to ever higher speeds raises energy consumption exponentially .
If we cut the average speed of all vehicles by half , fuel consumption would decrease by a whopping 75 percent .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" The fastest car in the world reaches 10 times the speed of a normal vehicle cruising the highway , but it consumes 550 times more fuel "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Air resistance ( drag ) increases with the square of speed , and therefore the power needed to push an object through air increases with the cube of the velocity ( see the formula here ) .
If a car cruising on the highway at 80 km/h requires 30 kilowatts to overcome air drag , that same car will require 240 kilowatts at a speed of 160 km /h .
Thus , a vehicle needs 8 times the engine power to reach twice the speed .
In principle , this means that fuel consumption will increase fourfold ( not eightfold , because the faster vehicle exerts the power only over half the time ) .
Picture : The Brooklands Society Photo Archives
Over a distance of 1,000 kilometres , the slow car would consume 375 kilowatt - hours ( 12.5 hours multiplied by 30 kilowatts ) and the fast car would consume 1,500 kilowatt - hours ( 6.25 hours multiplied by 240 kilowatts ) .
Speed is the key
However , this extra fuel consumption can be diminished or even negated by , most importantly , more fuel efficient engines , lighter vehicles materials and better aerodynamics .
Even though today 's cars are faster than those from decades ago , they consume a similar amount of fuel .
This is the reason why almost everybody is talking about energy efficiency and aerodynamics , and not about speed .
But if you lower the speed , fuel consumption is decreased by the full 75 percent .
More efficient technology can not change that – unless in a positive way .
If you combine a lower speed with more fuel efficient engines and better aerodynamics , fuel savings can become much larger than 75 percent .
Aerodynamics
Drag can be partly offset by better aerodynamics : a boxy car like the Volvo 740 has a drag area ( drag coefficient multiplied by frontal area ) that is almost twice that of the most aerodynamic standard car , the Honda Insight .
The Volvo needs almost two times the engine power of the Honda when driven at 120 km/h .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" A boxy car vehicle at 60 km/h will consume much less fuel than the most aerodynamic vehicle driving at 120 km / h "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Picture : the Stanley - the fastest steamcar ever built .
Yet a Volvo 740 driving at 60 km/h will face less than half the drag and will need 4.6 times less energy power than a Honda Insight driving at 120 km /h .
When compared to velocity , the potential of aerodynamics is limited .
Moreover , very good aerodynamics is incompatible with high speeds .
Formula 1 racing cars have the worst drag coefficients of all vehicles on wheels , because of their large spoilers and very wide tyres .
At higher speeds , it becomes important to minimize lift at the expense of better aerodynamics so that the car is not catapulted into the air .
Low speed trains
The blindness for the importance of speed leads to doubtful conclusions , like the environmentally friendly label of high speed trains .
The French TGV that set the most recent speed record at 575 km/h for wheeled trains in 2007 has an engine output of 19,600 kilowatts .
A contemporary “ slow ” train like the Siemens ES64 with a top speed of 240 km/h has a maximum power output of 6,400 kilowatts .
Travelling 1,000 kilometres , the “ slow ” train will consume 26,240 kilowatt - hours ( over 4.1 hours ) while the fast train will consume 33.320 kilowatt - hours ( over 1.7 hours ) .
A real slow train ( like this one from 1956 with a top speed of 120 km /h ) would consume only 20,000 kilowatt - hours over the same trajectory ( and would do this in 8.3 hours , comparable to the travel time of a car ) .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" Technology can limit the growth of energy consumption , but if we want to lower energy consumption , we have no other choice but to adapt speed "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Picture : The Brooklands Society Photo Archives
The French high speed train is definitely more energy efficient than the Siemens locomotive , and that one is definitely more energy efficient than the 1956 train , because in both cases power consumption did not increase exponentially ( * ) with speed .
But that does not take away the fact that the faster trains consume more energy than the slower trains .
If , on the other hand , we would equip the 1956 train with the energy - efficient technology of today 's high speed train , it would consume much less energy than it did 50 years ago .
Time is money
High speed trains are labelled environmentally friendly because they are not compared to other trains but to planes ( A Boeing 747 would consume around 65,000 kWh over the same distance , over approximately 1 hour ) .
In a way this makes sense , because if a passenger prefers the fast train over the plane , he will consume less energy for a similar trip .
He might not make that choice when the train would be much slower than the plane .
On the other hand , if passengers that normally would take a slow train now prefer a fast train , high speed trains do raise energy consumption .
The problem is that people see a shorter travel time as an advantage , while it has no ecological value whatsoever .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
" Travelling from A to B would require twice as much time .
But global world oil consumption would be halved "
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Picture : Agence Eureka
You could as well argue that airplanes are green because they consume less fuel than rockets .
This sounds ridiculous now , but if rocket planes take off , their inventors will no doubt claim that their toys are environmentally friendly because they go faster than airplanes but consume less than rockets .
Technology alone can limit the growth of energy consumption , but if we want to lower energy consumption , we have no other choice but to adapt speed .
Fixation on technology
A decrease of 75 percent in fuel consumption is not peanuts .
More than 60 percent of world oil production is used for transportation , which means that total oil production would be almost halved ( - 45 % ) .
In combination with more efficient engines , better aerodynamics and lighter materials a 75 percent reduction of oil production is not unrealistic .
Yet , when the International Energy Agency argues that the average car sold in 2030 would need to consume 60 percent less fuel than the average car sold in 2005 , it claims : " With current technologies , only plug - in hybrids are capable of this ” .
This statement is wrong .
We could lower the fuel consumption of cars ( and other vehicles ) by at least 75 percent , we could do it today , and we can do it with present technology .
© Kris De Decker ( edited by Vincent Grosjean )
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Article continues below :
Part 2 : breaking the hull speed and the sound barrier
Part 3 : the fastest " train " does 10,000 km / h
Part 4 : wind and human powered vehicles are setting speed records , too
Picture : The Brooklands Society Photo Archives
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wave drag , sound barrier and hull speed
At extreme high speeds , the link between velocity and power consumption becomes even more defined .
Here , wave drag enters the picture and drag increases more .
This is the reason why commercial airplanes never fly faster than an average speed of about 900 km/h ( except for the retired Concorde ) .
If they would go faster than 1.200 km/h , they would break the sound barrier at the expense of a massive increase in power consumption .
The Thrust SCC ( pictured left ) , the car that holds the land speed record of 1,228 km/h , and thus broke the sound barrier , consumed 5,500 litres of fuel per 100 kilometres .
So even though its speed is only 10 times higher than a normal car driving the highway , the supersonic car consumes around 550 times more fuel .
A picture collection of land speed record vehicles can be found here .
When travelling on water , a similar effect comes into play - albeit at much lower speeds .
Every watercraft contains a speed barrier that is ( mainly ) dependent on the length of the ship and on the shape of its bow .
This barrier ( called the hull speed in layman 's terms ) can be crossed , but only at the expense of another exponential increase in power consumption .
This is why ships are so much slower than other kinds of transport , and why most fast ferries were retired .
The fastest watercraft reached a record speed of 511 km/h - not even half that of the fastest car .
Underwater drag is even worse : the speed record of submarines is only 60 km/h .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Planes on rails : 10,000 km/h
The fastest railed vehicle is not the TGV or the JR - Maglev , but an unmanned rocket sled that achieved a speed of more than 10,000 km /h .
Rocket sleds are platforms on wheels , propelled by rockets and used to test missiles or ( in earlier times ) equipment for military aircraft .
They do not use wheels but sliding pads which prevent the sled from flying from the track .
The fastest manned rocket sled ( pictured above ) reached 1,017 km/h .
Some other remarkable manned rail vehicles were the American Pioneer Zephyr , the German Schienenzeppelin ( which was powered by an airline propeller at the rear and held the speed record of 230 km/h for railed vehicles from 1931 to 1954 ) and the French Aérotrain ( pictured above , source ) , a predecessor of the Japanese Maglev trains .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Human & wind powered speed records
Human and wind powered vehicles are setting new speed records , too .
The fastest human powered watercraft is the Decavitator ( with a record speed of 34.3 km/h ) , while the fastest wind - powered speed record was set earlier this year by windsurfer Antoine Albeau , who reached 90.9 km/h ( see picture above , taken from Masters Of Speed ) .
That 's only 5 times slower than the fastest engine powered watercraft .
A windsurf board has a much higher speed barrier since it has a planing hull ( unfortunately not an option for everyday use , see this video ) .
See also : Sailrockets & kiteboats .
The speed record of a pedalled land vehicle is 86 km/h , that of a pedal powered aircraft 32 km/h , and that of a human powered submarine 15 km/h ( only 4 times slower than the record speed of an engine powered submarine ) .
The speed record for normal bicycles was set at almost 50 km/h ( on average during a 1 hour run ) .
The fastest wind powered car does 188 km/h .
Most of these vehicles are not suited for practical use , but that 's not the point .
They prove that speed kicks are possible without burning many barrels of oil .
More information at the Human Powered Vehicle Association .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Speed records for manned vehicles 1900 - 2008
1900 : water ( 63 km/h ) , land ( 106 km /h ) , wheeled train ( 145 km/h ) , air ( 16 km / h )
1925 : water ( 141 km/h ) , land ( 235 km /h ) , wheeled train ( 210 km/h ) , air ( 448 km / h )
1950 : water ( 258 km/h ) , land ( 634 km /h ) , wheeled train ( 230 km/h ) , air ( 1079 km / h )
1975 : water ( 459 km/h ) , land ( 1015 km/h ) , wheeled train ( 331 km/h ) , air ( 3332 km / h )
2008 : water ( 511 km/h ) , land ( 1224 km/h ) , wheeled train ( 575 km/h ) , air ( 3530 km / h )
Source : Wikipedia
List of vehicle speed records
Picture : a fighter jet breaks the sound barrier
Below : the shrinking world ( info here )
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Related articles :
It ’s one of the great questions of our time : is ‘ The Last Jedi ’ in Star Wars : The Last Jedi singular or plural ?
It turns out , the answer has ( kinda ) just been revealed , thanks to the official Star Wars Twitter accounts from other countries , naturally .
Get your polyglot hats on , because we ’re going digging for Star Wars answers in a whole bunch of languages …
The Spanish Star Wars account seems nice and definitive : it ’s ' Los Ultimos Jedi ' .
For those of you who do n’t know your Sevilles from your siestas , that ’s the plural version of Jedi .
So far , so straightforward .
# StarWars : # LosÚltimosJedi , 15 de Diciembre en cines .
pic.twitter.com/G5AF9yPccgFebruary 17 , 2017
Spain ’s next - door neighbours France are in agreement : ' Les Derniers Jedi ' is , again , plural .
I ’m sensing a theme here …
It ’s specifically masculine plural so , while Rey is still likely to be part of the Jedi , ‘ Les ’ only needs one man in the group to make it masculine .
That ’s probably Luke but , hey , do n’t discount more male ( and female ) Jedi rocking up - or Kylo Ren turning his back on the Dark Side .
# StarWars : # LesDerniersJedi , décembre 2017 au cinéma .
pic.twitter.com/Qzgoy5Aq5eFebruary 17 , 2017
The Italians are on the same page too .
Their logo states ' Gli Ultimi Jedi ' .
That ’s another notch for the plural side .
Gli Ultimi Jedi , dicembre 2017 al cinema .
pic.twitter.com/t0AuvTrmSKFebruary 17 , 2017
We ’ve gone through nearly every high school language class , so what about the Germans ?
Helpfully , they ’ve stuck with plural for The Last Jedi .
# StarWars : # DieLetztenJedi kommt im Dezember 2017 in unsere Kinos .
pic.twitter.com/TEpVphMTVDFebruary 17 , 2017
So the final answer is … plural !
It ’s still up in the air who the Jedi in the title are ( the gendering of foreign languages is n’t much help there ) but at least we know there ’s more than one Jedi out there ...
Have you seen any other foreign clues hinting at anything hidden in Star Wars : The Last Jedi ?
Let us know in the comments !
Directed by Rian Johnson and starring Daisy Ridley , John Boyega , Oscar Isaac , Laura Dern , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , Adam Driver , Gwendoline Christie , and Benicio del Toro , Star Wars : The Last Jedi opens in cinemas on December 15 , 2017 .
Images : Disney / Lucasfilm
An EDF bid for British Energy may have been the favourite means to further the government 's nuclear ambitions but it is not the only option .
Britain generates just under 20 % of its electricity from its existing nuclear power stations but much of that capacity is ageing and will have to be replaced .
The government regards new nuclear plants as clean , secure and affordable and argues that it should have an integral role in its plan to reduce Britain 's dependence on costly - and increasingly imported - fossil fuels and to cut the country 's carbon footprint .
A merger of EDF and British Energy would have brought together two companies with nuclear expertise ; one with the ideal UK sites for new nuclear generation because they are already licensed and connected to the national grid ; the other with the means and experience to build new plants .
The combination was also likely to have drawn in Britain 's Centrica , which is keen to be involved in the nuclear industry and which is thought to have looked at making its own bid for British Energy .
That option was ruled out some months ago but Centrica is said to be keen on taking a minority holding in British Energy , after an EDF acquisition .
The French and British nuclear generators may still get together .
Yesterday EDF 's executives were tied up in the announcement of the company 's first - half profits and are unlikely to refocus on British Energy until next week .
" It will take a few days for the dust to settle , " said a source yesterday .
Both companies have a plan B. Though British Energy is seen as too small to build Britain 's next nuclear generation on its own , it has the alternative of working with other companies on a site - by - site basis .
It is unlikely to be short of offers : a number of companies , including Germany 's RWE , Spain 's Iberdrola and France 's Suez have all looked at a possible bid for British Energy and may be willing to take part on a project - by - project basis .
Many in Europe 's energy industry are keen to see new nuclear plants built in Britain , not least because it would strengthen the case for its continuation or expansion elsewhere .
EDF 's plan B involves building its own portfolio of UK sites .
British Energy is not the only organisation with nuclear assets .
The Nuclear Decommissioning Authority has the responsibility for decommissioning Britain 's Magnox reactors , among other sites , and at least some of these - particularly Wylfa in Anglesey - could be used .
Even if EDF walks away from a bid for British Energy , its negotiations may have set a benchmark against which other energy companies can judge whether to make an offer themselves .
In the meantime , the government is coming under pressure to act directly , rather than maintain its stance as a minority , if powerful , shareholder in British Energy .
The unions in the industry are already pushing for action .
Dougie Rooney , national officer at Unite , said yesterday : " The government must force British Energy to make available their sites in order that international consortiums can build the next generation of [ nuclear ] power stations . "
Paul Noon , general secretary of Prospect union , said the government needed to act quickly to ensure that , if it was not going to build new nuclear plants itself , it provided the right framework for the private sector to invest .
" We do not have the luxury of time .
Failure to act now will result in huge problems over the next 10 years , with the UK reliant on imported gas and oil - a situation that would be an environmental , economic and political disaster . "
There are those who argue that nuclear should not be an option at all and that pressing ahead with new nuclear plants would squeeze out renewable capacity .
Nathan Argent , head of Greenpeace 's nuclear campaign , said : " A push for more nuclear power would scupper the UK renewable energy industry , and , by doing so , cancel out the prospect of creating hundreds of thousands of British green - collar jobs . "
Herbert M. Allison Jr. , who was named chief executive of Fannie Mae on Sunday , brings to the job nearly three decades of experience on Wall Street , as well as deep ties to Washington .
Mr. Allison , 63 , worked for Merrill Lynch for almost 30 years , rising to the positions of president and chief operating officer .
Later , he ran the finance committee for Senator John McCain ’s 2000 presidential campaign and became the chairman and chief executive of TIAA - Cref , the big money management company .
Mr. Allison began his career at Merrill Lynch in 1971 , after graduating with a degree in philosophy from Yale , serving in the Navy and earning a master ’s degree in business administration from Stanford .
Image Herbert M. Allison Jr. has worked at Merrill Lynch and for Senator John McCain .
Credit ... Marilynn K. Yee / The New York Times
While at Merrill Lynch , he lived in London , Paris and Tehran , where he met his wife .
He returned to the United States and a series of senior jobs at the brokerage .
In 1997 , he vied to succeed Daniel P. Tully as the head of the firm , but lost out when David H. Komansky was named chief executive .
NEW YORK -- Replay ball !
Umpires will be allowed to check video on home run calls starting Thursday after Major League Baseball , guardian of America 's most traditional sport , reversed its decades - long opposition to instant replay .
" Like everything else in life , there are times that you have to make an adjustment , " baseball commissioner Bud Selig said following Tuesday 's announcement .
" My opposition to unlimited instant replay is still very much in play .
I really think that the game has prospered for well over a century now doing things the way we did it . "
The 74 - year - old Selig , who described himself as " old fashioned " and an admirer of baseball 's " human element , " softened his opposition following a rash of blown calls this year .
For now , video will be used only on so - called " boundary calls , " such as determining whether fly balls went over the fence , whether potential home runs were fair or foul and whether there was fan interference on potential home runs .
" Any time you try to change something in baseball , it 's both emotional and difficult , " Selig said .
" There 's been some concern that , well , if you start here , look what it 's going to lead to .
Not as long as I'm the commissioner . "
Replay will go into use with three series scheduled to open Thursday : Philadelphia at the Chicago Cubs , Minnesota at Oakland and Texas at the Los Angeles Angels .
For other games , replays will be available to umpires starting Friday .
Sept. 18 , 2008  --
It 's not a great idea to run a government using Yahoo !
e-mail accounts .
That 's the word from experts , anyway , reacting to news that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's Yahoo !
e-mail had been hacked earlier this week .
McCain 's vice - presidential pick reportedly used the accounts to communicate with key aides about government business .
The practice is dangerous , said experts , and can run counter to laws ensuring government is open and accountable -- a tough point for Palin , who has made " open government " a catchphrase of her political identity .
By using non-governmental email systems , " Your information is out there available , beyond the official mechanisms there to protect it , " said Amit Yoran , the nation 's first cybersecurity chief .
Yoran is now CEO of Netwitness Corp. , a computer security firm for government and private entities .
" When she 's communicating about government programs , that information is not being protected with the typical precautions the government has put in place in its own risk management process , " said Yoran .
Moreover , a hacked account could be used to falsify communications , noted Yoran – a point proven by one of the hackers , who used Palin 's account to send a message to one of her assistants .
Two Yahoo !
email accounts belonging to Palin were hacked early Tuesday by a group calling itself ' Anonymous ' .
Screen shots of her inbox were posted online , as well as a screenshot showing an email of an apparently personal nature from a Palin appointee to the governor .
Palin's use of the private account to discuss public business – a practice reportedly shared by her top aides – also raised concerns from open - government advocates , who fear the practice could impede the spirit of laws designed to preserve government communications and documents .
Recently , Palin 's office has fought to withhold some emails from public release , saying they were exempt from disclosure because state law protected certain categories of communication , such as those related to the " deliberative process . "
Palin's E-mail Problem
A state spokesman for Palin has defended the practice , saying " I do n't hear any public clamor for access to internal communications of the governor 's office , " and blaming the issue on " some people out there blogging and talking who would like to embarrass the governor . "
The McCain - Palin campaign responded to inquiries about Palin 's email practice with a written statement .
" This is a shocking invasion of the Governor 's privacy and a violation of law , " read the statement , from campaign manager Rick Davis .
" The matter has been turned over to the appropriate authorities and we hope that anyone in possession of these emails will destroy them .
We will have no further comment . "
Lawyer Meredith Fuchs of the Washington , D.C. - based National Security Archive has experience on this issue , having fought with the Bush White House over how it preserved emails , and why it allowed key personnel to use private email accounts controlled by the Republican National Committee .
She believes Palin 's email habits echo the worst practices of the Bush administration .
Government email systems typically have safeguards to preserve communications specifically for open - records purposes .
" I do n't know what Yahoo's policy is " on how long it saves emails , particularly after they 're deleted by the user , said Fuchs , who doubted they were preserved .
That parallels the problems with White House personnel sending email through the RNC .
Many of their emails " just do n't exist anymore , " said Fuchs .
" This is very similar . "
Fuchs – and open - government advocates in Alaska – worry that may be part of the governor 's intent .
" Maybe they did it because they thought the records would n't be disclosed , " said Fuchs .
" That raises issues possible destruction of evidence issues – if they expected litigation . "
I dreemed I had cheezburgers .
All I coud eet and mor .
But wen I wok up , my paw was sore .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
By Ruth Marcus - September 30 , 2008
WASHINGTON -- Forget Joe Biden .
I 'd like to see John McCain debate Sarah Palin .
McCain 's scorn for Barack Obama was on unrestrained display in Friday night 's debate .
How dare this impudent whippersnapper imagine he can be president , you could almost see McCain thinking .
I 'm the one who 's racked up the frequent flier miles to Waziristan !
Henry Kissinger and I were BFFs when Obama was glued to " The Brady Bunch " !
Listening to McCain debate was like a stroll down foreign policy memory lane : Brezhnev , Andropov , Chernenko .
George Shultz , " our great secretary of state . "
Perestroika .
SDI .
Those were the days , my friend .
We thought the Cold War would never end .
" Back in 1983 , when I was a brand - new United States congressman ... , " McCain reminisced .
And , " I supported Nunn - Lugar back in the early 1990s . "
By the time McCain described how the Pakistan - Afghan border " has not been governed since the days of Alexander the Great , " you were half - expecting that he was going to tell you about how he led the congressional delegation that met with Alexander .
All this looking back does n't strike me as a politically smart tactic -- or is that strategy ?
McCain risked coming off as the crotchety uncle who insists on telling you the same war stories -- over and over , no matter how off - point they are .
No voter looking into the financial abyss believes the most pressing budgetary problem is $ 3 million to study bear DNA .
And for McCain to open the debate by noting that Ted Kennedy was in the hospital -- a gracious touch , certainly , but reminding the audience about an ailing senior senator is not the optimal move for a 72 - year - old cancer survivor seeking the presidency .
Which brings me to Palin , and my continuing -- no , make that deepening -- mystification over McCain 's choice .
I can understand how he views Obama as untested and unprepared .
I can't square that dismissive attitude with McCain 's selection of Palin .
McCain 's fundamental argument in pursuit of the presidency is that he has the background to do the job .
He made this point again and again Friday night .
" I 've been involved , as I mentioned to you before , in virtually every major national security challenge we 've faced in the last 20 - some years .
There are some advantages to experience , and knowledge , and judgment . "
Or , " The important thing is I visited Afghanistan and I traveled to Waziristan and I traveled to these places and I know what our security requirements are . "
And so therefore I picked a running mate who did n't have a passport two years ago ?
Asked about that by Katie Couric , Palin explained that " I 'm not one of those who maybe come from a background of , you know , kids who perhaps graduated college and their parents get them a passport and a backpack and say , ' Go off and travel the world . ' "
Instead , Palin said , " the way that I have understood the world is through education , through books , through mediums that have provided me a lot of perspective on the world . "
This would be more reassuring if Palin had demonstrated more evidence of having read extensively about history or world affairs .
Asked in an interview for PBS ' Charlie Rose last year ( www.charlierose.com/guests/sarah-palin) about her favorite authors , Palin cited C.S. Lewis -- " very , very deep " -- and Dr. George Sheehan , a now - deceased writer for Runner 's World magazine whose columns Palin still keeps on hand .
" Very inspiring and very motivating , " she said .
" He was an athlete and I think so much of what you learn in athletics about competition and healthy living that he was really able to encapsulate , has stayed with me all these years . "
Also , she got a Garfield desk calendar for Christmas 1987 that made a big impression .
McCain is a voracious reader of history .
The day before the New Hampshire primary , I sat on his campaign bus listening to him hold forth about William Manchester on Douglas MacArthur .
And in his most recent book , " Hard Call , " McCain explains why knowledge of history matters : " Great statesmen who have been praised for their ability to see around the corner of history knew their history before they looked beyond it , and they understood the forces that drove it in one direction or another . "
If there is evidence that Palin has that understanding , it is yet to emerge .
Peering around the corner of history with Palin as vice president is a terrifying prospect .
Amish ' castration ' rumors : Webster Co. Sheriff 's Office comments
The case has ignited a controversy over whether two Amish brothers ' criminal actions were met with appropriate consequences in the justice system .
Quick !
Hide Sarah Palin !
CNN :
“ McCain supporter Sen . Lindsey Graham tells CNN the McCain campaign is proposing to the Presidential Debate Commission and the Obama camp that if there ’s no bailout deal by Friday , the first presidential debate should take the place of the VP debate , currently scheduled for next Thursday , October 2 in St. Louis .
In this scenario , the vice presidential debate between Joe Biden and Sarah Palin would be rescheduled for a date yet to be determined , and take place in Oxford , Mississippi , currently slated to be the site of the first presidential faceoff this Friday . ”
Like Kevin Drum , I had been saying “ ha ha , I suppose they ’ll try to reschedule the first Presidential debate for October 2nd ” , as a joke .
Silly me , and silly Kevin , to think that the McCain campaign would manage not to make that ludicrous unforced error .
I think I know why , though : after her interview with Katie Couric , they surely cannot want Sarah Palin to have one more moment of unscripted TV time than is absolutely necessary .
For the most part , people have focussed on the part where Sarah Palin cannot come up with specific examples of McCain favoring regulation .
( Note to Sarah Palin : boxing .
I ’d mention McCain ’s attempt to regulate tobacco , but since he ’s flip - flopped on that one , best not to bring it up . )
But I was also struck by this bit from the interview :
“ COURIC : Would you support a moratorium on foreclosures to help average Americans keep their homes ?
PALIN : That ’s something that John McCain and I have both been discussing whether that is part of the solution or not … you know , it ’s going to be a multifaceted solution that has to be found here .
COURIC : So you have n’t decided whether you ’ll support it or not ?
PALIN : I have not .
COURIC : What are the pros and cons of it , do you think ?
[ Translation : OK , you do n’t want to commit .
But do you have the slightest idea what the salient considerations are ? ]
“ PALIN : Well , some decisions that have been made poorly should not be rewarded , of course .
COURIC : By consumers , you ’re saying ?
PALIN : Consumers and those who were predator lenders also .
That ’s , you know , that has to be considered also .
But again , it ’s got to be a comprehensive long - term solution found for this problem that America is facing today .
As I say , we are getting into crisis mode here . ”
[ Translation : Not a clue .
But whatever the solution is , it ought to be comprehensive and long - term .
Such a relief to know she does n’t actually favor temporary solutions that do not address the entire problem .
Had she had more time , no doubt she would have come out for solutions that are judicious , well - designed , effective and ( of course ) bipartisan .
And I ’ll bet she does n’t think people should play politics with this issue either .
Call me psychic . ]
Sarah Palin has been described as a quick study .
But she has been surrounded by briefers for nearly three weeks , and she ’s still completely unable to string together an intelligent thought on the mortgage crisis .
Would a moratorium on foreclosures keep people in their homes , or would it make banks even less likely to make mortgage loans , while driving them closer to insolvency ?
Is this sort of heavy - handed government interference in the market a desperate measure called for by desperate times , or is it more like Robert Mugabe ’s efforts to stop inflation by banning price increases ?
( I probably should n’t wonder whether Sarah Palin knows who Mugabe is … )
It would be nice if the running mate of one of the oldest candidates for President ever had some ideas about these issues .
Since she ’s been prepping constantly , it ’s pretty alarming that she does n’t .
I served with quick studies .
I knew quick studies .
Quick studies were a friend of mine .
Sarah Palin : you ’re no quick study .
Speaking on National Public Radio during the Republican National Convention last week , the former Environmental Protection Agency Administrator from early in the George W. Bush administration , Christine Todd Whitman , said she would like to see the EPA become its own department within the U.S. government ( along with all of the rights and privileges bestowed upon them ) .
The idea of edifying the EPA into a department that has a seat in the President ’s cabinet may not sit well with some of her Republican colleagues who fear that such a move would only increase the size of the government .
However , the EPA has hardly been the model of efficiency and effectiveness since its inception in the early 1970s .
A restructuring of the EPA that created a cabinet seat might offer the type of coordinating capacity that our federal government currently lacks , in terms of creating coherent environmental policy set in the context of climate change .
We ’ve got a Department of Interior , Department of Energy , Department of Defense , Department of Homeland Security , and so on .
Why we have yet to bestow department status to such an important function of the federal government is confounding .
And I ’m glad I ’m not the only one .
Whitman also said this week that there is clearly a direct correlation between hurricanes and global warming .
And that she ’s not as comfortable as she ’d like to be with some of the decisions made by current EPA administrator Stephen Johnson .
Whitman is a bit of a loose green cannon for the Republicans .
It is no wonder why she resigned from her EPA back in 2003 – she did it out of frustration because she could n’t perform her job without political interference from her superiors .
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Related Posts :
EPA Drafts Rule for Carbon Sequestration
Senator Call for EPA Administrator Johnson to Step Down
" A baby has a special way of adding joy in every single day . "
Photo by Connie Cooper
These are the kittens Connie Cooper rescued and raised by bottle .
They were 2 weeks old about when Connie found them .
Photo by Connie Cooper
Photo by Connie Cooper
7/7/2020
Face coverings will be mandatory for anyone in a court facility , including judges and staff , beginning July 13 , 2020 , according to an order issued today by Minnesota Supreme Court Chief Justice Lorie S. Gildea .
The order requires that people wear their own face coverings when they will be doing business in person with a district or appellate court .
read more
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson talks with reporters after meeting with Congressional leaders on the current economic crisis Thursday , Sept. 18 , 2008 on Capitol Hill .
Paulson plan could cost $ 1 trillion
Congressional leaders said after meeting Thursday evening with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke that as much as $ 1 trillion could be needed to avoid an imminent meltdown of the U.S. financial system .
Paulson announced plans Friday morning for a " bold approach " that will cost hundreds of billions of dollars .
At a news conference at Treasury headquarters , he called for a " temporary asset relief program " to take bad mortgages off the books of the nation 's financial institutions .
Congressional leaders had left Washington on Friday , but Paulson planned to confer with them over the weekend .
Advertisement
" We 're talking hundreds of billions , " Paulson told reporters .
" This needs to be big enough to make a real difference and get to the heart of the problem . "
Stock markets soared around the world in anticipation of the rescue , with British and Chinese indexes recording their biggest gains ever .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” said lawmakers were told last night “ that we ’re literally maybe days away from a complete meltdown of our financial system , with all the implications , here at home and globally . ”
“ What you heard last evening is one of those rare moments — certainly rare in my experience here — was that Democrats and Republicans decided we needed to work together , quickly , ” Dodd said .
The solution being proposed by the Bush administration is the most expensive bailout in the nation ’s history , sharply curtailing the ability of the next president to push for tax cuts or new spending .
Congressional leaders tell Politico that to expedite the rescue , Treasury plans to seek additional authority rather than creating a new entity .
The plan involves buying up hundreds of billions of dollars in bad mortgages to take them off the books of financial institutions that otherwise might fail .
Sen . Richard Shelby of Alabama , the ranking Republican on the Banking Committee , told “ Good Morning America ” : “ I figure it will be at least half a trillion .
But if you look at what the Fed has already done [ by rescuing insurance giant AIG ] , and the extension of power to Treasury to deal with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , I believe we 're talking about a trillion dollars . ”
Some Republicans are expressing concerns about writing essentially a blank check to the Bush administration .
“ They 're lurching from one crisis to another , ” Shelby said .
“ They do n't seem to have a superplan to deal with this .
...
We want to see the plan .
This is not a done deal yet .
But we know there 's crisis , there 's stress , in the financial markets that we have n't seen in , say , 70 years . ”
Some conservatives are balking even more bluntly .
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) , a member of the Joint Economic Committee , told the Los Angeles Times : “ What is missing from it and from the recent string of bailouts is a commitment to return to a free enterprise economy .
...
What we need now is not what could be nearly a trillion dollars in new taxpayer bailouts but pro-growth policies that allow our markets to correct and start growing again . ”
Barack Obama is to send thousands of campaign volunteers across the US this weekend as part of an urgent effort to create one of the most sophisticated political operations ever to contest a White House election .
Although there are still 143 days left before the election , Obama is moving at speed to establish an operation he hopes will out - organise his Republican rival John McCain in the swing states .
About 3,600 volunteers are being dispatched to reinforce advance staff deployed in 17 states .
Although he has said he will fight all 50 states , his campaign has identified these as ones that could determine the outcome of the November 4 general election .
The mobilisation comes as Obama and McCain engaged in a dispute over a proposal by the Republican candidate for the two to hold 10 town hall debates between now and the first of the party conventions in August .
McCain , who is at his best in smaller gatherings , expressed disappointment that Obama had failed to take up his offer .
But Obama 's campaign chief , David Plouffe , fired back that Obama had agreed , though only to two such events — one in July and one in August .
Plouffe said these two , combined with the traditional three television debates in the autumn , would be " the most of any presidential campaign in the modern era " .
He added : " It 's disappointing that senator McCain and his campaign decided to decline this proposal .
Apparently they would rather contrive a political issue than foster a genuine discussion about the future of our country . "
Obama 's 3,600 volunteers have given a commitment to do at least six weeks of unpaid political work .
He put out a call for volunteers in April and more than 10,000 replied .
Obama established a formidable reputation in his battle with Hillary Clinton for grassroots organisation , pinpointing potential voters in places such as Iowa on a scale never before seen in American politics .
He wants to replicate that in the general election , not only in Iowa but into swing states such as Ohio , Pennsylvania , Florida , Virginia , Colorado , Nevada and New Mexico .
McCain , though he wrapped up the Republican nomination in March , has struggled to develop a Republican general election machine on the ground in states such as Ohio , in part because of a reluctance of rightwing activists to work for him .
By contrast , Obama , though he won the Democratic nomination only last week , has shifted quickly into general election mode .
Reflecting this , he is to move large parts of the Democratic headquarters staff from Washington to his campaign headquarters in his hometown , Chicago .
A spokesman for the Democratic national committee , Stacie Paxton , declined today to give details of the move but said : " The DNC and the Obama campaign are going to be one seamless , integrated operation .
The idea is not to duplicate efforts . "
Staff from the party 's political , field and constituency operations will be moved to Chicago or to help out in key states .
Obama wants to try to avoid the kind of unnecessary duplication that hampered John Kerry 's failed 2004 bid for the White House , when he won 251 electoral college votes , 19 short of the 270 needed to beat George Bush .
His aim is to keep the 19 states that Kerry won and add at least a few of the swing states .
He spent today in one of them , Ohio , where he promised to reform social security , and is due tomorrow to speak in another , Pennsylvania .
As well as good on - the - ground organisation , one of the reasons for Obama 's success so far has been that he has made better use of the internet than his rivals .
Joe Rospars , who is the head of new media for Obama , speaking at a conference in Washington this week , said that the internet had helped the campaign build a network of one million supporters across the US and 1.5 million donors , most of them providing $ 200 ( £ 100 ) or less .
Joe Trippi , who was among the first political operators to harness the internet on behalf of the failed Democratic candidate Howard Dean in 2004 , was due to speak at the conference but , unable to attend , had his comments read out , including a prediction that Obama would raise half a billion dollars by November .
The latest opinion poll , published by NBC and the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday , puts Obama on 47 % and McCain on 41 % .
Nitrate is the most common chemical contaminant in the world ’s ground water , including in aquifers used for drinking - water supply .
Nitrate in drinking water of the United States is regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( USEPA ) because of concerns related to infant health and possible cancer risks .
Use of man-made synthetic fertilizers has steadily increased since World War II , raising the potential for increased nitrate contamination of the nation ’s ground water , despite efforts in recent decades to improve land - management practices .
Monitoring nitrate trends in ground water through time is important in determining how quickly ground - water systems respond to changes in chemical use and best management practices .
One of the first nationwide studies of nitrate trends in ground water of the United States was recently completed by scientists at the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) , as part of that agency ’s federally - funded National Water - Quality Assessment ( NAWQA ) Program .
In particular , monitoring data collected by NAWQA across the country in multiple aquifers were analyzed to characterize near - decadal trends in nitrate concentrations in ground water between 1988 and 2004 .
Results from the study were published in a companion supplement to the September - October issue of the Journal of Environmental Quality .
Decadal - scale changes of nitrate concentrations were evaluated in ground water samples collected from 495 wells in 24 well networks across the United States in predominantly agricultural areas .
A well network is a set of about 30 randomly - selected wells designed to examine ground - water quality in a particular region .
Each well network was sampled once during 1988 –1995 and resampled once during 2000 –2004 .
Findings show statistically significant increases in concentrations of nitrate in 7 of the 24 well networks .
Median nitrate concentrations of three of those seven well networks increased above the USEPA maximum contaminant level of 10 parts per million .
Concentrations decreased in one network located in the Willamette Valley of Oregon .
The study included estimates of the age of the ground water ( that is , time since the water recharged to the aquifer ) ; nitrate concentrations in ground water increased in response to the increased use of fertilizers since World War II .
“ This study highlights the importance of maintaining long - term ground - water monitoring programs in the nation , because sustained monitoring provides critical information on changes of our nation ’s ground - water quality , and whether pollution prevention programs are effective in protecting this nation ’s ground water , ” said Michael Rupert , a hydrologist with the USGS .
The USGS implemented the NAWQA Program in 1991 to support national , regional , state , and local information needs and decisions related to water - quality management and policy ( http://water.usgs.gov/nawqa).
The NAWQA Program is designed to answer :
What is the condition of our Nation ’s streams and ground water , and how are conditions changing over time ?
In the second decade of the Program ( 2001 –2012 ) , a major focus is on regional assessments of water - quality conditions and trends at sites that have been consistently monitored for more than a decade .
Inaugural Lecture :
On the development of Effective Field Theory
Planned Parenthood defends Obama , attacks McCain
Planned Parenthood Action Fund has a tough new ad responding to McCain 's attack on Obama 's support for some sex-ed for kindergartners .
The ad defends Obama , and suggests McCain is indifferent to the plight of sexually abused children .
" Every eight minutes a child is sexually abused .
That 's why Barack Obama supported legislation to teach children how to protect themselves .
Now John McCain is twisting the facts and attacking Senator Obama , " says the female narrator , over images that suggest abused children .
" Does n't McCain want our children to protect ourselves from sex offenders ?
Or after 26 years in Washington , is he just another politician who will say anything to get elected ? "
A reader noticed the ad in Planned Parenthood 's YouTube account ; I 'll add details about where it 's airing when they 're available .
UPDATE : Planned Parenthood has taken the ad off YouTube , but others posted it , so I 've restored it .
UPDATE : A Planned Parenthood spokesman , Tait Sye , says the ad is airing in the Denver and Pittsburgh markets -- the only markets where , as far as they could tell , the McCain ad aired .
They 've also written a letter to McCain asking him to take it off the air .
The letter from Planned Parenthood chief Cecile Richards , which notes that the disputed bill was a Planned Parenthood effort , is after the jump .
1110 Vermont Ave , NW Suite 300 Washington , DC 20005 · PHONE : 202.973.4800 · www.plannedparenthoodaction.org
McCain - Palin 2008
P.O. Box 16118
Arlington , VA 22215
FAX : 703-752-2515
Delivered via Fax , email , and postal mail
Sept. 11 , 2008
Dear Steve Schmidt / McCain -Palin campaign ,
I am writing to ask that the McCain campaign immediately take down your false and misleading
ad attacking Senator Obama for his support of a bill that would have helped protect young
children from sexual predators .
This ad is a misleading attack on Senator Obama AND on the substance of the bill itself .
As one
of many organizations the supported the bill , we are outraged that the McCain campaign would
seek to play political games with children ’s health and safety .
We are also disappointed that
Senator McCain has reneged on his own promise to refrain from such tactics .
In 2003 , Planned Parenthood worked with Illinois state legislators to introduce the bill
highlighted in Senator McCain ’s negative ad .
The bill , SB 99 , would have taught kindergartners
how to recognize inappropriate touching and how to defend against sexual predators .
In addition ,
the bill “ was supported by a coalition of education and public health organizations , including the
Illinois Parent Teacher Association , the Illinois State Medical Society , the Illinois Public Health
Association and the Illinois Education Association . ” ( New York Times , 9/11/08 )
Bill SB 99 of the 2003 Illinois Legislative session explicitly states , “ Course material and
instruction shall teach pupils to not make unwanted physical and verbal sexual advances and how
to say no to unwanted sexual advances and shall include information about verbal , physical , and
visual sexual harassment , including without limitation nonconsensual sexual advances ,
nonconsensual physical sexual contact , and rape by an acquaintance . ”
Several analyses and fact checks of the McCain campaign ’s attack ad have criticized the ad , and
found that it is a “ factual failure ” and “ seriously distort ( s ) the record . ”
The New York Times : McCain ’s ad “ distorts ” Obama ’s record : The New York Times reports
that McCain ’s ad “ severely distorts ” Obama ’s record and is “ recycling old and discredited
arguments . ”
The Times goes on to report that “ The advertisement , then , also misrepresents what
the bill meant by “ comprehensive . ”
The instruction the bill required was comprehensive in that it
called for a curriculum that went from kindergarten and through high school , not in the sense that
kindergarteners would have been fully exposed to the entire gamut of sex- related issues . ”
[ The
New York Times , 9/11/08 ]
The Washington Post : The McCain ad “ fails test ” : The Washington Post examined the
“ education ” ad created by McCain and said that political ads “ should not misrepresent the record
of the other side and should clearly distinguish quotes from non-partisan news sources from
standard political rhetoric .
The McCain ‘ education ’ ad fails this test . ”
[ The Washington Post ,
9/11/08 ]
Factcheck.org : McCain ad is a “ Factual Failure ” : Factcheck.org writes , “ A McCain - Palin
campaign ad claims Obama 's ‘ one accomplishment ’ in the area of education was ‘ legislation to
teach “ comprehensive sex education ” to kindergarteners . ’
But the claim is simply false , and it
dates back to Alan Keyes ' failed race against Obama for an open Senate seat in 2004 .
Obama ,
contrary to the ad's insinuation , does not support explicit sex education for kindergarteners .
And
the bill , which would have allowed only ‘ age appropriate ’ material and a no-questions - asked optout
policy for parents , was not his accomplishment to claim in any case , since he was not even a
cosponsor – and the bill never left the state Senate . ” [ Factcheck.org ; 9/10/08 ]
Congressional Quartely : McCain makes “ dubious ” claims about Obama ’s character .
CQ
writes , “ McCain appears to be banking on the assumption that he has enough credibility with
voters that he can maintain their faith in his character even if he makes dubious claims about
Obama's… .
[ T ]he underlying suggestion of ‘ Education ’ -- that Obama favors teaching 5 - yearolds
the kind of sex ed taught to high school students -- is a significant stretch . ” [ CQ , 9/11/08 ]
We all want to protect our children , and we should be able to agree not to politicize issues that
are critical to the safety and well - being of our children .
That is why Senator Obama supported
this bill .
With that in mind , I respectfully ask that the McCain campaign stop airing this
misleading attack ad on Senator Obama ’s education record , and on the bill itself .
Sincerely ,
Cecile Richards
President
Planned Parenthood Action Fund
Submitted by cpowell on Fri , 2008-09 -26 02:20 .
Fed Keeps Banks Afloat as Money Market Crisis Deepens
By John Parry and Jamie McGeeever
Reuters
Thursday , September 25 , 2008
http://www.reuters.com/article/ousiv/idUSTRE48O9B920080925
U.S. banks and money managers borrowed a record amount from the Federal Reserve in the latest week , nearly $ 188 billion a day on average , showing the central bank went to extremes to keep the banking system afloat amid the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression .
The data on borrowing from the Fed closed out another day of high anxiety in global money markets .
Key measures of funding stress hit record levels on both sides of the Atlantic as nervous market participants awaited developments from Washington on a $ 700 billion U.S. financial bailout plan .
Federal Reserve data showed on Thursday the total amount banks borrowed nearly quadrupled the previous record of $ 47.97 billion per day notched just the week before .
" This looks like the balance sheet of a central bank that is keeping the financial system on life support , " said Michael Feroli , U.S. economist with JPMorgan in New York .
Borrowings by primary dealers via the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , and through another facility created on Sunday for Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , and Merrill Lynch and their London - based subsidiaries , totaled $ 105.66 billion as of Wednesday , the Fed said .
The Federal Reserve 's lending to U.S. depository institutions and bank holding companies to finance their purchases of high - quality asset - backed commercial paper from money market mutual funds via a new lending facility the Fed announced on September 19 , came in at $ 72.67 billion as of Wednesday .
The Fed designed the loan facility to help money market funds meet huge demands for redemptions from fearful investors over the past week after one U.S. money market mutual fund 's value fell below $ 1 a share , and to foster liquidity in the asset - backed commercial paper markets .
The move followed the U.S. Treasury 's action last Friday to set up a temporary guaranty program for the money market mutual fund industry .
Tom Sowanick , chief investment officer at Clearbrook Financial cited " a big increase in borrowings from securities firms which came at a time when the turmoil on Wall Street hit an apex and money market funds came under pressure , so they went to the window to make sure their funds remained stable . "
Lending in the " other credit extensions " category to insurer American International Group and possibly others was $ 44.57 billion as of September 24 , compared with $ 28.0 billion as of September 17 .
" It is stunning how much you see the Fed extending credit all over the place , " Feroli said .
" Every facility got used to a large degree , the ABCP facility , the AIG loan , the Primary Dealer Credit Facility and the good old discount window , " he said .
" Everywhere you see huge amounts of reserves being put into the system , " Feroli said .
... Last Resort
The data showing the huge reliance of financial institutions on the U.S. central bank came on a day of other extremes within the funding markets for banks and companies .
Key measures of U.S. dollar funding strains hit record levels as nervous market participants awaited developments from Washington on a $ 700 billion U.S. financial bailout plan .
The inter - bank premium for borrowing three - month dollars over anticipated official policy rates , or Overnight Index Swaps , known as the Libor / OIS spread , blew out to 200 basis points , while the cost of borrowing euros and sterling also jumped .
That dollar Libor / OIS spread was around 164 basis points on Wednesday , and around 80 basis points at the start of September .
Yet late in the New York day , market participants ' hopes of an imminent passage of the $ 700 billion government bank bailout dragged some gauges of risk aversion including interest rate swap spreads , back from the brink .
The U.S. commercial paper market also shrank dramatically , marking the biggest weekly contraction in a year , Fed data showed on Thursday , as the escalating global credit crisis shook investors ' confidence in all but the safest instruments issued by the U.S. government .
For the week ended September 24 , the size of the U.S. commercial paper market , a vital source of short - term funding for daily operations at many companies , shrank by $ 61.0 billion to $ 1.702 trillion , the lowest level since early 2006 Federal Reserve data showed .
" The declines add to the urgency for fixes to the credit crisis , " wrote Tony Crescenzi , chief bond market strategist with Miller , Tabak & Co. in New York in an email note .
The closely - watched TED spread , meanwhile , was last indicated around 430 basis points on Reuters screens , edging back up toward the near 500 basis points struck last week , the widest in over a quarter of a century .
The three - month sterling Libor / OIS spread , meanwhile , widened to almost 160 basis points , more than doubling since the start of the month .
These spreads are seen as a key indicator of financial market stress and risk aversion , reflecting the true cost of funding for banks and financial instututions .
Some 60 percent of corporate lending is tied to London interbank offered rates ( Libor ) , according to Credit Suisse .
* * *
Join GATA here :
Toronto Resource Investment Conference
Saturday - Sunday , October 4 -
5
Metro Toronto Convention Centre , Toronto , Canada
http://goldshow.ca/ch_tor2008.html
New Orleans Investment Conference
Thursday - Monday , November 13 - 18 , 2008
New Orleans Marriott Hotel
http://www.NewOrleansConference.com
* * *
Help Keep GATA
Going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at http://www.gata.org/.
Many birds are arriving earlier each spring as temperatures warm along the East Coast of the United States .
However , the farther those birds journey , the less likely they are to keep pace with the rapidly changing climate .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Scientists at Boston University and the Manomet Center for Conservation Sciences analyzed changes in the timing of spring migrations of 32 species of birds along the coast of eastern Massachusetts since 1970 .
Researchers at Manomet gathered this data by capturing birds in mist nets , attaching bands to their legs , and then releasing them .
Their findings , published in Global Change Biology , show that eight out of 32 bird species are passing by Cape Cod significantly earlier on their annual trek north than they were 38 years ago .
The reason ?
Warming temperatures .
Temperatures in eastern Massachusetts have risen by 1.5 degrees Celsius ( 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit ) since 1970 .
Species , such as the swamp sparrow , that winter in the southern United States are generally keeping pace with warming temperatures and earlier leafing of trees .
They migrate earlier when temperatures are warm and later when spring is cool .
Birds that winter further south , like the great crested flycatcher , which spends its winters in South America , are slow to change , though .
Their migration times are not changing , despite the warming temperatures in New England .
There appears to be good reason for the difference between the short - and long - distance migrants .
Because temperatures are linked along much of the East Coast of the United Statesâ € ” an early spring in North Carolina is generally an early spring in Massachusettsâ € ” the short - distance migrants can gain insight into when it will be warm further north .
They can follow the flush of leaves and insects all the way to their breeding grounds each year .
Long - distance migrants , though , do not have any good cue for whether it will be an early or late spring on the northern stretches of their migrations .
Weather in South America has little to do with weather in New England .
Being slow to change in response to warming temperatures could have serious repercussions for long - distance migrant birds .
This same research group has shown that plants are blooming earlier in Massachusetts than they did in the past .
It appears that the short - distance migrants are keeping pace with this changing environment .
However , long - distance migrants are being left behind ; as temperatures continue to warm , they will probably experience environments increasingly different from the ones for which they are adapted .
Other researchers have already noted that some long - distance migrant birds returning from African wintering areas to breed in Europe are now mistimed with their insect food supply .
The inability of some birds to adapt to rapid climate change may be an important factor in some of the declines among songbird populations that have been documented in recent years .
Advertisements
In her first solo network television interview Sarah Palin appeared clueless when asked about the Bush Doctrine by ABC ’s Charlie Gibson .
When Palin was asked about the Bush Doctrine , she appeared not to know what it was .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Palin had to ask what respect of the Bush Doctrine Gibson was talking about , then went off the rails with this riff , “ I believe that what President Bush has attempted to do is rid this world of Islamic extremism .
Terrorists who are hellbent on destroying our nation .
There have been blunders along the way , though , there have been mistakes made .
And with new leadership - and that ’s the beauty of American elections of course and of democracy - is with new leadership comes opportunity to do things better . ”
Gibson with his succinct answer proved himself more prepared to be vice president than the Republican nominee .
Could somebody please tell me how a Republican running for vice president does not know what the Bush Doctrine is ?
Nobody should expect her to be an expert , but this is the fundamental tenant of the foreign policy of the United States for the past 6 years .
Palin looked like a kid taking an oral exam who was trying to bluff her way through a question .
She had no idea , but she guessed that it had something to do with terrorism , so she veered off in that direction .
I guess Republicans can flush those commercials touting Sarah Palin ’s national security experience down the drain .
I now understand why the McCain campaign keeps her hidden .
She does n’t know anything .
She is pretty much what one would expect .
She seems to be a political talent , but
an absolute novice on the national stage , and a blank slate on the issues .
The McCain campaign has a whole lot of work to do if they are going to get her ready to debate Joe Biden .
Maybe , she can just repeat part of her stump speech as an answer to every question during the debate .
I do n’t fault Palin because if I was an obscure governor , I would jump at the chance to run for vice president too , but she is n’t ready , and there is too much time left in the campaign for her to bluff her way through it .
Dick Cheney is the most influential and powerful man ever to hold the office of vice president .
This special report examines Cheney 's largely hidden and little - understood role in crafting policies on national security , the economy and the environment .
The Pulitzer Prize - Winning Series
A master of bureaucracy and detail , Cheney exerts most of his influence out of public view .
Cheney 's office played a central role in shattering limits on coercion of prisoners in U.S. custody .
From behind the scenes , Cheney was guardian of conservative orthodoxy on budget and tax matters .
Cheney loosened protections on air and water quality and changed the rules on national parks .
CNN Fact Checks McCain and concludes that he ’s lying :
Eugene Robinson in the Washington Post notices that even after Palin admits that she stretched the truth , she repeats the very same lie again :
Palin claims she told Congress “ Thanks , but no thanks to the Bridge to Nowhere ” .
A quick check of her record shows that she supported the bridge when she was running for governor , supported it after she got elected , and dropped her backing only after it was widely ridiculed as a prime example of pork - barrel spending , and was effectively killed by Congress .
In the one interview she has given since her nomination , she admitted she supported the bridge .
A couple of days after the interview , she repeats — word for word — “ I told Congress thanks but no thanks to that Bridge to Nowhere ” .
© Tony Auth
UPDATE : The lies just keep on coming .
In several interviews this morning , McCain bragged about his duties in the Senate :
“ I understand the economy .
I was chairman of the Commerce Committee that oversights every part of our economy . ” – on CNBC ’s Squak Box
“ I know how to fix this economy .
I have had great experience on these issues as chairman of the Commerce Committee . ” – on Fox ’s Morning Joe
The problem is that it is not the Senate Commerce Committee that has oversight over the economy , it is the Senate Banking Committee .
If we have a problem with the Coast Guard , highway safety , sports , or the Panama Canal then the Commerce Committee would deal with it .
But if we have a problem with banks , housing , credit , financial services , monetary policy , or the federal reserve — those areas that are currently in crisis — they we would go to the Banking Committee .
McCain either does n’t know what his committee does , or he is just simply lying .
Again .
UPDATE 2 : Now MSNBC does a fact check of Palin .
Not only is she lying , but she keeps lying about the same things that people have already pointed out are lies .
So now that I ’ve got the attention of all the drooling Transformers fanboys out there , check it out …
Megan Fox is indeed starring in a movie called Whore .
No joke .
The proof is right there on the poster .
Granted , I ’m not sure if she ’s actually playing the whore from which the movie draws its title , but it hardly seems to matter .
This thing is destined to be downloaded by a million horny teenagers , and completely trashed by critics .
Whore is the brainchild of Thomas Dekker , who most will know as John Connor on Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
Somehow he raised enough money to direct it himself , and also talked his Terminator co-star Lena Headey into appearing in it , along with Bruce Willis ’ daughter Rumer .
Did I mention that Ron Jeremy plays a priest in this ?
Brilliant , just brilliant .
The movie is about “ a large group of teens living on the streets of Hollywood and selling their bodies to stay alive [ as they ] struggle with the movie business that continues to slam one door after another in their face ” .
Wait a minute , is he serious ?
Oh man this sounds bad .
What the heck is Megan Fox thinking ?
All the entries are in , and once again it 's been a bang up year for the Earth Week Cruise - In with 70 entries from around the world .
Thanks again to all par ...
6 years ago
Van Wastell Dead at Age 24 ( Video )
Skateboarderdied on September 5th after falling from a hotel window in Berlin , Germany .
The 24 - year - old skateboarder sponsored by Krooked , Vans , Independent , Spitfire , Matix and IG Boardshop , was just days away from turning pro. According to reports Wastell was traveling with the Vans team .
Although details are sketchy , Matix Clothing received a call from DLX's Jim Theibaud :
There are some things in life you can never prepare for .
I received a call from DLX's Jim Thiebaud yesterday , his voice calm but unsteady .
What he went on to tell me was seemingly unbelievable .
On Friday Sept. 5th , Van Wastell fell from a Berlin hotel window to his death .
This is devastating news for all of us here at Matix , as Van was our friend , our team rider and a close homie of mine .
I do n't know what else to say other than we will miss the f*** out Van , he will continue his journey in mind and spirit .
Our hearts goes out to the Wastell family during this time of confusion and sadness .
WE ALREADY MISS YOU MUCH VAN ...
From DLX 's homepage :
Our thoughts and prayers go out to family and friends .
View Van Wastell skateboarding video below .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Democratic leaders on Capitol Hill said on Sunday that the Bush administration 's $ 700 billion proposal to bail out the financial system lacked necessary safeguards for taxpayers and homeowners .
Democrats want the measure to include independent oversight , homeowner protections and limits on executive compensation , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , said in a statement early Sunday evening .
" We will not simply hand over a $ 700 billion blank check to Wall Street and hope for a better outcome , " she said .
Pelosi said that Congress will take action on the bailout this week but will act " to insulate Main Street from Wall Street . "
Earlier on Sunday , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson called on Congress to move swiftly .
" We need this to be clean and quick , " Paulson said on ABC's " This Week . "
Treasury spokespeople were not immediately available for comment on Pelosi 's statement .
The legislative proposal is the centerpiece of what would be the most sweeping economic intervention by the government since the Great Depression .
( Read the text here . )
Paulson , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and other officials have said in recent days that the lack of easy credit between banks and other financial institutions threatens to inflict serious damage on the economy if not addressed immediately .
The plan would allow the Treasury to buy up mortgage - related assets from American based companies and foreign firms with a big exposure to these illiquid assets .
The aim is for the government to buy the securities at a discount , hold onto them and then sell them for a profit .
" What we 're doing is first stabilizing the market , " Paulson said Sunday morning .
" Once we stabilize the market , we need to ask ourselves how did we get here and how do we avoid getting here again . "
" We need a lot of reforms , and this is going to be something Congress and the next administration are going to be working on for some time , " Paulson added .
Paulson also stressed that the administration has begun discussions with foreign governments to push them to institute similar action , though he stressed that none have made any commitments to do so yet .
Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , agreed with Paulson that speedy passage of the bill was necessary .
" We need to do it quickly , " Dodd said on " This Week . "
" We need to give the Secretary the authority to work . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said Sunday that fellow lawmakers should not try to load up the bill with amendments .
" This is not a time for people to be playing games - we need to keep it clean and simple . "
Experts liken the Treasury 's plan to the Home Owners ' Loan Corp. , put in place in 1933 to stem foreclosures and help refinance defaulting mortgages and boost banks ' liquidity .
The mortgage plan is part of an extraordinary effort by the federal government to contain a financial crisis that has forced a major realignment on Wall Street and has started rippling out to Main Street .
In the past week , two of the nation 's most venerable investment banks - Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) and Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) - have fallen and the Federal Reserve was forced to lend $ 85 billion to prevent the sudden collapse of insurance giant American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) .
Meanwhile , mainstay financial institutions are scrambling to raise cash and shore up their books as lending has frozen up and investor confidence has sunk .
" You can't describe how ugly it would look if we do n't act , " Boehner said .
Working out the details
The bill is being hammered out on Capitol Hill .
The House Financial Services Committee has scheduled a Wednesday hearing to debate it .
Among the Democrats advocating that economic stimulus be part of the bailout package was Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass . , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee .
" It 's kind of hard to tell the average American that we are going to continue to have foreclosures that destabilize neighborhoods and deprive cities of revenue they need , but we 're going to buy up the bad paper , " Frank said on CBS ' " Face the Nation . "
Frank advocated higher taxes on people with income exceeding $ 1 million a year .
And the idea that the deficit would force tax increases even made it across party lines .
" When we add an additional trillion dollars to the debt , the burden of the taxpayer , sooner or later there 's got to be a reckoning , " Sen .
Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , ranking member on the Senate Banking Committee , told " Face the Nation . "
" This is the mother of all bailouts . "
Protecting the taxpayers
The administration 's proposal also requests that Congress authorize an increase to the nation 's debt ceiling .
Currently , it 's set to rise to $ 10.6 trillion for fiscal year 2009 - which runs from October 2008 through September 2009 .
But the proposal requests that limit be increased to $ 11.315 trillion to allow for the purchases of mortgage - backed assets .
The debt limit is a ceiling on how much debt the federal government is allowed to take on .
Budget experts say it acts as a break on spending mostly because of political pressure , because lawmakers do n't like to vote to raise it .
Lawmakers are free to change it if they have reason , however .
Paulson on Sunday acknowledged that the plan involves considerable risk for taxpayers , but said that the Treasury should recoup at least some of what it will spend on this bailout .
" We 're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars , but remember this is not an expenditure , this is money that is being used to purchase illiquid mortgage assets that are very difficult to value , " Paulson said on NBC's " Meet the Press . "
" They will be held [ by the Treasury ] and they will be resold at some time .
And so we can't determine what the cost is today , " Paulson said .
" That 's going to be based on how quickly the economy recovers , what happens in the mortgage market . "
Though it's in no way official , I happen to enjoy Google Blogoscoped 's analysis of the Google Chrome logo and agree with the influences listed .
In addition to the hodge podge of handheld Simons , Pokeballs , Firefox , webcams and Google logos , Neatorama also throws in the Sal - 9000 eye from 2010 for good measure .
It also kinda looks like that robot lamp from yesterday ( obviously , they 're not remotely related ) .
Anything else this reminds you of ?
[ Google Blogoscoped via Neatorama ]
Advertisement
Published online 9 September 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1091
News
Aliens might have sent messages by tweaking variable stars .
Galaxy NGC 1309 , snapped by the Hubble Space Telescope , is packed with Cepheid stars of the type that could form a communication network .
NASA , The Hubble Heritage Team and A. Riess ( STScI )
Just by gazing at the stars , earthling astronomers might have unwittingly picked up broadcasts from extraterrestrial civilizations .
So says a neutrino physicist , adding that it might take researchers just a few months of searching to find evidence of this alien internet .
John Learned at the University of Hawaii in Honolulu and his colleagues think that signals could be sent by manipulating Cepheid variable stars .
These rare stars can be seen in other galaxies more than 60 million light years from our own .
Cepheids dim and brighten regularly , in a pattern that depends on their brightness .
This lets astronomers measure the distance to the stars , helping to resolve mysteries such as the Universe 's age and how fast it is expanding .
As such , any sufficiently advanced civilization would want to monitor such stars , the scientists reasoned .
To send messages using a Cepheid , Learned and his colleagues suggest that extraterrestrials might change the star 's cycle .
A Cepheid becomes dimmer as ionized helium builds up in its atmosphere .
Eventually , the atmosphere expands and deionizes , restarting the cycle .
Firing a high - energy neutrino beam into a Cepheid could heat its core and brighten the star early — " just as an electric pulse to the heart can make it skip a beat , " Learned says .
The neutrinos could be made by blasting a proton beam at a target — sapphire , carbon or tungsten would work , says Learned .
The target produces subatomic particles , mostly pions , which decay to produce neutrinos .
The normal and shortened pulses could be used to encode data , to form what the researchers call a ' galactic Internet ' in a paper posted to the arXiv preprint server1 .
Low bandwidth
" It 's an interesting idea that can be tested — somebody should look at the archives on these stars and see if there are any light variations of the kind they are describing , " says physicist Freeman Dyson of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey .
Adds Seth Shostak , senior astronomer at the SETI ( Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ) Institute in Mountain View , California : " It 's a great idea , reminiscent of an old Russian idea about bouncing high - energy radiation off the 100 or 200 real supergiant stars in the galaxy to generate anomalous radiation as signals others could see . "
Learned admits that the galactic internet would be slow — a Cepheid with a roughly one - day period could transmit about 180 bits per year .
Such a transmission would require roughly a millionth of the star 's energy , the researchers estimate .
" A millionth of a star 's output is a heck of a lot of energy , " says Shostak , adding that a high - powered radio beacon could probably transmit more data over similar distances .
Learned says that finding a signal from the galactic internet is a long shot — but , he says , we 've got 100 years of data on Cepheids in which to look .
" Analyzing that data would take a graduate student a couple of months , and just think if it turned out to be correct , " says Learned .
" The implications would be astounding . "
No can talk .
In time - out .
Stoopid hoomans .
Couch looks better on fire .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The South Australian Government is being urged to consider a trial of the drug MDMA , known as ecstasy , to treat war veterans .
State Democrats MP Sandra Kanck has told State Parliament 's Upper House that trials of the drug have shown excellent results for treating United States and Israeli soldiers suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder .
Ms Kanck was criticised by her own party back in 2006 for saying ecstasy could have helped people traumatised by bushfires which swept across Eyre Peninsula .
She concedes her latest suggestion will not be well - received at first .
" I imagine [ what ] the minister 's kneejerk reaction will be ... but I hope that he will go beyond that and look at the science , " she said .
" They 've done it with rape victims , they 've done it with war victims and everywhere they 've tried it in these trials they have found it to be a superlative drug . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Have two lobbyists who work for John McCain ’s campaign — one as national finance co-chairman , the other as co-chairman of the campaign ’s Sportsmen for McCain committee — violated the campaign ’s conflict of interest policy ?
In May , when the campaign was being hit by one news story after another about lobbyists working on its staff , campaign manager Rick Davis ( who is now on leave from his own influential lobbying firm , Davis Manafort , and under fire for his past connections to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae ) issued conflict rules that banned any active lobbyist or foreign agent from being a paid employee of the campaign .
Lobbyists and foreign agents , though , could work for the campaign as part - time volunteers , as long as they did not participate in policy - making regarding the matters on which they lobby .
Another provision declared that “ no person with a McCain Campaign title or position may participate in a 527 [ campaign committee ] or other independent entity that makes public communications that support or oppose any presidential candidate . ”
That rule that may cause trouble for the campaign and two of its prominent supporters , Wayne Berman and James Jay Baker , who are lobbyists for the National Rifle Association , for the NRA recently began airing harsh attack - ads against Barack Obama .
Berman and Baker work at the powerhouse lobbying shop Ogilvy Government Relations , where both are managing directors .
According to the most recent Senate lobbying reports , the pair are registered lobbyists for the gun rights group .
( Another Ogilvy lobbyist working for the NRA , Moses Mercado , has advised the Barack Obama campaign on a volunteer basis . )
Berman — whose bio on the firm ’s website describes him “ as one of Washington ’s quietly influential insiders on both domestic and foreign policy ” — co-chairs McCain ’s national finance committee .
Baker , a former NRA official , co-steers ( with Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty and former Oklahoma governor Frank Keating ) the campaign ’s National Steering Committee of Sportsmen for McCain .
This month , the NRA — one of their many clients — launched a multimillion - dollar television ad assault against Barack Obama .
One of the NRA ads shows a hunter claiming that Obama supports a “ huge new tax ” on “ guns and ammo ” and wants to take away guns and ammunition commonly used by hunters .
( The Washington Post awarded the ad three Pinocchios for blatantly misrepresenting Obama ’s stance on guns . )
On its website , the NRA recently had headlines reading “ Barack Obama — Lying Rabble Rouser ” and “ Barack Obama Encourages Supporters to Lie About His Gun Ban Record . ”
The McCain conflict policy that prohibits McCain backers with a campaign title from being involved with an independent entity that runs ads for or against any presidential candidate seems to cover Berman and Baker , who are lobbying for an independent group that is airing TV ads blasting Obama .
Yet there has been no announcement from the McCain camp regarding any change in their positions within the campaign .
Asked whether he might be in violation of the campaign ’s conflict rules , Berman told Mother Jones , “ Hmmm , I had n’t thought of that . ”
He said he was currently lobbying for the NRA but not involved in the group ’s campaign activities .
“ I ’m in full compliance with campaign policy , ” he maintained .
“ I will check over there ….
I will continue to be in compliance .
If that requires me to make changes , I ’ll make them . ”
He added , “ You ’ve done me a favor ” by raising this issue .
Neither Baker nor the McCain campaign responded to requests for a comment .
I just came across an interesting article by law professor George C. Thomas , “ Thomas on Wildenthal on the 14th Amendment ” ( discussed on the Legal Theory Blog here ) .
A bit of background first .
The meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment , “ ratified ” in 1868 , has been debated for about 140 years now–and increasingly so in the last 90 or so years as the “ Due Process ” clause of that Amendment was used as a source of federal power over the states , via the “ incorporation doctrine , ” under which many of the rights implicit in the first 8 amendments of the Bill of Rights have been “ incorporated ” into the Due Process clause and thereby “ applied ” to the states ( for discussion and criticism , see here , here , and here ) .
The standard line among libertarian proponents of the Fourteenth Amendment and its use by the federal courts as a tool to oversee and strike down “ unconstitutional ” state laws is that the Privileges or Immunities Clause is the proper basis for some sort of incorporation ; but that the Supreme Court , in the 1873 Slaughter - House Cases inappropriately eviscerated the P - I clause , preventing its use for applying the Bill of Rights against the states .
Thus , when the Court was ready to start incorporating rights against the states , the Court had to contort the Due Process clause to do the job the P - I clause was meant for ( using the ridiculous idea that , in addition to “ procedural due process ” , there is also “ substantive due process ” –funny , I would have thought due process is , well , procedural ) .
In any event the libertarian “ incorporationists ” urge that the P - I clause ( “ No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States “ ) should be “ revitalized ” to better legitimize expanded federal power over the states ( see here , here , and here ) .
But these libertarians accept the basic tenet of the pro-incorporationists , that the Fourteenth Amendment gives the federal government power to regulate and supervise the states with regard to a broad array of rights .
They are of the view that “ privileges or immunities ” refers to a broad set of rights , such as the various fundamental rights express or implied in the Bill of Rights .
But does it ?
As Thomas notes , there has been a tremendous amount of debate about what “ privileges or immunities ” means , from Charles Fairman and Raoul Berger , on the anti-incorporation side , to William Crosskey , Michael Kent Curtis , and others ( and various libertarian incorporationists ) on the pro-incorporation side .
What is striking about this article is that Thomas is no radical decentralist libertarian .
He is a respected , mainstream law professor and constitutional scholar .
In fact , he is personally “ convinced that a plausible case can be made that Congress intended incorporation of most of the rights in the first eight amendments . ”
Despite this , he does not think the case has been made that this is the legal meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment .
As he writes , “ although many scholars have confidently claimed overwhelming historical evidence for , or against , incorporation , I am not in that camp .
The evidence is sketchy , inconclusive , and subject to various plausible interpretations .
The riddle will not go away because no one has solved it . ”
He gives several persuasive reasons ( one of which concerns the Twitchell case , discussed separately below in an appendix ) for his view .
He basically agrees with pro-incorporationist Bryan Wildenthal that because the states had to ratify the Fourteenth Amendment before it took effect , there has to be “ fair notice ” to the states “ of the intended meaning before ratification binds the states to that meaning . ”
That is , “ One must be satisfied that Congress ‘ clearly , publicly , and candidly conveyed to the country ’ – the entire country , not just the East Coast–its intent to impose the first eight amendments on the states . ”
But as Thomas notes , even Wildenthal “ concedes that evidence of ‘ any strong public awareness of nationalizing the entire Bill of Rights ’ is ‘ vague and scattered . ’”
Therefore , thomas himself “ remain [s ] unsure if there is enough evidence to show a clear communication to the states and the country . ”
I ’ll discuss below in a bit more detail some of Thomas ’s reasons behind his conclusion ( or lack of conclusion ) , which is :
I do not claim that the evidence presented here settles the question .
History cannot settle all questions , and I believe the Fourteenth Amendment riddle is one of them .
Fairman and Berger do not persuade that history settles the incorporation question in the negative .
Crosskey , Curtis , Amar , Wildenthal , and others , do not persuade that history settles the question the other way .
It turns out that the Fourteenth Amendment riddle can be conclusively solved using existing evidence only by a magician ’s parlor trick .
Writers who claim that history settles the incorporation question … become magicians who distract the reader while they quietly put into place the presumptions that will provide clear proof .
Even Wildenthal , whose work I greatly admire , eventually retreats to what is close to a “ plain text ” presumption .
Now unburdened of any agenda , I can expose the trick for what it is .
All efforts to solve the Fourteenth Amendment riddle to date have , alas , failed .
I come to my main point .
If it is true that , at best , the Fourteenth Amendment does not clearly grant to the feds a host of new powers–and even if there are arguments for it ( as Thomas himself leans toward ) , it is clear that there is no such clear grant–then it does not grant them .
Just as we interpret serious agreements strictly , and against the drafter ; just as we require formalities and writings for serious matters ( such as living wills , sales of real estate , and so on ) , so a wide grant of power to the central state , in the context of a decentralist Constitution where the states historically jealously guarded their sovereignty , must be clear and expressly written to take effect .
In other words , the central state should not be allowed –as a matter of constitutional or libertarian norms –to legitimately shift the balance of power away from the states , and toward itself , by vague and ambiguous wording that it itself drafted .
As Thomas notes ,
To accomplish the seismic shift necessary to reverse Barron requires both clarity of expression and a public communication of the change ….
The Court in The Slaughter - House Cases said that to read Section 1 broadly would “ radically change [ ] the whole theory of the relations of the State and Federal governments to each other and of both these governments to the people . ”
So even if some libertarians would like the Fourteenth Amendment to have clearly incorporated the Bill of Rights–it simply did not do so .
Maybe some , like Bingham , wanted it to .
But he was unable to get his way .
As Thomas explains ,
The Thirteenth and Fifteenth Amendments accomplished even more fundamental seismic shifts in other tectonic plates that had undergirded our government , to be sure , but the wording of these amendments is crystal clear .
Not so for Section 1 of the Fourteenth .
It could have been crystal clear if Bingham had added a simple clause , as follows : “ No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States , including those defined in the first eight amendments to the Constitution . ”
Lacking that kind of clarity , we need more evidence than just the intent of the drafter .
We want to know that the country intended to put Congress and the federal courts in charge of ensuring that the states follow the Bill of Rights .
Alas for the centralists , the evidence is lacking .
And wishing does not make it so .
Twitchell
Thomas also discusses an illuminating Supreme Court case , Twitchell v. Commonwealth , decided only a year after the Fourteenth Amendment was ratified .
In this case , a Pennsylvania state death case , “ Twitchell claimed that Pennsylvania failed to follow the Sixth Amendment command that he be informed of ‘ the specific nature of the accusation , so as that he might be enabled to prepare for a defence , ’ and that the failure to comply with the Sixth Amendment meant that the warrant for his execution was ‘ not a due process of law . ’
In a unanimous opinion written by Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase , the Court refused to reach the merits of the appeal because it lacked jurisdiction to hear a case from a state court about the scope of the Fifth and Sixth Amendments . ”
Thomas argues that this case is very good evidence that an “ incorporationist ” meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment was not known at the time of its ratification , for otherwise , this argument would have been raised and addressed here .
Quoting a few selections from Thomas here :
We are to believe that the Court knew that the Sixth Amendment was now part of the Fourteenth but refused to connect the dots for the lawyer who based his argument on the wrong Due Process Clause .
And then , according to Amar and Wildenthal , the Court affirmed Twitchell ’s death sentence because his lawyer forgot to say , “ Oh by the way , the Sixth Amendment applies to the states through the Fourteenth . ”
The sheer inhumanity that this argument entails is reason enough to reject it and conclude , instead , that the Court was not aware of incorporation theory .
…
Why did the Court not know about incorporation ?
Members of the Court had the opportunity to mingle with members of Congress much more then than today .
The Court met in the Old Senate Chamber , which was next to the chamber where the Senate debated the Fourteenth Amendment .
Four of the Justices roomed at the National Hotel , where four Senators and seven Representatives also roomed .
Would something as visible and important to the future of the country as Section 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment not have come up in informal conversations ?
If it did , we must assume that the Bingham - Howard view was not widely held , not discussed , or , again , that the Twitchell Court was aware of incorporation and chose not to mention it .
If Section 1 was not a topic of informal conversation between justices and congressmen , it is hard to believe that the public discourse was informed by the theory of incorporation . …
The one inference that we can draw from Twitchell with certainty is that Twitchell ’s lawyer , William Wheeler Hubbell , did not mention incorporation .
…
Hubbell argued in 1869 that the Sixth Amendment applied directly to the states , expecting to lose , because he thought he had no good argument .
But that necessarily means that he did not understand the Fourteenth Amendment to make the Bill of Rights binding on the states .
And if a constitutional theorist who had promoted the concept of incorporation did not share Bingham ’s understanding , it is unlikely that the members of the Court would have had even an inkling about what Bingham was attempting to do .
…
The truth is that no one on the Twitchell Court understood the Fourteenth Amendment to incorporate the Sixth .
The great clarity about incorporation that Amar believes ran , like water , through the halls of Congress did not seep into the Old Senate Chamber .
Crosskey concedes this much , noting the “ rather shocking , but by no means unique , indication of the inalertness of the men who composed the Court of the period . ” …
Amar signals the weakness of his argument here .
After dismissing Twitchell as having no significance for the incorporation debate , Amar drops a footnote that begins , “ Twitchell is perhaps explicable as an unthinking reflection of the notion that Section 1 would have its main application in the Southern states . ”
But if the Supreme Court that sat in the same building as Congress indulged “ unthinking reflection ” that Section 1 did not generally incorporate the Bill of Rights , or was “ inalert ” to this possibility , how are we to believe that the state legislatures knew of incorporation ?
Thomas also notes that :
The answer is simple : They Aren't .
Ok , prepare yourselves for a bit of a rant ...
I am so over reading message boards where touris ...
Since moving to Normandy in December 2011 , I 've had a dozen or so readers ask if we 've found the cost of living in the north of Fr ...
Despite a fair number of websites and message boards out there in Internet Land , I receive several emails every month from Americans who are ...
The cost of living in France is a subject that continues to be of interest to my readers , so I thought it was time to update my Cost of ...
I do n't want to be the one to crush people 's dreams .
Really , I do n't .
But when I get emails from people asking , " Do I r ...
Monthly Archives September 2020 ( 1 ) August 2020 ( 1 ) May 2020 ( 1 ) April 2020 ( 4 ) March 2020 ( 2 ) February 2020 ( 3 ) January 2020 ( 4 ) December 2019 ( 6 ) November 2019 ( 4 ) June 2019 ( 1 ) April 2019 ( 2 ) March 2019 ( 1 ) December 2018 ( 1 ) May 2018 ( 1 ) March 2018 ( 2 ) January 2018 ( 1 ) November 2017 ( 1 ) October 2017 ( 2 ) September 2017 ( 1 ) August 2017 ( 2 ) July 2017 ( 2 ) June 2017 ( 3 ) May 2017 ( 3 ) April 2017 ( 5 ) March 2017 ( 4 ) December 2016 ( 1 ) November 2016 ( 1 ) September 2016 ( 1 ) August 2016 ( 3 ) July 2016 ( 3 ) June 2016 ( 1 ) May 2016 ( 2 ) April 2016 ( 1 ) March 2016 ( 4 ) February 2016 ( 1 ) January 2016 ( 2 ) December 2015 ( 6 ) November 2015 ( 1 ) September 2015 ( 2 ) August 2015 ( 3 ) July 2015 ( 4 ) June 2015 ( 3 ) May 2015 ( 2 ) April 2015 ( 3 ) March 2015 ( 4 ) February 2015 ( 3 ) January 2015 ( 4 ) December 2014 ( 5 ) November 2014 ( 3 ) October 2014 ( 4 ) September 2014 ( 3 ) August 2014 ( 6 ) July 2014 ( 3 ) June 2014 ( 5 ) May 2014 ( 6 ) April 2014 ( 12 ) March 2014 ( 9 ) February 2014 ( 3 ) January 2014 ( 5 ) December 2013 ( 5 ) November 2013 ( 6 ) October 2013 ( 8 ) September 2013 ( 5 ) August 2013 ( 6 ) July 2013 ( 9 ) June 2013 ( 9 ) May 2013 ( 8 ) April 2013 ( 8 ) March 2013 ( 12 ) February 2013 ( 11 ) January 2013 ( 11 ) December 2012 ( 17 ) November 2012 ( 15 ) October 2012 ( 12 ) September 2012 ( 9 ) August 2012 ( 7 ) July 2012 ( 10 ) June 2012 ( 15 ) May 2012 ( 22 ) April 2012 ( 13 ) March 2012 ( 6 ) February 2012 ( 9 ) January 2012 ( 6 ) December 2011 ( 11 ) November 2011 ( 16 ) October 2011 ( 13 ) September 2011 ( 9 ) August 2011 ( 11 ) July 2011 ( 11 ) June 2011 ( 15 ) May 2011 ( 15 ) April 2011 ( 13 ) March 2011 ( 10 ) February 2011 ( 12 ) January 2011 ( 15 ) December 2010 ( 10 ) November 2010 ( 6 ) October 2010 ( 8 ) September 2010 ( 7 ) August 2010 ( 9 ) July 2010 ( 10 ) June 2010 ( 9 ) May 2010 ( 11 ) April 2010 ( 12 ) March 2010 ( 19 ) February 2010 ( 10 ) January 2010 ( 22 ) December 2009 ( 22 ) November 2009 ( 20 ) October 2009 ( 19 ) September 2009 ( 12 ) August 2009 ( 23 ) July 2009 ( 25 ) June 2009 ( 19 ) May 2009 ( 28 ) April 2009 ( 33 ) March 2009 ( 34 ) February 2009 ( 23 ) January 2009 ( 44 ) December 2008 ( 49 ) November 2008 ( 44 ) October 2008 ( 45 ) September 2008 ( 40 ) August 2008 ( 47 ) July 2008 ( 41 ) June 2008 ( 47 ) May 2008 ( 45 ) April 2008 ( 42 ) March 2008 ( 45 ) February 2008 ( 36 ) January 2008 ( 43 ) December 2007 ( 44 ) November 2007 ( 35 ) October 2007 ( 51 ) September 2007 ( 48 ) August 2007 ( 45 ) July 2007 ( 50 ) June 2007 ( 19 ) May 2007 ( 18 ) April 2007 ( 18 ) March 2007 ( 15 ) February 2007 ( 15 ) January 2007 ( 24 ) December 2006 ( 18 ) November 2006 ( 11 ) October 2006 ( 7 ) September 2006 ( 6 ) August 2006 ( 3 ) July 2006 ( 2 ) May 2006 ( 1 ) April 2006 ( 1 ) March 2006 ( 1 ) February 2006 ( 1 ) January 2006 ( 1 )
“ We do not believe that it would cause a serious problem , but if property prices fall some more , it wo n’t be the only sector that has problems , ” he said .
Real estate difficulties pose a dilemma for China ’s leaders because they coincide with a two - thirds drop in share prices on the Shanghai stock market since the market ’s high last October .
The two together could produce a negative effect , causing Chinese consumers to feel poorer and to reduce spending .
The most recent national data from the government shows that the average price for all residential and commercial real estate was 7 percent higher in July than a year earlier .
But brokers across China say that within that period , prices peaked in many markets  either at the end of last year or at various times this year  and have slid since .
The stocks of real estate developers have plunged , too .
China Vanke , the country ’s biggest publicly traded developer , reported on Tuesday that its sales had plummeted in August by 35 percent from a year earlier .
The real estate decline is affecting ordinary Chinese , too .
Perhaps most consequential is the emerging view , apparent on blogs and in interviews , that apartments and houses , like shares on the declining Shanghai stock market , are no longer a certain path to prosperity .
Lin Bin , a 48 - year - old insurance saleswoman who lives in Guangzhou , said the 1,000 - square - foot , three - bedroom apartment she bought here in 2002 was still worth more than she paid in 2002 .
But she said she had lost two - thirds of the $ 4,400 she put into the stock market a year ago and worried that the housing market might be next .
“ I ’m not contemplating buying a second home as an investment because I hear that stock market and housing prices will continue to fall through next year , ” she said while shopping recently .
Part of the problem is a severe credit squeeze .
Through last winter , China ’s central bank repeatedly raised the amount of capital it required Chinese commercial banks to deposit with it .
The goal was to slow bank lending and control inflation .
The commercial banks responded by continuing to lend to big corporate customers , most of them state - owned or at least state - controlled , while reining in other lending .
The most controversial presentation at the Kansas City Fed ’s annual symposium came from London School of Economics professor Willem Buiter .
And it was n’t just because his academic paper , distributed in advance to participants , came in at 118 pages ( or 146 including references and charts ) .
Mr. Buiter slams the Federal Reserve , European Central Bank and Bank [… ]
The plan , which is still being hammered out with Congress , raises a number of red flags .
First and foremost , unlike the process then , there ’s no accompanying re-regulation of the financial services industry .
Read Treasury 's Fact Sheet on Bailout
Wall Street May Manage Own Bad Debt
" We educated ourselves enough — we were able to build a competent structure , ” says Donald Riegle , who chaired the Senate ’s Banking Committee at the time .
" We built a legislative package that worked quite well .
Firrea ( Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act ) included creation of a regulator as well as the RTC . ”
Though history shows the S&L crisis was resolved successfully , there was considerable skepticism about the FIRREA law , the new regulator it created , the Office of Thrift Supervision , and the bailout entity , the Resolution Trust Corp. , at the time of their creation .
It also wound up costing less than many expected .
In the current rescue plan , the absence of regulatory reform is no small matter , given the size of the problem and the complexity of investment instruments today .
For Investors
“ It is n't just a question of the clean up , ” says Riegle , now chairman of APCO Worldwide 's government relations team .
“ You have to figure out how this happened and how you keep it from happening again .
What are the standards for the future ? "
The regulatory and oversight shortcomings also illustrate the federal government ’s patchwork approach to the problem prior to the more draconian bailout package .
The Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , Fannie Mae-Freddie - Mac , AIGcases were also handled differently .
Former S&L regulator and White House economist Lawrence
White says that in the current environment if federal money is going to be at risk then the government needs regulatory tools to limit exposure , what he calls a safety - and - soundness regime for investment banks .
“ Minimal capital requirements , limitations on activities that may be too risky , managerial competency requirements , and clear powers of receivership for an insolvent institution , ” says White , now a professor at NYU 's Stern School of Business .
In the S&L crisis , the government had those powers , before and after the bailout legislation , and are considered a key part of the success .
U.S. must charge or release Reuters Iraq cameraman : CPJ
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. military must charge or immediately release a Reuters cameraman detained in Iraq , the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Monday .
Ali al - Mashhadani , who also works freelance for the BBC and Washington - based National Public Radio , was detained in Baghdad on July 26 while he was in the Green Zone government compound for routine checks for a U.S. military press card .
U.S. forces have detained Mashhadani before .
No charge has ever been filed against the cameraman , who is based in Ramadi , the capital of western Anbar province .
" This is the third time U.S. forces have detained Ali al - Mashhadani without charge , " said Robert Mahoney , deputy director of the New York - based press rights group .
" The military has never substantiated any wrongdoing by him .
The authorities must make evidence against him public or release him immediately , " said Mahoney .
Reuters and the BBC have urged the U.S. military to immediately release Mashhadani or produce evidence to justify his detention .
A U.S. military spokesman has said Mashhadani was being held at Camp Cropper , an American prison near Baghdad 's airport , because he " has been assessed to be a threat to the security of Iraq and coalition forces . "
The spokesman said Mashhadani 's case will be reviewed this week .
The military contends that under the U.N. mandate governing the presence of foreign forces in Iraq it can detain anyone considered a security risk indefinitely .
U.S. forces previously detained Mashhadani in August 2005 after troops became suspicious of film and photographs of the Sunni Arab insurgency then raging in Anbar that they found on his cameras while searching his home in Ramadi .
He was held until January 2006 .
Mashhadani was also detained for two weeks in mid-2006 .
Mahoney is a former Reuters correspondent and editor who joined the CPJ in 2005 .
( Reporting by Michelle Nichols )
Claim : A Michigan professor sent an e-mail telling Muslim students to leave the country .
CORRECTLY ATTRIBUTED
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , 2006 ]
Hooray for Michigan State University ( The Spartans ) and Professor Wichman !!!
Well , what do we have here .
Looks like a small case of some people being able to dish it out , but not take it .
Let ’s start at the top .
The story begins at Michigan State University with a mechanical engineering professor named Indrek Wichman .
Wichman sent an e-mail to the Muslim Student ’s Association .
The e-mail was in response to the students ’ protest of the Danish cartoons that portrayed the Prophet Muhammad as a terrorist .
The group had complained the cartoons were “ hate speech . ”
Enter Professor Wichman .
In his e-mail , he said the following :
Dear Moslem Association :
As a professor of Mechanical Engineering here at MSU I intend to protest your protest .
I am offended not by cartoons , but by more mundane things like beheadings of civilians , cowardly attacks on public buildings ,
suicide murders , murders of Catholic priests ( the latest in Turkey ! ) , burnings of Christian churches , the continued persecution of Coptic Christians in Egypt , the imposition of Sharia law on non-Muslims , the rapes of Scandinavian girls and women ( called “ whores ” in your culture ) , the murder of film directors in Holland , and the rioting and looting in Paris France .
This is what offends me , a soft - spoken person and academic , and many , many , many of my colleagues .
I counsel you dissatisfied , aggressive , brutal , and uncivilized slave - trading Moslems to be very aware of this as you proceeded with your infantile “ protests . ”
If you do not like the values of the West — see the 1st Amendment — you are free to leave .
I hope for God ’s sake that most of you choose that option .
Please return to your ancestral homelands and build them up yourselves instead of troubling Americans .
Cordially , I. S. Wichman , Professor of Mechanical Engineering
Well !
As you can imagine , the Muslim group at the university did n’t like this too well .
They ’re demanding Wichman be reprimanded and mandatory diversity training for faculty and a seminar on hate and discrimination for freshman .
How nice .
But now the Michigan chapter of CAIR has jumped into the fray .
CAIR , the Council on American - Islamic Relations , apparently does n’t believe that the good professor had the right to express his opinion .
For its part , the university is standing its ground .
They say the e-mail was private , and they do n’t intend to publicly condemn his remarks .
That will probably change .
Wichman says he never intended the e-mail to be made public , and would n’t have used the same strong language if he ’d known it was going to get out .
How ’s the left going to handle this one ?
If you ’re in favor of the freedom of speech , as in the case of Ward Churchill , will the same protections be demanded for Indrek Wichman ?
I doubt it .
Hey folks , send this to everybody and ask them to do the same and tell them to keep passing it around till the whole country gets it .
We are in a war .
You can have personal finance articles such as this one delivered directly to your email , automatically - Receive regular updates via email .
Alternatively , you can receive updates via your favorite RSS Reader - Alternatively , you can receive updates via your favorite RSS Reader - Receive regular updates via RSS Reader
I confess , I am an optimist .
Not a wide eyed and naïve one , rather I am a cautious optimist who tries to plan ahead for things .
Sadly , my optimism does someone lead me to underestimate things .
A recent study from the University of Southern California called “ Will I Spend More in 12 Months or a Year ?
The Effect of Ease of Estimation and Confidence on Budget Estimates . ” suggests I am not alone in letting optimism lead me to underestimate things , at least in the short term .
The research indicated that consumers had a tendency to be over - confident when making estimates for short - term budgets .
However , when making long - term budgets , consumers tended to be much more cautious in their estimates , as they acknowledge the greater potential for unexpected surprises .
The study does concede that monthly budgets function quite well for relatively predictable monthly bills , but when it comes to estimating more open - ended costs , our optimism can be our enemy .
Lead researcher Gülden Ülküman says , ‘ When budgeting , it seems to be wiser to assume that one ’s knowledge is unreliable . ’
What are the applications of this ?
Well , as a starting point , you might see budgeting software asking you questions to make you question your assumptions and feel less confident about the estimates you make when compiling a budget .
How can you make use of this knowledge ?
Well , to start with , let your inner pessimist come out and play when compiling a budget .
We ’re often taught that a negative attitude can cause us problems later on , but it appears that in this instance , pessimism is the winning strategy .
As an optimist , I hate to concede them the point , but it ’s hard to argue with science , especially when it matches what I have seen in the real world so very well .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : Budgeting , optimism , optimist , pessimism , pessimist , Psychology
Newman starred in some 60 films in a career that spanned 55 years
Oscar - winning film legend Paul Newman has died of cancer at the age of 83 .
The blue - eyed star of movies like Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid died in his Connecticut home on Friday , surrounded by family and close friends .
A statement from Newman 's family said : " His death was as private and discreet as the way he had lived his life . "
His Butch Cassidy co-star Robert Redford paid tribute , saying : " There is a point where feelings go beyond words ... I have lost a real friend . "
SELECT FILMOGRAPHY
The Silver Chalice , 1955 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof , 1958 The Hustler , 1961 Hud , 1963 Cool Hand Luke , 1967 ( pictured ) Rachel Rachel ( director ) , 1968 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , 1969 The Sting , 1973 The Towering Inferno , 1974 Absence of Malice , 1981 The Verdict , 1982 The Color of Money , 1986 Nobody 's Fool , 1994 Road to Perdition , 2002 Cars ( voice ) , 2006
The star 's five daughters praised their father 's " selfless humility and generosity " in a statement released to the press .
" Paul Newman played many unforgettable roles , " they said .
" But the ones for which he was proudest never had top billing on the marquee : Devoted husband , loving father , adoring grandfather , dedicated philanthropist . "
In Los Angeles , flowers were to be placed on Newman 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame as the Motion Picture Association of America hailed his " extraordinary career . "
Retired
The iconic actor starred in some 60 films in a career that spanned five decades .
He was nominated for an Academy Award 10 times - but it took him 33 years to win one , picking up the best actor trophy for The Color Of Money in 1987 .
In May 2007 , Newman said he was giving up acting because he could no longer perform to the best of his ability .
" I 'm not able to work any more ... at the level that I would want to , " he told US broadcaster ABC .
" You start to lose your memory , you start to lose your confidence , you start to lose your invention .
" So I think that 's pretty much a closed book for me . "
Earlier this year , he pulled out of directing a stage production of John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men in Connecticut because of unspecified health problems .
' Extraordinary man ' Eulogies for the star have poured in from friends and colleagues around the world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More tributes to Paul Newman Sam Mendes , who directed Newman in 2002's Road To Perdition , said the actor was " an extraordinary man in every respect " .
The thing I remember the most about him is his total lack of ego and his lack of entourage and his lack of hangers - on . "
Film star George Clooney said : " He set the bar too high for the rest of us .
Not just actors , but all of us . "
Oscar - winner Kevin Spacey added : " Paul Newman was a great , humble giant .
The star won a total of three Oscars " " He used his success to help others and did it without wanting a lot of credit .
" He should be an example to everyone in the acting profession because he seemed to have had his ego surgically removed . "
Hit films
Although his handsome looks and piercing blue eyes made him an ideal romantic lead , Newman often played rebels , tough guys and losers .
" I was always a character actor , " he once said .
" I just looked like Little Red Riding Hood . "
His movies included Cat On A Hot Tin Roof , The Hustler , The Sting and Hud .
YOUR MEMORIES
His humour , charm , cleverness and above all his humanity could never be copied
Felicity Wood , London , UK
Send your tributes to Paul Newman Along the way , he worked with some of the biggest names in Hollywood - including Alfred Hitchcock , Robert Altman , Martin Scorsese , Elizabeth Taylor , Lauren Bacall and Tom Hanks .
He also appeared with his wife , Joanne Woodward , in several films including Long Hot Summer and Paris Blues .
The star later directed his wife in movies such as Rachel , Rachel and The Glass Menagerie .
But his most famous screen partner was undoubtedly Robert Redford , his sidekick in both Butch Cassidy and The Sting .
In addition to his Academy Award for best actor , he was given an honorary Oscar in 1986 " in recognition of his many and memorable compelling screen performances and for his personal integrity and dedication to his craft " .
Newman became a professional racing driver and took second place at Le Mans in 1979
In 1994 , he picked up a third Oscar , the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award , for his charitable work .
His philanthropic efforts included the establishment of summer camps for children who suffered from life - threatening illnesses .
He also donated profits from his Newman 's Own food range to a number of charitable organisations .
Newman 's last film role was as the voice of Doc Hudson , one of the most famous racing cars in history , in the Pixar animation Cars .
It was perhaps a fitting epitaph for the actor , who had a lifelong fascination with the sport - and put his film career on hold in the 1970s to become a professional racing driver .
He is survived by his wife , five children , two grandsons and his older brother Arthur .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
But they did not speak again until Sunday last week when Senator McCain called her to discuss the job .
A private jet carrying Governor Palin landed in the desert town of Flagstaff on Wednesday night while speculation mounted that Senator McCain was on the verge of choosing a more prominent name .
Later that night , she held talks with top McCain aides Steve Schmidt and Mark Salter in a ‘‘ safe house ’’ – the home of a friend of the Republican candidate .
The next morning , Governor Palin was driven to the McCain ranch in nearby Sedona .
There she first met CindyMcCain before her husband formally offered her the vice - presidential slot as they chatted on the deck .
It was just their second meeting in person .
Governor Palin and an aide flew later on Thursday with the two McCain lieutenants to Ohio , where they checked in to a hotel as the ‘‘ Upton family ’ ’ , while Senator McCain made his way publicly to the key battleground state .
She was quietly joined by her husband Todd , a part - Eskimo oil worker , commercial fisherman and champion snowmobile racer and four of their five children – her three daughters and baby son .
The girls were told that they were travelling to Ohio to celebrate their parents ’ 20th anniversary .
Just an hour before the rally on Friday , she texted her eldest son Track , who enrolled in the US Army on last year ’s sixth anniversary of the September 11 attacks , and told him to switch on the TV .
Even her parents were in the dark .
Mr Palin , who is currently a stay - at - home father known in Alaska as the First Dude , called his in - laws as they set off for a weekend caribou hunt and suggested they watch the news instead .
Governor Palin ’s selection and speech went down a storm with the 10,000 McCain supporters gathered in an arena inDayton for their first joint appearance .
The newdouble act is also campaigning in the swing states of Pennsylvania and Missouri before heading to Minneapolis for the likely start of the Republican convention tomorrow .
Democratic strategists believe that Senator McCain has chosen a ‘‘ Dan Quayle ’ ’ – a reference to the inexperienced and gaffe - prone number two selected by the first president Bush in an effort to enliven his own reputation .
Barack Obama , the Democratic nominee , will ask his former rival Hillary Clinton to step up her campaign appearances to shore up his support among women in blue - collar rural areas , where Senator McCain hopes to gain thanks to his pick of a selfdescribed anti-abortion feminist .
Governor Palin , 44 , certainly has a compelling life story .
A former high school basketball star and beauty queen , she broke into public life on the Parent Teachers Association in the small town of Wasilla and subsequently became a local councillor and thenmayor .
She unseated the Republican incumbent to become governor less than two years ago .
And if the Republicans win the general election in November , she will be just the proverbial heartbeat away from replacing Senator McCain , a 72 - year - old cancer survivor .
She is a lifetimemember of the National Rifle Association who was first taken moose hunting as a girl .
She also supports the teaching of creationism alongside evolution in schools .
Both Republican and Democratic Party officials believe that the next few days will be crucial in determining whether Senator McCain ’s pick will be seen as a masterstroke that transformed his prospects or a dangerous gamble that backfired .
Senator Obama ’s chief strategist , David Axelrod , said that SenatorMcCain had made a cynical tactical selection rather than choosing someone whose credentials he knew first hand .
He confirmed that the campaign is in talks with Senator Clinton about the frequency of her campaign events .
‘‘ We want her to do asmuch as she is willing to do .
She ’s a great spokesperson for us and for change . ’’
Paul Begala , the architect of Bill Clinton ’s victory in 1992 , said Senator McCain ‘‘is not thinking outside the box , as some have said , more like out of his mind . ’’
He added : ‘‘ It is irresponsible .
He is 72 years old and he has had cancer four times and he wants to put a woman he met once a heartbeat away from the presidency .
Eight of our 43 presidents have died in office . ’’
But Democrats have to walk a fine line or risk being accused of sexism , a charge that cost them against Senator Clinton .
Senator Obama moved quickly last Friday and issued a joint statement with his running mate Joe Biden , congratulating Governor Palin , calling her ‘ ‘ a compelling person with a terrific personal story ’’ .
Some Democrats were immediately unnerved by Senator McCain ’s boldness .
Although Governor Palin ’s evangelical beliefs are unlikely to appeal to Senator Clinton ’s liberal urban feminist base , they could go down well with working - class rural voterswho overwhelmingly backed the former First Lady in the primaries .
Former Republican White House aide Jim Nuzzo said : ‘‘ She answers the concern the Republican base had with McCain .
She ’s going after blue - collar workers and Hillary supporters .
They ’re the two groups that will decide this election . ’’
The Sunday Telegraph
Here is a download for a UML Cheatsheet I made for my UML presentation this week .
It ’s released under this creative commons license .
When I ’m done with the slides , I will post them here as well .
Update :
Here are the slides .
View more presentations from Lou Franco .
MMR was the biggest science story in years - and a hoax .
The scientist who started it faces the GMC , but who will hold the media to account ?
" If you can you report an individual but nobody is going to give their name and address .
If you know where that person lives you can say you know who it is but other than that you do n't . "
At the Centennial , we heard a presentation from Mark DuVall of the Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) who discussed the relationship between the Volt and the power grid .
Also presenting were GMs energy director Brita Gross and Volt vehicle line executive Frank Weber .
If was pointed out that daily charging of the Chevy Volt will increase the typical single family home electric usage by about 25 % .
The electric draw is less than that of a refrigerator / freezer or central air conditioning system .
If one takes peak charging rates of 80 cents / day , to drive 15,000 miles / year will work out to around $ 292 in total fuel costs .
At off peak rates from ¼ to ½ of that it is possible to drive 15,000 miles per year for $ 73 .
Furthermore the electric grid has ample capacity to handle this car .
In fact Mr. Duvall stated that 10 million E - REVs will use less than 1 % of the US electric grids total capacity .
And to answer one of the questions asked on this site , Version I of the Volt will not require data exchange to or from the utility company for charging .
Also aside from the financial benefits , there are obviously tremendous benefits to the country of not having to use imported fossil fuels , but being able to drive using the diverse portfolio of energy sources , coal , nuclear , natural gas , and renewables that our electric grid is powered through .
I soon got used to this singing , for the sailors never touched a rope without it . . .
Some sea captains , before shipping a man , always ask him whether he can sing out at a rope .
– Herman Melville , Redburn
It ’s the 19th century .
You ’re a young man seeking adventure and a test of your manhood .
You decide to sign up on a ship to see exotic foreign lands .
You take the trip to the coast .
You find a big coastal town and you walk through the docks admiring the ships .
Finally , you spot one that you like .
You walk on deck and a tall man dressed in black coat confronts you .
It ’s the captain .
“ What do you want lad ? ”
“ I want to sign on board sir , ” you say .
He looks you up and down , and says “ Aye .
But first I need to give you a test . ”
You ’re not worried .
You were expecting this and , in fact , hoping for it .
You want to show the captain what you can do .
After all , you were always the strongest out of all your friends .
You could climb up any rock or tree since you learned how to walk .
And you also knew a bit about navigation from your grandfather .
You were eager to show what a great addition to the crew you ’d make .
“ How well can you sing ? ” the captain asks .
Wooden Ships and Iron Men
Sea Shanties were work songs sung on ships during the age of sail .
They were used to keep rhythm during work and make it more pleasant .
Because these songs were used to accomplish a goal , rather then for pure entertainment , the lyrics and melody were not very sophisticated .
Still , the songs were usually meaningful and told of a sailor ’s life , which included backbreaking labor , abuse from captain and crew , alcohol , and longing for girls and dry land .
A typical shanty had a call - and - response format .
One sailor ( a shantyman ) would call out a verse , to which the rest of the sailors would respond in unison .
The work would occur usually on the last syllable of the response or some other cue .
An example can be found in the movie Moby Dick :
Shantyman : Our boots and clothes are all in pawn Sailors : Go(pull ) down ye blood red roses , go ( pull ) down .
Shanties were divided into several categories , named after the work they were used for .
There were long haul shanties and short haul shanties for long and short rope pulling .
There were windlass shanties for pumping out water ( all wooden ships leaked to some extent and water would have to be pumped out regularly ) , and capstan shanties for raising and lowering the anchor .
There was also a fifth kind of sailor song , which was n’t really considered a true shanty because it was not used for work .
Foc’sle , forecastle or forebitters were songs sung after the work was over .
They were named after the sailor ’s living quarters , where they would gather around to drink and sing wild ballads .
For the purpose of the article I ’m including a few of them as shanties .
The categories were n’t set in stone and sailors would often borrow songs and change the melody and rhythm to suit their work .
It seems the only rules regarding sea shanties were that the songs talking about life at sea were sung on the outward part of the journey , and songs talking about coming home and dry land were sung while the ship was homeward bound .
Today , not many people know about the existence of sea shanties .
They are usually sung at sea festivals and pirate shows .
You can sometimes hear them in movies about the sea , such as Master and Commander and Moby Dick .
But the true tradition of shanties ended with the age of sail .
The 10 Manliest Sea Shanties
1. Blow the Man Down
A very popular halyard shanty among modern shantymen .
The Spongebob Squarepants theme is a variation of this tune .
The version sung on ships usually told about a policeman accusing a sailor of being a black baller and the insulted sailor knocking the policeman down and ending up in jail .
The modern version usually tells a story about a sailor meeting a pretty young damsel .
The title and chorus refer to the abuse sailors endured on the ships of the Black Ball line .
2. Roll the Old Chariot
A capstan shanty of African - American origin .
The song told about the indulgences sailors dreamed of partaking once they came on shore .
It was very easy to add lyrics to it , and so individual sailors would list things they loved most that “ would n’t do them any harm .
” The line , “ A drop of Nelson ’s blood would n’t do us any harm , ” refers to Horatio Nelson whose body was put in a casket of brandy following his death at the battle of Trafalgar .
3. The Coasts of High Barbary
This one was a forecastle song .
Originally an English song , it was later rewritten by American sailors to tell about a victorious battle with pirates disguised as another ship .
The pirates pleaded for mercy but the sailors gave them no quarter .
4. Spanish Ladies
This is the song that you can hear in Master and Commander and Jaws .
It was a capstan shanty sung on homeward bound journeys .
The lines “ we ’ll rant and we ’ll roar like true British sailors , we ’ll rant and we ’ll roar along the salt seas , ” might as well have been a battle cry .
The verse “ we ’ll drink and be jolly and drown melancholy , ” perfectly describes the sailor ’s recipe for a bad mood .
5 . The Bonny Ship The Diamond
This was a forecastle song telling a true story about whaling ship The Diamond which was lost at sea in 1819 .
Whaling in the age of sail was perhaps the most dangerous job a man could do .
Sailors were required to kill the biggest creature on earth from a rowboat .
The frost and winds and hard work alone were enough to make sure that only the toughest men signed up for the job .
6. Rolling Down to Old Maui
Another whaling forecastle song .
This one featured a sweet melody which reflected the melancholy of tired sailors .
It told about coming home from a whaling trip and describes leaving behind the hardships of hunting for whales .
7. Blood Red Roses
A halyard shanty about going around Cape Horn to whale .
Rounding Cape
Horn was one of the toughest tasks in the age of sail because of the strong and unfavorable winds in the area .
There is some speculation as to what “ blood red roses ” is referring to .
Some people say it ’s a name for the Royal British marines who wore a red uniform .
Others say it ’s referring to whale ’s blood on the surface of the water .
8. Fiddler ’s Green
A forecastle ballad .
Fiddler ’s Green is sailors ’ and fishermen ’s version of heaven .
A place where there is no work , where you have a mug of beer that refills itself , and there are pretty ladies dancing to a sound of fiddle that never ends .
The idea of Fiddler ’s Green was taken from an old Irish legend and adapted by sailors because at sea the dying did not have the chance to get properly anointed and therefore did not have the chance to enter Christian heaven .
9. Lowlands
A very sad capstan shanty ( although it was probably sung more often in the forecastle ) .
As with all shanties , there are many versions , but the basic story is that the sailor dreams about his love and in that instant he knows that she has died .
There are versions where it ’s the sailor ’s girl that dreams about the sailor .
Some versions are more elaborate and include sailors seeing red roses on his girl ’s body as a symbol of blood , wet hair as a sign of drowning , and so on .
In some versions after the death of a sailor the girl cuts her hair so that no other man will find her attractive .
10 . Haul Away Joe
A short haul shanty .
Another popular shanty among modern shantymen .
It contains , in my opinion , the best two lines of any shanty or sea song : “ When I was a little boy my mother always told me …
That if I did not kiss the girls , my lips would grow all moldy . ”
The rest of the song usually tells about the sailor ’s adventures with women of different nationalities until he finds one that ’s “ just a daisy . ”
Sea Shanties in the Movies
Master and Commander Shanties
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Greenland , the planet ’s other motherlode of ice after Antarctica , was believed too massive to seriously melt anytime soon .
But this northernmost land on Earth experienced record ice losses between 2002 and 2006 , as much as 60 cubic miles yearly , enough to swell global sea levels by 0.08 inches annually .
In 2007 , bad got worse , and Greenland lost an area of ice equivalent to more than twice the surface - size of the United States .
More worrying even than the numbers are the mechanisms .
Snow melted and refrozen at high elevations becomes four times more absorbent to thermal energy than unthawed snow .
Such high - altitude melt increased 150 percent above the average in Greenland in 2007 .
At lower elevations , researchers discovered a startling correlation between warming air temperatures and , a mere two weeks later , thawing underneath Greenland ’s glaciers .
“ This indicates that the meltwater from the surface must be travelling down to the base of the ice sheet , through over a mile of ice , very rapidly , ” says Dorothy Hall of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center .
Once there , meltwater lubricates the rate of flow of the glaciers and of icebergs calving into ocean — the recipe for a shrinking glacier .
Until recently , the default explanation for the Arctic amplification was albedo — the phenomenon of white snow reflecting heat outward , dark earth or water absorbing it , with more melting leading to more heating in a dangerous positive feedback loop .
However , a recent analysis published in Nature by Rune Graversen of Stockholm University finds that heating at ground level in the Arctic is less severe than what occurs 1.25 miles aloft , making albedo a less likely factor .
He suggests that warm air from the tropics is being stormed north via an increasing number of ( likely climate - change - induced ) hurricanes , accounting for up to 25 percent of the Arctic amplification .
Which begs the question of whether southern hemisphere tropical cyclones are transporting thermal energy towards Antarctica — the supposedly impregnable ice citadel ?
Peter Gibson ( aka Roadsworth ) began painting the streets of Montreal in the fall of 2001 .
He was motivated by a desire for more bike paths in the city and a questioning of “ car culture ” in general .
In the fall of 2004 , Roadsworth was arrested for his nocturnal activities and charged with 53 counts of mischief .
Despite the threat of heavy fines and a criminal record he received a relatively lenient sentence which he attributes in part to the public support he received subsequent to his arrest .
Since that time , Roadsworth has received various commissions for his work and continues to be active in both visual art and music .
Old - growth forests remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere1, 2 at rates that vary with climate and nitrogen deposition3 .
The sequestered carbon dioxide is stored in live woody tissues and slowly decomposing organic matter in litter and soil4 .
Old - growth forests therefore serve as a global carbon dioxide sink , but they are not protected by international treaties , because it is generally thought that ageing forests cease to accumulate carbon5,6 .
Here we report a search of literature and databases for forest carbon - flux estimates .
We find that in forests between 15 and 800 years of age , net ecosystem productivity ( the net carbon balance of the forest including soils ) is usually positive .
Our results demonstrate that old - growth forests can continue to accumulate carbon , contrary to the long - standing view that they are carbon neutral .
Over 30 per cent of the global forest area is unmanaged primary forest , and this area contains the remaining old - growth forests7 .
Half of the primary forests ( 6 × 108 hectares ) are located in the boreal and temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
On the basis of our analysis , these forests alone sequester about 1.3 ± 0.5 gigatonnes of carbon per year .
Thus , our findings suggest that 15 per cent of the global forest area , which is currently not considered when offsetting increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations , provides at least 10 per cent of the global net ecosystem productivity8 .
Old - growth forests accumulate carbon for centuries and contain large quantities of it .
We expect , however , that much of this carbon , even soil carbon9 , will move back to the atmosphere if these forests are disturbed .
" We do not need to know the exact identity of bloggers .
We need some credentials , a quality mark , a certain disclosure of who is writing and why .
We need this to be able to trust and rely on the source , " she said .
Smartmatic Co-Founder , Employee , and Shareholder Dead After Both Engines on Small Plane Reportedly Failed Just After Takeoff
News Follows Reports by The BRAD BLOG Concerning the Venezuelan Firm's Continuing Control Over Beleaguered American E-Voting Outfit , Sequoia Voting Systems ...
Brad Friedman Byon 5/2/2008 , 2:24 pm PT
A small plane , carrying the co-founder of Venezuelan voting machine company Smartmatic , crashed earlier this week shortly after take - off from the Caracas airport , killing two employees of the company , and several others on board and on the ground .
The initial reports from a foreign paper indicated that the cause of the crash may have been the unusual failure of both engines on the small plane .
Smartmatic has been named as a subject in several recent , exclusive , investigative reports here at The BRAD BLOG , surrounding questions of the Venezuelan firm 's apparent continuing control over the American e-voting company , Sequoia Voting Systems .
Reports of Monday 's crash also indicate that several highly - placed Venezuelan officials were , interestingly , among the first to respond after the plane crashed .
Here 's the lede from yesterday 's English - language coverage in the Miami Herald :
Voting system creator dies in plane crash A founding partner of the Smartmatic voting system , headquartered in Boca Raton , was killed this week in Venezuela when a private plane he was traveling in plummeted into a home near the Caracas airport .
Alfredy Jose Anzola Jaumotte , 34 , one of the creators of the voting system program , died at an area hospital Tuesday .
Also killed in the accident were the pilot , Mario Jose Donadi , a convicted drug - trafficker in both the United States and Venezuela ; Smartmatic employee Eduardo Ramirez and two residents of the home that was struck by the falling aircraft at about 10 a.m. Monday
.
Smartmatic is the once - owner and --- as a very recent series of investigative reports from The BRAD BLOG has revealed ( see , most notably : here , here and here ) --- the still - controlling parent company to Oakland / Denver - based Sequoia Voting Systems , which is currently amidst a hostile takeover imbroglio with competitor Hart InterCivic of Austin , TX .
Despite claiming to have sold Sequoia to a management - led buyout team last November , and thus divested of all control of the company under pressure from an investigation by the U.S. Treasury Departments Commission of Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) , our recent exclusive investigative reports here have revealed that Smartmatic still holds direct and / or indirect control over several key aspects of Sequoia 's operation , including ownership of the intellectual property ( IP ) rights for Sequoia 's voting machines and tabulator software , and the right to negotiate where Sequoia may or may not compete in foreign markets ...
Smartmatic also controls the $ 2 million loan note used by the former management team , calling themselves SVS Holdings , Inc. , to purchase Sequoia from Smartmatic last year .
That purchase effectively ended the CFIUS investigation which had been looking into the ties of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ' government in the ownership and control of Sequoia , which currently owns some 20 % of the American " election industry " market .
Court documents unearthed during the course of our reporting , also reveal that Smartmatic will continue to retain licensing rights over Sequoia software whether or not Hart takes over the company , or even if SVS Holdings is able to stave off the takeover .
The cash poor owners of SVS / Sequoia are currently scrambling ( so far unsuccessfully ) to find financing partners prior to May 15th , when the deal with Hart --- or SVS , if they are able to match Hart 's proposal --- is scheduled to close .
El Universal 's Spanish - language coverage of the small plane crash which killed Smartmatic 's co-founder indicated that the pilot of the small plane had radioed back to the airport that one engine had failed , just minutes after takeoff .
Though he signaled his intention to circle back for an emergency landing , he did not issue an SOS call .
El Universal 's report , as translated for The BRAD BLOG by a Spanish - speaking colleague , who also happens to be very familiar with the Smartmatic / Sequoia story , included a graf charging :
Other sources in the investigation revealed that the first clues suggest the plane lost its second motor while returning to the Maiquetía international airport .
A few more key points of note from El Universal 's coverage , as translated by our colleague , beyond the matter of the reported second engine failure :
Also killed were Mario Donadi , the plane 's pilot , passenger Eduardo Ramírez ( 59 ) , of the Finance Department of Smartmatic and the shareholder of that company Alfredo Anzola , co-pilot of the plane , who died last night before being transfered to Caracas .
...
" It was seen that the [ Venezuelan ] Interior Minister Ramón Rodríguez Chacín rushed to the [ hospital ] to check on the status of the co-pilot , Alfredo Anzola , who apparently is a relative of his .
Our colleague also notes that , " other news reports say that Jorge Rodriguez , the former head of the electoral commission and former vice president of Venezuela , also visited the hospital . "
Such reports would seem to underscore the close relationship that Smartmatic continues to have with the government of Venezuela , even while Smartmatic retains such important control over the software , intellectual property , and financial business of Sequoia Voting Systems here in the United States .
Last week ,
The BRAD BLOG reported that Sequoia / SVS CEO and President Jack Blaine announced to employees during a company - wide conference call , convened to answer questions after our initial exclusive report of the attempted hostile takeover of Sequoia by Hart ( still unreported by any other media source , beyond ComputerWorld where we ran a short , greatly condensed version of our report ) that his company does not have claim to the intellectual property of Sequoia 's e-voting systems .
" It does n't matter really whether we have the IP or not , " Blaine told his employees during the call .
" I did n't particularly want the IP , " he admitted , when discussing the terms of last year 's still - confidential purchase agreement between SVS and Smartmatic for " ownership " of Sequoia .
Sequoia currently controls some 20 % of the election industry in the United States , while the attempted takeover of the company by Hart InterCivic , which controls some 8 % of that market , would create a new e-voting powerhouse in this country , second only to Omaha - based Election Systems and Software , Inc. ( ES&S ) .
In related news , as Blaine is increasingly panicked over the impending hostile takeover , while he and other company executives in Denver frantically seek financing to save themselves ;
The BRAD BLOG has learned from several sources that Sequoia 's recently hired general counsel , and head of human resources , Lina George , abruptly resigned this week .
We 've not yet been able to learn the reasons given for her departure .
Company VP , part - owner , and spokesperson Michelle Shafer , the only one officially allowed to speak with the media , according to a recent email missive she sent to all employees following one of our recent reports , continues to refuse to answer our queries .
The BRAD BLOG will continue to follow developments , and expects to have still more exclusive news on this matter next week .
slashed in now available starting at just $ 5 !
Prices nowin The BRAD BLOG 's Fund Drive !
Please support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool new collector 's edition Premium products
Fox business analyst : Serving the common good is ' un - American ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday July 15 , 2008
Print This Email
This Both presidential candidates have been telling audiences recently that it's a good thing to devote themselves to a cause greater than themselves .
Fox Business Channel analyst Jonathan Hoenig , however , thinks otherwise .
Hoenig , a managing partner of the hedge fund Capitalistpig Asset Management LLC and the author of Greed is Good , given a platform on the Murdoch - owned channel Monday , considers it a terrible idea .
" It was Thomas Jefferson who once said that public service and private misery are inseparably linked , " Hoenig told the hosts of Fox & Friends , referring to a letter in which Jefferson expressed a concern near the end of the Revolutionary War that 13 years of public service had left his private affairs in " great disorder . "
" There is a belief now , " Hoenig went on , " that individuals , especially young people , should essentially ... ' devote themselves ' to something greater than themselves -- sacrifice their own wants , their own interests , to serve the common good , whatever they happen to believe it is at the time .
To me , that 's very un-American . "
Hoenig denied that there is any such thing as the " common good " beyond what a politician might say it is .
" I just do n't think it 's the role of the government , " he complained , " to have me tutoring young kids if I do n't want to or digging latrines if I do n't want to or cleaning up trash at housing projects . "
Even when asked about the value of military service , Hoenig insisted that " people who serve in the military do so voluntarily , and I think they do so out of their own self - interest .
They do so because they want to attack and kill a militant Islam .
They do it very selfishly . "
" Would we have been better served if Bill Gates had joined the Peace Corps during college ? "
Hoenig asked .
" This country 's prosperity has come from people looking and serving their own self - interest . "
" We 're in this culture of altruism now which worships self - sacrifice . "
Hoenig concluded scornfully .
" Anything you do for yourself is bad .
Any time you sacrifice your own wants or desires to help someone else , well that 's inherently good .
I just think there 's something unbelievably un-American about that .
People should pursue their own wants . "
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast July 15 , 2008 .
Download video
The Scientology cult is once again to blame for an act of callous disregard for worker safety ; indeed , for workers ’ very lives .
Once again , the scandal involves the cult ’s 440 foot luxury ocean liner “ Freewinds . ”
In this case , we have obtained some new and very disturbing information about the cult ’s efforts to keep secret the extent to which their ship was contaminated with highly carcinogenic blue asbestos .
Readers may recall that the Freewinds was locked down for two months , beginning in late April 2008 , by port authorities in Curaçao , after they found extensive contamination with blue asbestos , the most dangerous form of asbestos .
( Eventually , they were somehow cleared to depart . )
We have now learned more about the circumstances in which this blue asbestos was discovered .
It turns out that early in 2008 , the cult had hired a firm to completely strip out the Freewinds ’ interior , and re-fit it with new furniture , carpets , paneling , and everything else to make it luxurious and beautiful .
This firm , Nordica Engineering of Florida , had done other work on the Freewinds before .
Nordica hired 240 workers from Poland to come and perform this remodeling .
Now it has been revealed that it was during this remodeling process that port authorities detected the asbestos , and shut everything down .
First , a bit of a re-cap about Scientology ’s knowledge of this blue asbestos .
Thousands of Scientologists , including numerous celebrities , have taken tax - deductible Caribbean cruises on Freewinds over the past 20 years , and all of them are at risk for lung cancer caused by exposure to this blue asbestos .
Top leaders of the Scientology cult were informed of the pervasive contamination back in 1987 , but chose to do nothing .
Until the 1960s , when the Freewinds was built , blue asbestos was often used in shipbuilding ( it was not known at the time to be so carcinogenic ) .
Former Scientologist Lawrence Woodcraft , a licensed architect by profession , supervised interior remodeling work on the ship in 1987 when the cult first purchased it .
According to a legal affidavit made after Woodcraft left the cult in 2001 , Woodcraft had notified Scientology officials immediately about the widespread blue asbestos and the dangers it posed .
The response he received was that he should carry on with the work , and leave the asbestos where it was .
Since Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard had never mentioned that asbestos was dangerous , they were not going to worry about it .
Scientologists believe that disease is caused not by microbes or toxic substances , but by the presence of " suppressive persons " ( SPs ) , or people who disagree with Scientology and its goals .
Moreover , Scientologists believe that high - level “ OT ” members can not get cancer or any other disease .
Today , Astra Woodcraft , daughter of the architect Lawrence Woodcraft , and one of the founders of the Ex-Scientology Kids message board , made the following post on an “ Enturbulation ” message board : === ( begin quote from Astra ) == =Today I found out some very interesting , in - depth and somewhat shocking news in regards the Freewinds .
In early 2008 , a contract was made between Scientology and a company out of Miami called Nordica Engineering .
This contract was for approximately $ 18 million and was for the work of completely stripping the Freewinds , and then re-fitting with new furniture , carpets , wiring , etc.
Nordica Engineering brought in approximately 240 workers from Poland who slepts on board the Freewinds in cabins until they were moved to a camp after 1 1/2 months .
Nordica Engineering was given no warning or information in regards blue asbestos or other asbestos panelling on the Freewinds .
Apparently , in addition to the blue asbestos which is sparyed on all over the Freewinds , a lot of the panelling on the Freewinds was made with asbestos .
A giant container at the dock in Curacao was filled with approximately 70 tons of asbestos , whereabouts now unknown .
The work proceeded until April 2008 when the Freewinds was sealed due to asbestos contamination at the drydock in Curacao .
Nordica Engineering has apparently not been fully paid and is owed upwards of approximately $ 3.5 million .
A separate company was brought out from Florida to clean up the asbestos at a cost of approximately $ 2 million .
Some of the asbesots was removed , some encapsulated , but apparently there is still loose asbestos on - board .
The ship is now in Aruba ( due to Curucao drydock being booked ) but will be brough back to drydock in Curacao in November to finish up work and get its DNV certification .
Nordica Engineering appears to have been misled or outright lied to in regards the asbestos situation .
There are 240 workers from Poland who have apparently been following the story about the Freewinds online .
They are in possession the the affidavit that my dad , Lawrence Wooodcraft wrote back in 2001 in regards the asbestos he saw on the Freewinds in 1987 .
They have been majorly exposed to this asbestos , sleeping on - board while the work was being done and now they are , from reports , very upset to say the least .
Nordica Engineering is apparently still negotiating with Scientology executives Sue Price and Bob Wright , hoping to receive payment but it seems unlikely .=== ( end quote from Astra ) ===
In brief , Scientology never told Nordica Engineering about the blue asbestos ; Nordica hired 240 foreign workers to remove contaminated materials ; they removed 70 tons of itbefore the ship was quarantined ; and now the cult refuses to pay Nordica Engineering .
( Memo to Nordica :
That 's what happens when you do business with criminal cults .
Scientology is notorious for running out on its bills . )
It is not yet clear what the next move will be ; optimally , Nordica would bring the Polish workers into the coming lawsuit as fellow plaintiffs .
Should Nordica and the workers prevail , the European Union and the USA may be able to seize the cult 's assets in Europe and North America .
Scientology is much more than just a weird and wacky Hollywood fad , in which celebrities make fools of themselves and provide material for gossip magazines .
Beyond its status as a " religion " in the USA , which it obtained through a secret deal with the Internal Revenue Service , and which give it extraordinary benefits not permitted to any other group , Scientology is also a multinational criminal racket .
The average person would be shocked to learn the amount of influence Scientology wields , mostly due to blackmailing and intimidation of government officials .
Scientology 's primary goals are to " clear the planet " and to " obliterate " the mental health profession , replacing it with Scientology .
They are prepared to do this by any means necessary , and are adept in using their many front groups to portray the cult as concerned humanitarians .
They are NOT concerned humanitarians .
Indeed , according to L. Ron Hubbard , critics of Scientology are to be considered " fair game , " and " may be deprived of property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline of the Scientologist .
May be tricked , sued or lied to or destroyed .
" Thousands of people around the world are currently engaged in activism to make Scientology accountable for its human rights abuses , fraud , and many other forms of criminality .
To join them , please visit http://www.xenu.net
http://www.youfoundthecard.com , and http://www.enturbulation.org
SEE ALSO : Previous Indybay coverage of the Scientology cultAstra Woodcraft 's post on EnturbulationEx - Scientology KidsEnturbulation : Help us to systematically dismantle the Scientology criminal cultScientology Critical Information Directory : Lawrence , Astra and Zoe WoodcraftAffidavit of Lawrence Woodcraft regarding Scientology 's longtime knowledge of the blue asbestos
Astronauts Andrew Feustel ( foreground ) , Michael Massimino and John Grunsfeld , all STS - 125 mission specialists , take a moment for a photo during a training session in the middeck of one of the full - scale trainers in the Space Vehicle Mockup Facility at NASA 's Johnson Space Center while preparing for the final Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission .
NASA 's astronaut corps has long been a symbol of American exploration and drive , but as the agency turns 50 the cadre of U.S. space explorers faces some difficult challenges in the years to come .
With NASA 's 50th anniversary approaching on Oct. 1 , its astronauts today are looking ahead at the looming 2010 retirement of the agency 's aging space shuttle fleet and at least a four - year gap before the replacement spaceship — the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle — takes flight with spaceflyers aboard .
There is even worry that NASA astronauts wo n't have rides to the International Space Station during the hiatus unless the agency gets a vital waiver to buy seats aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft after 2011 .
It 's enough to give some veteran astronauts food for thought on what the future holds for them beyond the shuttle , while others remain committed to the long - duration missions that will be the only available rides until NASA renews manned lunar treks by 2020 .
" One of the things that you 're seeing now is exactly what happened with Apollo , " said Roger Launius , a former NASA historian and senior curator with the Division of Space History at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum in Washington , D.C. " As people began to see that program wind down literally … astronauts were beginning to leave the corps . "
NASA 's Astronaut Office is doggedly working to preserve its base of experienced spaceflyers and planning to swell its ranks with a new group of up to 15 astronauts in summer 2009 .
" We 'll certainly have people retire as they get older , and they decide to go off and do another career .
We 'll see a lot of that happening , " said four - time shuttle flyer Steve Lindsey , chief of NASA ’s Astronaut Office .
" What I do n’t want to see is us hit 2010 and all of our experience walk out the door . "
There are about 90 astronauts on NASA 's flight roster today , with less than six still waiting for that first assignment to a space - bound crew , Lindsey told SPACE.com .
Somewhere between 10 and 15 new astronauts may join up in the new class , though the actual number remains to be seen , he added .
" One of my objectives is to get everyone in the office flown by 2010 , " Lindsey said .
" And my current projection is we 're going to be easily able to do that . "
The goal , he said , is to ensure NASA 's astronaut corps is as experienced as possible before the shuttle fleet retires and ready to withstand the departure of retiring spaceflyers , yet still retain enough veterans to lead the incoming 2009 class of astronaut candidates .
" They said the astronaut office may decrease in size from 90 to about 60 , " said astronaut biographer Michael Cassutt , author of " Who 's Who in Space . "
The drop , Cassutt added , would follow a similar pattern to that seen during the Apollo - shuttle transition .
Heavy decisions
While some short missions are expected during Orion test flights , the majority of post - shuttle spaceflights will be long - duration expeditions to the International Space Station and , ultimately , the moon .
But the years of training for those flights , which include long trips to Russia and other countries , can be challenging for families at home .
" I think a lot of people in our office are looking into their hearts to see if they want to stay on , and if they stay on do they want to fly long duration missions , " said astronaut Mike Fincke , who is training for his second six - month station flight as Expedition 18 commander this fall .
" I know for me , that this is definitely where I want to be and hopefully I 'll be able to get back in at the end of that long line and back up . "
To make long - duration spaceflights more palatable , NASA is working with its international partners to streamline space station training wherever possible , Lindsey said .
That includes assigning astronauts to prime crew slots before they 've ever served on a backup team , then folding their backup training in as part of their primary mission preparations , he added .
" We 've been able to reduce the training template , the amount of time from assignment to launch , " Lindsey said , adding that the training flow should now typically run about 2 1/2 years .
But some veteran astronauts have already taken their leave , such as last month 's retirement of teacher - astronaut Barbara Morgan and the May departure of spacewalker James Reilly , II , who left the corps after three spaceflights , five spacewalks and 13 years at NASA
" I had three excellent flights and three great teams , " said Reilly , adding that NASA astronauts had a challenge ahead in crossing the gap between shuttle and Orion .
" I look backward on that , and we had a lot more folks that needed to fly and I had done everything that I had pretty much thought I could do as an astronaut . "
Echoes of the past
NASA 's astronaut corps has faced gaps in U.S. spaceflights before , most notably between the Apollo era of the late 1960s and 1970s and the 1981 debut of the space shuttle Columbia .
" When you think of a whole cadre of people whose basic objective is to fly in space and do particularly useful work in space , as many of us did , that 's a long time to wait around and spin your wheels , " said former NASA astronaut Owen Garriott , who retired from spaceflight in 1986 .
Garriott joined the agency as one of the first six scientist - spaceflyers in 1965 , flew to the U.S. space station Skylab aboard an Apollo capsule in 1973 , then worked and waited for 10 years before flying aboard the shuttle Columbia in 1983 .
During the gap between Apollo and shuttle , he took time off to teach and got involved in early development work for what would evolve into the International Space Station among other assignments .
" So I think that that might very well be what some of the current number of astronauts [ will do ] , " Garriott said .
" There 's plenty of work to do .
I 'm sure NASA will assure them of that . "
The real challenge for NASA , stressed Launius , will be to maintain the right balance of astronaut skills to meet demands for the fading shuttle program and rising Orion project , as well as the proper mix of veterans and new flyers .
The road ahead
NASA 's astronaut corps has changed since the first seven U.S. spaceflyers were announced in April 1959 .
Its members have shifted from steely - eyed rocket test pilots to a diverse group of men , women , military pilots , engineers and scientists , and the trend will likely continue .
" It is going to change the culture in several ways .
There will be much less emphasis in high performance piloting , " said Cassutt , adding that the switch stems from NASA 's move from a winged reusable spaceship to capsule craft .
Gone too is some of the perceived competition among today 's astronauts , who during the shuttle era could expect ongoing launches as opposed to the limited number of Mercury , Gemini and Apollo flights earlier in the program , Cassutt said .
And access to space is getting easier by the year .
" The system exists where you can write a check and go to space , you just have to pass the physical , " said Cassutt .
" In essence , you 're seeing something that is a little bit like the end of an era . "
Garriott is among the first to concede Cassutt 's point .
His grown 46 - year - old son Richard , a multi-millionaire computer game developer , is paying $ 30 million to ride a Russian Soyuz spacecraft to the International Space Station under a deal brokered by the Virginia - based firm Space Adventures .
Richard Garriottwill be the sixth private citizen to pay his way to the space station since 2001 .
But despite the changing nature of the astronaut corps , it will likely retain the camaraderie and teamwork that has governed its tight - knit crews and their exploits , astronauts said .
" I really miss the people , " Reilly said .
" I look back on those 13 years as being the best 13 years of my life . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President George W. Bush said on Friday that government intervention was necessary to solve the problems roiling the financial markets , calling it a “ pivotal moment for America ’s economy . ”
“ We must act now to protect our nation ’s economic health , ” Bush said , after plans were unveiled to address financial institutions ’ toxic mortgage debt .
“ Given the precarious state of today ’s financial markets and their vital importance to the daily lives of the American people , government intervention is not only warranted , it is essential , ” he said at the White House .
Bush said it was important to address the root cause behind market instability , adding that the United States needed a program to buy illiquid assets from banks and other financial institutions .
“ America ’s economy is facing unprecedented challenges , and we are responding with unprecedented action , ” Bush said .
He said it was important that Congress pass legislation quickly without adding on “ controversial provisions that could delay action . ”
Earlier , U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson called for a rescue plan of hundreds of billions of dollars to tackle financial market turmoil and said that this was the best long - run hope of saving taxpayers money .
“ This is a decisive step that will address underlying problems in our financial system , ” Bush said .
“ It will help take pressure off the balance sheets of banks and other financial institutions .
It will allow them to resume lending and get our financial system moving again . ”
Way back in the 80’s I had a Commodore Amiga 1000 as a home computer .
While there was much that was amazing about that machine , it was tedious to write code on — with one 800 k byte floppy disk and a multi pass compiler and linker , it took what seemed like ages to edit - compile - run .
It was like wading in molasses .
Meanwhile , at work I used DEC microvaxes running Ultrix , and Sun workstations running SunOS , and they were very sprightly .
Editing large files with emacs was comfortable , compiling C code was quick , and shell and awk scripts ran fast enough that you did n’t even have to write C unless you had a really big data set to process .
In fact , it was almost more comfortable to dial in to work at 2400 baud and use a terminal session on my microvax than to use the Amiga for developing C code .
This was not the Amiga ’s fault .
With the limited hardware , it could n’t be any faster .
Add hard disks , more RAM , floating point hardware , and it would have been as responsive as a Sun workstation , but it also would have cost as much .
Things changed around 1990 when I bought a 40 MHz AMD 386 based PC with 120 M byte hard disk .
Initially running Coherent , then Linux , I finally had a home computer that was as comfortable as my work computer .
With an add on IIT floating point coprocessor , my 386 system at home was entirely as responsive as the Sparcstation IPC on my desk at work .
And as hardware improved with time , things got even better both at home and at work .
With ample computing power , you only got slowed down on serious problems .
Most of the time it felt like you were jogging comfortably through the problems , and this happy situation continued until recently .
But now , again , I feel the molasses oozing around my knees , slowing me down and resisting my stride .
How can it be , that with GHz multi- core processors , Gigabytes of RAM , hundreds of Gigabytes of disk , and megabit per second interfaces , the computing experience is anything but instantaneous ?
Recently , I have had to make relatively intensive ( I mean all day long ) use of some software that runs only on Microsoft Windows .
This is really unpleasant .
The most unpleasant thing is the poor responsiveness of the system , in particular the irregular time lag between clicking on something and activity occurring .
Sometimes things take 1/2 second , sometimes 5 seconds .
Sometimes , after a 5 second wait , you think maybe the first click was n’t seen , so you click again , only to find the first action was actually seen , it ’s just that the lag was unusually long , so now you have 2 instances open .
It is not the hardware , or the system configuration .
The problem is the completely shoddy software ( from operating system up to application ) , and in particular , the way it is structured .
The problem sets are much larger today than they were 20 years ago , and I know we use interpreted languages with bigger runtimes , and garbage collection , etc , etc .
That is not the problem .
Modern hardware is more than up to the task .
I am still impressed when I run a large program written in python that it runs in a matter of seconds .
And then I can rewrite one module in C , wrap it with swig , and get something that runs in milliseconds .
This hardware is FAST .
The problem is the software architecture .
If you insist on making a GUI application , then you must design the software architecture so that the user interface is responsive , even when something time consuming like network access or serious computation is involved .
If I click on some button to start an action , and a dialog must pop up to ask for some input , then it should pop up quickly every time .
I wo n’t mind if the action sometimes takes 20 seconds or sometimes 25 seconds , but it will break my stride if I have to wait some varying amount of time for the dialog to pop up .
This problem is so common on Windows software — sometimes you click the File menu and that takes several seconds to come up .
On microsoft windows , most software is like this .
On linux , firefox and open office are like this .
I find these programs quite unpleasant to use .
Meanwhile emacs , which people used to deride for bloat — Eight Megs and Constantly Swapping — well , eight megs is basically cache memory now .
Sure , emacs has bloated somewhat over time , but it is still a pleasure to use .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Thanks for the e-mails .
Feel free to write if you have something to add .
Here 's one response :
I do n't think you 're wrong regarding anything you wrote , but , in focusing on Palin ( Vice Presidential candidate ) , we run the risk of missing the real point : this is about McCain .
Palin represents a massive flaw in McCain 's judgment and executive capabilities , and ignoring this in favor of playing rhetorical whack - a- mole with a know - nothing is neither robust nor inquisitive on the part of the media .
I am utterly convinced now that McCain picked Palin solely to act as a lightning rod for the media , to dodge responsibility for his smears and gaffes .
In that respect alone , he demonstrated good sense .
Continuing to give him what he wants here is no better than showing " deference " to Palin in order to score interviews .
I take the point .
McCain 's lies are now as frequent and as obvious as Palin's , and I will focus , as I have , on McCain 's dreadful cynicism , dishonor , and dishonesty .
But I do think Palin 's record in its totality , including her family , is relevant in one very important respect .
She is McCain 's first presidential - level decision .
If he did not vet her in any real way , and if the vetting missed a critical fact about her , or if she was asked , as every vetted candidate is asked , whether there is anything potentially embarrassing out there about her and she said no , and that is not true , then the questions about her family life and public record matter .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
BAGHDAD — Ali Abdul Jabbar , an Awakening commander in the Adhamiya neighborhood , sat tautly in a battered green armchair at his headquarters early Wednesday afternoon , waiting for the Iraqi Army to come and try to arrest him .
His men — armed with Kalashnikov rifles , ammunition pouches hanging from their chests — guarded the door , prepared to defend him if the army arrived .
Other members of the Awakening Council , one of the Sunni - dominated citizen patrols backed by American forces here , lounged around the room , drinking Pepsis and observing a one - day strike called in protest of Mr. Jabbar ’s rumored status as a wanted man .
But a few hours later , the atmosphere appeared to have calmed .
Mr. Jabbar and an Iraqi Army captain stood in front of the neighborhood ’s Abu Hanifa mosque , shaking hands and exchanging mutual expressions of support and friendship .
The strike was called off .
And the warrant was forgotten , if it had ever existed ; the captain told Mr. Jabbar it had never been issued .
The escalating events of the morning , and the abrupt turnaround by midafternoon , offered a vivid illustration of the mounting tensions between the Awakening Councils and Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki ’s government , which is mainly Shiite .
American and Iraqi officials have said that the Iraqi government will take full control of the Awakening patrols in and around Baghdad on Oct.
1 .
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez on Thursday gave the U.S. ambassador 72 hours to leave the oil - rich South American country , saying the measure was a show of support for Bolivia .
Bolivian President Evo Morales expelled the U.S. ambassador from La Paz on Wednesday , accusing him of instigating violent protests in the Andean nation .
The Bush administration responded by expelling Bolivia ’s top envoy from Washington .
artnet Magazine News Reviews Features Books People Videos Horoscope Newsletter Spencers Art Law Journal
Subscribe to our RSS feed :
ART MARKET WATCH
May 15 , 2008
SOTHEBYS CONTEMPORARY DOES $ 362 MILLION
Say one thing about the record - setting auction of 83 lots of contemporary art at Sothebys New York on the evening of May 14 , 2008 -- it was l - o - n - g .
But no matter .
Ever since the original Rambo movie in 1982 , like the films hero John Rambo , your correspondent has been " trained to ignore pain . "
Long ?
That sale wasnt long .
Make it longer .
One hundred lots , 120 lots , go ahead , its all the same to me .
Say one thing about the record - setting auction of 83 lots of contemporary art aton the evening of May 14 , 2008 -- it was l - o - n - g .
But no matter .
Ever since the originalmovie in 1982 , like the films hero , your correspondent has been " trained to ignore pain . "
Long ?
That sale wasnt long .
Make it longer .
One hundred lots , 120 lots , go ahead , its all the same to me .
... more
David Letterman Rants About John McCain Cancellation ( Video )
seemed a tad upset about 's last minute cancellation so he could return to Washington to work on the economic crisis .
“ This does n’t smell right , ” Letterman quipped .
“ This is not the way a tested hero behaves .
Somebody ’s putting something in his Metamucil . ”
The late night host 's rant did n't end with the opening monologue .
When MSNBC host Keith Olbermann took the couch , Letterman learned McCain was getting ready for an interview with CBS new anchor Katie Couric at the very moment he was supposed to be taping the show with him .
With a live feed from Couric 's interview on the screen , Letterman said , “ He does n’t seem to be racing to the airport . "
After listening to some questions from Couric , Letterman said , “ Hey , John , I ’ve got a question : You need a lift to the airport ? ”
Asking Olbermann if he thought this was all McCain ’s fault , or whether other factors had come into play , the MSNBC host replied , " I think he ditched you . "
View video of Letterman 's McCain rant below .
James ,
It appears that the previous answers were all conjecture and guesses .
So I decided to put your question to the test .
I have now consumed 3 Jack and sodas ( not wanting a soft drink to be a variable in this experiment ) and smoked and big fatty of a joint ( say 3 / 4 of one ) and right now I feel fan - freakin ' - tastic ....
Now ,
If you will allow me to let the effects wear off in say 2 - 3 hours and then let me modify my answer I will give you the results of the after effects .
by the way I did have just a wee bit of editing to do from the loss of fine motor skills but hey right now I really do n't give a crap .
LMAO !!
ps Capitalization and punctuation do n't count .
later
Ok ..I 'm back ..
Here are my findings ....
It 's been 3 1/2 hours since I finished ingesting both the alcohol and the marijuana .
I no longer feel the intensity of either chemical .
I feel no nausea , but I have a slight headache , probably some dehydration from the alcohol .
I have some minor eye irritation which is obviously from the pot .
And I can type again .
( yea fingers ! )
As your question asked ...
Do I feel like crap ?
Not in the least .
I do n't even have a major case of the " munchies " , but I could eat .
Now , for my own experiment ....
I 'm gonna spark up the roach that was left behind from the earlier experiment and then see how many White Castle " sliders " I can wolf down before I puke ........ Ain't science great ????
Sayonara Sweet - cakes
Sept. 24 , 2008  -- Barack Obama has seized the reins of economic discontent , vaulting over John McCain 's convention gains by persuading voters he both better understands their economic troubles and can better address them .
Concerns about the economy have spiked since the global financial crisis roiled the stock market and sparked a proposed government bailout .
Fifty - three percent of registered voters in this new ABC News / Washington Post poll call the economy the single most important issue in the election , up 12 points in two weeks to an extraordinary level of agreement .
Click here for a PDF with charts and full questionnaire .
The public is cool to the bailout itself , underscoring economic uncertainty .
Eight in 10 are worried about the economy 's future , half of them very worried .
Personal concern runs high as well ; six in 10 are worried about their family 's finances .
And 83 percent say the country 's seriously off on the wrong track , back within a point of its record high -- set just this June -- in polls dating to early 1970s .
All these work for Obama .
He 's recovered to a 14 - point lead over McCain in trust to handle the economy , and leads by 13 points specifically in trust to deal with the meltdown of major financial institutions .
Obama leads by more , 24 points , 57 - 33 percent , in better understanding the public 's economic problems .
Tellingly , after trailing by 17 points , he 's pulled even with McCain in trust to handle a major crisis .
And Obama holds wide margins in vote preference among likely voters most concerned about the economy .
More economic worry , plus an Obama lead among those who express it , spells a lead for the Democrat :
In a head - to - head - match - up he 's now supported by 52 percent of likely voters vs. McCain 's 43 percent , the first significant advantage for either candidate among likely voters in ABC / Post polls .
Add third - party candidates Ralph Nader and Bob Barr and it's essentially the same , 51 - 43 percent .
Obama Takes Lead Amidst Economic Worries
The contest has shifted from a 49 - 47 percent McCain - Obama race immediately after the Republican convention .
McCain 's bounce -- on individual issues and attributes as well as in overall preference -- is gone .
The immediate question for Obama :
Whether he can hang on to his newfound gains through the first presidential debate Friday night .
Attention to the contest , meanwhile , is remarkable .
Ninety - one percent of registered voters are following it closely , 55 percent " very " closely – both highs in ABC / Post polls dating to the 1988 presidential election .
Barack Obama Takes Lead , Reclaims ' Change ' Mantle
McCain progressed at his convention in part by encroaching on Obama 's mantle of " change , " invigorating his base , improving on enthusiasm and gaining ground among white women , a movable group all summer , by selecting Sarah Palin as his vice presidential running mate .
Those have faded .
In June Obama led by 32 points lead in " trust to bring needed change to Washington " ; McCain whittled that down to 12 points by Sept.
7 . Today it 's back to a 25 - point Obama advantage , 58 - 33 percent .
Palin 's favorability rating has been trimmed from 58 percent to 52 percent , falling farthest in a key swing voter group , white Catholics ; it 's also down notably among white college graduates , independents , moderates and white women .
The number of McCain supporters who describe themselves as " very enthusiastic " about his candidacy rose 18 points to 46 percent after his convention .
Today it 's subsided to 34 percent , while a steady and far greater number of Obama 's supporters remain very enthusiastic about their candidate , 62 percent .
In a related challenge , concern about the candidates ' age is up -- 48 percent , a new high , call it an important factor in their vote , and it hurts McCain :
Those who call it important favor Obama by 2 - 1 , 63 - 32 percent , compared with a 12 - point McCain advantage among those who do n't see his age as an issue .
Far fewer -- 16 percent , a new low -- say race is an important issue , and that view does not meaningfully impact vote preferences .
White Women Back to Even Support for McCain , Obama
Then there are white women .
They 've been a changeable group this year , shifting , for example , from +7 Obama to +11 McCain among likely voters from late August ( before the conventions ) to early September .
They 're back to a dead heat now , precisely where they were in mid-July .
But the fact that they 've backed McCain by as much as a 16 - point margin ( in June ) keeps them a group to watch .
There are other significant changes in key swing voter groups -- so identified because their allegiance swings and they 're big enough to make a difference .
White Catholics have shifted from a broad post - convention preference for McCain , 57 - 38 percent , to a dead heat .
Independents , likewise , from +10 for McCain two weeks ago to +14 for Obama now .
And married women , +11 for McCain Sept. 7 , are +5 for Obama now .
Among other changes , a swing to McCain in the Midwest -- a 54 - 43 percent McCain advantage Sept. 7 , also has been reversed ; Obama 's now up there , 53 - 40 percent .
McCain , Obama Presidential Contest Could See More Change
More change is entirely possible .
Seventeen percent of likely voters remain movable , meaning they have n't definitely made up their minds .
And movability peaks among some of the swing groups that indeed have been moving :
Twenty - eight percent of white Catholics , 25 percent of independents and 23 percent of Midwesterners are movable .
Some of their numbers have changed preferences ; some well could again .
Swing groups , however , have n't been the only ones to move .
There also have been sharp changes in voter preference among other groups , including postgraduates , independent women and non-evangelical white Protestants .
And it 's tightened among white men as well – 54 - 40 percent for McCain , compared with 62 - 34 percent after the conventions .
It 's the Economy ... Again
Among election issues , the economy is in the driver 's seat .
A near - unanimous 91 percent of likely voters say it 's in bad shape -- not so good ( 33 percent ) or poor ( 58 percent ) .
The distinction matters :
Among those who say the economy 's merely not good , McCain leads by 61 - 34 percent .
Those who say it 's poor favor Obama , 69 - 26 percent .
Other economic views cut similarly .
Among people who say the economy 's the most important issue , Obama leads by 61 - 35 percent ; their rising number , again , boosts him .
Among those who pick all other issues combined , McCain leads , 54 - 42 percent .
Obama leads by 61 - 35 percent among people who are worried about the economy 's future and by 73 - 22 percent among those who are very worried ; among those who are n't worried , McCain 's favored by 79 - 15 percent .
Similarly , those worried about their own family 's finances favor Obama by 2 - 1 ; not worried , McCain by 21 points .
In another measure , 51 percent of registered voters say the economy 's in a serious long - term decline , vs. 45 percent who say it 's " a normal downturn that will correct itself before too long . "
This was a little worse before the 1992 election – 56 - 37 percent .
It , too , strongly cuts to vote .
New Poll Finds Shift to Obama on Iraq , Honesty
The shift toward Obama is not limited to economic issues ; as he 's gained the upper hand on the pre-eminent factor , others have moved along as well .
McCain had led by 10 points in trust to handle the Iraq war ; now they 're essentially even ( Obama + 4 ) .
McCain 's 20 - point lead on terrorism is now an insignificant 4 points , the closest of the campaign .
And they 're now even in trust to handle international affairs , back to July 's result .
On personal attributes , Obama 's turned a scant 6 - point deficit on honesty and trustworthiness into an 11 - point advantage , while the two remain essentially even when it comes to who 's the stronger leader .
A shortfall continues for Obama in being seen as ready to serve as commander - in - chief of the military ; fewer than half , 48 percent , think he'd do that well , compared with 72 percent for McCain .
These are unchanged , as is the fact that more say McCain knows enough about world affairs to serve effectively ( 72 percent ) than say the same about Obama ( 56 percent ) .
Nonetheless still a majority says Obama passes that hurdle , similar to the 2000 election , when far more said Al Gore knew enough about world affairs ( 73 percent ) as said the same about George W. Bush ( 54 percent ) .
For Bush it was enough .
Race and the Race
A few more groups are worth a look .
Obama continues to enjoy nearly unanimous support from African - Americans , 96 percent , while McCain 's edge among whites is a slight 50 - 45 percent .
Obama continues to do best with under -30s , but the contest is a dead heat among seniors .
Among likely voters , Obama 's winning 77 percent of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents who 'd supported Hillary Clinton for the nomination .
That has n't changed , but nonetheless among all leaned Democrats Obama 's got 88 percent support , about even with McCain 's 87 percent from leaned Republicans .
Partisanship has not significantly changed .
Among registered voters 38 percent in this poll identify themselves as Democrats , 28 percent as Republicans and 29 percent as independents .
That 's very similar to what it was in the last ABC News / Washington Post poll -- 36-28-32 percent -- the previous one , and indeed the average all year , 38 - 28-30 percent .
What 's changed , instead , is the preference among independents , one of those swing voter groups to watch closely in the next 40 days .
METHODOLOGY : This ABC News / Washington Post poll was conducted by telephone Sept. 19 - 22 , 2008 , among a random sample of 1,082 adults , including an oversample of African Americans ( weighted to their correct share of the national population ) , for a total of 163 black respondents .
Results among the 916 registered voters surveyed have a 3 - point error margin ; among the 780 likely voters , 3.5 - points .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , PA .
Click here for a PDF with charts and full questionnaire .
PRNewswire
September 10 , 2008
WASHINGTON / PRNewswire -USNewswire via COMTEX / — Palo Alto Publishing will hold a press conference on September 11 , 2008 , at 9 AM at the National Press Club at 529 14th St. NW , Washington D.C. , to detail new information revealed since the release of the 9/11 Commission Report .
Entirely sourced from government reports , court documents , and the account of FBI Agent Ali Soufan , this analysis , never before fully detailed , shows that CIA officers , working through liaisons at FBI Headquarters , had repeatedly and criminally obstructed investigations that could have prevented the attacks on 9/11 .
This book details the numerous times the CIA interacted with the FBI .
In particular , the times lead FBI Cole investigator , Ali Soufan , made several official requests to the CIA : one through FBI Director Freeh , asking for any information the CIA had on an al Qaeda meeting in Kuala Lumpur and on Khallad Bin Attash , ( at that time thought to be mastermind on the Cole bombing ) .
Despite the fact that the CIA did indeed have this information , they either denied its existence or refused to respond to Soufan ’s requests .
The CIA withheld material information from an ongoing FBI investigation , which was a crime , and not due to the fact that “ the CIA did not talk to the FBI ” , as suggested by the 9/11 Commission report .
In July 2001 , emails between high - level CIA managers and CIA officers , entered into evidence in the Moussaoui trial , indicated that Mihdhar was going to take part in the next big al Qaeda attack .
When these CIA officers requested permission to transfer this information to the FBI , they were denied .
Yet , at almost the same time , CIA Director Tenet was holding meetings at the White House describing a huge al Qaeda attack about to take place inside of the US .
On August 22 , 2001 , when the CIA discovered that both Mihdhar and Hazmi were in the US , the CIA knew they were here to take part in a huge al Qaeda attack .
Yet , the CIA , working with FBI IOS agents at FBI HQ , sabotaged the last chance FBI Cole investigators would have to investigate Mihdhar and prevent the attacks on 9/11 .
The CIA concealed the photograph of Khallad taken at Kuala Lumpur that connected Mihdhar to the planning of the Cole bombing .
FBI HQ agents also concealed the fact that they had received the NSA release from the NSA caveats the very day they told the FBI Cole investigators they were forbidden from investigating Mihdhar , due to NSA caveats .
FBI HQ agents then fabricated a NSLU ruling , and told the FBI Cole investigators that the NSLU had ruled they were not allowed to be part of any investigation for Mihdhar when in fact the NSLU attorneys had ruled just the opposite , and stated to FBI IG investigators that the Cole investigators could have been part of the investigation for Mihdhar , since the NSA information had no FISA component .
[ 9/11 Commission report , Footnote 81 , p 581 ]
This new information shows that almost 3000 innocent people in the US paid , with their lives , for the actions at the CIA and FBI HQ , actions that should have been uncovered by the 9/11 Commission , using the very same new information , easily obtainable with their subpoena powers .
This criminal activity was carried out by individuals at the CIA Bin Laden unit , the CIA Yemen station , high level managers at the CIA , who prevented the transfer of information regarding the Kuala Lumpur meeting to the FBI investigators , the FBI Bin laden unit , the FBI RFU and even by the Director of the FBI .
All of this new information is detailed in “ Prior Knowledge of 9/11 ” at www.eventson911.com by Robert Schopmeyer , owner of an EDA software company in Silicon Valley .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
35 Texas superdelegates could break Clinton , Obama tie Meet Texas ' Democratic Party superdelegates
35 special voters could be the deciding factor between Clinton and Obama
David Hardt , a Dallas superdelegate , got a call from former President Clinton , who has been calling superdelegates on behalf of his wife Hillary Clinton 's White House campaign .
David Hardt , a Dallas superdelegate , got a call from former President Clinton , who has been calling superdelegates on behalf of his wife Hillary Clinton 's White House campaign .
Photo : AMY CONN - GUTIERREZ , For The Chronicle Photo : AMY CONN - GUTIERREZ , For The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 35 Texas superdelegates could break Clinton , Obama tie 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The telephone call was unexpected .
The voice on the other end of the line told David Hardt of Dallas to stand by :
The former president of the United States wanted to speak to him .
" I was really shocked .
When I first heard it , I thought it was one of my buddies playing a trick on me , " Hardt said of the call about a month ago from Bill Clinton .
" But his voice is just unmistakable .
So I was a little dumbfounded .
I did n't know what to say at first .
But he 's very easy to talk to . "
Hardt is president of the Young Democrats of America and a member of the Democratic National Committee .
And because of that , he is among about 800 superdelegates to this summer 's national convention who may end up becoming the tiebreakers in a close race between Sens.
Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama for the party 's nomination .
So far in Texas , Clinton leads Obama among the 35 superdelegates 13 - 5 , with 17 remaining unpledged — including Hardt , which explains why he received calls from both Clintons and was given a face - to - face meeting with former first daughter Chelsea .
He has yet to hear from Obama .
" I 'm still waiting for the call , though , " Hardt said .
The Illinois senator 's supporters have complained that Clinton is trying to win the nomination by corralling superdelegates .
The Obama forces argue that superdelegates ' votes should reflect their states ' primaries or caucuses .
Clinton , who campaigned in West and South Texas last week , told the Houston Chronicle that going after the superdelegates is a fair part of the process .
" There 's nothing unusual about what we 're doing this year .
It 's what 's always been done , " she said .
" The way the party operates , you have a variety of people who influence the final decision .
Those are the rules . "
The Texas superdelegates include all Democratic members of Congress , all those sitting on the party 's national committee and three persons to be named later .
They also include the state party chairman , the vice chair and several honored party faithful , such as former DNC Chairman Bob Strauss and former Speaker of the House Jim Wright .
The Republican Party does not have superdelegates .
Al Edwards of Houston , who has been on the Democratic National Committee for more than 20 years and was re-elected by the state convention in 2006 , said he is uncommitted for now because he is running to regain his former Texas House seat from state Rep. Borris Miles of Houston .
" What I tell them is I 'm going to support all of the Democrats , " Edwards said .
" Now that I 've got my own campaign , I 'm not going to get involved in somebody else 's . "
John Patrick of Friendswood , a national committee member and an executive with the United Steel Workers , noted that his union had supported former Sen.
John Edwards until he suspended his campaign .
" What I 'm doing now is sitting back , " Patrick said .
Patrick said he is staying neutral because various labor organizations are split between Obama and Clinton .
Bob Slagle , a national committee member who supported Bill Richardson , said he received a call from one of Clinton 's top organizers , Harold Ickes , asking for his pledge .
Slagle said he remains uncommitted but will vote for the senator from New York at the convention based on her experience .
" That 's extremely important in the world that George Bush is leaving behind . "
Slagle said he expects that the superdelegates ultimately will cast votes reflecting their states ' primaries or caucuses , although it is not mandated .
State Rep. Garnet Coleman , D - Houston , who is not a superdelegate , said too much is being made of their role .
Coleman noted that at the state convention this summer , Texas will elect 25 party and elected officials to the national convention .
He said the group is all but guaranteed to include himself , state Rep. Juan Garcia of Corpus Christi and other lawmakers pledged to Obama .
" So it kind of washes out the superdelegates , " Coleman said .
Hardt , the Young Democrats leader , said the criticism of superdelegates is unfair .
They are the activists who keep the party going , he said , and they deserve a say in choosing the nominee .
" I do n't knock on doors in the 100 - degree heat in the middle of a Texas summer for nothing , " he said .
" When we 're in the middle of a down time , and everybody thinks the party is dead in a state or in the nation , and we have no electeds , someone 's got to keep that party together .
It 's usually people like us .
" So we have earned our right to sit at the table . "
San Antonio Express - News reporter Peggy Fikac contributed to this report .
rg.ratcliffe@chron.com
By Ken Sakamoto , Star - Bulletin
Lois - Ann Yamanaka with her dog ,
' Lady Bebe Neuwirth of Kalihi . '
Yamanaka 's award for
' Blu 's Hanging ' is yanked ,
igniting a hot debate about
literature vs. social
responsibility By Nadine Kam
Assistant Features Editor
Star -Bulletin
LOIS - ANN Yamanaka never sought accolades or awards for her poetry and novels .
They just came , and most of the time , that was that .
Her latest fiction prize for " Blu's Hanging , " however , was delivered by the Association for Asian American Studies , then taken back amid controversy at the group 's national meeting here June 27 .
On the surface the beef seemed to involve one faction charging the author with racism and another claiming the right to freedom of artistic expression .
It 's not that simple , involving instead , disagreement about the function of literature , conflicting visions of what an Asian - American community should be and the age - old reality that art and politics do n't mix .
" Blu's Hanging " is about three motherless children growing up in Kaunakakai on Molokai .
The novel depicts childhood as an alternately scary and magical time .
A charge of racism surfaced in the portrayal of one character in the book , Uncle Paulo , who commits incest with his nieces and rapes another youth .
He happens to be Filipino .
Supporters of Yamanaka say the ethnicity of the character is incidental .
Challengers say that the ethnicity of the character perpetuates a stereotype of Filipinos as sexual deviants , a stereotype some readers say they never knew existed .
" To tell you the truth , I just saw a bad guy , " said bookstore owner Pat Banning of Bookends in Kailua .
" I did n't say , ' This is a Filipino and that must be why he 's bad . '
" In good fiction , there are implications that the author does n't even realize .
The depth of the illusion causes readers to make associations of their own .
Good writing does that .
In that way , it 's a tribute to her that she created all this uproar . "
Banning , who does n't know Yamanaka , says , " I feel sorry for Lois - Ann .
I think this whole incident is embarrassing for her , embarrassing for us , and makes the Asian American Studies people look foolish . "
Ibrahim Aoude is chair of the University of Hawaii Ethnic Studies Department that raised the resolution to rescind the award .
He said early reports of the action in another newspaper " sensationalized the issue . "
" It was portrayed as a witch hunt .
We are not the thought police .
A writer has the right to write whatever he or she wants .
" But we have the right to criticize .
Writing is a social act and impacts on society in many ways .
It 's naive to think otherwise .
" A villain can be Native Hawaiian , Samoan , Filipino , Japanese , Chinese , anything , but portraying an entire family in a very important novel -- in which the man is a predator and the girls are sluts -- that does damage and is not good for ethnic relations , " he said .
" Writers have to ask themselves about their relationship to society .
Do you break down stereotypes and contribute positively or do you want to be divisive ? "
Aoude dismisses the notion that rescinding the award itself was divisive .
" The decision was sensitive to a significant ethnic minority , " he said .
Rose Cruz Churma , co-owner of Kalamansi Books , which promotes books by Filipino authors and works from the Philippines , suggests the opposite , that the AAAS argument insults Filipinos by presenting them as victims .
" This desire to kill one stereotype perpetuates a more dangerous stereotype .
What they are saying is that Filipinos are devoid of critical thinking , that we cannot distinguish between fiction and reality .
We 're not wimps , " she said .
" It struck me as ironic that this person they vilified as a racist is the same person that has done so much to help the Filipino community . "
In the ' 80s , as a teacher at Kalakaua Intermediate , Yama - naka taught her students to write their own stories , which were included in an anthology , " Voices of the Youth . "
Churma said the book is now used by human services providers trying to gain insight into the community .
" What the AAAS has done is so short - sighted and mean - spirited .
I hope this will not move us backward , but the last issue of Fil - Am Courier ( July 1 - 15 ) was so full of hate .
People who never read the book were accusing Lois - Ann of being a hardcore pervert .
" I said to myself , ' Good Lord , what have we done ? ' "
" There are people who view literature as a means for furthering their own particular vision .
Many times , it is a romantic or nostalgic vision .
I look at it as people needing to have heroes , with the typical happy ending .
" Lois - Ann does not write that way .
Her characters are more complex , more ambiguous .
She is writing on the edge and going beyond conventional standards .
That is precisely why it is exciting literature to read and that is also why it may be controversial to others . "
Three AAAS different book award selection committees recognized the eloquence of Yamanaka 's work .
In 1996 , Jinqi Ling ( UCLA ) , Sau-ling Wong ( UC Berkeley ) and Traise Yamamoto ( UC Riverside ) made up the committee that gave the 1997 prize to Yamanaka for " Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers . "
The AAAS board overturned the selection after controversy arose -- not over " Wild Meat , " but over Yamanaka 's portrayal of Filipinos in " Saturday Night at the Pahala Theater , " a 1994 AAAS award winner .
Another committee -- with Caroline Chung Simpson ( University of Washington ) , David Eng ( Columbia University ) and Wendy Ho ( UC Davis ) -- chose to give " Blu's Hanging " the 1998 prize .
But a 90 - 55 vote of AAAS 's general membership revoked the award .
After that vote , both the AAAS outgoing and incoming boards resigned .
There were no leaders to tell Yamanaka of the revocation ; she read about the action in a newspaper article .
Gregory Mark , AAAS Conference Site Coordinator and an associate professor in the UH Ethnic Studies Department , said a new board will be elected soon and should be in place in a month .
Responding to criticism about public way in which the controversy was handled , he said , " Anytime you see a reversal of position and disunity in an organization , you can say it 's embarrassing . "
He said that the AAAS is trying to be more responsive to varied ethnic communities , in this case , Filipino Americans .
In clarifying that position , he said , " It 's important that a discussion take place , but this time the discussion was open to the world . "
In support of Yamanaka , writer David Mura said that taking back the award " confirms that the organization is confused by the difference between a literary award and an award for ' understanding ' or good citizenship ...
" If you want to make the award subject to the voting of the membership , then you 're not giving a literary award , you 're holding a popularity contest . "
Author Lum , who received many letters of support for Yamanaka from writers of Filipino heritage , said , " I look at this , not as a division along ethnic lines , but about the difference between literary people and social scientists .
" I would prefer to encourage and celebrate diversity and the deepening and expanding of each individual 's vision , rather than the opposite , which is to homogenize .
I want to support Lois - Ann , but the goal , really , is to keep the dialogue going so we can recognize these different visions .
" Social scientists tend to look for patterns and common ground .
They want to emphasize similarities , " Lum said .
" If ( AAAS members ) feel there is a power imbalance between ethnic groups , they should be directing their energy toward society in general and not toward ( Yamanaka 's ) book .
It is not a racist book . "
Referring to the lack of prestige of a popularity award , author Frank Chin wrote to the AAAS : " It 's not my place to tell the Association of Asian American Studies what to do with their book award , except , to say , never stick me with it . "
Earlier , the group criticized David Henry Hwang 's work " M. Butterfly , " accusing the playwright of perpetuating stereotypes of the emasculated Asian man .
Other Asian - American groups have , since the 1970s , sought to find fault with the work of Frank Chin , Maxine Hong Kingston , David Mura , Amy Tan and Cynthia Kadohata .
In Kadohata 's case , her novel " The Floating World " depicted a Japanese family wandering the country in search of work during World War II .
She was accused of falsifying history by avoiding mention of internment camps .
She later told author Garrett Hongo that she had been writing about her experiences and found it odd that the Asian - American community " felt compelled to attack her for what she did n't write even more than for what she did write . "
Writer and teacher Darlene Rodrigues , who has a master 's degree in Asian American Studies from UCLA , is a local Filipina who is a fan of Yamanaka's , but she says that as a writer , Yamanaka has a responsibility to avoid capitalizing on stereotypes .
" I think that people are forgetting that Lois - Ann has gone national , " she said , " so we have to ask how other people are reading and understanding her work outside of the context of Hawaii .
" People have to take a look at themselves , as to how they think and be and do in relation to other people . "
Rodrigues argues that there is no complexity of Filipino characterizations in any of Yamanaka 's books .
" It 's not true that people cannot write about other experiences because they can imagine it , because other people have . "
" These arguments are not new , but complexity is unfolding and that can be a source of inspiration and growth . "
" I never thought I 'd be doing this .
It 's hard to be critical of a writer we feel is so important .
In fact , we were trying to keep her personally out of the debate and focus on the award .
" If a literary organization wants to give her an award , I have no problem with that .
But the AAAS is a political organization that looks at power relations between various Asian - American groups .
The Japanese and Chinese occupy positions of power in our society , and Filipinos do not . "
She said that because Filipinos are characterized so poorly in the Yamanaka 's novels , " We have to ask why , and the book does n't provide any answers . "
The idea that writers should use their voices for the betterment of a certain tribe is anathema to fiction .
It is easier to attack artists than the institutions that create inequity .
For instance , it was much easier for Vice President Dan Quayle in 1992 to complain about a breakdown in family values epitomized by TV 's fictional unwed mother , Murphy Brown , than to fix a society that creates unwed mothers , teen pregnancies and absentee fathers .
Author Garrett Hongo said that writers owe no allegiance to any group " whether dominant , perceived dominant or minority . "
Yet , he said Filipinos have a legitimate claim to fair cultural representation .
" The Asian - American community is beginning to face these issues and it's going to be a struggle .
There is a pain there and as Asian - American writers , it would do well for all of us to deal with it . "
Hongo , a professor of creative writing at the University of Oregon in Eugene , has no ties to Yamanaka or the AAAS .
He has written about the phenomenon of Asian cultural wars in his introduction to the anthology , " Under Western Eyes : Personal Essays From Asian America . "
Hongo , who was in Hawaii doing research on the Hawaiian sovereignty movement when the award incident took place , says he sees no easy solution .
" We can't say like Rodney King , ' Ca n't we all get along ? '
No .
There are some things that need to be dealt with .
If getting along means someone has to eat dirt , that 's no good .
" We all know the history of pain .
What if Frank Chin grew up in an era in which Chinese men were represented by Hop Sing ?
By Fu Manchu ?
Dr. No ?
Do n't you think you would be upset ?
Or you would write something of your own and get on ? "
Hongo chose to do the latter .
" People talk stink about my work and me all the time , but it does n't shut me up . "
" If you look at writers like Dostoyevsky and Solzhenitsyn , they went into exile because people in their homelands did n't understand them .
I do n't think any writer is going to be silenced by prison or by a bullet .
" If the issue is serious enough to silence , the issue is serious enough to scream about .
If the issue is serious enough to decry , the issue is serious enough to proclaim .
The question is , how serious is the writer ? "
It is Lum who comes closest to some kind of resolution : " Maybe it 's best to ask non-writers and non-academics to borrow the book from the library and draw their own conclusions . "
It happens every day .
In fact , it is pretty hard to avoid it .
There are some things that can only be understood with a slap on the forehead .
Things so mind - boggling that one wonders how humans managed to evolve thumbs while being this mentally inept .
Case in point :
Spotted this gem on Men ’s Activism .
It is a television spot attempting to coax men into becoming big brothers for the Big Brothers Big Sisters Agency .
The ad is more insulting than convincing and I would not be shocked if it failed to encourage men to help boys .
Why should they when they are totally inept , stupid and in serious need of help and guidance themselves ?
The case against a mother who posed as a teenage boy to harass another teen online , in the process driving her to suicide , has taken another turn , as rights groups are opposing the government 's criminal charges against the mother .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Center for Democracy and Technology , along with Public Citizen and a group of 14 law professors , have filed an amicus brief in the case , arguing that violating MySpace 's Terms of Service agreement should n't be considered criminal offense under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act .
The groups believe that if the mother , Lori Drew , is prosecuted using CFAA charges , the case could have significant ramifications for the free speech rights of US citizens using the Internet .
The story about Drew and the tragic MySpace - related suicide of her 13 - year - old neighbor Megan Meier is a complex one that goes back to 2006 .
For those not familiar with the situation , Meier had received messages on MySpace from someone who purported to be a 16 - year - old boy named Josh Evans .
The two became online friends , exchanged some online flirtations , and her family said she seemed happier after having " met " Evans .
In October of 2006 , however , Evans ' messages turned sour as he accused her of being mean to her friends and began forwarding her messages to " him " around to other people , prompting malicious gossip ( both online and off ) to spread about Meier being fat and a slut , among other things .
At one point , Evans allegedly sent a message to Meier saying , " You are a bad person and everybody hates you .
Have a shitty rest of your life .
The world would be a better place without you . "
Meier eventually told her mother about the messages , who had told her to stop using MySpace , and the two got into a fight .
Meier then went back to her room and committed suicide .
Several weeks later , it came out that the person behind Evans ' account was , in fact , a neighbor and the mother of one of Meier 's friends .
Drew , who first denied everything , but later admitted to creating the account , said that it was all supposed to be a joke .
Fast forward to this May , when Drew was indicted on federal charges by the Department of Justice for fraudulently and criminally breaking MySpace 's ToS in order to harass Meier .
These are the charges that the EFF , the CDT , and the other organizations take issue with , as they believe they could cause chilling effects across the Internet that would ultimately limit free speech .
" The Government 's novel and unprecedented response to what everyone recognizes as a tragic situation would create a reading of the CFAA that has dangerous ramifications far beyond the facts , " wrote the EFF in the brief .
The EFF says that a MySpace user does n't gain unauthorized access to MySpace 's servers by disregarding the ToS , which is what the DoJ 's reading of the CFAA would criminalize .
Additionally , the groups argue that the legislative history of the CFAA supports the view that it 's meant to prevent trespass and theft on computers or computer networks , not improper motives or use .
The EFF and CDT believe that holding Drew criminally liable for violating MySpace 's ToS would be an " extraordinary and dangerous extension of federal criminal law , " as it would turn practically everyone into federal criminals .
They point out that even checking out the popular dating site Match.com for the mere purpose of research into this case would have turned the brief 's author into a criminal , as she is married and the ToS prohibits those who are not single or separated from using the site .
" [ T ]he Government 's theory would attach criminal penalties to minors under the age of 18 who use the Google search engine , as well as to many individuals who legitimately exercise their First Amendment rights to speak anonymously online , " adds the brief .
Although the groups agree that Meier 's death was a tragedy and that there is a heavy desire to hold Drew accountable for her actions , they believe the First Amendment rights of citizens outweigh the " overbroad " interpretation of the CFAA in order to prosecute her , and urge the court to dismiss the indictment .
Further reading :
Blog Archive May 2020 ( 7 ) April 2020 ( 3 ) November 2019 ( 4 ) October 2019 ( 1 ) May 2019 ( 7 ) February 2019 ( 1 ) January 2019 ( 2 ) October 2018 ( 3 ) June 2018 ( 1 ) May 2018 ( 1 ) April 2018 ( 7 ) March 2018 ( 1 ) February 2018 ( 2 ) January 2018 ( 2 ) December 2017 ( 1 ) November 2017 ( 3 ) September 2017 ( 2 ) August 2017 ( 2 ) June 2017 ( 3 ) May 2017 ( 2 ) March 2017 ( 1 ) February 2017 ( 1 ) January 2017 ( 1 ) September 2016 ( 1 ) July 2016 ( 1 ) May 2015 ( 1 ) April 2015 ( 2 ) January 2015 ( 2 ) February 2014 ( 1 ) December 2013 ( 2 ) November 2013 ( 2 ) June 2013 ( 1 ) March 2013 ( 1 ) February 2013 ( 1 ) January 2013 ( 2 ) December 2012 ( 5 ) November 2012 ( 3 ) July 2012 ( 1 ) May 2012 ( 2 ) April 2012 ( 1 ) March 2012 ( 1 ) February 2012 ( 1 ) January 2012 ( 1 ) December 2011 ( 3 ) November 2011 ( 4 ) October 2011 ( 1 ) August 2011 ( 4 ) July 2011 ( 1 ) May 2011 ( 1 ) March 2011 ( 1 ) February 2011 ( 1 ) January 2011 ( 1 ) December 2010 ( 1 ) November 2010 ( 1 ) October 2010 ( 1 ) September 2010 ( 1 ) August 2010 ( 1 ) July 2010 ( 1 ) May 2010 ( 1 ) March 2010 ( 1 ) January 2010 ( 3 ) December 2009 ( 2 ) November 2009 ( 2 ) October 2009 ( 3 ) September 2009 ( 24 ) August 2009 ( 37 ) July 2009 ( 23 ) June 2009 ( 23 ) May 2009 ( 19 ) April 2009 ( 14 ) March 2009 ( 19 ) February 2009 ( 30 ) January 2009 ( 31 ) December 2008 ( 76 ) November 2008 ( 32 ) October 2008 ( 35 ) September 2008 ( 30 ) August 2008 ( 33 ) July 2008 ( 40 ) June 2008 ( 32 ) May 2008 ( 51 ) April 2008 ( 39 ) March 2008 ( 73 ) February 2008 ( 46 ) January 2008 ( 91 ) December 2007 ( 95 ) November 2007 ( 111 ) October 2007 ( 71 ) September 2007 ( 43 ) August 2007 ( 33 ) July 2007 ( 29 ) June 2007 ( 33 ) May 2007 ( 53 ) April 2007 ( 23 ) March 2007 ( 23 ) February 2007 ( 23 ) January 2007 ( 33 ) December 2006 ( 19 ) November 2006 ( 23 ) October 2006 ( 23 ) September 2006 ( 25 ) August 2006 ( 28 ) July 2006 ( 15 ) June 2006 ( 20 ) May 2006 ( 14 ) April 2006 ( 15 ) March 2006 ( 18 ) February 2006 ( 78 ) January 2006 ( 124 ) December 2005 ( 136 ) November 2005 ( 105 ) October 2005 ( 112 ) September 2005 ( 71 ) August 2005 ( 81 ) July 2005 ( 103 ) June 2005 ( 82 ) May 2005 ( 98 ) April 2005 ( 61 ) March 2005 ( 56 ) February 2005 ( 19 ) January 2005 ( 19 ) December 2004 ( 15 ) November 2004 ( 19 ) October 2004 ( 9 ) September 2004 ( 17 ) August 2004 ( 21 ) July 2004 ( 16 ) June 2004 ( 9 )
I 've seen some crappy arcades in my day , mostly tucked into some crummy corner of whatever cheap hotel my mom had stashed us at , populated with well - worn Galaga and Street Fighter II machines .
They had a certain kind of charm , though , and still do , considering the fact that the arcade is an endangered species in the US .
Then there 's this arcade in North Korea , which is almost as bad as the old Soviet ones .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
It makes me sad , especially when I think about the arcades in Japan and the massive Starcraft colosseums to the south .
Not because of how old the machines are — a great game is a great game — but because of the poor condition they 're in .
I realize NK has much bigger problems , like starving people , but that does n't change my gut reaction to these pictures as a gamer .
Head over to UK Resistance to see the rest .
[ UK Resistance via BBG ]
Regina Meredith has worn most of the hats available in the world of mainstream media , having been a show host , news anchor , network sport broadcaster , reporter , producer and writer .
Among her productions were the award - winning documentary Sierra in Peril , aired throughout the PBS network , followed by Regina ’s Vegetarian Table , which aired for 6 seasons on PBS and internationally .
Feeling a call to begin exploring her personal passion of the metaphysical and alternative worlds of information , in 2004 Regina and her husband Scott Meredith founded Conscious Media Network , which was among the original sites to offer internet streaming of conscious videos .
Since the merger of Conscious Media Network with GaiamTV in 2012 , Regina has continued bringing thought - provoking information to the global GaiamTV audience through her Open Minds , Healing Matrix and Phenomena programs .
Read More
Editor 's Note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound - off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. Wednesday .
If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you .
A nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago - based radio host , he is the author of " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and " Speak , Brother !
A Black Man's View of America . "
Please visit his Web site .
Roland Martin says Americans need to rise above issues of race , age and gender when they vote .
( CNN ) --
One of the most intriguing conversations I had at either the Democratic or Republican convention was with a white labor leader from Ohio .
I can't remember his name , but he made it clear that he is going all around the Rust Belt state looking his white union brothers and sisters in the eye and essentially shaming them into supporting Sen.
Barack Obama for president .
No , he 's not saying vote for the black man for president because he 's black .
He said he 's telling them that it 's shameful that as Democrats , they agree with him on various political issues , but because of his skin color , they are refusing to cast ballots for him .
" We have gone to our black brothers and sisters for years to support our [ white ] candidates , and it 's wrong for us to stand here and not support one of their own , even though we 're Democrats , " he barked .
There is nothing more in - your - face than to hear someone speak truthfully to the inherent racism that is at play in this election .
For all the talk about inclusion and the historic nature of this campaign , the true tribal feelings of so many people will come into play , whether we want to admit it or not .
Election ' 08 : The issues Roland Martin looks at where the candidates stand on issues most important to voters .
Sat and Sun 8 PM ET see full schedule »
We are seeing remarkable bias playing strongly in this election .
Exit - polling data in the primaries showed some evidence of bias when it came to age , race and gender , but the great concern is whether people are as honest in talking to pollsters as they are in the voting booth .
Because Sen. John McCain is 72 and would be the oldest person to be sworn in as president , there is a lot of dialogue about how old this white guy is , and how wrong it is that he 's running .
Age questions also have been raised about the 47 - year - old black guy from Chicago and whether he is too young and inexperienced to lead .
While there is a lot of talk and excitement surrounding Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin being named as the first woman on a Republican ticket , and what that may mean in terms of widespread female support coming the way of McCain - Palin , there are some voices who refuse to vote for a woman .
We 've also seen a number of prominent women -- including Washington Post columnist Sally Quinn and radio talk show host Dr. Laura Schlessinger -- who have questioned whether the 44 - year - old white mother of five children should be vice president , considering she has five children , including a special needs child .
It 's wonderful to talk about the economy , immigration , the war in Iraq , health care and education , but we can't be naïve to the reality that when voters go into that voting booth , they will , as one person told me during an interview , " vote with their tribe . "
That was one of the arguments we heard during the Democratic primaries when Obama enjoyed overwhelming support from African - Americans -- to the tune of 90 - plus percent -- while Sen.
Hillary Clinton had major female support , largely white , in the range of 65 to 70 percent .
So what do we do when it comes to our tendency to follow group identification ?
1. Stop dancing around the topic .
When you watch TV and hear folks talk about Wal - Mart moms or small , rural towns , they are talking about white Americans .
These catch phrases never include African - Americans or Hispanics
2. Confront bias where it is .
Ask your friends , neighbors , co-workers and church members who they are voting for .
When they give you the " I really can't put my finger on it " line , then press them .
Hard .
You know the real answer , so do n't beat around the bush .
The best folks to challenge Americans on their hang - ups regarding age , race and gender are n't the AARP , NAACP or NOW .
It 's Y - O - U . Do n't give in to the " That 's the way I was raised " mantra .
When someone suggests that flags and faith show that a candidate is n't one of us , drill down .
3 . Accept the fact that some people will not change .
We all think that we have been gifted to the degree that our sane and logical arguments can get folks off their biased stumps .
Some people just wo n't give in .
Fine , move on .
The goal is to rid our society of as much bias as possible .
If someone is so hard - headed , then you have to go on to the next person and try to change them .
It 's critical that we be as honest as possible about the impact of race , age and gender in campaigns .
A lot of people love to toss around the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s quote that he hoped one day people would be judged by " the content of their character . "
But it 's still a reality that skin tone , gender and our birth date means more than character to a lot of Americans .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Racism and Bigotry • Sexism • Barack Obama • John McCain
Vote Today Ohio
Vote Today Ohio helped over 6000 new and unlikely voters cast a ballot in 2008 .
Thank you to everyone who helped make our efforts such an inspiring success !
FORT STEWART , Ga. ( Army News Service , Sept. 29 , 2008 ) -
The exercise scenario was a sobering one : a 10 - kiloton nuclear device detonated in America 's heartland , quickly overwhelming civilian responders .
Military leaders who recently trained for this response say they are now thinking differently about how to move equipment , extract the injured and take care of people following this type of attack .
Their insights came from " Vibrant Response , " a week - long command post exercise designed to train the commanders and staff of the nation 's dedicated force for responding to chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear and high - yield explosive incidents , or CBRNE incidents .
The units completed the exercise Sept. 18 at Fort Stewart , Ga. , just two weeks before their force , the CBRNE Consequence Management Response Force , or CCMRF , will be assigned to U.S. Northern Command to begin its mission .
" Assigning them will allow Northern Command to directly influence the operational and training focus of the forces and ensure a trained and ready response force when needed , " said Col.
Lou Vogler , chief of future operations at U.S. Army North .
U.S. Army North conducted the exercise while its subordinate , Joint Task Force Civil Support , provided command and control for the CCMRF .
Joint Task Force Civil Support -- based at Fort Monroe , Va. -- plans , trains , develops policy and determines the way ahead for DOD CBRNE response , said the force 's commander , Army Maj.
Gen. Daniel " Chip " Long .
Commanders and staff in the three task forces - Operations , Medical and Aviation - say that the academics and command post exercise offered valuable new perspectives for the Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen and Marines assuming this important mission .
Task Force OperationsResponding to a catastrophic chemical , nuclear or biological attack is challenging because there is no notice and it requires a fast response , Long said .
Developing the capability to deploy rapidly was a priority for the infantry unit assigned to the force , according to Army Maj .
Marc Cloutier , planner for the 1st Brigade Combat Team , 3rd Infantry Division .
The unit forms the core of Task Force Operations , one of the three functional task forces within CCMRF .
It 's the first infantry brigade to be assigned to NORTHCOM for a year in order to respond quickly to civil - support missions .
Cloutier said that one apparent challenge for the brigade will be turning an infantryman into a truck driver or a first responder .
However , Cloutier said , the Soldiers and NCOs in the brigade are smart and adaptable and can easily learn to drive a truck or use a chain saw given a little instruction .
" When I got to the unit in July , I looked at the mission and realized the biggest challenge was going to be organizing to become rapidly deployable , " he said .
" I knew we would have to preposition containers and equipment to deploy ourselves on very short notice .
"
The brigade also began working with the division and the garrison at Fort Stewart to ensure there were mechanisms in place to support a short - notice deployment , Cloutier said .
Once the exercise started , the brigade planners looked at how to reorganize their habitual formations from an infantry or armor battalion in order to accomplish the mission .
" Do we want to take our internal assets and develop functional task forces like engineering , decontamination , heavy movement , and search and rescue , or do we want to develop multifaceted task forces and assign them by region ' " he asked .
Their conclusion '
That configurations would likely change based on the type of catastrophe or the size of the geographical area .
" We 're developing something of a playbook from everything we do here , " Cloutier said .
" We 'll capture everything and keep it on the shelf so if we see a similar situation down the road , we 're starting that much further along .
" Technical SupportAir Force Lt. Col.
Kevin Martilla was especially impressed with the brigade 's planning efforts , which structured the forces and established processes to efficiently execute any mission that comes down .
As chief of the Air Force Radiation Assessment Team , Brooks City - Base , Texas , Martilla leads a unit responsible for supporting health - protection efforts for the force , to help commanders understand and manage radiation risks so they can complete their missions .
The team has existed since 1968 to respond to Broken Arrow incidents , or those involving military nuclear weapons damaged during transport .
"
We 've always been involved in planning to respond to Broken Arrow incidents , so it made sense that ( the services ) included us when developing CCMRF , " Martilla said .
The team provides technical advice and the capability to measure radiation levels , collect and analyze samples , and measure and track radiological exposure to the force .
Being assigned to Task Force Operations allowed the team to work closely with the brigade planners and staff , Martilla said .
" Our team gained an understanding we would n't get if exercising with units on paper , " he said .
" This exercise has been a great step forward toward accomplishing this mission in case it ever does happen .
" Also assigned to CCMRF within Task Force Operations is a Marine Corps technical support force called the Chemical , Biological Incident Response Force based at Indian Head , Md . The force , known as CBIRF , was created in the mid 1990s as a domestic response force following the sarin attacks on the Tokyo subway .
The biggest misconception , said the unit 's operations officer , is that the force is a nuclear , biological and chemical unit .
" We are a life - saving organization , " said Marine Corps Maj .
Stan Bacon .
" Although we can identify hazards and decontaminate personnel , those actions are all geared toward allowing our force to conduct search and extraction .
" Every one of the 500 Marines and Sailors in the battalion is trained to perform search and extraction , Bacon said .
In addition , all members have received additional training to perform specialized technical rescues , including confined space , advanced rope , trench , collapsed structure , and vehicle and heavy machinery extraction .
The battalion is able to " grab and drag " people from within the hazardous area .
However , the force also developed procedures to stabilize casualties when moving them would cause more injury , Bacon said .
" Very few military or civilian agencies plan to have medical personnel in the hot zone , in suits , treating and extracting casualties , " he said .
Bacon said the Marine Corps unit benefited from training with the forces that will provide its logistics , decontamination , aviation and command and control during a disaster .
" We know we wo n't have to reach back to Indian Head for logistics support or work on mitigating the hazard , " Bacon said .
" We 'll be able to focus our entire effort on saving lives . " ' The main effort ' Civil support missions also are logistics intensive , as Army Lt. Col. Johnney Matthews found out .
Matthews , a support battalion commander , knows what it takes to move the fuel , food and water for a brigade headquarters and four maneuver battalions for combat .
However , the support battalion soon found they had gone from being the " unsung heroes " of the brigade to being the main effort , he said .
As the exercise scenario unfolded , Matthews learned the importance of quickly building a supply base to keep their own forces sustained so he could focus on moving food and water to affected civilians .
The battalion designed " speed balls , " bundles of daily rations that feed up to 1,500 people and can be rapidly rolled on and off a military flatbed truck .
" This exercise has been a good experience for us , " Matthews said .
" We 've been able to shake out our staff and put some systems in place for future missions .
And we 've learned a lot about civil support - we 've been given a picture of some of the things we might face .
" Task Force Medical
The consequence management response force is able to deploy with robust medical capability , including patient treatment and evacuation , blood storage and distribution , environmental assessment , epidemiology , and even stress management .
They were all coordinated by 1st Medical Brigade from Fort Hood , Texas .
As with a number of units attending the week of academics before the exercise , the 1st Medical Brigade was on alert and planning for possible response to Hurricane Ike , which was barreling toward the coast of Texas .
During every break , the medical brigade 's executive officer was returning phone calls .
" We knew that if Ike hit hard enough to trigger a federal response , we had to be ready to respond , " Army Maj .
Tim Walsh said .
" We have a lot of ongoing requirements , but we know we have to be prepared to deal with the alligator that is in our room .
" Walsh said the exercise gave them an opportunity to look at mission requirements and the brigade 's capabilities , then identify shortfalls and try to mitigate them .
Although they may not be able to mitigate all the shortfalls , just knowing what they are is beneficial too , Walsh said .
" States and local responders go through the same process , " he said .
" Our goal is to fill their shortfalls until they are able to handle the incident with just their capabilities , then we leave .
" As combat operations continue in Iraq and Afghanistan , military medical capability remains in high demand .
Walsh said those deployments give the unit the credibility to do their mission within the United States .
" We are proud and honored to do our mission anywhere , but to do it in the United States - that 's extra motivation , " he said .
" We treat everyone with dignity and respect , whether it's a captured suicide attacker or one of our own Soldiers - we give them the same level of care we 'd give our own parents .
" Task Force AviationSpeed is essential for this type of response , and rapidly moving people and equipment is nothing new for the 82nd Combat Aviation Brigade , according to Col. Paul Bricker .
" We 're not encumbered by roads or terrain , and we move vertically around obstacles that restrict vehicular movement , " Bricker said .
" If a bridge is out , we can move people or large equipment rapidly .
" The commander of the Fort Bragg , N.C. , based aviation brigade said each of the unit's CH - 47 Chinook heavy lift helicopters can move 30 people and large pieces of equipment - ideal for medical evacuation , patient transfer , logistical resupply and personnel movement .
Each of the UH - 60 Black Hawk utility helicopters can transport 11 people or 8,000 pounds of cargo - perfect for transporting search teams , dogs , high - priority equipment and radiological survey teams , Bricker said .
The exercise allowed the brigade 's staff to both come together as a team and to work with a joint task force headquarters .
" Working with the joint task force and the civilian sector exposes our folks to a whole different set of coordination requirements , " he said .
' What if 'Long , the Joint Task Force Civil Support commander , agreed that having a dedicated response force assigned to Northern Command can only improve DOD 's ability to help save lives , prevent injury and provide temporary critical life support .
"
We 've got to train like we 've got to execute , " he said .
" There will be catastrophic deaths .
Hospitals will be affected , first responders will be affected , and you 've got to integrate all the response capabilities when citizens are trying to get away or trying to pull their lives together .
" Since the joint task force was created in 1999 , the nation has made tremendous progress on ' what if , ' Long said .
" There are all sorts of deterrence capabilities , and this ( force ) is one of them , " he said .
" This exercise has been a great effort to prepare for a catastrophic CBRNE event .
The nation needs to know we have this capability . " ( Patti Bielling writes for the U.S. Army North Public Affairs Office . )
But a growing number of policy makers and community advocacy activists argue that a government rescue may nonetheless be the most sensible way to avoid a broader disruption of the entire economy .
The House Financial Services Committee is working on various options , including a government buyout .
The Bush administration may be softening its hostility to a rescue as well .
Top officials at the Treasury Department are hoping to meet with industry executives next week to discuss options , according to two executives .
“ There are a lot of ideas out there , ” said Scott Stanzel , a spokesman for President Bush , when asked at a White House press briefing on Friday about a possible buyout program .
“ There are many different ways in which we can address this problem and we continue to look at ways in which we can do that . ”
Supporters contend that a government rescue could be the fastest and cleanest way to force banks and investors to book their losses from bad mortgages  a painful but essential first step toward stabilizing the housing market .
The government would buy the mortgages at their true current value , perhaps through an auction , at what would probably be a big discount from the original loan amount .
The mortgage lenders , or the investors who bought mortgage - backed securities , would be free of the bad loans but would still have to book their losses .
If the government took control of the bad mortgages , supporters of a rescue contend , it could restructure the loans on terms that borrowers could meet , keep most of them from losing their homes and avoid an even more catastrophic plunge in housing prices .
“ Every citizen has a dog in this hunt , ” said John Taylor , president of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , a community advocacy group that has developed its own mortgage buyout plan .
“ The cost of spending our way out of a recession is something that everybody would have to bear for a very long time . ”
Okay .
This made me lol .
A lot of work went into this and I could n't reject it .
And I assume these were just Google Image searches , right ?
Reply
Thread
Link
Thank you :)
We need posts like this now and then
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm a little more lax on night and weekend posts .
And I admit , this one had me laughing so hard .
I could n't muster up the courage to click " Reject " .
Such a hilarious post . :P
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Good call .
This is on the verge of genius .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Thanks for the approval . ;)
And yeah , they were all found with image searches around the net .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
BEST .
ONTD POST .
EVER .
Thanks for approving !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
this is funny , but idk
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
This post was amazing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I used to kiss his poster every night .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
he 'd probably be the gentler lover .
omg BAD jokes so late at night .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
OHN .
Do n't hate on Bale .
THX<3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
holy mother of mary ...
that is a lot of pictures .
long lost twin brothers ?
Reply
Thread
Link
I know .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Why can't I stop watching O-o
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Your icon made me turn my head and go " ... huh . "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Pointless post is pointless .
Reply
Thread
Link
rude
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
but not really
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i'm glad youre back
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
hey debbie ! downer much ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
idnawtc
it provided me amusement at 3 am and that 's all i ask for in a post ;]
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol wow thanks for pointing that out !!!!!!
you 're so funny and cool !!!!!!!!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
As if everything else posted on ONTD is n't equally pointless .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
WHAT ?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!
something is not right in the world with ' christian bale ' and ' fugly ' is in the same sentence :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
what the fuck ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ILU
Reply
Thread
Link
i enjoyed that a little too much .
Reply
Thread
Link
Kerr ♥
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
is n't she a qt ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
iawtc , and so did mom ..
we share a love for Bale .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too !
* sighs *
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i just sat here for so many minutes watching your icon .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Coming from the future to say your icon is quite possibly the funniest icon I have seen on LJ yet .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i am also coming in here years later to sing the praises of your glorious icon
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Your icon < 3 4 years later .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
.... why have I never seen this post ... with your flawless icon ?
so ... much ...
BEAUTY
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
5 yrs later n this icon still flawless .
here i am crackin up at 3 am .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Eh 2014 here , and your icon is glorious .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
2015 in the house .
God bless that icon .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Representing 2016 .
Also confirming that they have not gotten together and done pizza yet .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
2017 .
I remember watching this icon 9 years ago omg .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
How did I end up back here again
Anyway , icon still gr9 , 2019 checking in
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
repping 2020 to say that this icon is still perfection .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol , seriously , he 's ugly ass fuck now .
He was only hot in American Psycho .
sigh .
Reply
Thread
Link
Come on .
He was hot in Little Women , too !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
when i first fell in love with him !
awtc
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
This wins .
OMG LMAO .
This wins .
Reply
Thread
Link
that KILLED ME
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
but did kermit do this ( it 's nsfw btw )
Reply
Thread
Link
omg what movie is that from
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Metroland .
It 's on YouTube
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
gotdamn dat bush
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
TOTALLY NSFW !
Edited at 2008 -08-30 08:15 am ( UTC )
Well , I did find a sort of match for that BaleBush gif ... TOTALLY NSFW !
Clicky
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
tiny
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Holy sh*t .
This was amazing .
ty bb :)
Reply
Thread
Link
lol win
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Comment twins !!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol ur icon is < 3 , bb
damn , he 's hot .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Author of ' 100 Things to Do Before You Die ' is killed in fall - and he only managed to achieve half his list
Fun-loving : Dave Freeman died after a fall at his beach home in California
The man who co-wrote the best - selling adventure travel guide 100 Things To Do Before You Die has died at the age of 47 .
Dave Freeman had visited half the places mentioned in his book whose recommendations included a voodoo pilgrimage to Haiti and running with bulls in Pamplona , Spain .
He died after falling over at his home in Venice , California , and hitting his head .
The advertising agency executive wrote the 1999 book with his friend , Neil Teplica , after collecting odd locations on a travel website they ran .
The irreverent guide to the world 's wackiest places suggested nude night surfing in Australia and taking part in the loudest yelling competition in North Carolina .
It was an instant bestseller and inspired a publishing industry all of its own with dozens of ' 100 Things ' spin - offs .
Mr Freeman , who was single , liked to travel alone , believing he met more interesting people and went to stranger places that way .
He starts the book by explaining : ' This life is a short journey .
How can you make sure you fill it with the most fun and that you visit all the coolest places on earth before you pack those bags for the very last time ?'
His family said that while he had visited half the places , Mr Teplica had covered the rest .
One of Mr Freeman 's favourites was the Las Fallas festival in Valencia , Spain , where firework - filled papier - mache statues of politicians and celebrities exploded at the stroke of midnight .
' He lived the life he wrote about ' : Dave Williams , co-author of 100 Things to Do before You Die , died following a fall
He listed land diving in the South Pacific as one of his most exhilarating adventures .
The centuries - old tradition - dubbed the ' original bungee jump ' - involves leaping off tall towers with just a vine attached to the leg .
The Queen witnessed one islander fall to his death during a 1974 ceremony .
Last night the circumstances surrounding Mr Freeman 's death were still sketchy , but he appeared to have tripped over in the hall of his beach - side house and banged his head .
' It 's very odd , very sad and very freaky , ' Mr Teplica told the Daily Mail .
' There was no heart attack .
He was physically very capable - not the sort of person to just fall over .
His death is unfathomable .'
According to Mr Teplica , his friend 's mantra was : ' You should live every day like it would be your last .
There 's not many people who do . '
Mr Teplica said : ' He did n't have enough days but he lived the life he wrote about . '
The guide , which was subtitled Travel Events You Just Can't Miss , started life as a regular website feature called The Coolest Place on Earth .
As readers started sending in reports of wild and wonderful festivals around the globe , the two men vowed to try them all out .
Some - such as attending the Oscars or Royal Ascot - were rated ' grandma friendly ' , while others were described as ' down and dirty ' .
For over a year , publications including Wired.com have warned that the U.S. Copyright Royalty Board 's new rates for webcasters would end online radio as we know it .
Now , those chickens are coming home to roost .
Pandora – practically the poster child for online radio – says it will shut down if royalty rates enacted in March of 2007 are not altered soon .
Despite all of those warnings , the rates remain intact and must be observed by webcasters , even as the battle over them continues .
Aside from a few concessions to small webcasters and those with lots of unique streams , Washington lawmakers have not altered the rates , which currently require Pandora to fork over 70 percent of its revenue to labels and artists .
" We 're losing money as it is , " founder Tim Westergren 's told The Washington Post .
" The moment we think this problem in Washington is not going to get solved , we have to pull the plug because all we 're doing is wasting money , " adding , " We 're funded by venture capital .
They 're not going to chase a company whose business model has been broken .
So if it does n't feel like its headed towards a solution , we 're done . "
Westergren agreed to a hasty interview on Monday but was unavailable to talk due to a family engagement .
However , a Pandora spokeswoman said the company has beenpaying the new royalty fees to SoundExchange since July 2007 and that there 's no specific day on which Pandora will go offline , assuming the rates are not changed .
" It 's an ongoing judgment call based on the trajectory of the negotiations , " she said .
If Washington lawmakers want to ensure that legal music services cannotcompete with under - the - radar alternatives that pay nothing to artists , they 're doing a bang - up job .
Record labels and artists have nothing to gain by killing off services that pay them royalties .
In fact , a source close to the situation told us last year that SoundExchange , which represents many labels and artists , was as surprised as anyone else that the U.S. Copyright Royalty Board accepted SoundExchange 's proposed rates without altering them substantially .
What may have been a negotiating tactic has become law , much to the detriment of webcasters , music fans and a flagging industry that desperately needs legitimate music services like Pandora .
While all forms of U.S. radio pay royalties to songwriters and publishers through rights organizations such as BMI and Ascap , record labels and recording artists have not received performance royalties from radio in this country , because radio was thought to have a promotional effect on sales .
With sales flagging , labels and artists are trying to collect licensing fees from all uses of their music , including radio .
Satellite radio stations must pay a small percentage of revenue , while terrestrial radio stations currently pay no royalty to labels and recording artists .
Rep. Howard Berman ( D - California ) is reportedly trying to broker a new deal between SoundExchange and webcasters to reduce the per-song , per-listener rates handed down by the Copyright Royalty Board last year .
But he does n't appear optimistic .
" Most of the rate issues have not been resolved , " Berman told The Washington Post .
" If itdoes n't get much more dramatic quickly , I will extricate myself fromthe process . "
Due to rates Westergren called " far too high to allow ad - supported radio to operate , " Pandora ceased webcasting to the United Kingdom on January 15 .
Unless these rates change , the United States is next .
See Also :
Men are perpetrators .
Men can not be victims .
Women are victims .
Women can not be perpetrators .
The message is simple and exclusive , and pervades virtually all literature about childhood sexual abuse .
Whether overt or covert , direct or indirect , a survivor molested by women who looks for confirmation of the horror , for an authority who can offer acknowledgement , is going to find denial .
Whether male or female , the survivor of abuse perpetrated by women will find precious little comfort and minimal support from books that purport to address their needs .
Indeed , rather than finding tools for healing , the survivor may - as I did - find themselves attacked and shamed by the invested incest recovery establishment .
Just like in our families .
Shut up .
You lie .
You 're making it up .
It was n't abuse , it was love .
Women do n't abuse .
Men abuse .
At times the omission is subtle , a matter of exclusion , of being ignored in books that proclaim an all - inclusive perspective .
I remember reading a book recommended by a female friend - one of the pioneering studies on child abuse - and finding myself baffled by the narrow perspective .
Not only did the authors virtually exonerate the non-offending parent from any responsibility ( as the non-offender , in this book , was always the woman ) , and virtually ignore female perpetrators , but they casually dismissed males as victims , not only pretending we did not suffer greatly , but that we barely existed in numbers worth mentioning .
I raged .
My friend , of course , had n't noticed the discrepancy , as she was a victim of the classical form of incest : brother and father .
The book spoke to her needs , and ignored mine .
I 'm not in the habit of condemning authors for ignoring me , but their bias was actively damaging to me , for they not only ignored me , they asserted that the problem of female on male incest did not exist .
By chance , I saw the only film that deals directly with Mother - Son incest , Breaking The Silence .
I tuned in only because the title intrigued me .
The TV listings gave a thumbnail sketch that only hinted at the subject matter .
The film had not been promoted the normal hype ; there were no advertisements , no promos , unlike the more common huckstering that precedes more traditionally plotted incest movies ( male on female ) .
It seemed as if the network was airing the movie as a distasteful duty , hidden in the doldrums of summer , although in my opinion , the movie was competent both in content and in form , and far more watchable than most of the dreck that poses as socially enlightened movie - making .
I 've watched more talk shows than I can count that deal with traditional forms of incest , but I have yet to see a show that focused on men or women who survived molestation by females .
Two and a half years ago , I wept when I found the first book that was written specifically for male survivors , Mike Lew 's Victims No Longer .
Previously , my only resources were books written by and for women that focused exclusively on male - perpetrator , female - victim sexual violence , and I would have to translate the experience into my terms .
I was not at the stage where I could distance myself from the rage against men that pervades most of those works , from the subtle shaming , from the sometimes deliberate , sometimes unconscious inclusion of all men into the ranks of perpetrators .
The tone reminded me of my mother 's voice .
She condemned all men as congenital monsters as she raped her sons .
She inherited her voice from my grandmother , who raped her grandsons .
Mother chose friends who resonated to her hatred , like the neighbor who seduced me when I was a wounded fourteen year old boy , and killed herself two months later .
I need to hear kinder voices , yet today , three years after the publication of Lew 's book , men are just beginning to build a bibliography that speaks to our common experience .
More to the point , to my knowledge , there has been no publication that speaks generically to survivors of female abuse , either men or women ; no book that boldly proclaims the reality that women abuse children , nor have I run across a book book that explores the more subtle , passive aggressive evil of the non-offending parent , who either in deed , or in willing ignorance , permitted the abuse to happen .
The dynamic of the perpetrator has been thoroughly explored , but all too often in the literature , the non-offender is excused as another victim , with responsibility diminished or nonexistent .
The list of slights and omissions is endless .
I mention a few to illuminate the problem ; of greater concern is the cause .
The obvious target of blame is society at large : the ingrained taboo against speaking about incest , the tacit permission granted by the absurd notion that children are property .
No matter the gender of the survivor or the perpetrator , all of us must battle ignorance and prejudice , silence and ostracism , to tell our stories and to heal .
Yet a climate has been created wherein a survivor of male - perpetrated sexual abuse can find venues in which they can speak their truth and hear others , where we can testify about our wounds and debate needed changes to stop the violence .
There is no comparable venue for survivors of female abuse .
I think the nature of this exclusion runs far deeper than traditional societal pressures to keep silent about child abuse .
The prejudice partially seems to stem from an idealization of womanhood : from a perception that women are incapable , not just of violence per se , but of violence against their own children .
Both society at large and , to a great degree , the originators of much of our current psychological theory seem to be blind to the reality of the testimony of legions of survivors .
This inability to confront the reality of women 's violence comes from more than just an idealization , of course .
Male perpetrators , by their physical nature , tend to leave demonstrable evidence of the more extreme forms of abuse : a penetrating penis tears and scars .
There was no mutilation of my body when my mother forced her five year old son to perform cunnilingus .
Damage to the soul the law cannot identify , measure or quantify .
The nature of female sexual abuse is by nature far more subtle and harder to identify and define than that of males .
One penetrates , the other envelops , one tends to be overt , the other tends to covert .
Female perpetrators can mask their sexual abuse under the guise of normal childcare ; for example , my mother could have easily explained her torture of my genitals by claiming that she was merely bathing me a bit too enthusiastically .
But she never had to explain her actions until I confronted her , because no one defended me , nor would anyone have believed me , if I had the temerity to complain .
Male survivors also must transcend the societal attitude that sexual initiation by an much older woman is a rite of passage , especially when the perpetrator is not a relative .
I 've posed a hypothetical question to several people while trying to explain the dynamic : A thirty - two year old man has sex with a willing fourteen year old woman .
Is that seduction or rape ?
Everyone answered , " Rape . "
Trade genders of perpetrator and victim and the standards of ethics and morality change .
I did n't get " lucky " when I was a fourteen year old .
I did n't enjoy a necessary transition into manhood .
I was raped .
I was exploited by a woman of vastly greater power and experience , and I cope with the aftereffects to this day .
Yet that horrible victimization is neither understood or acknowledged by society at large , and the lies that brand my experience as an initiation sound suspiciously like the rationalizations of a perpetrator .
Yet the denial of female perpetrators is not just the common denial of society at large of any and all incest , or merely a product of the idealization of women .
There 's a sneakier and uglier force at work , the dark , political side of many of the pioneers in incest recovery .
I can't prove it , and I 'm not going to name names , for few leave an overt hint of their prejudice .
For what it 's worth , I offer my opinion .
The crucial , ground breaking work to expose the wide range of sexual assault was done , and in large measure continues to be done , by women invested in changing a society that actively discriminates against women , that perpetuated a brutal system that sexually exploited women .
To awake society to the very real holocaust , a subtle demonization of men began in media , with a concurrent and equally inaccurate sanctification of women .
It was women who described themselves as feminists that motivated this dynamic and promoted the supposition that women were pure victims of a patriarchal society , innocent of any crimes .
I give great credit to the women who pioneered in healing for incest , for I doubt that I would be alive today if they had not blazed a path , yet at the same time , I am angry about their exclusion of males as victims and of women as perpetrators .
There is no question that men do perpetrate in greater numbers than do women , but that is no excuse for ignoring that women do perpetrate .
The indiscriminate blanket shaming of all men without regard to their individual actions served a greater and somewhat noble purpose - guilting men into making necessary changes in themselves - yet it has had a destructive side effect by masking female abuse under the guise of incapacity : that women were naturally unable to perpetrate such abuse .
I believe that the founding mothers of our recovery movement , whether consciously or unconsciously , ignored the issue , for to accept that women abuse revoked women 's claim to moral and ethical superiority over men .
No one enjoys the painful process of exploring their own dark side .
Given that seventy per cent of perpetrators were abused themselves , it is inescapable that women were infected themselves , and had the evil of the monsters introjected into their core .
Accidents of gender do not grant a natural immunity to the acting out of rage , though there is evidence that women tend to act in while men tend to act out .
Not all women turn their inevitable rage into themselves , however .
My grandmother molested my mother , and my mother molested me ; my paternal grandmother molested my father , and my father molested me .
I did not perpetrate , and I can only ascribe that miracle to grace , not to accident of gender .
Yet I am a man , condemned by the current orthodoxy , while those women who inherited the disease continued to spread the disease .
I am not alone as a victim of female abusers , yet our voices go unheard in the cacophony of victims at best , and are actively silenced at worst .
The painful irony of this dynamic is that survivors of female abuse are dramatic proof that women are created with the potential for the full range of human behavior , up to and including the most vile crimes .
That contradicts the dogma both of a large segment of professional therapists and educators and a large portion of the recovery community .
The survivor who breaks the silence , then , is frequently dismissed and shamed by the very people who have the capacity and knowledge to help them heal .
We are tragically revictimized , at times , by those we look to for assistance in our healing - damned because our wounds are not politically correct - because we challenge the notion that one sex is safe while the other is dangerous .
It would be a neat solution , and such a comfort , if we could assuage our fears by being wary only of men , and blaming only men .
Oh , to know our children were safe , and assure their safety by turning our vigilant eyes on only one sex , knowing our backs were protected by stalwart and incorruptible women .
If only that were the truth .
But you and I know that women do abuse .
And you and I must speak that truth .
I went to a wine and cheese reception at the university last Thursday morning and these academic wingdings can be a dangerous way for me to start the day .
One minute I ’m skewering a cheese square and talking to the Dean about my new course idea , and the next it ’s two a .m. on Monday morning and I ’m sitting on a velvet couch at a club in midtown with a guy named Sven who is holding my hand , promising to make my hiccups go away .
Because the English department is rife with political unrest — when not teaching , professors are working hard and fast to get their colleague ’s Distinguished Professorship revoked — no one would attend a non-mandatory gathering if it were not held in the middle of the work day .
They are thus scheduled , so that professors , lured by free food , might wander in between classes , or else , stop by for a drink on their way to the faculty restroom .
And so , at 11:15 a.m. last Thursday — I teach creative writing and literature at a college in upper Manhattan — I found myself facing a buffet table of booze .
Here ’s how it started : I am completing my office hours with the door closed , so as not to be bothered by noisome students , and am getting ready to attend the reception down the hall .
Making sure my hair is pulled back neatly , with my other hand I run a lint brush over my sport jacket — I like to dress conservatively so as not to draw attention to myself .
In professional attire , I ’ve found , police are much less likely to issue a ticket when they stop you , mid-stream , from pissing on the sidewalk ( I refuse to wait on night club bathroom lines and often go outdoors , claiming what Camille Paglia calls “ squatter ’s rights ” ) .
Also , owing to my staid costume , students and colleagues would not readily suspect me of not having gone home the night before a seminar , of being still partially drunk , of using my office computer to search for free porn sites , of sneaking slugs from a tall - boy Silver Bullet — the beer that kills werewolves — that I ’ve hidden behind my desk .
A short string of pearls , a cable knit sweater , a pencil skirt , a blue gold - buttoned blazer and brown pumps — like this , I think , I well conceal whatever level of mania I am at any given moment operating under .
At 11:15 a.m. , I wander into the party getting into and out of mini-chats with various colleagues as I make my way to the far end of the room .
Unlike myself , many of my peers choose hip and / or disheveled ensembles , sometimes incorporating jeans or mini-skirts into their work uniforms .
Whenever I run into a colleague — flashily dressed , with dangling earrings making music as she mills about the mailroom — my heart fills with pity for her .
Holding my breath during the exchange so as not to exhale a whiskey perfume , I smile politely and nod hello .
But while I ’m turning blue , I think too , how boring her life must be , that she should require her clothes to grab attention rather than divert it .
The reception is held in a wood - paneled conference room named for its benefactor , Simon H. Rifkind , and is decorated with a large oil painting of the mustachioed man set into a gilded frame behind the head of a long banquet table .
I make my way to the far end , opposite the oil painting , to where the serving table is .
Veronica , a young Korean graduate student appears at the table beside me and says , “ Great party . ”
I look up quickly from the bottle of Yellow Tail I ’m uncorking , and freeze as if caught .
“ I did n’t eat breakfast , ” she says with her eyes not on me but on the table , as she peruses the assorted comestibles .
She picks up a paper plate and I relax and resume my uncorking of the wine .
“ Me neither , ” I say , explaining my similar position with the wine .
Almost ignoring me , she begins happily spearing cheese cubes with a purple toothpick .
I sip white wine from a plastic cup and survey the room .
A few professors mill about the large conference table chatting about whomever is not present .
Occasionally an insincere burst of laughter breaks through the din — a professor from the speech department .
The laugh — like a metal pot falling on the ground , beginning loudly and devolves into nothing — occurs at regular intervals for the rest of the reception .
Veronica is still hanging over the cheese tray .
She is assembling an army of cheddar squares on her paper plate , and when she has finally amassed something like nine or 12 ( strictly cheddar , though there are a wide array of choices ) , she puts her plate down and thinks , before she begins sawing off a hunk of cheddar from the giant wedge in the middle .
She is n't drinking , I notice .
Just cheese .
She goes on telling me about the magazine she is starting .
“ It ’s going to be like nothing else .
We ’re going to publish fiction , non-fiction and poetry …. ” she says laying the giant slice on top of the gathered cubes .
Everyone is starting , has started , or will start , a magazine .
“ Wild party , ” she says , straightening finally and looking out over the room with me .
“ I heard the president of the college dropped by earlier . ”
Rumors of the president attending an English department party are like rumors of Madonna having shown up at the bar just prior to your arrival at a nightclub .
“ Is that Professor Marshall Berman ? ” Veronica asks , motioning to a scraggly haired man in a tie - dye shirt facing the opposite wall .
“ No , ” I say , as he turns in our direction .
“ That ’s Ken .
He ’s an undergraduate .
He ’s working for Howard ’s literary magazine . ”
I refill my cup quickly with an eyeball to the right and left , like a thief .
I move over to the fruit plate and run into Howard .
About 70 , with flames of white hair framing a face adorned of a few missed whiskers , Howard has been the on - and - off chair of the creative writing department since its inception .
And though he has not published a book in 20 years , his belief in his genius remains unshaken .
Howard has “ ink for blood ” he says , and transfuses his blood regularly into the pages of his once - prominent literary magazine , occupying one thirds of each issue with his work .
His “ fictional ” stories catalogue the lecherous fantasies of an aging , sadly irrelevant writer / professor , whose staring matches with female students all too often gives way to “ a penetration of one ’s daily reality . ”
Frequently referencing
The Inferno , his fictional professor likens spiritual salvation to Dante ’s long sought penetration of Beatrice ’s fiery vagina .
Most common in his work , though , are descriptions of fictional mistresses with “ heaving D-cups bounding down the university path on their way toward the Humanities building . ”
“ Why D - cups ? ” I once asked him , after having finished a recent story of his .
“ Because it ’s fiction ! ” he answered me simply .
Of course , I like Howard .
He drinks too much , is constantly offending colleagues and students without ever realizing it , and most importantly , he appears to like me — a favorable impression perhaps owed to my heaving cable - knit - covered B-cups .
Howard wears berets , a style choice with which I disagree for all its pretensions .
The last time I was at once of these parties , a bit drunk off Yellow Tail ( the preferred wine for readings and academic event planners ) , I plucked it from his head and , poking him in the chest , told him reprovingly , “ You ca n't just go around wearing a beret , Howard ! ”
Later when his back was turned , I snuck down the hall to the mailroom and hid his beret in the English department microwave .
I do n’t know if he ever found it .
He ’s worn berets since then , but I ’m not sure if it ’s the same one .
Perhaps they just sprout from the top of his head naturally , like a lizard ’s tail .
He ’s wearing one when I find him by the fruit plate , and , fingering my lighter in my sport coat pocket , I consider burning it off this time .
Veronica joins our conversation just as I ’ve finished asking Howard if he knows how to erase a Google memory queue .
Every time I type something beginning with F on my office computer “ free porn ” pops up .
But I do n’t tell him that ; instead , I work to impress him , telling of an article on pornography I ’ve just read in a new scholarly journal / litmag hybrid .
“ What kind of pornography do you most prefer ? ” I ask sipping from my cup .
“ The collected Musil , ” he says playfully , commencing one of his stares , as Veronica sidles up beside me , and begins gnashing a hunk of cheddar .
Howard is known throughout the department for his penetrating stares , which he issues , I think , as a way to suggest his genius unrestrained .
He lifts his chin and turns his head in three - quarter profile , thus giving the gaze a sharp cast down across the nose , imitating in this way , a cartoon of a Grecian bust .
An attractive red-haired Young Adult book writer in her 30s joins us .
She is careful to extend her hand and to make eye contact with each of us before announcing to the group something that sounds like , “ My book is made of porcupines and I find myself often shiny about this . ”
I ’ve no idea what ’s she ’s just said and after I make a few requests for her to repeat it , with no better luck , I simply nod .
Howard remarks on her exotic accent and asks her where she ’s from , to which she answers that she hails from the Education Department .
Howard is bewildered , but decidedly untroubled .
He meets the challenge by commencing a short speech about his “ ink for blood . ”
Her eyes are blue and display a characteristic common to the those working in the Education field , which is to exhibit a look of genuine concern at all times .
So that when she asks me after another minute , “ And how are you ? ” it reads less as a social formality and more as if she ’s actually questioning after the condition of my soul .
Howard continues wrestling for her attention .
Talking in small explosions of offense mixed with flattery , he suggests she resembles Dante ’s Beatrice .
She sips from a cup of red wine , and says thank you before the conflicting agendas of their eyebeams become entangled .
Veronica and I watch silently , our breath held .
After a moment , Howard throws an eyebrow violently skyward in an attempt to defeat the redhead ’s gaze , but Beatrice remains unruffled .
A few seconds pass and no one says anything .
I break the silence by making a joke , something about “ incorporating myself . ”
The redhead does not laugh , but turns slowly toward me .
Fastening her gaze on me now , I try my best to return her stare , but her eyes seem almost to widen as I look into them , so much that I fear I might fall in .
Hearing the crackling inferno that awaits , I stiffen with fright and force myself to break away from her gaze and look down into my plastic cup .
She then asks me earnestly , " What will you manufacture ? "
I tell her my company 's slogan : “ Iris Smyles Inc. — ‘ We 're Trying ’ ” And then pressed to explain more , as if it were a serious enterprise I was planning , I go on .
“ You can hire my firm to do anything really , but understand whatever task is asked of us we will most likely fail to complete .
Though we will try , and that ’s all that really matters , is n’t it ? ” I ask .
No one laughs .
It is one of my less successful party anecdotes , and I am ashamed .
I sip my drink nervously and sheepishly re-enter the silence , perspiring beneath the hot stares emanating off both Howard and Beatrice — one , at an angle drawn sharp across the nose , the other straight on , advertising hell fires through the pupils — as they silently criticize my business model .
After another cup of wine , I feel myself on the verge of becoming intolerably charming — or perhaps obnoxious , however you term it — and remind myself to behave , though my private reprimand only fuels my demented good humor .
Our circle has widened with the addition of a female Melville scholar whose most recent paper posited the White Whale as feminist icon , and a gay black Gender Studies professor , whom I immediately like as he is dressed in a conservative suit and bow - tie , which I take to mean he has plenty to hide .
The Melville scholar is difficult company and I try to divert attention away from my nutty chatter by crossing and uncrossing my legs repeatedly , doing this so many times that a woman across the room wonders aloud if anyone else is hearing Cicadas .
My diversionary maneuver only works on Howard , who is directing his genius - stare toward my stockinged legs .
I extricate myself from the conversation , and step a few feet over to visit Veronica again by the cheese .
She is busily accumulating still more cubes and I admire her single - mindedness .
The crowd begins to thin , and I quickly begin polishing off the rest of the Yellow Tail .
Veronica shovels the remains of the cheese plate into her purse .
Sipping and chewing respectively , we watch the party recede into the hall .
The flushed faces of the English department , like red daubs of oil paint , disperse .
The pots - and - pans laugh sounds distantly .
Veronica and I remain a bit longer , implicitly wishing to avoid the throng in the hallway .
I sip my drink .
She nibbles a cracker , throws it away .
The room is finally empty .
Still standing behind the serving table littered with half - eaten refreshments and discarded plastic cups , we survey the empty room , looking out over the long wooden conference table down the center .
I make eye contact with Simon Rifkind ’s portrait on the far wall .
I admire his modest suit and tie and wonder what he used to lie about .
“ What was this party for anyway ? ” Veronica asks me .
“ I do n't know , ” I say .
Veronica zips her purse .
The room is otherwise quiet .
“ It was a good party though , ” she exhales exhaustedly .
“ Wine and cheese ! ” I say , toasting my plastic cup to her paper plate , and with that inaugurate a four - day bender .
Massachusetts is about the last place one would expect a tax revolt , but that 's what 's brewing in Beantown .
The state board of elections recently certified that citizen activists have gathered the 125,000 signatures required to qualify an initiative for the November ballot to eliminate the state income tax .
The Small Government
Act would repeal the 5.3 % income and wage tax , as well as the state capital gains tax , which reaches as high as 12 % .
The ballot initiative would replace the $ 12.5 billion in taxes with . . . nothing ....
It ’s rather amazing the degree to which everyone the bottom has fallen out on Sarah Palin ever since her horrendous Katie Couric interview .
People were n’t too sure she had what it took before .
Now they ’re convinced she ’s a buffoon .
Fareed Zakaria , editor of Newsweek International , just eviscerates her in the latest Newsweek .
It ’s an incredibly well - written , well - documented , and devastating piece of journalism .
And it does n’t just indict Palin , it blasts McCain for risking the future of our country .
Palin Is Ready ?
Please .
Will someone please put Sarah Palin out of her agony ?
Is it too much to ask that she come to realize that she wants , in that wonderful phrase in American politics , “ to spend more time with her family ” ?…
This is nonsense — a vapid emptying out of every catchphrase about economics that came into her head .
Some commentators , like CNN ’s Campbell Brown , have argued that it ’s sexist to keep Sarah Palin under wraps , as if she were a delicate flower who might wilt under the bright lights of the modern media .
But the more Palin talks , the more we see that it may not be sexism but common sense that ’s causing the McCain campaign to treat her like a time bomb .
Can we now admit the obvious ?
Sarah Palin is utterly unqualified to be vice president .
She is a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska .
But she has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start … .
Obviously these are very serious challenges and constraints .
In these times , for John McCain to have chosen this person to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible .
McCain says that he always puts country first .
In this important case , it is simply not true .
Ask anyone to keep count of the number of times they get angry in one day and my guess is the figure would head towards double digits pretty quickly .
If you 're a woman with a stressful full - time job , three children under six , a diabetic Airedale terrier , a pregnant nanny , a partner who also works full - time and a staff of 35 other women to manage then , believe me , that number easily surpasses double digits by lunchtime .
But given our time - poor ( and now cash - poor ) " have - it - all " lifestyle , is n't a simmering level of female fury understandable ?
To be expected even ?
I thought so , until my colleagues suggested I take an anger management course .
Let me explain .
I wanted to commission a debate on how cross women seem to be today - from the media - hyped explosion of aggressive girl gangs to the observation that the women taking part in the BBC's Apprentice seemed to get so much angrier than the male contestants .
" Let 's get someone to test anger - management solutions , " I said .
Ten minutes later my features editor popped her head round my office door and suggested I was the perfect candidate .
The good news ?
My team were n't too scared to suggest anger management to me in person ; I mean I 'm not Tony Soprano for goodness sake .
The bad news ?
When quizzed , a friend confirms I do spend a ludicrous amount of time getting angry about everything and nothing , barely keeping a lid on the " mean reds " as Holly Golightly called them in Breakfast at Tiffany's .
Let 's be clear , I am not the female equivalent of Gordon Ramsay .
I never shout at people , and I cope well in a crisis .
No cover for the October issue ?
I 'm as cool as a cucumber .
Mobile phone lost at bottom of handbag ?
Steam is coming out of my ears .
It 's the small stuff that infuriates me .
I 'm prone to checkout rage , bus - stop rage , taxi rage , and changing - room rage , but it 's mostly white - goods rage that takes up my time .
Other significant fury flashbacks include the time I beat my non-starting VW Beetle Basil Fawlty style with a branch , the day my husband hauled me off the broken dishwasher , as I attacked it with the business end of a Louboutin , and the toaster with a fork permanently rammed in it , like a piece of mad modern art .
But I am not alone .
A recent study by the Mental Health Foundation concluded Britain is becoming an angrier nation , with women finding it harder to control their rage .
Ultimately , I do n't like feeling this cross : it 's tiring and my children have started to mimic my Marge Simpson - like growling .
I set out to try four treatments that each offer a different ethos of tackling anger and stress .
First up is an appointment at the Hale Clinic to see Dawn Templeton , a counsellor and psychotherapist .
She explores the emotions behind my angry outbursts , and the learned behaviour of the sufferer .
She asks how anger was dealt with in my family as a child .
My recollection is that it was fine to show anger , usually quite loudly .
" There is a difference between expressing anger and understanding the origin of the anger , " she tells me .
" By attempting to understand the feelings behind the anger , and often normalise them , you feel heard and hopefully understood .
Once a person feels understood , they can access the feelings underneath the anger , which are often those of sadness , disappointment and grief .
The anger masks those feelings and acts like a protective blanket around us .
" So , if you have had parents who are freely able to express anger this may have given you permission to express your own anger , but - and this is a big but - until you understand your own anger and why it leaks out everywhere , you will stay in a frustrated place , any additional stress on top will cause it to leak out , " she tells me .
Templeton likens my anger to a glass of water , which keeps spilling over the top but needs to be emptied from below .
Counselling is a lengthy process and she recommends six one - hour sessions , which I do n't have time for .
She uses a simple technique , which can help in the meantime .
The TRAIN acronym : " T " , talk to someone ; " R " , relax in a way that suits you ; " A " for activity - keep fit ; " I " for interest , find one ; " N " for nutrition , take care of what you put into your body .
This makes sense to me .
Sometimes I think tiredness may be the reason for most of my anger .
My youngest wakes at around 6 am every day .
Next I try laughter yoga .
The theory is that you learn to fake laughter and thus fool your body into releasing feelgood chemicals that boost your immune system and help you deal with stress better .
Laughter can lower blood pressure and produce endorphins that promote wellbeing .
It is used in hospitals , especially with children , to boost immune systems and generate a positive attitude .
Julie Whitehead , a laughter trainer dressed top to toe in pink , teaches me how to laugh spontaneously , at nothing .
We sing a song ( All my cells are well ) , we " ho ho ho " while waltzing around the room and we try " humour aerobics " , which is literally forcing your face into a smile .
There 's not much yoga , but apparently that would be included in follow - up sessions .
I love the idea of laughter yoga ( just thinking about it makes me , well , laugh ) but I 'm far to uptight for this kind of stress relief .
Though I do try forcing out a spontaneous smile every now and again - it 's especially effective in a tense meeting : weirdly if you smile everyone else does too .
Now for hypnotherapy .
Steve Burns , of the Therapy Lounge in London , explains how he will help me " relearn " my reactions to things that make me angry .
He will programme me under hypnosis .
I respond well .
It normally takes a person three sessions to go into as deep a " sleep " as I do , he tells me after 30 minutes of hypnosis which feels like five seconds to me .
I recall very little .
Frankly I 'm just grateful to be lying on a couch for 30 minutes during the day .
His advice is useful : if you can recognise that you cannot control many situations you are in , your reaction to them is calmer .
It is also about the language you use with yourself .
" I must get that bus . "
Really ?
You 'd like to but in reality you may not ; you have no control over this .
" Must " / " need " / " have to " are harsh words to use .
I now keep a 30 - minute session on my iPod .
It all makes sense , but it takes time and patience .
A little disheartened , I try some ki energy treatment .
Tired , irritable , with the words of South Park 's Cartman ringing in my ears -" bunch of tree - hugging hippy crap " - I reluctantly head off to see Master Oh ( yes , that is his name ) .
But I tell you , if you have n't had a small Korean man in nicely ironed linens belch , yawn , hiss and grunt at you as he painfully pummels your abdomen , you are missing out on something quite extraordinary .
The theory is that ki - or energy - flows through us all .
When it flows freely it keeps us healthy and happy , but when there are blockages the energy slows down and turns toxic , making it difficult to deal with stress and harming the immune system .
This treatment unblocks the blockages .
The ki master re-vibrates your energy with the noises he makes so it flows more fluidly and massages your energy knots .
He also gives you his energy .
I 'm not sure how .
Master
Oh tells me I have a fiery energy and a very sensitive system ; this makes me creative but volatile .
I use all my energy up immediately , he says , and it is all in the upper part of my body , which explains the weakness of my kidneys ( he 's right , I do get kidney infections ) .
Three sessions down the line I feel a lot calmer and a lot less stressed .
This has made a real difference .
I am also sleeping well .
So what have I learned ?
The basic problem is one most working women with young families face - I do n't have enough hours in the day and this makes me impatient and frustrated .
The female ability to multi-task is not a godsend , it is a curse , and I think it makes women secretly furious .
Oddly the ki energy treatment seems to have made me feel physically less stressed and less wired on a day to day basis .
I have slowed down and begun to accept that I cannot control every situation .
Buses will be late , four - year - olds will insist on wearing odd shoes to school , gadgets will defy me .
Being able to show your anger , according to Templeton , is a skill , not a problem .
Keeping it inside is damaging and , she believes , can often lead to various forms of depression .
Counselling is probably the key treatment if your anger is really affecting the way you live .
But I think anger like mine is part of the female condition .
There is a line in the Simpsons movie that sums it up for me .
Lisa tells her mother she is so full of anger she does n't know what to do about it .
" Lisa , " says Marge , " you 're a woman , you can hold onto it for the rest of your life "
· Lorraine Candy is editor - in - chief of Elle magazine
Thu , Sep. 25th , 2008 , 07:41 pm
Going to court .
In December 2002 , I founded
I am seeking and would greatly appreciate donations to help with the cost of litigation .
You can use Paypal (
Oleg Volk 3112 Chambley Ct Hermitage , TN 37076
All donations shall be returned if the lawsuit is ultimately avoided .
You can also aid me by re-posting this appeal on your blog , forum or web site .
My legal position is already endorsed by almost all of The High Road staff as well as Rich Lucibella , the founder of
UPDATE : Derek 's reaction was to disable The High Road forum all together .
He also removed most of the staff who opposed him .
In December 2002 , I founded The High Road forum dedicated to the advancement of responsible gun ownership .
Recently , it was discovered that in 2006 , the volunteer forum systems administrator , Derek Zeanah of Statesboro , Georgia , changed domain registration to himself .
After he was confronted , Derek locked out all other staff from accessing the Web server administration and would not share even backup copies of its content .
After failed attempts to peacefully resolve the dispute , it has become necessary for me to initiate a lawsuit against Derek Zeanah for the return of thehighroad.org domain name and the forum database .
I am seeking and would greatly appreciate donations to help with the cost of litigation .
You can use Paypal ( olegvolk@gmail.com ) or send a check to :
Oleg Volk 3112 Chambley Ct Hermitage , TN 37076
All donations shall be returned if the lawsuit is ultimately avoided .
My legal position is already endorsed by almost all of The High Road staff as well as Rich Lucibella , the founder of The Firing Line forum .
UPDATE : He also removed most of the staff who opposed him .
Using an acronym followed by one of the words composing that acronym
" ATM machine " is a common example of RAS syndrome
RAS syndrome ( where " RAS " stands for " redundant acronym syndrome " , making the phrase " RAS syndrome " self - referential ) is the use of one or more of the words that make up an acronym ( or other initialism ) in conjunction with the abbreviated form .
This means , in effect , repeating one or more words from the acronym .
Two common examples are " PIN number " / " VIN number " ( the " N " in PIN and VIN stands for " number " ) and " ATM machine " ( the " M " in ATM stands for " machine " ) .
The term RAS syndrome was coined in 2001 in a light - hearted column in New Scientist . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Many style guides advise against usage of these redundant acronyms , [ 4 ] but they continue to have widespread usage in colloquial speech .
Examples [ edit ]
Other nonce coinages continue to arise .
Select examples of RAS phrases include :
HIV virus ( human immunodeficiency virus virus ) [ 5 ]
LCD display ( liquid crystal display display ) [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
PDF format ( portable document format format )
UPC code ( universal product code code ) [ 8 ]
GPS System ( global positioning system system )
Reasons for use [ edit ]
Although there are many instances in editing where removal of redundancy improves clarity , [ 9 ] the pure - logic ideal of zero redundancy is seldom maintained in human languages .
Bill Bryson says , [ 9 ]
" Not all repetition is bad .
It can be used for effect ... , or for clarity , or in deference to idiom .
' OPEC countries ' , ' SALT talks ' and ' HIV virus ' are all technically redundant because the second word is already contained in the preceding abbreviation , but only the ultra - finicky would deplore them .
Similarly , in ' Wipe that smile off your face ' the last two words are tautological — there is no other place a smile could be — but the sentence would not stand without them . " [ 9 ]
A limited amount of redundancy can improve the effectiveness of communication , either for the whole readership or at least to offer help to those readers who need it .
A phonetic example of that principle is the need for spelling alphabets in radiotelephony .
Some instances of RAS can be viewed as syntactic examples of the principle .
The redundancy may help the listener by providing context and decreasing the " alphabet soup quotient " ( the cryptic overabundance of abbreviations and acronyms ) of the communication .
Acronyms and initialisms from foreign languages are often treated as unanalyzed morphemes when they are not translated .
For example , in French , " le protocole IP " ( the Internet Protocol protocol ) is often used , and in English " please RSVP " ( roughly " please respond if it pleases you " ) is very common . [ 4] [ 10 ]
This occurs for the same linguistic reasons that cause many toponyms to be tautological .
The tautology is not parsed by the mind in most instances of real - world use ( in many cases because the foreign word 's meaning is not known anyway ; in others simply because the usage is idiomatic ) .
See also [ edit ]
Josh Groban 2008 Emmys
Just like the VMAs or Oscars , I just do n’t give a shit about the Emmys .
However , this weekend ( September 21 ) , when this year ’s 60th Emmys were held , something pathetically fun occurred , which , I ’m sad to say , I regret not saying it live .
I mean , I ’m still watching this stuff as I type and I ’m almost rolling over the floor !
Yes , I ’m talking about the now notorious Josh Groban ‘ performance ’ of over 30 TV series theme songs , spanned across 30 years of show biz .
Yup folks , Josh went through such classic theme songs like the ones for the The Simpsons , Friends , Happy Days , The Golden Girls , Mister Rogers ’ Neighborhood , The Andy Griffith Show , Love Boat , Law & Order , The Addams Family , The Muppet Show , The X Files , South Park , The Jeffersons , Baywatch , The Brady Bunch , COPS , The Fresh Prince of Bel Air , Saturday Night Live , Late Show with David Letterman , Late Night with Conan O’Brien , Ed McMahon , Rawhide , Two and a Half Men , Gilligan ’s Island , MASH , The Carol Burnett Show .
Sure , not all of them are Ave Marias , but who are we to judge ?
Still , part of me is just boiling inside seeing such immense talent wasting himself over crap like this , but , hey , guess what ?
The other part of me is still rolling over the fuckin floor !
P.S. For more Josh Groban goodness , you definitely have to check this out !
Enlarge By Alex Wong , Getty Images Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , speaks to the media on Thursday after a bipartisan meeting on Capitol Hill to discuss a $ 700 billion bailout plan for the nation 's financial crisis as Sen.
Charles Schumer , D - N.Y. , Sen . Robert Bennett , R - Utah , and Sen. Jack Reed , D - R.I. , listen .
FINANCIAL TURMOIL FINANCIAL TURMOIL
More coverage : Recession is official , economists say KEY ELEMENTS KEY ELEMENTS
A bipartisan group of lawmakers said Thursday they agreed to the outlines of a $ 700 billion bailout for the financial industry that makes several substantial changes to President Bush 's request .
Key Republicans were still resisting the emerging agreement .
Here are its main elements : Authorize $ 700 billion for the government to purchase troubled assets and buy equity in distressed financial firms .
Require the Treasury Department to make rules to prevent excessive compensation for executives whose companies benefit from the rescue .
Establish a strong oversight board with authority to halt the program , a special investigator general to monitor it , and regular government audits .
Require the government to renegotiate mortgages it acquires under the program with the aim of helping borrowers keep their homes .
Phase in the money for buying troubled assets , with $ 250 billion available immediately , $ 100 billion to be released if the Treasury secretary certifies it is needed , and the last $ 350 billion available with another certification , but subject to a congressional vote to block it .
WASHINGTON 
No one said it would be easy .
Despite unprecedented calls for quick action , the White House 's $ 700 billion plan to rescue the financial industry appeared to fall apart late Thursday , less than 12 hours after a market - soothing deal seemed likely .
A convergence of financial concerns , presidential politics and partisan rancor created an unexpected Washington drama with the nation 's economic future hanging in the balance .
House Financial Services Committee Barney Frank , D - Mass. , accused House Republicans of refusing to negotiate in good faith and told President Bush " to go to work " to find GOP votes needed to pass the plan .
At one point Thursday , a somber Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson kneeled before Democrats at the White House while urging them not to publicly criticize Republicans — and risk sending the financial markets plunging .
Meanwhile , Republican presidential nominee John McCain issued a statement acknowledging that a bipartisan White House meeting he appeared to have sought to help showcase his leadership skills on the economy had devolved into a " contentious shouting match . "
Financial markets had shot up midday Thursday when leading lawmakers from both parties announced they had reached an agreement in principle after nearly a week of talks on the Bush administration 's plan aimed at restoring chaotic financial markets and easing an escalating credit crunch .
But the good feelings seemed to evaporate about the time a new player entered the fray : McCain , who a day earlier had dramatically announced he was suspending his presidential campaign to return to Washington to help end the financial crisis .
Conservative House Republicans distanced themselves from the bipartisan agreement and promoted an alternative they said would put taxpayers ' money at less risk .
Tension over the competing plans boiled over during the White House meeting among congressional leaders , President Bush , McCain and Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , McCain 's Democratic opponent in the presidential race .
What had seemed like it could be a triumphant moment of bipartisan problem - solving ended with the participants scattering , with no formal announcements and with signs of deep discord .
At one point during the meeting , Bush said that without fast action to help the financial industry , " this sucker could go down . "
The stakes of the meeting were evident after it broke up , when Democrats were huddled for a post - meeting conference in the White House 's Roosevelt Room .
Two sources with knowledge of the situation but not allowed to speak of it publicly said there was a knock on the door and Paulson , who helped devise the administration 's plan , asked to come in .
Paulson then pleaded with the Democrats not to blow up the deal by criticizing the House Republicans .
The Democrats countered that they had been working with Paulson all week amid criticism of the plan from their own party and constituents .
Paulson repeated his plea that they not do anything that would spook the financial markets Friday morning and genuflected in front of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif .
" I did n't know you were Catholic , " the speaker quipped .
Democrats angrily accused House Republicans — and McCain , in particular — of grandstanding .
" John McCain did nothing to help .
He only hurt the process , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , said after attending the White House meeting .
Sen .
Chris Dodd , the Banking Committee chairman who was among those announcing the agreement earlier in the day , questioned whether the White House meeting was a cynical GOP effort to make McCain seem like a statesman at a time when voters ' economic concerns have hurt McCain in the polls .
" For the life of me , I do n't know how what was going on ( at the White House ) was anything except political theater , " Dodd said after the meeting .
' Members have concerns '
In an interview with ABC News after the White House meeting , McCain rejected the notion his moves were politically motivated and said , " I know we are making progress . "
He said the enormous scope of the legislation has several members of Congress unwilling to commit to the agreement announced earlier Thursday .
" Members have concerns about a bailout … or an expenditure of $ 700 billion of taxpayers ' money , " McCain said .
" This is the biggest thing of its kind , obviously , in history . "
In a statement released late Thursday , McCain 's campaign said that he " did not attack any proposal or endorse any plan , " and that he urged " all sides … to cooperate and build a bipartisan consensus for a solution that protects taxpayers . "
House Republicans pushing the alternative plan maintained that they had never signed on to the proposed principles for the financial rescue announced earlier Thursday , saying the senior GOP lawmakers taking part in the talks did not have the authority to speak for the rank - and - file .
" At the end of the day , it 's a $ 700 billion bailout , " said Rep. Scott Garrett , R - N.J .
" It puts the taxpayers on the hook . "
" Does it protect the little guy ? " asked Rep. Tim Murphy , R - Pa. , another critic of the bipartisan deal .
" We 're asking taxpayers to be on the line , to take the risk .
I do n't want taxpayers to be the ones on the line . "
Speaking at a Washington hotel shortly after the White House meeting , Obama predicted that lawmakers and the administration would reach a deal .
He also reiterated his earlier concerns that presidential politics might infect the negotiation process .
" One of the concerns I 've had over the last several days is that when you start injecting presidential politics into delicate negotiations , then you can actually create more problems rather than less , " Obama said .
But a meeting late Thursday with Paulson and bipartisan lawmakers designed to restart the talks instead underscored how far the situation had devolved .
Frank said Rep. Spencer Bachus , R - Ala , attended but said he did not have authority to negotiate for the House — and instead talked up the House Republican alternative , which calls for expanding federal market insurance and cutting taxes .
Paulson negotiated with Dodd , Frank and Republican Sen. Judd Gregg , R - N.H .
The starting point for talks were the principles agreed to earlier Thursday by House and Senate negotiators , which had emerged after a four - hour meeting .
That compromise would keep the basic structure proposed by Treasury last weekend .
Under that plan , the department would buy up and later resell distressed mortgages , bonds and other assets of financial institutions to try to put a floor under prices and restore market confidence .
The Treasury Department would not get the entire $ 700 billion it requested at one time , however .
Congress would provide $ 250 billion to start , $ 100 billion with additional oversight and the balance later .
The plan would limit the pay of executives whose companies benefited from any assistance , create commissions to oversee the Treasury Department operations and provide more protections for taxpayers , including a plan to secure stock in companies helped by the government .
But even there , progress was limited as Treasury resisted the lawmakers ' efforts to dole out funding in installments .
A rally around an alternative
The meetings came after Democratic staff worked through the night to put together a draft proposal for discussion .
Treasury and Fed officials were not part of the negotiations , though there was back - and - forth on all the proposals and in the hours leading up to the meeting .
The White House has been pushing Congress to craft a plan quickly .
But Democrats also clearly wanted to pre-empt McCain .
After McCain 's announcement that he 'd suspend campaigning , Bush invited McCain , Obama and top lawmakers to the Thursday afternoon White House meeting .
But House Republicans rallied around an alternative to what had been announced earlier as the tentative bipartisan , bicameral agreement .
Bachus , the top Republican on the House Financial Services Committee , told reporters there was no final deal .
Bachus said he and other House GOP leaders were also interested in an alternative being floated by a group of House conservatives who were opposed to the Treasury proposal in its current form .
House Republican Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , also issued a statement saying there was no deal .
Frank , D - Mass. , and others complained that Bachus had not mentioned any of his concerns , or support for the alternative , during the hours - long talks on Capitol Hill .
The conservatives ' plan , which they called a free - market rather than taxpayer - funded solution , was designed to calm the markets by setting up a system of government insurance for mortgage - backed bonds , rather than having the Treasury buy them outright .
They noted that the government already insures half of all U.S. mortgage bonds .
The group would supplement their plan by offering tax cuts and other incentives to lure investors and financial institutions back into credit markets .
" Inaction is not an option , " said Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R - Texas , a sponsor of the alternative plan .
But he and his colleagues said they did not see a way of getting majority support in the House for the Treasury plan .
Frank said the bill had to pass with large bipartisan majorities , including House Republicans , to reassure investors that the policy will remain in place .
" You can't have people thinking that , as a result of an election , this might change , " he said .
Contributing : Barbara Hagenbaugh , Richard Wolf , Kathy Kiely Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Could a spy satellite identify any of us from our shadow ?
Spy satellites could soon be able to identify someone from space by looking at their shadow .
They would use a computer program that searches for the movement of shadows on the ground , and then identifies their owners from the way they walk .
The technique - called gait analysis - relies on the fact that someone 's walking style is very difficult to disguise .
The satellite or spy planes will detect the movement of people 's shadows to identify them
It could be used to monitor known criminals and suspected terrorists using satellites or spy planes .
It could even be used in the hunt for Osama Bin Laden .
There is however a significant catch .
The system , being developed by Nasa , is useless once the sun goes in .
And , although there has been an explosion in satellite imagery and technology in recent years , it is still impossible to recognise someone with confidence using pictures taken in orbit .
Images from high - altitude aircraft and spacecraft show only the tops of their heads .
Experts say aerial shots are no good for monitoring someone 's stride length and walking rhythm .
However , that is not true of shadows .
According to Dr Adrian Stoica of Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California , video from space could provide enough data to confirm a suspect 's identity - as long as details of the person 's walking pattern were on file .
He has created computer software that can seek out and recognise the shadows of individuals in aerial video footage , reports New Scientist magazine .
It isolates moving shadows and uses data on the position of the sun and camera angle to ' correct ' the shadows if they are foreshortened or elongated .
Dr Stoica , who presented his research at a security conference in Edinburgh , said the software then applies regular gait analysis to the corrected images .
In tests on video footage taken from the sixth floor of an office building , the software spotted shadows and extracted information that could be used to identify someone .
The technique is still at the earliest stages of development , and it could be many years before it is used by military , police and intelligence services .
It also has potential flaws .
While satellite gait analysis might be useful in countries such as Pakistan and Iraq , trying to identify a suspected terrorist from a shadow in a rainy Manchester is likely to be fraught with difficulties .
The quality of satellite imagery may also not be good enough to reveal a sharp image .
Space imaging expert Dr Bhupendra Jasani at King 's College London says the sort of geostationary satellites currently pointing their cameras down to the Earth simply do not have the resolution to provide useful detail .
' I find it hard to believe they could apply this technique from space , ' he said .
Aerial surveillance - a key tactic in military spying
Minor differences in gait that can help identify individuals include the length of steps , walking speed , the wiggle of hips and the angles of the knee , ankle and hip .
Aerial surveillance has long been a key part of military spying - ever since 19th century armies began using hot air balloons to observe enemy positions on the battlefield - but in recent years the speed of technological advance has accelerated .
As well as orbiting satellites , spy planes such as the RAF 's Nimrod can circle at high altitude watching the movements of individual enemy gunmen on the ground , by day or night , using high definition thermal cameras .
At the same time unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs - ranging from huge jets the size of an airliner to tiny hand - launched drones a couple of feet across - are now widely used in Iraq and Afghanistan , where commanders on the ground increasingly rely on the images beamed from flying cameras to allow them to track approaching enemies or spot dangers in hostile built - up areas .
I 've been working on a short talk on Fibonacci numbers for a friend 's math class .
Back when I was in high school , I did a research project on Fibonacci numbers ( their use in planning the growth of a city 's power stations ) , and for a while I had to explain the project endlessly , so I thought I remembered pretty well what sorts of visuals I 'd need -- some pine cones , maybe some flower petals or branching plants , graphics of the golden ratio and the Fibonacci / Golden Spiral , and some nice visuals of natural wonders like the chambered nautilus and how that all fits in with the Fibonacci sequence .
I collected my pine cones , took some pictures and made some slides , then it was time to get to work on the golden spirals .
I wrote a little GIMP script - fu to generate a Fibonacci spiral and set of boxes , then I went looking for a Chambered Nautilus image on which I could superimpose the spiral , and found a pretty good one by Chris 73 at Wikipedia .
I pasted it into GIMP , then pasted my golden spiral on top of it , activated the Scale tool ( Keep Aspect Ratio ) and started scaling .
And I just could n't get them to match !
No matter how I scaled or translated the spiral , it just did n't expand at the same rate as the nautilus shell .
So I called up Google Images and tried a few different nautilus images -- with exactly the same result .
I just could n't get my Fibonacci spiral to come close .
Well , this Science News article entitled Sea Shell Spirals says I 'm not the only one .
In 1999 , retired mathematician Clement Falbo measured a series of nautilus shells at San Francisco 's California Academy of Sciences , and he found that while they were indeed logarithmic spirals ( like the golden spiral ) , their ratios ranged from about 1.24 to 1.43 , with an average ratio of about 1.33 to 1 , not even close to the 1.618 ... ratio of the Golden Spiral .
In 2002 , John Sharp noticed the same problem ( that link does n't work for me , but maybe you 'll have better luck ) .
As the Science News article points out ,
Nonetheless , many accounts still insist that a cross section of nautilus shell shows a growth pattern of chambers governed by the golden ratio .
No kidding !
Google on fibonacci nautilus and you 'll get a boatload of pages using the chambered nautilus as an illustration of the Fibonacci ( or Golden ) spiral in nature .
It 's not just the web , though -- I 've been reading about nautili as Fibonacci examples for decades in books and magazines .
All these writers just pass on what they 've read elsewhere ... just like I did for all those years , never actually measuring a nautilus shell or trying to inscribe a golden spiral on one .
Now do a Google image search for the same terms , and you 'll get lots of beautiful pictures of sectioned nautilus shells .
You 'll also get quite a few pictures of fibonacci spirals .
But none of those beautiful pictures will actually have both the nautilus and the spiral in the same image .
And now I know why -- because they do n't match !
( Happily , this actually may be a better subject for my talk than the nautilus illustration I 'd originally planned .
" Do n't believe everything you read " is always a good lesson for high schoolers ... and it 's just as relevant for us adults as well . )
In Earth Democracy : Justice , Sustainability , and Peace , Indian physicist turned environmental activist Vandana Shiva calls for a radical shift in the values that govern democracies , decrying the role that unrestricted capitalism has played in the destruction of environments and livelihoods .
By no means a new release , Shiva ’s book is incredibly timely as skyrocketing fuel costs jeopardize the rationality of globalization .
Through explaining problems with expanding globalization and privatization of public goods and services , then illustrating examples of communities rejecting the intrusion of corporations into communities , Shiva outlines core beliefs that should result in what she deems “ earth democracy ” , a global community that honors and respects diverse forms of life and their respective cultures .
Shiva begins by noting that the expansion of a global market - based economy has been done at the expense of nature ’s economy and a sustenance economy and that corporations have systematically enclosed the commons .
The commons , those resources that are managed and used by all members of communities , have sustained people and cultures for centuries , but are now becoming privatized , i.e. commoditized , by corporations seeking only to maximize potential profits .
Like colonialization before it , corporate globalization counts on claiming resources outside of the scope of ownership and inside the trust of the commons of people who cannot mount a defense against such unwanted impositions and bear the brunt of the externalities created by short - sighted , greed - based projects .
Through the efforts of the WTO and agribusiness giants , subsistence and small farmers have lost the right to food through the increasing expansion of business - based agricultural methods that cost the farmer and the surrounding communities but benefit the corporations .
True democracy , Shiva posits , must be based on living economies , those that cherish and hold sacred the commons area , natural resources contained within it and the rights that the people have to it .
This living economy must focus on local control of resources and more regulation of a market that has exploited the people who patronize it .
Essentially , we are living in a linear , economy - driven world that is inevitably unsustainable .
An earth democracy will shift how we live to a circular model where the economy is held in no greater esteem than the environment and the resources it provides and the people , for whom justice , fairness , and the right to resources is of equal importance .
Those three components : economy , environment , and people , must be in balance to maintain sustainability .
Earth Democracy is a call to action by Shiva .
By giving living examples of the Indian people ’s resistance to the privatization of resources , collective actions by committed groups of individuals , Shiva demonstrates how people can take back power , must take back power , over resources and our economy , so that people have access to the ability to make a life .
I would highly recommend this book in times like these , to not only see the flaws in how we ’re living now , but to gain hope of what a living democracy can look like .
Related Posts
Unlocked :
The genetic secrets behind pancreatic and brain cancer that could open door to new treatments
The genetic secrets of two of the most deadly cancers have been unlocked by scientists in a breakthrough that paves the way for a host of new treatments .
In the biggest study of its kind , researchers have found dozens of broken , missing and overactive genes that trigger the growth of potentially lethal tumours of the brain and pancreas .
The results help to explain why the cancers are so hard to treat with conventional drugs .
They also open the door to new tests and drugs to stop the diseases in their early stages .
Unlocked :
Two teams of scientists worked on the impact of defective genes on pancreatic and brain cancer
Cancers arise from changes that accumulate in cells ' DNA over the course of someone 's life .
The changes can eventually lead to a cell 's uncontrolled growth .
The new study - which involved researchers from 18 universities and institutions - decoded the DNA of brain and pancreas tumour cells taken from more than 40 patients .
The findings suggest that a conventional war on cancer is unlikely to succeed , according to US expert Prof Kenneth Kinzler , one of the researchers involved .
' The landscape of human cancers is clearly more complex than has been previously appreciated , ' said Prof Kinzler , from Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions in Baltimore , Maryland .
' Fighting it is going to be more of a guerilla war than a conventional one because there are dozens of mutated genes in each tumour .
Individually , these mutations do n't seem formidable .
' But working together , they form an enemy that will require us to develop novel strategies to combat them , and the best long - term strategy may be early detection of tumours , when the number of guerilla warriors is still small and more easily handled . '
Deadly : Around 4,500 brain tumours are diagnosed each year in the UK and most people die within 14 months of diagnosis
Two teams looked at pancreatic cancer and the most common and dangerous form of brain cancer , glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) .
Their results were published today in online versions of the journals Science and Nature .
One team of scientists - which included Prof Kinzler - analysed the DNA of more than 20,000 genes from 24 pancreatic and 22 brain tumours .
They found around a dozen chemical pathways in cells which contribute to the development and growth of the cancer .
They also found 83 gene mutations involved in pancreatic cancer and 42 in glioblastoma .
Members of the second team , focused on brain cancer and analysed 623 genes from 91 tumours .
They identified some genes known to cause cancer but whose role had previously been underestimated along with genes not previously known to contribute to the disease .
Co-author Dr David Wheeler , Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis , Missouri , US , said : ' Studies like this show the breadth of mutation across many genes .
We can see the mutations in all the genes of each pathway that control growth , replication and death in the cancer cell .
' Researchers have never seen the whole landscape like this before , and it 's providing many new insights into strategies to diagnose and treat cancer . '
Pancreatic cancer is the 10th most common cancer in Britain and mostly affects people in middle and old age .
Around 7,400 people are diagnosed with the disease each year - usually too late for effective treatment , meaning most people are given a diagnosis of less than a year to live .
The actor Patrick Swayze was diagnosed with the condition earlier this year .
Around 4,500 brain tumours are diagnosed each year in the UK .
Glioblastoma is the most common and aggressive variety .
The cancer grows quickly and most people die within 14 months of diagnosis .
A reader writes :
As an emergency physician , if I were taking care of a 72 - year - old man with a history of melanoma who was having episodes of confusion I would be extremely concerned .
High on my priority list would be to get a brain MRI to look for metastatic melanoma .
When melanoma metastasizes it commonly goes to the brain .
I do not think the American people should decide whether or not to vote for Senator McCain until he has had a brain MRI and we know the results .
Here ’s a quote from emedicine.com on melanoma :
“ Melanoma has an increased incidence among other systemic cancers in terms of metastasizing to the brain .
About 40 - 60 % of patients with melanoma will have brain metastasis .
Melanoma commonly metastasizes to the brain .
Melanoma cells are closely related to CNS cells due to their embryonic origin and neural crest cells , and they share common antigens such as MAG - 1 and MAG - 2 .
After melanoma is detected in the brain , median survival is 3 months .
These metastases are poorly responsive to all treatments . ”
They found that many Australian workers actually considered themselves zombies .
" They described themselves as ' braindead ' or ' zombified ' , " Schlusser said , and so the pair decided producing a genre version of the real living conditions of today might be closer to the truth than a more realist piece of theatre .
The Zombie State points to the real appeal of the zombie renaissance - beneath the dismembered , face - chomping exterior , there 's something attractive about a figure that need n't worry about mortgages , health insurance and child - care payments .
It even features an Aussie PM tossing a bone to " working families " as he builds up his private store of 2020 " Braaaains " .
" There 's something about the zombie ' coming from within ' and , for all intents and purposes , being one of us , " says Emma Westwood , writer of the recently released Monster Movies .
What Godzilla was to the post-atomic movie - goer of the 1950s - initially a symbolic threat , eventually a sympathetic icon - the zombie is to a generation left cold by consumer culture .
Zombie stories are n't about heroes , political or otherwise .
" It 's a feature of the genre that the stars do n't shine , " says Schlusser .
" The leads are kind of irrelevant .
You want to get to the bit where the hordes of zombies are knocking on the glass doors .
You do n't really care who 's inside . "
Sam O'Reilly 's Fringe Festival show Night of the Devil Zombies will test that theory .
Set in a real house during a zombie outbreak , audiences will barricade doors and windows , find supplies and weapons as they fight off an encroaching undead army .
The director 's experience as a sound designer will recreate the chaos outside : planes overhead , faltering news updates , power failures .
The sorry state of the Florida Marlins was n’t the lead story in sports sections across the country on Sept.
4 — nothing competes with the Yanks ’ blessedly dismal disarray or Serial Senior Citizen Basher Manny Ramirez carrying the Dodgers to a division title — but the fact that the day before the Marlins drew a total of 600 fans for an afternoon game at the hideous Dolphin Stadium was fairly astonishing .
Aside from Josh Beckett closing out the Yanks in the ’03 World Series , I ’d never given much thought to the sorry franchise until the beginning of this season when my son got mixed up in a fantasy league at school and ended up with several Marlins .
All of a sudden , when he was n’t rooting for the Bosox , the nattering in between innings while we surfed the MLB Extra Innings package was all about Hanley Ramirez , Dan Uggla , Jeremy Hermida , Cody Ross , Kevin Gregg and Joe Nelson .
I ’m not a National League fan , so my familiarity with these players ( aside from Hanley , who was a top Sox prospect traded to Florida in the Beckett / Mike Lowell deal ) was slim .
Since then , my interest has perked up about the club , and last Saturday night I watched a heartbreaking Marlins loss to the Phillies , which essentially ended their attempt to pull an ’07 Rockies and win a berth in postseason .
And , in fairness , that game did attract some 28,000 fans , but the reality is simple : the Marlins need to move to another city .
I ’m aware that the Florida Supreme Court has apparently paved the way for the Marlins owners to construct a new taxpayer - funded stadium in Miami ’s Little Havana , but anyone who ’s followed the long battle about the relocation has to be dubious that it ’ll ever come to fruition .
( As I said , I have n’t tracked the Marlins before this year on the field , but any baseball fan would be captivated , or repulsed , at the team ’s low payroll , awful attendance and seemingly annual auctions for their best players . )
Back in 1999 , while on a trip to Miami , my older son and I did go to a Marlins game , and with the possible exception of the now - abandoned ( again ) RFK Stadium in Washington , DC , I ’ve never been to a worse venue for baseball .
Not only did it take an hour to get there from our South Beach hotel , but also there could n’t have been more than 2000 people in the stands , and most of them were entirely bored .
So sure , if the team ’s owners can bamboozle the state into a risky deal — there ’s been no indication so far that businesses would pop up in Little Havana and thus jobs created , justifying ( sort of ) the burden on the pockets of residents — a half - hearted mazel tov is in order .
But in today ’s economic climate , I find it hard to believe that this transaction will ever be completed , and meanwhile , while MLB continues to sock away immense revenues , the Marlins players and their tiny base of fans will be left to flounder .
About a month ago , before the flurry of legal action in Florida , I bandied about possible cities where the Marlins could go with Craig Calcaterra and , as he ’s more knowledgeable about the economic ramifications of relocation — Calcaterra ’s a lawyer by day — he immediately shot down my favorite choice : Mexico City .
It seemed like a natural , with the enormous population , the welcome recent influx of Mexican players , and because , at least to me , it ’s a world - class city .
There was some romanticism on my part , as I remembered having a blast as a 19 - year - old going to my first bullfight there with a college buddy , and both of us feeling intoxicated not only by the Tecate beers but the raucous , sold - out crowd that was unlike any other sporting event I ’d ever attended .
Calcaterra sensibly said : “ I think Mexico City would create a huge competitive problem because the elevation is so damn high ( 7300 feet above sea level ) .
It took Colorado nearly 15 years to figure out how to win in that park and it ’s still not easy , so trying to make Mexico City work from a roster construction perspective would be a nightmare . ”
We both agreed that Brooklyn or Northern New Jersey would turn the Marlins into a cash cow , but that the owners of the Yanks and Mets would never let that happen .
Remember that when the Dodgers left Brooklyn over 50 years ago due to lousy crowds and Walter O’Malley ’s prescience of exploiting the burgeoning California market , attendance just was n’t at the same level as today .
The Yankees , who once again drew more than four million spectators in ’ 08 , often played to relatively paltry crowds , even in 1961 , when Roger Maris broke Babe Ruth ’s home run record .
South of the border once again , I also like the idea of Monterrey in northern Mexico , which has a metro population of three million , but the exchange rate discrepancies would raise a stink with the players ’ union and probably scotch such a deal .
One can dream of the day when MLB expands to Havana , but with relations between Cuba and the U.S. still rancorous after Fidel ’s long regime , that ’s a way off .
There ’s San Antonio , another huge Texan city that could fit the bill ; or , ESPN ’s Rob Neyer ’s personal favorite , Portland , Oregon , but I doubt either of those cities have the oomph to build a successful franchise .
Which brings me to Las Vegas , a daring move that ’s as controversial as exciting .
First problem is that MLB commissioner Bud Selig — who has a problem with billionaire Mark Cuban buying the Cubs , for crying out loud — would never go for it , too much vice for his taste .
But as a proponent of legalized gambling throughout the United States , I find Las Vegas very intriguing .
Calcaterra takes an opposite view , with the reasonable argument that casino owners , currently slumping because of the economy would object , believing that tourists attending Las Vegas Marlins games 81 times a year would cut into their revenues .
As for the locals , he points that so many people there work nights in the gambling business and would n’t be able to attend games .
I ’d counter that an increase in tourism for baseball - starved fans would more than compensate , and also create more jobs , but Selig ’s ingrained prudishness probably makes a move to Vegas moot anyway .
One thing is almost certain : the Marlins players are getting screwed and the franchise ( which , since its inception in ’93 has won two World Championships , and has more than intermittently fielded competitive teams ) would prosper by saying adios to Florida .
_____________
A follow - up : The Yankees ’ finale at their “ cathedral ” was as vain as I 'd expected .
Amidst all the hoopla and tears and reminiscences on Sept. 21 — coming to a crescendo after a full season of misty eulogies — let ’s remember that the Steinbrenners ’ motivation for a new ballpark was based purely on increased cash flow .
Jeez , the new Yankee Stadium is across the street from the current version .
The New York Times ’ Dave Anderson , on Sunday , was by far the most eloquent on the subject .
As Anderson says , this was purely a financial move and does n’t deserve much “ fuss . ”
I could n’t stomach all the pre-game ceremonies on ESPN for the curtain - fall , but have to admit that while watching the Yanks beat the Orioles , by far the most engaging 15 minutes was when Yogi Berra and Whitey Ford spoke in the broadcaster booth with Jon Miller and Joe Morgan .
Ford especially was a riot , spinning yarns of the old days , alluding to his carousing with Mickey Mantle , and gently sparring with Yogi about historic plays at the Stadium .
Forty years from now , when the new Yankee Stadium is about to fall , I simply ca n’t imagine Derek Jeter and Andy Pettitte gabbing with the same unassuming charm .
Disney Plus auf Samsung TV : Unterstützt mein Gerät die App ?
Wenn du auf einem Samsung - TV streamen willst , gibt es eine Grenze , an der dein Gerät möglicherweise zu alt ist , um kompatibel mit dem Disney - Streaming - Service zu sein .
Cafferty to Blitzer : ' Do n't make excuses ' for Palin RAW STORY
Published : Friday September 26 , 2008
Print This Email This
For those who feel sympathy for Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin during her recent response to a question on the bailout , here is a word of advice .
Do n't tell Jack Cafferty .
The CNN anchorman lambasted Palin for her thoughts on the $ 700 billion bailout proposed by the Bush administration .
After showing a clip of the Alaskan governor 's Friday interview with Katie Couric on CBS '
The Early Show , he had this to say .
" If John McCain wins , this woman will be one 72 - year - old 's heartbeat away from being president of the United States , and if that does n't scare the hell out of you , it should , " Cafferty said .
He asked viewers to write in opinions about Palin 's qualifications for the presidency and then turned to Wolf Blitzer and said this :
" I 'm 65 and have been covering politics , as have you , for a long time .
That is one of the most pathetic pieces of tape I of ever seen for someone aspiring to one of the highest offices in this country . "
This video is from CNN's Situation Room , broadcast September 26 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
I have spoken at dozens of weddings , but never at a civil ceremony .
Being a vicar , it was something of a challenge .
" The law will not permit the use of any wording , readings or music which may have religious connotations at a civil marriage , " is how the Weddings in Westminster brochure explained the limitations .
That seemed a mighty sweeping prohibition - I can get " religious connotations " from pretty much anything .
Under these circumstances , what could I say that would be of any use to the happy couple ?
Indeed , what could I say at all ?
I phoned up the register office people to explain my plight .
Things got worse .
They were n't sure if I could say my few words wearing a clerical collar .
And it was suggested that I might have to submit my script in advance for clearance .
I had heard about this bonkers state of affairs before - of a couple who were banned from having a CD of Robbie Williams singing Angels at their wedding because it was too religious - but this was my first run-in with the secular culture police .
This summer , all over the country , wedding couples will be told that they can't have a Shakespeare sonnet or Elizabeth Browning 's How Do I Love
Thee because it has some whiff of the divine about it .
In the end I made a gag about the restrictions and spoke , tongue in cheek , about the chemistry of love : testosterone , oestrogen , oxytocin , phenethylamine .
I made no use of the banned G word .
Instead , I drew chemical symbols on large boards that I then presented to my atheist mates Mick and Nicky with the no - doubt hopeless explanations of what these chemicals brought to a relationship .
But why have we prohibited from civil weddings some of the most moving and thoughtful reflections on the ways of the human heart ?
Why are we allowed only to paint from the limited palate of strict empiricism when this , above all days , is when we ought to be making fullest use of the language of love ?
I left the wedding grumbling to myself about secular control - freakery , all pumped up to write something fierce about the way the secular has turned into a campaign for the systematic eradication of all religion from the public sphere .
But I had got this one all wrong .
There is no secular plot - indeed , the truth is almost the reverse .
In 2005 , the government published a consultation document on proposed changes to the current guidelines .
" The religious organisations who responded were unanimous that no readings from religious texts should be allowed , even if they did not directly refer to the deity . "
The Catholic bishops were totally against allowing religious texts to be used .
" Through secular use their particular religious meaningfulness can be diminished , " they argued .
So , the reason you can't mention God in a civil ceremony is because the churches wo n't allow it .
If there is any control - freakery here , it is from church authorities acting as though the Bible were their property and that they alone have the wisdom and responsibility for interpreting God .
Members of the public can't be trusted to understand the Bible on their own or to use it respectfully .
Just think - horror of horrors - what if a gay couple were to want a Bible reading at their civil partnership ?
Here , then , is the real scandal behind the prohibition of religious readings in civil ceremonies .
It 's all about monopolising the divine .
In 1401 , Henry IV passed a law that forbade ordinary people owning a Bible .
Those caught were burnt at the stake .
The Reformation did away with this - the Bible was to be available for all and did not require a priest in order to show people how it must be understood .
Which is why , at a civil wedding , the couple ought to be able to have whatever readings and music they choose .
There is no secular transgression here , for it grants religion no special privileges .
It simply recognises that the Bible is literature too - and owned by no one .
· Giles Fraser is the vicar of Putney
giles.fraser@btinternet.com
" I do n't believe in stoicism .
I freely admit to not being a brave soul who grins and bears the pain and soldiers on , " she says in the video , filmed during one of her last day trips from her hospice bed .
" I deeply admire people who rise above the adversity and their suffering .
But I have n't grown from my illness or become a better person from its torments .
All I want after 16 years of painful Crohn 's disease and now cancer is to die a pain - free peaceful death .
" Because euthanasia was banned in Australia I am denied this right … " We finally have in Kevin Rudd a prime minister who is a person as well as a politician .
A man who had the conscience to say sorry to our indigenous people , the integrity to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
" I beg the Labor Government to continue beating with the heart it has shown and to ensure euthanasia is made legal once again .
" The law would n't let a dog suffer the agony I 'm going through before an inevitable death .
It would be put down .
Yet under the law , my life is worth less than a dog's . "
In the film , Flowers says the stress of having to hide her activity from her family , friends and medical staff made her even more ill , and her composure cracks as she relates how she contemplated violent ways to end her life such as jumping off a building .
" I have been robbed of both my living and my dying , " she says , her large eyes peering out from her pale face .
" At a time when I want to spend what good days and precious moments I have left having meaningful time with the people I love , I 've had to cut myself off , writing questions and notes , making inquiries , doing research .
" If euthanasia was legal , I could have ended my days as I chose , finding peace before leaving this world , not panic and more pain . "
The video is one of two she filmed in her final weeks ; in the second she explains to those she loved how her excruciatingly painful Crohn 's disease had meant she could n't spend more time with them .
For half of her life , the illness had at its worst , left her bedridden in agony , and at best , anxious and socially withdrawn .
As her friends studied and celebrated and spent summers at the beach , Flowers stayed at home , too often sapped of the health , energy or confidence to join them .
She was a private person , and kept her disease a secret from many of her extended family and friends for a decade .
She is scathing of the medical profession - her trust eroded by conflicting advice , poor bedside manners , and unbearable pain .
Flowers gave the films to Philip Nitschke and his group Exit International , which she encountered in her search .
It was through them that she learnt Federal Parliament overturned the Northern Territory 's world - first euthanasia law in 1996 .
She also learnt about Nembutal , a lethal drug often used in euthanasia , but the idea of an arduous trip to Mexico to obtain it was quickly discarded .
So , on Dr Nitschke 's advice , she used that very generation X tool , YouTube , to broadcast her appeal for Nembutal .
Flowers did obtain a dose , but she never used it .
No one knows why - perhaps the fear of implicating family members , or the need to also take anti-nausea drugs to keep the Nembutal down .
She suffered the bowel obstruction she had feared and died on August 19 .
Her older brother Damian , 34 , was with her , and believes she was still in pain despite massive doses of morphine and other painkillers .
In her last hour , he held a bowl under his sister 's chin as she vomited faecal matter .
" The peaceful ending was n't there , " he told The Age .
" From the death she could have had , taking the Nembutal , saying her goodbyes to friends and family , having everyone there for her and being where she wanted to be , compared to what she did actually go through , it just does n't bear imagining .
" How can that be right ?
How can society believe terminal patients should be put through awful agonising deaths ?
Angelique was n't afraid of dying ; it was more the way she was going to die that she feared . "
While Flowers may not have believed she was brave enough , her family credit her inner strength with helping them through the ordeal .
Damian and older sister Michelle hope her public appeal brings about legal change .
The Victorian upper house this week voted down a private member 's bill giving terminally ill people the right to die with the help of a doctor .
But hopes are higher for a private member 's bill introduced by Greens leader Bob Brown in Federal Parliament .
That bill , on which debate and a vote is expected to be held in the life of this Parliament , seeks to restore the right of the Northern Territory or the Australian Capital Territory to legislate for voluntary euthanasia .
Dr Nitschke , who met Flowers twice and intends to send her video to Senator Brown and Mr Rudd , described her as an eloquent advocate who was able to distance herself from her own plight .
" I found her an amazing and intriguing person … it 's certainly a very powerful voice , " he said .
In her videos , Flowers talks of happier times and her achievements - the fact she rated in the state 's top 7 % of students in year 12 , and her pride at completing a degree in professional writing despite her illness .
She recalls " one of the most wonderful experiences of her life " , a four - month trip to the United Kingdom and Europe in 2006 , where she travelled to literary sites including Oscar Wilde 's grave .
Loading
Before she was diagnosed with cancer , she wrote three books of inspiring and humorous quotes - a tough task when , at times , she could hardly hold a pen - that her family now hopes to have published .
" I just want you guys to know that I have no regrets … I would have liked to have done more things in my life but the things I was able to do I am proud of , " she says .
( CNN ) -- Republican presidential candidate John McCain is just holding on like a boxer before he gets knocked out , comedian Chris Rock says .
Comedian Chris Rock told Larry King he 's proud of Barack Obama 's character .
Rock , an avid supporter of Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , spoke with CNN's Larry King on Thursday .
He said Obama is more grounded with your average American -- not somebody like McCain with " 12 houses . "
" The other guy [ McCain ] can lose five houses , " Rock said .
" I 'll go with the guy with one house .
The guy with one house is scared about losing his house . "
Watch Chris Rock describe a beaten up McCain »
King began the interview by asking Rock about Thursday 's economic bailout talks when Obama and McCain went to the White House for discussions with the nation 's top leaders .
KING : Obama and McCain at opposite ends of the table .
What do you make of it ?
ROCK : What do I make of it ?
If this was a boxing match , McCain would be holding .
KING : Holding on ?
ROCK : Yes .
It 's like he got hit really hard in the stomach like , ' OK .
I can't let him go .
He 's going to knock me out . '
So that 's what appears to be going on right now .
Just a hold .
KING : Has the financial crisis affected you ?
ROCK : Larry , I drove a cab over here tonight .
When it 's over , I 'm going to try to pick up some more fares .
I 'm losing everything , Larry .
KING : Really downtrodden ?
ROCK : Yes , it 's real bad .
KING : Have HBO paid you already ?
ROCK : They have paid me , but the money is worthless now .
Have n't you heard ?
Your money 's worth nothing .
KING : You must be ... proud that at this stage in our history a black man is running for president on a major ticket .
ROCK : Um , you know what ?
I 'm proud Barack Obama 's running for president .
You know ?
If it was Flavor Flav , would I be proud ?
No .
I do n't support Barack Obama because he 's black .
KING : I said just as a proud feeling .
That 's normal .
ROCK : There 's a proud feeling because of the character of the man .
You know , I was -- I supported John Kerry and , you know -- and what 's my man ?
Al Gore .
KING : Al Gore .
ROCK : But this guy seems to be a little bit more .
He seems to have watched other peoples ' mistakes and , you know , seems to have a little bit more going on .
KING : From a comedic stand point , who is funnier , McCain or Obama ?
Seriously .
Is Obama not -- it 's hard to be funny about Obama ?
ROCK : No , no .
It 's weird .
People ask me that all the time .
...
McCain jokes are just easy jokes , like I do n't want a president with a bucket list .
That 's like a McCain joke .
Those jokes are easy .
It 's like you basically , you know , you know , take the dust off your Reagan jokes and tell them again .
You know ?
But Obama , oh , this is a whole new set of jokes .
I got to find a whole new move to the basket here .
So I kind of hope he wins .
KING : Did n't you introduce Obama at a rally ?
ROCK : I introduced Obama at the Apollo Theater not too long ago .
I think Obama would be great .
I mean , just look the big thing right now is the economy .
And people are going broke .
And here :
The choice is n't Republican or Democrat .
The choice is you got a guy that 's worth $ 150 million with 12 houses against a guy who 's worth a million dollars with one house .
KING : Well --
ROCK : The guy with one house really cares about losing a house , because he is homeless .
The other guy can lose five houses and still got a bunch of houses .
Does this make any sense ?
Am I the only one that sees this ?
KING : It 's unique way of ...
ROCK : I 'm just saying , John McCain could lose half his houses .
KING : You got a point .
ROCK : And sleep well .
KING : You and Bill Clinton were on Letterman on Tuesday .
You had some problems with the tone of his endorsement of Barack Obama .
...
Do you think Bill is hesitant about Barack Obama ?
ROCK : You know what ?
You know , he did a great speech in Denver .
And Hillary 's been on the campaign trail .
Just at that moment , if you watched what happened on David Letterman , it appeared he was holding back .
And when you tell a joke and everybody laughs , it is not because they disagree with what you 're saying .
So --
KING : They get it ?
ROCK : Yes , they get it .
The whole audience was in on it .
But , you know , hey , the guy 's in a weird position there .
His wife ran for the thing and she did n't win .
KING : The next night , on " The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart asked Clinton about the Letterman appearance and Clinton suggested that Obama supporters who questioned commitment are missing the point .
ROCK : It was great .
It was great .
And you 're right , [ Obama ] does need to get some of the votes that went to Hillary and all that .
I do n't understand any Democrat that voted for Hillary that does n't support Obama .
Because their views are pretty similar .
You know what I mean ? ...
I understand people supporting Mr. McCain .
But a Democrat that 's going to just be mad is -- there 's something kind of really messed up about that .
KING : Have you always done political humor ?
ROCK : You know --
KING : When you started , did you do politics ?
ROCK : I 'm interested in the world .
Jon Stewart does political humor .
Bill Maher does political humor .
I talk about stuff the way guys would talk about it at the barber shop .
I do n't belong on any panel on this show .
You know what I mean ?
I do n't deserve to be near Roland Martin and Anderson Cooper and all these guys .
I try to talk about politics in a way a guy that works at UPS would understand .
KING : You did a lot of Brooklyn stuff .
ROCK : I do all sorts of stuff , Larry .
All sorts of stuff .
You know , I hope Obama wins just because , you know , the country needs it .
The country needs a change .
We kind of seen what this whole McCain thing is .
And I 'll go with the guy with one house .
The guy with one house is scared about losing his house .
KING : I never thought of it that way .
ROCK : It is that simple .
All About Chris Rock • Barack Obama • John McCain
by twit
because this is getting ridiculous .
From the Anchorage Daily News on August 31 , 2008 :
Q. Are you ready to be President Palin if necessary ?
A. I am … I am up to the task of course .
Of focusing on the challenges that face America and I am very pleased with the situation that I am in , when , when you consider the situation now that Alaska will be in .
And that is Alaska , and Alaskans will be allowed to contribute more to our great country and they ’ll be allowed to do that because I — if we ’re elected — will be in a position of opening the eyes of the country to what it is that Alaska is all about and what Alaska has to offer .
MIAMI -- Ricky Williams says he was briefly tempted to smoke marijuana during the Miami Dolphins ' bye weekend , an act that could have ended his roller - coaster NFL career .
Williams has been in the league 's substance - abuse program since 2002 and has tested positive for marijuana .
Williams told The Miami Herald for Tuesday 's editions that when players were given Friday off , " Automatically your mind , which is so constrained since training camp began ... says , ' I 'm free , what can I do ? ' "
" So there was definitely an urge , " he said .
" But I just thought about what I have to lose , and it was easy .
The urge did n't last very long . "
Since 2004 , the Dolphins running back has played only 16 NFL games , including three this year .
If Williams were to smoke marijuana again , he would likely be out of the NFL for good because he already has violated the league drug policy four times .
" There 's no space , no wiggle room for me , " Williams said .
He said that does n't scare him , because he feels he 's in control and on the right path .
He said he successfully fought off the latest urge to smoke by meditating instead , which gives him the same " feeling of being free " as marijuana .
" A lot of times when people have some kind of addiction , what happens is they make a mistake and trip up and afterward say , ' I do n't know what I was thinking , ' " he said .
" If you always try to be aware of what is going on in your mind , you wo n't ever get to that point where it 's too late . "
The 1998 Heisman Trophy winner and 2002 NFL rushing champion said it 's normal to have an urge to smoke .
Williams is tested nine times per month on a random basis .
The man who administers the urinalysis for the NFL sometimes shows up at Williams ' home before dawn .
Williams said he will not smoke marijuana again while he's in the NFL , but he 's uncertain whether he 'll abstain when his career ends .
" I 'd be lying if I said I 'm never going to do it again after I 'm done , " he said .
" I do n't know .
I do n't spend much time thinking about it . "
Seriously … these answers are impossible to believe !
edit 2 : video was annoying cause it autoplayed … you can see it by clicking on the read more below .
“ She knows more about energy than probably anyone else in the United States of America . ”
My ass she does , I would confidently say that I know more about energy issues in this country than she does , and I am but a humble blogger …amazing .
edit 1 : just found this …
Seems Palin was for Obama before she was against him .
Dear McCain campaign its a little thing called VETTING … it means you like take a couple weeks and have a real hard look at the person you are going to pick for the SECOND MOST IMPORTANT JOB IN THE COUNTRY .
Perhaps you should have done more than a Google search .
UPDATE !!：
id : propella さんがすばらしい翻訳を公開してくださいましたので、そちらをどうぞ
"-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --"
Is " Software Engineering " an Oxymoron ?
[ PDF ( 勝手ミラー版 ) ]
タイトルの訳はよく分からないのですが 「 “ ソフトウエア工学 ” は矛盾表現か？」みたいな感じでしょうか。
これは 、Croquet （Squeak システム上に構築された仮想３Ｄ空間オーサリング用のフレームワーク 。Qwaq 社による商用化もされている）の最初の公開バージョンのマニュアル（Croquet0.1.pdf）の付録に掲載された文章なのですが、なぜか公式サイトからは消えていて、ググって見つけた勝手アーカイブから入手できる元の
PDF でも絵が壊れていたので、それを直してあらためて当該文章だけ
PDF 化して勝手ミラーしておきました 。
真 の “ ソフトウエア工学 ” と呼べるものはまだないけれど、次善の策として動的結合というものが役に立ちそうなこと、それをメッセージングで実現することでどんなメリットがあるかなどが語られていて、メッセージングのＯＯと抽象データ型のＯＯとの（要素だけ挙げると共通項も多そうな気がする両者において）決定的なスタンスの違いを際だたせるのに役に立つ内容ではないかと思います。
あと、動的言語というと巨大システムの構築や長期プロジェクトには向かないというのが現在の“ 常識 ” となっているわけですが、メッセージングという“ ツール ” と、Smalltalk システムという “ 実績 ” を持つアラン・ケイの頭の中ではそれが真逆になっているのもおもしろいですね。（ただ、動的な言語ならなんでもいいというわけでもないので
LISP 以外の動的言語のファンはぬか喜びしないほうがよさそうです。言語が動的でも、処理系自体が古い“工法”で作られていたらダメだと思うので。詳細は原文を）
以下、内容をおおざっぱにメモ。自慢することじゃないですが、訳はかなりいいかげんなのでできるだけ原文にあたってください。
▼（イントロ） 真の “ ソフトウエア工 学 ” というものは、まだ存在しない。
今のソフトウエア技術者は、エンパイアステートビルを一年、3000人以下で造り上げた技術者たちが用いたようなアイデアやツールを持ち合わせているとは言えない。
今 の “ ソフトウエア工学 ” は、あるとしてもエジプトのピラミッドを造っていたころのレベル。
まだアーチ構造が発明される前の状態（文字通り、アーキテクチャー以前）。
ピラミッドは、何十万もの人手で十年以上かけて石を積み上げて造られた。
使われたアイデアやツールも貧弱で、こうした状況は今のソフトウエア開発に似ている。
ソフトウエアにおいて、真に近代的な工学的プロセスに我々を導いてくれる実践は存在するのだろうか？
単純になにかを積み上げること以上に強力な
我々の抱えているジレンマに、似たようなゴールに向かうプロジェクトでも毎回、多くの学習を強いられるという状況がある。
我々がソフトウエアについて本当に知っておくべきことをまだ知らないという事実も原因の一部であろうが、
ランプソンが指摘しているように、ムーアの法則による絶え間ない状況の変化が、似たようなものに見えるゴールを実際は違うものに変容させしてしまっている、ということもあるかも。
▼ The FRAM oil filter principle プロジェクトの進行の途中で、プロジェクトの開始前に知っておきたかったことを発見することは常である。
古いソフトウエア開発スタイルでは、新しい方法が見つかっても、最初からやり直さないかぎり使えない。
ソフトウエアは完成して動き始めてからのほうがコストがかかり、その要因は多岐にわたる。
早期の都合が良く省コスト的に見える処置も、長いライフサイクルのプロジェクトでは後に指数級数的なコスト増を生じさせうる。
▼ Late binding Late binding allows ideas learned late in project development to be reformulated into the project with exponentially less effort than traditional early binding systems ( C , C++ , Java , etc. ) 真の “ ソフトウエア工学 ” と呼べるものが現われるまでは、動的結合が次善の策。
システムを走らせながらテストしたり、変更を加えたりできるべき。
根幹に関わる変更も、インクリメンタルに実施でき、その変更は瞬時に反映されるべき。
危険な結果をもたらす変更に対しては、その“ 取り消し” の手段が複数用意されるべき。
総括的なメモリ管理。ＧＣ。オブジェクトのサイズ変更を安全に行なえる。
何年にもわたって運用され、いろいろなものが追加されたシステムがあるとする。
そこですでに存在する何十万のオブジェクトすべてに安全にインスタンス変数を追加することが可能だろうか？
▼ Modeling and models of all ideas 開発環境それ自体をモデルにすることは有効である 。
（何かを）開発中に得たアイデアを開発環境自身に適用できる。
オブジェクトはどうやって作られるべきか？ 変数とはいったい何者なのか？ まったく違った継承システムを容易に試せるか？
クラスベースよりプロトタイプベースのほうが有効か？
それを実際に確かめて判断できるか？
An extension of modeling basic building blocks is to also model and simulate larger facilities .
Squeak VM にはドキュメント化された仕様はない。 しかし 、Squeak VM には Squeak Smalltalk 自身で書かれ、実際に動かしデバッグもできるシミュレータがある。 （そのコード を
C に変換後、ホス トOS 向けにコンパイルすることで、実際に運用可能な Squeak VM をビルドできる。 ）
▼ Fewer features , more meta 将来必要になるすべての機能を予測することはできない。
必要なのはメタな機能。
多くのソフトウエアはノンメタな機能満載の言語で書かれてしまっている。
C++ や Squeak Smalltalk のように、メタな機能はあるがユーザーのメタスキルの欠如がそれをスポイルする場合もある。
総じて、今のプログラマの多くは、静的結合の言語で学習しているため、メタプログラミングを学びにくいという問題もある。
▼ What are the tradeoffs of learning " calculus " ?
Squeak のような動的でメタな機能を有するシステムでは、equivalent mechanism や、文法、日常的なプログラムを（通常の言語処理系や
OS 同様に）学ぶこともできるが、そうしたことだけではなく、
新しいアイデアを得たり、それでシステムにパワーを与えるのには何が必要かを改めて整理したりすることも学ぶべき。
Squeak のようなシステムには、新しい解析学（微積分学）を学ぶような心構えで接するといい。
解析学というのは、代数学や幾何学のたんなる延長ではなく、新しく、たいへん強力な方法論を我々に提供してくれる。
解析学を学び、パワーとして利用できるようになるには１ヶ月では足りないかもしれないが、１年もあれば多くの人には十分だろう。
100年前の建築士は誰も、まだ、テンソル解析というたいへん強力な解析学を学ぶ必要がなかったが、
構造物にかかるねじれや圧力、張力を解析したりシミュレートするのに役立つ非常に美しい新しい数学
しかし 50 年前にはもう、この新しい数学を流ちょうに操れることは真の建築士には当たり前のことになっていた。
Squeak のようなシステムを学ぶことで得られるパワフルで今までとは違ったアイデアは、このテンソル解析が提供するものと似ている。
《 そしてそれはテンソル解析を学ぶよりもっと簡単に得られる。》
これらのアイデアは、今はまだ慣習化されていないが、そう遠くない未来にはきっと普通のものになるだろう。
▼ Most of current practice today was invented in the 60s 世の中に受け入れられ浸透するのには時間がかかることに留意する必要がある。
たとえば 、C から C++ が生じるのに為されたことは、1965年ごろの
ALGOL に SIMULA が為したこととほとんど一緒。
Java もよく似ている 。
マウスやハイパーリンクは 60 年代の初頭に発明されている。
HTML は 60 年代の終わりのマークアップ言語 SCRIBE 。
XML はより一般化されているが、それも 60 年代初頭に LISP が実現している 。
Linux はほとんど 1970年の Unix だが、多くのプログラマにとって今まさに 「 ホットなもの」である。
オーバーラッピングウインドウなどの UI は、70年代になってから生じたアイデアなので例外的。
しかし他のほとんどは 60 年代のもの。 新しい技術が受け入れられるのに必要なタイムラグは
30 年ほどだと分かる。とくにビジネスの分野では。
けれども 、Squeak Smalltalk システムで使われている方式や実践は 70 年代半ばに形作られたもの。
まだ 30 年経過していない 。
（ Smalltalk と似たところもある）ピアツーピア・コンピューティングも同時期。
これらのようにインターネットのようなしくみで動作するコンピュータシステムはまだあまり作られていない。
《 この “ 30 年ラグ 説 ” は冗談のたぐいだが、これまでの史実とはおもしろいように合致する 》
大事なことは、ごく少数とはいえ、この新しいソフトウエア開発手法を
25年以上にわたって経験している者たちがいるということ。
つまり、もはや思索の段階を終えて久しく、今や知識や実践例の体系をなしている。
こうした事実は、携わる（ごく少数の）人間には、新しい手法の「現実感」をより確かなものにさせ、
たとえばデスクトップパブリッシングシステムのようなものを従来の手法と、新しい手法で作り分けてみることをしたり、
その結果、動的結合でなら、20分の１程度の小ささで、ずっと少ない人月で作ることができる理由の答えを得ることができたりする。 and yet still runs faster than human nervous systems at highly acceptable speeds .
（他の）大多数のプログラマには、新しい手法を学ぶ動機付けや、いずれは要求となるだろう。
▼ What is it like to learn the new ideas ?
このような柔軟な装置は、どの程度、複雑なものであるべきか。
文法的には複雑である必要はなさそう。
「 主語 動詞 目的語 」で事足りる 。
オブジェクトの世界では、「主語」がメッセージレシーバで、残りの「動詞 目的語」がメッセージ。
重要なのは、こうしたシンプルな約束にしておけば、簡単に新しい表現を読みやすく作れること。
ユーザーは文法とセマンティックスの対応を一対一に保つことができる。
（メッセージの意味はレシーバが把握している）
レシーバたちはちょうどピアツーピア・ネットワークのサーバーのように見なし扱う。
《 この一致は偶然ではない 。 》
ダイナミックなＯＯＰでは、相互にコミュニケートするオブジェクトを前提にシステムを設計し構築する。
オブジェクトシステムが、オブジェクトのみから成り、オブジェクト自身もオブジェクトの入れ子構造でできているなら、我々はこのシステムの構造上の必要とされる知識をすべて得ていることになる。
オブジェクトの内面は、振る舞い。
振る舞いは「役割 」 や「観念」としてひとまとめに扱える。 「 表示されるもの」という役割 「 他のオブジェクトのコンテナやキャリヤ」という役割
「 基本的なオブジェクト」という役割
役割はシステム内での使われ方によっては特異的なものになる。
ユーザーインターフェイスにおけるスライダーウィジェットの役割とか。
子供やプログラマでない人たちには、このスタイルのプログラミングは学びやすいはず。
馴染みの文法。馴染みの世界観。
オブジェクトは、しかるべき振る舞いで体現される役割を持ち、他のオブジェクトの集まりとして構成される。
コンピュータの画面を見て欲しい。
すべてオブジェクトという単一の部品で構成できることに気付くはずだ。
これはすべてエンドユーザーの視点（で完結する）。
それなのに、なぜソフトウエアはこう複雑なものになるのか。
原因の一部は、人間の神経系の特性。 類似性よりは差異のほうに強く反応する。 it is similarities that create small descriptions for seemingly large complex systems .
差異（へのこだわり）は多くの不必要な特例を生じさせ、それらはトラブルの元となる。
「 類似性」（への着目）は、代数学に通じる。 it unifies many seemingly different relationships under a single rubric which represents all .
Squeak のようなダイナミックなオブジェクトシステムを
60 年代に考案したとき、代数学的要素を持つことを予見していた。 オブジェクトの再帰的構造が、少ないもので多くを成せる能力を説明する。
代数学的な知見は、古いスタイルの静的結合の日常のプログラミングでは得られにくい。
ほとんどのプログラマはまだ気づいていない。 子供達はまた、並列という概念を扱うことができるので、
オブジェクトの協調による並列のイベント駆動型のシステムを書くことができる。
それは小さくシンプルなプログラムになる。 一方で、多くのプログラマは「アルゴリズムとデータ構造」から学習を始める。
これは子供達とは逆、つまりシーケンシャルで非オブジェクトな面を助長する。
これは弱い受け身のデータを「神がごとく」コントロールしようとする手法。
こうしたやり方はスケールしない。
私は（こうした 「神がごとき」手法をいったん身につけてしまった）多くのプログラマが、後から「神ではない」視点やオブジェクトの視点を理解するのは非常に難しいと考える。
私の友人で同僚のリードは、 《彼は TCP / IP の / のような人で 、TCP と IP という二つのプロトコルを取り持つ仕事をした 》
ARPA や ODR 、PARC には certain odd humbleness があったとよく指摘する 。
彼らは本当に大きな数々の難題に対し、謙虚な姿勢で対応した。
彼らは自分たちが 「 ごり押し 」 や「神のごとき」手法でこれらの問題を解決する能力を持たないことを分かっていて、
代わりに各問題を finesse する方法を探した 。
Left - wing protesters set fire to barricades in clashes with police
Thousands of left - wing demonstrators gathered to protest against an extreme right - wing rally have clashed with police in the German city of Cologne .
Police said about 3,000 protesters threw stones at officers , while some tried to steal their weapons .
Violence erupted after the protesters tried to halt an " anti-Islamification " rally , which police eventually banned .
The extreme - right Pro-Koeln group had sought to protest against plans to build one of Europe 's biggest mosques .
The police said the decision to ban the rally was a matter of public safety .
' Immigrant invasion '
Some 3,000 police had been drafted in and part of the old city was sealed off as authorities appealed for peaceful protests against a two - day congress called by the Pro-Koeln ( Pro-Cologne ) group .
The mosque is not due to be completed until 2009
Pro-Koeln had hoped 1,500 people would attend the rally in the city centre to oppose the mosque and what they say is an " immigrant invasion " of Europe .
The municipal council has approved the building of the domed mosque , which will have two 55 m ( 177ft ) minarets , in the city 's heavily immigrant Ehrenfeld district .
Far - right leaders from Belgium , Austria and Italy had come to the city for the congress .
It was due to culminate in a rally against " Islamification " and in support of Europe 's " shared , 1,000 - year history " and " Western values and Christian traditions " .
Earlier , the leftist demonstrators blocked two Pro-Koeln leaders from entering the conference venue , pursuing them as they sought refuge on a boat .
Police say they responded with batons after left - wing protesters set fire to barricades .
In a speech earlier on Saturday , Cologne Mayor Fritz Schramma labelled Pro-Koeln " arsonists and racists " hiding under the cloak of a " citizens ' movement " .
Germany is home to three million Muslims , who make up 4 % of the population .
Get the best of CNBC in your inbox
Your Money Your Vote Everything you need to know about the coming election
Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox , and more info about about our products and services .
Tipping his hat to his former colleague in Congress while rejecting calls to support John McCain–his party ’s presumptive nominee–Ron Paul had some nice words for LP presidential candidate Bob Barr in a recent interview .
When talking to CNN host John Roberts , Paul stated that Barr represented the values of the Libertarian Party well .
" He ’s saying the things that he should be saying , " Paul said .
" He talks our language .
So I do really believe that he can have a very positive effect in this campaign , and let the people know that limited government is a very , very important message and the people will have a chance , and that gives them –you know –everybody a choice in the matter . "
Though far from an official endorsement , Paul once again highlighted the positive relationship between these two former colleagues .
This relationship was also made clear in a recent American Spectator article written by J. Bradley Jansen .
The former Paul legislative staffer , who was on staff during the time when Paul and Barr were both in Congress , stated that the two Congressional teams " always worked closely together . "
" Sure , fellow Republicans Ron Paul and Bob Ney joined ‘ Butch ’ Otter who spoke eloquently against [ the Patriot Act ’s ] passage on the House floor and voted against the final passage , but none of them were on the Judiciary committee , " says Jansen .
" Thankfully , we had a former CIA agent and prosecutor on our side who knew the ins and outs and the ramifications of the proposals to fight for our privacy and civil liberties .
He was our ‘ man on the inside ’ for us to share our proposals .
Some of those proposals were adopted and became law . "
Also at this year ’s CPAC , Barr was given the honor of introducing Paul , with what many said was one of the best speeches of the event .
An NDP government would reverse the Conservatives ' softwood lumber deal with the United States , NDP Leader Jack Layton announced Wednesday in the struggling forestry community of Kenora , Ont .
Layton was in the northern Ontario riding to present his party 's policy for the forestry industry .
He criticized the seven - year softwood lumber deal that the Conservative government signed with the U.S. in 2006 and that passed in Parliament in 2007 .
Layton says that nearly 200 mills have closed across Canada in recent years and that the country needs a new forestry strategy to keep the sector alive .
He called the softwood lumber deal a " sellout , " and said the Conservative government broke a promise to help support failing forestry communities and provide loan guarantees for struggling producers .
The deal places restrictions on exports of Canadian - sourced lumber if prices fall past a certain point and confines Canada 's share of the U.S. softwood market to 34 per cent .
If elected prime minister , Layton said , he would restrict raw timber exports and promote the development of more " value - added " processing facilities to protect Canadian jobs .
He also said that an NDP government would develop stronger sustainable forestry practices , overhaul Ottawa 's programs for containing pine beetle infestations and establish FedNor as a fully independent regional development agency for northern Ontario .
The local NDP candidate , Tania Cameron , and Ontario NDP Leader Howard Hampton joined Layton at the event .
Layton will also attend events in Kamloops , B.C. , Wednesday afternoon .
Layton 's policy ' dangerous ' for forestry : Harper
Speaking at an event in Vancouver on Wednesday , Conservative Leader Stephen Harper attacked Layton 's announcement , saying it would leave forestry communities across the country in worse shape .
" I think Mr. Layton 's policy here is very dangerous for the province of British Columbia , and in fact for all forestry communities in this country , " Harper told reporters .
He said Layton 's plan would n't help lumber producers who rely on access to the American market .
" What it means is that the duties we are now paying that go to our own government when the American market is weak and are distributed back to the provinces and lumber communities will now go to the Americans .
That 's what Mr. Layton is proposing . "
Japanese scientists today announced that they are working on the development of a space elevator which will be capable of transporting people ( including those wishing to tie the knot ) and cargo into orbit using as much as 100 times less energy than the space shuttle .
The biggest obstacle , they figure , will be the 22,000 mile - long ( 36,000 km ) cables to run the elevator carriages .
They will need to be both incredibly lightweight and strong and to provide these attributes , the boffins are looking towards carbon nanotube tech .
We ’re still going to need some big advances in engineering , as it is thought the cables would have to be at least four times stronger than the current strongest carbon nanotube fiber ( 180 times stronger than steel ) .
That is n’t stopping the Japanese however , they know how rapidly the technology is advancing .
We ’ve already seen a 100 fold increase in fiber strength in just the last five years .
Japan will be hosting an international conference in November to work out a schedule for the project that they expect will come in at a cost of £ 5 billion ( $ 10 billion ) .
They ’re bound to go over - budget .
If anyone can pull this off , it will be the Japanese .
With their precision engineering and scientific ingenuity , they have a great chance of making this sci- fi vision a reality .
One thing is for sure , even if the elevator is never built , we will inevitably benefit from the breakthroughs and technologies developed through the endeavor .
Source :
Times Online
A British woman called the 999 emergency number when her new pet rabbit did not match its newspaper advert description as its ears were not floppy , according to Central Scotland Police .
The police force , which said on it wanted to highlight abuse of the 999 phone system , also revealed that two callers had rung up within minutes of each other to complain about being splashed by a car driving through a puddle .
" It is unbelievable that anyone should phone 999 to report being soaked by a passing car , ask for a postcode or report that the item bought from a newspaper advert was not as described , " said Chief Inspector Alan Stewart .
- Reuters
Bob Costas presses George Bush on the rise of China and the leverage ( or lack thereof ) of the United States in helping shape our relationship with them .
What does it say about the state of political journalism in this country when a sportscaster -- alebit a well - informed and politically - engaged one -- shows them up in an interview with the President of the United States ?
Download Download
Q But given China 's growing strength and America 's own problems , realistically how much leverage and influence does the U.S. have here ?
THE PRESIDENT : First of all , I do n't see America having problems .
I see America as a nation that is a world leader , that has got great values .
I appreciate the optimism -- especially given the light - hearted atmosphere of the Olympic games -- but let 's get realistic here .
I do n't expect the president to go into a policy speech about the collapsing housing market or unemployment ( not to mention our adventures in the middle East ) but do n't talk to us like we 're children who can't handle the reality of our nation 's problems .
Full transcript available at WhiteHouse.gov .
High mileage Suzuki
I found this picture ( there 's more ) at www.motorcities.com.
According to the San Diego Automotive Museum , where the vehicle ( motorcycle ) is been kept , the fuel efficency is 215.4 miles per gallon .
That 's not a typo .
It holds Guinness World Record for Motorcycle distance on one tank of gas .
2,443 mi on 11.83 gallons of gas !
Picture © MotorCities.com , Inc .
Much later I happened to find an article about the bike and its builder / rider , Matt Guzzetta and I could tell much more about the interesting vehicle .
And a few months later I received an e-mail from Mr. Guzzetta who could tell that the bike actually ran 256 miles per gallon !
1982 Suzuki High Mileage Bike
Engine : 124 cc Suzuki GN125Z , modified with help of Pops Yoshimura
Fairing : sandwich construction built in four pieces of fiberglass and polyurethane
Brakes : modified ( larger than original ) drum brake at the front , no rear brake
Mass : 118 kg ( 260 lbs )
Top Speed : 90 mph ( 145 kph )
Fuel Efficiency : 215.4 mpg ( 0,790 l/100 km ) average , San Diego to Daytona Speedway ,
256 mpg ( 0,665 l/100 km ) at the contest
Street legal model with lights , flashers , mirrors etc .
Designed , built and ridden by Matt Guzzetta , Don Vesco Products
Built to save fuel
Matt Guzzetta , a companion to Don Vesco at the Don Vesco Products , decided to built the most fuel efficient motorcycle in the world .
The year was 1981 and Matt 's goal was to win the Craig Vetter 's Economy Run high mileage contest , held on trafficked highway in California , USA , between San Luis Obisco and Laguna Seca Raceway by Monterey .
Matt Guzzetta called his bike the Project 200 .
His goal was to ride 200 US miles on a gallon of gasoline ( 1,175 l/100 km ) .
There had been vehicles that had already achieved the goal gut not with a street - legal motorcycle with all the equipment required for riding on roads , light , flashers , rear mirrors and such .
It took Matt three months to build his machine .
He used a single cylinder two - stroke engine of a Suzuki GN125 that was later modified with help from the famous trim expert , Pops Yoshimura .
But the first thing to do was to modify the transmission ratios to get most of every drop of fuel by letting the engine run on its most fuel efficient revs .
According to a magazine article from early 1983 Pops Yoshimura was going to use ceramic and synthetic materials on some of the engine parts .
Unfortunately I do n't know what modifications were actually made to the engine .
By the time the article was published , Matt Guzzetta had calculated that after the engine trim the bike could probably manage 260 miles per gallon ( 0,905 l/100 km ) , perhaps even 300 mpg ( 0,784 l/100 km ) ...
Now we know that the bike could not run that long with only a gallon of fuel .
Pops Yoshimura had not touched the engine by the time Matt Guzzetta participated the High Mileage Contest .
The result : 152,31 mpg ( 1,544 l/100 km ) .
Suzuki GN125 had quite small front brake drum before Matt modified it .
It was replaced with a larger one to compensate the rear brake that was removed when Matt modified the rear wheel .
Instead of the drum brake , Matt mounted a starting engine freewheeling system from a Suzuki GS1100 into the rear wheel .
The system let the wheel spin freely ( when riding downhill ) it the chain rotated slower than the wheel , naturally to save fuel .
Matt Guzzetta told back in 1982 that although the High Mileage Suzuki can be ridden on the road , it is not a practical bike .
It can not be leaned that much in corners because of the shape of the aerodynamic fairing , that also makes the vehicle very sensitive for side wind .
 A powerful blow of wind could lift me and the bike in the air and throw us to the Ocean , Matt told in the interview .
 The reason why I am building this machine is to find out a way to get better fuel efficiency for motorcycles with the help of aerodynamics .
We will learn from our experiences and use the knowledge on normal motorcycles when we are done , he continued .
Matt had already experimented with a Suzuki GS1000G shaftie .
By building and mounting an aerodynamic fairing to it he managed to lower the fuel consumption by 22 % on highway speed .
I do n't know what happened after that .
All I know that the best the highly modified Suzuki GN125 could do was 215.4 mpg ( 0,790 l/100 km ) and that the bike is now kept in the San Diego Automotive Museum .
That I could read on the Motorcities website .
Can anyone of you readers tell us more ?
The answer to that question is is Yes ...
See the update below !
Jarmo Haapamäki
Source : Allt om MC , Sweden ( see the article scan below )
Matt Guzzetta had found this page on the Internet and sent me the following message : Update February 4 , 2004
A friend found your information on my motorcycle on the internet and sent me the link .
Hello Jarmo , A friend found your information on my motorcycle on the internet and sent me the link .
Your information is mostly correct , the exception is the mileage we achieved .
The 215 mpg was the total MPG of the entire trip , from San Diego to Daytona Speedway in Florida .
We came in 3rd place in the Vetter Economy run in our 2nd year with a 256 mpg run in the contest .
The 1st place motorcycle won with over 400 mpg .
It would be great to see another contest like that .
Nice site , thanks for the nice mention !
Best regards ,
Matt Guzzetta
The Vetter Economy run was an excellent contest that was run like a rallye .
You had to maintain an average speed for the 100 mile run and if you " broke out " by going too slow , you were disqualified .
The speed was high enough on Hiway 1 that you had to travel at 60 + mph at times to keep the average .
It would be great to see another contest like that .
Nice site , thanks for the nice mention !
Best regards , Matt Guzzetta
Magazine article of Matt Guzzetta 's and Don Vesco 's project bike ( two pages ) .
Click to enlarge .
Published in Swedish Allt om MC , January 1983 .
As you can see , the graphics are not similar to the later version ( see the color photo above ) .
The contest of the article is pretty much the same as the article I rewrote in English ( above ) .
This free site is managed by Jarmo Haapamäki .
If you find this site helpful , please leave a donation for Jarmo
so you can enjoy the spirit of giving too .
Came here from a search engine ?
Click at the home button below to get to the main page with frames .
[ / caption ]
Last year , students from Rhode Island School of Design ( RISD ) were set one of the best coursework projects I ’ve ever heard of .
The project title was called “ Design for extreme environments ” and it was sponsored by NASA .
By extreme environments , we are talking about the Moon , and by design , we are talking about arriving at new concepts as to how to prevent lunar dust contamination inside future lunar habitats .
Since the task was first set , the enthusiastic RSID team have arrived at a concept that NASA will be using in the planning of the 2020 return to the lunar surface …
The Moon is a dirty place .
During the Apollo missions , dust from the lunar surface got everywhere .
The biggest problem for astronauts came when the tiny , sharp shards of regolith ( pulverized bits of rock from billions of years of meteorite impacts ) was disturbed by the moon buggy as the lunar explorers travelled across the dusty surface .
One event in particular stands out as the problems lunar dust can cause .
In 1972 , Apollo 17 astronauts Gene Cernan and Jack Schmitt had accidentally damaged the wheel arch of their moon buggy .
The result was a dreaded “ rooster tail ” was they drove , kicking up dust into the vacuum , causing it to cover everything , including spacesuit visors .
This would lead to vision impairment , scratches of the protective visor coating and ultimately respiratory problems when transported inside the lunar module ( “ LEM ” ) .
Fortunately Cernan and Schmitt managed to repair their moon buggy with a roll of duct tape , possibly saving the lunar surface mission .
Moon dust contamination was inevitable however , even inside the sealed LEM .
So , with the possibility of extended manned exploration of the Moon and Mars from the year 2020 , NASA is re-evaluating the challenges astronauts will face when combating this potentially dangerous foe .
Many scientists are especially worried about the health of manned settlements should lunar dust be allowed into habitats .
Breathing the stuff in could be as dangerous as breathing in asbestos .
When working with the dusty cancer - causing material down here on Earth , specialist breathing apparatus must be worn at all times .
If this were to be the case on the Moon , to fight the health risks associated with breathing in moon dust , short - term and long - term damage could be inflicted on the young colony .
This is where the RISD project comes in .
In preparation for a possible manned return to the Moon in just over a decade , NASA decided to tap into the ingenuity of students from the design school to arrive at some novel ideas as to how eliminate the risk of letting lunar dust into a future moon buggy .
Several design and engineering students and graduates from RISD ’s Industrial Design Department took part in a RISD / NASA research internship focusing on elements of a future lunar module – the descent stage , habitat and ascent stage .
The 2007 summer internship focused on the dust problem .
The students investigated a “ suitlock ” design , an airlock that uses the astronauts ’ space suits as part of the operation to remove any contaminants .
To make access to the lunar surface quick and routine , the research focused on using an existing rear - entry space suit that would be stored inside an air - and dust - tight seal , but the astronauts would be able to slide into the suit whilst keeping the suit itself separate from the habitat interior .
To see how the RISD concept works , view the full - scale mock - up video of the demonstration session .
The RISD concept was taken from paper and consolidated into a full - scale rigid mock up .
The design can now be evaluated by NASA for possible inclusion in the future exploration of the Moon .
This project for the RISD interns is obviously a valuable experience for the students taking their vision and turning it into a “ real - world ” application , but NASA has the chance to learn from the fertile imaginations of design and engineering graduates , possibly taking the exploration of space in an unexpected but advantageous direction …
Sources : RISD , Popular Science
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush will deliver a prime - time speech Wednesday night to put pressure on Congress to pass a $ 700 billion plan to bail out Wall Street , the White House announced .
Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke warned Wednesday that the current Wall Street crisis is the worst the country has faced since the end of World War II and urged Congress to take action on a proposed bailout package .
But members of Congress - including members of Bush 's own Republican Party - have expressed skepticism about the plan drafted by Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
Bush 's speech is due to begin at 9:01 p.m. ET and last just under 15 minutes .
Minutes before the speech was announced , the Democratic leader in the Senate blasted Bush , accusing him of being " absent from what may well be the most important debate on economic policy in a generation . "
" Where is President Bush ? " Sen. Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , demanded on the Senate floor .
" President Bush has sent Congress an unprecedented $ 700 billion bailout proposal - $ 700 billion straight from the pockets of every single man , woman and child in America .
" It is time for him to explain how his plan , drafted literally under the cover of darkness , will help America weather this storm . "
For a little more than a year now , I ’ve been carrying in my wallet a $ 500 Zimbabwean bearer cheque , an odd form of currency designed to expire after a few months , a recognition of the overwhelming inflation in that country .
The $ 500 bill , worth roughly one US dollar when I bought it , was the $ 500,000 before Gideon Gono , the central bank governor , knocked three zeros off the bill in a campaign he called “ From Zero to Hero ” .
That bill is now expired , but it ’s a nice complement to the bill a friend just bought me from Zimbabwe – a $ 50,000,000,000 Agro Check .
That ’s fifty billion … a mere hundred thousand times the face value of my 21 - month old bill .
Of course , that Agro Check is now worth less than a US dollar … and it will be worth less by the time I post this note .
It ’s a good conversation starter – I ’ve been trying to use it for paying for drinks at bars – but it ’s not very much fun if this is the bill you actually need to use to pay your debts .
Doing math with sums that rapidly hit the quadrillions if you ’re trying to buy something like a laptop is pretty surreal .
But you ’re unlikely to be able to buy that laptop with cash – there ’s a restriction in the Zimbabwean banking system that prevents people from taking more than $ 100 billion out from a bank each day .
This leads to some difficult catch - 22 situations – it can cost more to go to and from the bank than you can withdraw in a single transaction .
Sibangani Sibanda in the Zimbabwe Times reflects that it ’s now impossible to get money in Zimbabwe without first borrowing money from friends … and that there ’s less money and less friends in Zimbabwe these days .
Fortunately , Gideon Gono is here to rescue us again .
Not only will the government introduce a new $ 100 billion bill – not enough money to buy a loaf of bread , unfortunately – but they will also lop some more zeros off the bills , possibly six zeroes .
Gono is confident , saying , “ This time , we will make sure that those zeros that would come knocking on the governor ’s window will not return .
They are going for good . ”
Good luck with that , Mr. Governor .
Inflation is now somewhere above 2.2 million percent , suggesting that those zeros will be back in no time .
In the meantime , people are doing what they do in situations where the currency collapses – they use a hard ( er ) currency in response – US dollars , UK pounds and South African rand .
That ’s illegal , but since it ’s basically impossible to use the Zim currency , it becomes pretty essential .
There ’s a certain dark humor to a situation like this – at a certain point , it likely costs more to print these bills – which still feature security threads and watermarking – than they ’re worth .
This situation is called “ negative seigniorage ” in the currency world – it ’s a topic of discussion in the US , where it might now make sense to eliminate both the penny and the nickel , but it likely will be a major discussion in Zimbabwe , now that the country ’s currency provider is no longer willing to sell paper to the country to print more notes .
Update – Gono plans to lop 10 zeros off the currency , turning $ 10 billion into $ 1 new , new Zim dollars .
( Keep in mind that a previous revaluation already removed three zeros , so we ’re talking about a currency where $ 10 trillion from two years ago will now equal $ 1 . Estimates suggest up to 9 million percent inflation . )
John McCain 's campaign is denying a suggestion made yesterday that the candidate 's lengthy response yesterday to the crisis in Georgia was lifted in part from Wikipedia .
" We did not copy Wikipedia in Sen. McCain ’s remarks , " said spokesman Brian Rogers .
Three portions of the GOP nominee 's statement yesterday were seized upon by an editor for the online encyclopedia and sent to blogger Taegan Goddard with the claim that the words seemed to match the Wiki entry for Georgia .
The first two instances , Goddard noted , seemed especially similar .
Wiki 's entry has Georgia as " one of the first countries in the world to adopt Christianity as an official religion . "
McCain 's statement said Georgia was " one of the world 's first nations to adopt Christianity as an official religion . "
On the country 's history , Wiki has : " After the Russian Revolution of 1917 , Georgia had a brief period of independence as a Democratic Republic ( 1918 - 1921 ) , which was terminated by the Red Army invasion of Georgia .
Georgia became part of the Soviet Union in 1922 and regained its independence in 1991 .
Early post -Soviet years was marked by a civil unrest and economic crisis . "
McCain said : " After a brief period of independence following the Russian revolution , the Red Army forced Georgia to join the Soviet Union in 1922 .
As the Soviet Union crumbled at the end of the Cold War , Georgia regained its independence in 1991 , but its early years were marked by instability , corruption , and economic crises . "
McCain aides countered that there are only so many ways to state basic historical facts and dates and that any similarities to Wikipedia were only coincidental .
But they would n't say outright that it was n't consulted .
The deeper concern is that the claim could undermine McCain 's expertise on foreign affairs — one of the campaign 's cornerstones against the more inexperienced Obama .
To rebut this notion , McCain 's campaign shared an internal e-mail from McCain 's top speechwriter Mark Salter laying out the directive from the candidate himself .
" Jsm just called , " Salter wrote Sunday afternoon , reffering to the Arizona senator 's initials in a message to top McCain campaign aides and his Senate chief of staff .
" He would like to explain a little georgian history .
Old nation .
Absorbed into ussr .
Independent after cold war .
Plagued by corruption .
Then rose revolution .
President us educated . "
Then , Salter added , McCain wanted to explain why the issue is important .
" Intimidating and laying marker for others in near abroad like ukraine .
Pipeline etc .
Then get into his recommendations . "
McCain 's statement yesterday followed this exact path , delving into the history of the country and their relationship with Moscow before laying out why the violence mattered to the outside world and what should be done to address the situation .
comments closed
permalink
You ’ve had ’em .
We ’ve had ’em .
With the exception of the Sultan of Brunei , pretty much everybody ’s had an old and ugly — but fuel efficient — beater rusting away in the driveway in his or her past .
And with gas prices doing what they ’ve been doing of late and the economy threatening to implode , those old POSs ( “ pieces of sh*t ” ) are starting to look as tempting as a cold Popsicle on a hot day at the county fair .
Their prices have been on the rise , the poster child for the movement being a 1992 Geo Metro XFi — a car said to get more than 50 mpg — that recently sold on eBay for $ 7200 , according to U.S. News & World Report .
Perhaps now is a good time to mention that the car sold for roughly $ 7200 new .
Pity its new owners , because with cars as with Popsicles , relief does n’t come without the possibility of sobering brain freeze .
And unlike that of frozen juice , brain freeze of the old - Geo variety — or old - Daihatsu , or any old fuel - sipping econobox , for that matter — does n’t go away on its own ; nor does it go away cheaply .
Thus , one should approach a jalopy such as the 16 - year - old Geo in question more as forbidden fruit than as a four - wheeled piggy bank .
Once you take the bite , your life is prone to a slew of problems you might not foresee or do n’t remember about the distinct displeasures of owning a subcompact car from the prior millennium .
Those displeasures include compromised performance , subpar ( even for the vintage ) quality , a horrendous safety record , and , of course , unpredictable maintenance costs that will make brain freeze seem as appealing as a foot massage .
Here ’s why we think the new owners of that Geo Metro are down by way more than just $ 7200 .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Republican defections proved fatal to the massive government intervention , which was rejected 228-205 .
House rejects bailout plan
Treasury ’s $ 700 billion Wall Street rescue plan collapsed in the House Monday , sending a shock through financial markets and leaving the Bush Administration scrambling to find some new way to deal with the credit crunch facing the American economy .
The president said he was “ disappointed ” with the vote and vowed that his administration would “ continue to address this economic situation head on . ”
But House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) – who pushed hard for passage – warned that there was no obvious “ path forward ” and said , “ We need everyone to calm down . ”
Advertisement
Calm was nowhere to be found on Wall Street or on Capitol Hill .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 777 points – its largest one - day point drop in history – and the House chamber turned into a scene of chaos and confusion after a tumultuous and emotional vote .
" The legislation has failed , but the crisis is not going away , " said Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson promised to " continue to work with congressional leaders to stabilize our financial system . "
Republican defections proved fatal to the massive government intervention , rejected 228-205 .
Despite bipartisan appeals from the leadership , anti-Wall Street sentiment and the huge scale of the proposed government intervention proved too much for Treasury to prevail .
Democrats more than delivered a majority of their caucus , and Pelosi held the vote open to bring her numbers up to 140 votes for the package .
But Republicans never topped 70 , and the final GOP split was 133 against the bill and only 65 for the measure .
There were immediate recriminations on both sides .
A switch of just 12 members would have reversed the outcome , and 95 Democrats , many from the left wing of the party , contributed to the defeat .
After the vote , Republicans claimed that the Democratic leadership had been warned that fewer than 60 Republicans would vote for the bill .
Democrats denied the claim , saying they never would have brought the bill to the floor if they had been told there was so little Republican support .
And indeed , as evening approached , Minority Whip Roy Blunt ( R - Mo. ) confirmed that he had told Democrats that he expected 75 Republicans to vote for the bill .
" I guess the Republican leadership is so weak John Boehner could n't deliver 50 percent of the votes , ” sneered Rep. David Obey ( D - Wis . )
“ I thought these were big boys . "
Republicans said Pelosi may have lost votes with a floor speech they considered too partisan .
" We could have gotten it if it were not for this partisan speech that Speaker Pelosi gave , ” Boehner said .
Added Rep. Chris Shays , a Connecticut Republican who also voted for the bill : “ Nancy blew it . ”
" That is an absurd accusation at a time when our country is in deep economic distress , " a Pelosi spokesman fired back .
"
You do n't vote on a speech , you vote on a bill . "
Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) , a key negotiator on the bill , mocked the Republicans for blaming Pelosi , saying he would be " uncharacteristically nice " to a dozen Republicans if it meant they would back the package .
" I 'm ready to work ... I still feel it 's important for the country to come up with some legislation to address the credit crisis , " Frank said .
The presidential candidates weighed in , yet offered stark differences in outlooks .
John McCain campaign advisor Douglas Holtz - Eakin said the bill failed “ because Barack Obama and the Democrats put politics ahead of country . "
Obama , in a speech in Colorado , took a cooler approach , saying , " There are going to be some bumps and trials and tribulations and ups and down before we get this rescue package done . "
McCain , Obama and President Bush had each endorsed the 110 - page bill , crafted in marathon talks over the weekend .
Coming just five weeks before the November elections , the House showdown posed a major test of whether the political center could hold in the face of the threats to the larger U.S. economy .
But it was equally true that sober individuals — like Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke — had recommended a course asking nervous lawmakers to absorb serious political risks .
And with world financial markets watching , the whole run-up to the vote Monday became a gamble itself , a “ no - standing - still , no - turning - back , go - for - broke ” political exercise that has now led to a huge defeat .
In the final day , Bernanke — perhaps the clearest voice in expressing the intent of the intervention — was enlisted to make calls to lawmakers , along with President Bush .
And after a lengthy meeting of House Republicans on Sunday evening , Treasury had hoped that the party was beginning to come together behind its leadership .
“ Colleagues , we ’re in this moment , and if we fail to do the right thing , heaven help us , ” said Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) , an early critic who had since swung behind the measure .
But fellow Midwesterners , like Rep. Judy Biggert , an Illinois moderate , still rose in opposition .
And Shays warned : “ For this to pass , a lot of people are going to have to change their minds . ”
In the end , they did n’t .
“ In my heart and in my mind , I believe that this plan is fraught with unintended consequences , would force generations of taxpayers to pick up the tab for Wall Street losses and could permanently and fundamentally change the role of government in the American free enterprise system , ” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) , who led conservatives away from Bush and their own party leaders .
“ Once the government socializes losses , it will soon socialize profits .
If we lose our ability to fail , we will soon lose our ability to succeed .
If we bail out risky behavior , we will soon see even riskier behavior . "
Speaking from the lawn of the White House , Bush had urged support for the package .
“ I know many Americans are worried about the cost of the bill , and I understand their concern , ” Bush said .
But citing a new report from the Congressional Budget Office Sunday night , the president predicted that “ much — if not all ” of the $ 700 billion will be paid back , and he cast the question as a bipartisan step to help the economy .
“ Congress can send a strong signal to markets at home and abroad by passing this bill promptly , ” the president said .
“ Every member of Congress and every American should keep in mind : A vote for this bill is a vote to prevent economic damage to you and your community . ”
But the Dow was down early Monday in anticipation that the bill could be in trouble , and the news that Wachovia Corp. , facing big losses , would be acquired by Citigroup Inc. in a deal facilitated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. added to the tensions .
The massive intervention , like the crisis itself then , required everyone to go into uncharted waters .
And in crafting the bill , lawmakers found themselves scared by what they were asked to do , even as they were trying to calm frightened markets .
“ There is some tension between the needs of the members and the needs of the markets , ” House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) said of his partnership with Paulson .
“ He thinks neurosis on the part of the markets deserves more credibility than neurosis on the part of elected officials and getting a bill passed . ”
Martin Kady II , Patrick O’Connor , John Bresnahan and Daniel W. Reilly contributed to this story .
By Duncan Bartlett
Business reporter , BBC News
It is only four years ago that Japan 's banking crisis seemed close to triggering a global recession .
Shares are falling as Japanese banks are in trouble yet again Most of the big banks were in trouble and many seemed to be heading towards bankruptcy .
Given their wealth and global influence , it was often said that if one of the big Japanese banks went under , it would trigger a financial crisis that would spread around the world .
That did not happen , mainly because the Japanese banks purged their bad debts before they went out of business .
It was an expensive and painful process , but could provide a guide as to how America and Europe should respond to the current turmoil .
Property - linked lending First , a reminder of how bad things looked in 2002 .
At that point it seemed almost inevitable that one of the huge Japanese banks would find itself insolvent .
It became clear that they had a severe problem with bad debt - money that they had lent to companies and individuals who could not repay it .
During a property market boom , the banks were happy to lend to builders and developers , especially those who were putting money into offices and shops in big cities like Tokyo .
Then property prices tumbled and the developers could not repay their loans .
That has a parallel with the sub prime lending problem in the United States , although in America it was primarily the low income home - owners who would struggle to pay their mortgage that caused the banks trouble .
Painful decision
The result was the same , though .
The global financial crisis
In pictures
Banks were losing money in loans to people who could not repay them and whose collateral , the value of their property , was less than the value of those loans .
The Japanese authorities agonised over what to do .
They slashed interest rates to zero .
They pumped money into the financial system , just as America has .
But in the end , they took the expensive and painful decision to use tax payers ' money to help the banks write off the bad loans .
Making money
The price was enormous .
At least $ 100 bn dollars went on the programme .
The Bank of Japan lent money to institutions at special rates and also bought some of their shares .
The money came with an important proviso ; the Bank of Japan wanted full disclosure of how serious the problem was and a promise from the banks not to let it happen again .
When the figures were made public , they caused shock .
In many cases , this hit the banks ' share prices and caused anxiety to both customers and investors .
Yet by 2006 , most were back in profit and credibility was restored .
The Bank of Japan even managed to make a profit from the whole affair , through selling the shares it bought at the time for more than it paid for them .
Falling shares
However , there is a sad epilogue to the story .
The credit crunch is creating a new world order in banking and finance
Robert Peston , BBC business editor Read Robert 's blog Central banks release more funds Ripples spread from Wall Street losses
Japan - as of September 2008 - is once again on the verge of recession .
Part of the problem is the exposure of Japanese banks to the sub - prime market in the US .
Furthermore , banks such as Aozora and Shinsei have been lending money to Lehman Brothers , which filed for bankruptcy protection earlier this week .
Their bad loans to Japanese customers may have been dealt with but they are still effectively lending money to Americans who cannot repay their debt .
This accounts for the sharp fall on the main Japanese share index , the Nikkei .
Strong export sector
Yet the Japanese economy is not entirely dependent on the fortunes of its financial services companies .
Japan is rich because of scientific innovation and manufacturing , even though a lot of the factories that make Japanese - branded goods have moved to China .
For that reason , the turmoil at the banks and on the stock market will not necessarily cause deep alarm .
Even the return of a recession will be tolerated , provided the engine of Japanese growth - its booming export sector - continues to sell to the rest of the world .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
We connect anything to everything .
Code and wires are our glue .
td ::auto_ptr was a move semantics pioneer .
However , at that time , C++ did n't have the facilities for supporting move operations that were both safe and efficient .
After years of distilling , C++0 x brings you a superior alternative called unique_ptr .
unique_ptr offers the same runtime and size efficiency of auto_ptrin addition to code safety and many other goodies , including array handling , and STL compatibility .
Your program needs a smart pointer that implements the strict ownership semantics but you cannot use auto_ptrsafely with STL containers and algorithms .
Replace auto_ptr with the new unique_ptrclass template .
Presenting the Problem
Suppose your program calls std::sort ( ) to sort a sequence of auto_ptrobjects :
vector < auto_ptr<int > > vi ; //..populate vi sort ( vi.begin( ) , vi.end ( ) , indirect_less ( ) ) ;
Depending on the underlying implementation of sort ( ) , the above call could work perfectly — or it might cause a runtime crash .
The problem is that some implementations of sort ( ) pick an element out of the sequence , storing a local copy thereof :
value_type pivot_elem = * midpoint ;// not a copy operation !
sort ( ) assumes that pivot_elem and * midpoint are equivalent .
However when value_type is an auto_ptr , this assumption fails because what appears to be a copy operation is in fact a move operation .
Consequently , the algorithm fails .
There 's nothing amiss with the implementation of sort ( ) .
Rather , auto_ptris the culprit .
Because of such bugs , using auto_ptrwith Standard Library containers and algorithms is forbidden .
What other alternative do you have ?
On September 29 , 1789 , the final day of its first session , the United States Congress passed “ An act to recognize and adapt to the Constitution of the United States , the establishment of the troops raised under the resolves of the United States in Congress assembled . ”
The act legalized the existing U.S. Army , a small force inherited from the Continental Congress that had been created under the Articles of Confederation .
Although the Constitution of the United States charged Congress with raising and regulating military forces , newly elected House and Senate members delayed acting on this provision .
Busy organizing the federal government and debating the location of the new capital , Congress neglected dealing with the issue of military forces until prodded by President and Commander in Chief George Washington .
On August 7 , Washington reminded both Houses that the provision for troops made under the Continental Congress must be superseded by action under the new Constitution .
The establishment of United States troops was an issue , the president wrote :
… the national importance and necessity of which I am deeply impressed ; I mean some uniform and effective system for the Militia of the United States .
It is unnecessary to offer arguments in recommendation of a measure , on which the honor , safety and well being of our Country so evidently and essentially depend :
But it may not be amiss to observe that I am particularly anxious it should receive an early attention as circumstances will admit ; because it is now in our power to avail ourselves of the military knowledge disseminated throughout the several States by means of the many well instructed Officers and soldiers of the late Army ; a resource which is daily diminishing by deaths and other causes .
George Washington to Congress , August 7 , 1789 , Indian Affairs .
Series 2 , Letterbooks 1754 -1799 .
Letterbook 25 , April 6 , 1789 – March 4 , 1791 .
George Washington Papers .
Manuscript Division
This appeal , delivered by Secretary of War Henry Knox , was not immediately acted upon .
Three days later , on August 10 , Washington again urged Congress to address the issue .
Finally , on September 29 , 1789 , the House of Representatives and the Senate passed the act that officially established the army under the Constitution of the United States .
We now have Obama / Biden and McCain / Palin .
If you are a voter , you will be thinking : " There are some great things and some awful things about both tickets , so how do I know which team will be best for the country ? "
In case you missed it — the country is filled with 300 plus million people , many of whom are deeply in debt .
Before they can even start to pay off that debt , they work 113 days each year to pay off their local , state and federal taxes .
This legal plunder supplements local , state and national borrowing which has produced a kind of snowballing catastrophe , bankrupting municipalities and cities across the country , and creating a nation that owes an astounding $ 100 trillion dollars that it has little intention and less capability of paying back .
That ’s pretty overwhelming .
But there ’s more !
This same nation lays claim to an unsustainable military empire , and in pursuit of easy living and glory has warped its national culture and economy into an ungodly union of Spartan machismo and Bismarckian pre-fascism .
The icing on the cake is not that electoral systems are generally untrustworthy , as are the politicians themselves .
The icing on the cake is that over 100 million Americans will actually show up to vote this November with a fervently held idea that the vote means national change of any kind .
Keeping this in mind — which pair of presidential hopefuls would be better ?
If it is true that a government that governs least , governs best , we need to choose the weakest , least imaginative and laziest candidate .
We want a president and vice president who are able to happily accomplish the limited executive duties as set forth in Article II of the Constitution , and then lie back utterly exhausted , without a single creative idea about what they could do next .
In addition to a weak , unimaginative and lazy candidate , we need someone who will have difficulty working with the idiot Congress .
This difficulty could be the result of different political views ( the fantastical split - party idea ) , real earnestness on the part of the executive branch to serve the Constitution ( unlikely ) , or a personality type that will forestall the " governing " process .
Let ’s examine the choices .
Obama is weak ( good ! ) — but he is imaginative in a socialist utopian way .
Sadly , he is also not lazy , and he appears to be a cooperative team player .
Obama gets one point .
Biden is better on this scale .
He is also weak , and better yet , he seems unimaginative and somewhat lazy !
But like most in the Congress , he has a penchant for working with others to grow government , and is a loyal nurturer of the warfare - welfare state .
Notwithstanding his liberty - destroying neoconservatism , Biden gets three out of four .
McCain is not weak , but like Biden , he is lazy and unimaginative .
And if he really was a maverick — going his own way instead of following the herd — that would be a plus .
But he is a deal - making compromising class clown , secretly yearning for approval and constantly fearing he wo n’t get it .
But for being lazy and unimaginative , McCain gets two points .
Palin is not lazy — a big negative in my book .
She is also not weak , another negative .
But she is unimaginative , and given her apparent willingness to fire people , threaten to fire people , and her failure to fall into line with the GOP network in Alaska , I ’d have to say she is n’t really a team player , past basketball career aside .
So Palin gets two points .
Candidate
Preferred Presidential Qualities
Weak
Unimaginative
Lazy
Non-cooperative
Obama
x
`
`
`
Biden
x
x
x
`
McCain
`
x
x
`
Palin
`
x
`
x
If we look at these presidential teams , both have an equal number of points , but the McCain - Palin team has extra dullness (! ) and provides the only example of combativeness with governing institutions and the fat cats who live in them with the inclusion of the Alaskan .
Comedian Lewis
Black is surely correct , and this country really could use a dead president ( n.b. foul language ) .
If we cannot have a dead president , Black outlines another presidential selection process , one with real possibilities .
We take the latest winner of American Idol ( popular democracy at its best ! ) , blindfold the winner , and have them throw a dart at a large map of the United States .
Then we fly a monkey over the area marked by the American Idol winner , throw the monkey out of the plane ( wearing a parachute , of course ) , and the first person the monkey touches is the next president .
For many observers , this was McCain ’s strategy in selecting his running mate , but the Palin choice was predictable , given McCain ’s internal polling data .
One need read only Richard Land ’s advice to McCain on August 11th to understand McCain ’s gamble .
The happy fact is it does n’t matter who is elected .
The tenor of the fake Washington whine about " free trade and market access " will stay the same .
The annoying Washington complaints and military threats over how some foreign country is n’t treating its people , its minorities , its churches , synagogues , mosques or temples , its women , its neighbors , its resources , its prisoners , its poppy plants and its puppies the way we think they ought will continue .
Waste , fraud and abuse — native to all governments , will continue at a Bushian pace .
We should certainly expect a continued , even accelerated erosion of freedom and liberties in the next decade .
On election day , it will be exciting to watch , and it might be fun to place a bet , and throw your chips down on this or that hand .
But when we are ready to truly change the country ’s direction , we wo n’t wait for an appointed day and month , and we certainly wo n’t line up , ID cards in hand , implicitly legitimizing the criminal empire as we " choose " its next rulers .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
People who believe they have the greenest lifestyles can be seen as some of the main culprits behind global warming , says a team of researchers , who claim that many ideas about sustainable living are a myth .
According to the researchers , people who regularly recycle rubbish and save energy at home are also the most likely to take frequent long - haul flights abroad .
The carbon emissions from such flights can swamp the green savings made at home , the researchers claim .
Stewart Barr , of Exeter University , who led the research , said : " Green living is largely something of a myth .
There is this middle class environmentalism where being green is part of the desired image .
But another part of the desired image is to fly off skiing twice a year .
And the carbon savings they make by not driving their kids to school will be obliterated by the pollution from their flights . "
Some people even said they deserved such flights as a reward for their green efforts , he added .
Only a very small number of citizens matched their eco-friendly behaviour at home by refusing to fly abroad , Barr told a climate change conference at Exeter University yesterday .
The research team questioned 200 people on their environmental attitudes and split them into three groups , based on a commitment to green living .
They found the longest and the most frequent flights were taken by those who were most aware of environmental issues , including the threat posed by climate change .
Questioned on their heavy use of flying , one respondent said : " I recycle 100 % of what I can , there 's not one piece of paper goes in my bin , so that makes me feel less guilty about flying as much as I do . "
Barr said " green " lifestyles at home and frequent flying were linked to income , with wealthier people more likely to be engaged in both activities .
He said : " The findings indicate that even those people who appear to be very committed to environmental action find it difficult to transfer these behaviours into more problematic contexts . "
The team says the research is one of the first attempts to analyse how green intentions alter depending on context .
It says the results reveal the scale of the challenge faced by policymakers who are trying to alter public behaviour to help tackle global warming .
The study concludes : " The notion that we can treat what we do in the home differently from what we do on holiday denies the existence of clearly related and complex lifestyle choices and practices .
Yet even a focus on lifestyle groups who may be most likely to change their views will require both time and political will .
The addiction to cheap flights and holidays will be very difficult to break . "
The frequent flyers said they expected new technology to make aviation greener , echoing comments made by Tony Blair last year , who said it was " impractical " to expect people to take holidays closer to home .
He said the solution was " to look at how you make air travel more energy - efficient , how you develop the new fuels that will allow us to burn less energy and emit less . "
Vienna , September 5 � With Iran�s declaration that it opposes the construction of any undersea pipelines in the Caspian on " ecological grounds " and thus will block any delimitation of the seabed that allows for them and Baku�s decision not to back the West�s push NABUCCO project , Moscow can claim its first major political victory from its invasion of Georgia .
These actions mean that the Russian government will now have full and uncontested control over pipelines between the Caspian basin and the West which pass through Russian territory and will be able either directly or through its clients like the PKK to disrupt the only routes such as Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan that bypass the Russian Federation .
That does not mean , of course , that Moscow now has effectively reestablished its control over the states of this region � all of them have other interests besides oil and gas � but it does mean that Russia has won a major victory and the West , which all too often in recent years has focused on oil and gas alone , has suffered a major defeat .
Yesterday , Mehti Safari , Iran�s deputy foreign minister , told journalists that Tehran opposes the construction of any undersea pipelines in the Caspian because " this can bring harm to the ecology of the sea . "
He noted that exporting countries can send their gas out via either the Russian Federation or Iran ( www.oilru.com/news/81667/).
Given the existence of " such possibilities , " the Iranian diplomat said , " why harm " the delicate eco-system of the Caspian ?
But in making this statement , Tehran was underscoring its willingness to destroy any chance for the completion of the NABUCCO gas pipeline in the near term that the United States and some Western European countries have been pushing for .
And because Washington opposes the flow of hydrocarbons from the Caspian basin out through Iran , Tehran�s action in fact makes it likely that many of the oil and gas exporting countries in the region will now choose to send more or even all of their gas and oil through the Russian Federation , a longstanding geopolitical goal of Moscow�s .
The geo-economic and geo-political shifts in the Caucasus as a result of Russian actions in Georgia were even more in evidence during US Vice President Dick Cheney�s brief visit to the Azerbaijani capital .
According to Russian media reports , it did not go well from either a protocol or a substantive perspective ( www.kommersant.ru/doc.aspx?DocsID=1020720).
First , Cheney was not met at the airport by either President Ilham Aliyev or Prime Minister Artur Rasi-zade .
Instead , he was met by the first vice premier and the foreign minister .
After that , he was not immediately received by the president but rather had meetings with officials of the BP - Azerbaijan oil company and the American embassy .
Then , officials in the office of the Azerbaijani president told Moscow�s " Kommersant , " Cheney was sufficiently displeased with his conversation with President Aliyev that " as a result he even refused to visit the ceremonial dinner in his honor " that the Azerbaijan leader had organized .
On the one hand , Aliyev indicated that he was not prepared to talk about going ahead with NABUCCO until Baku completes its negotiations with Russia�s Gazprom or indeed do anything else to " support Washington and [ thus ] get into an argument with Moscow " given what has happened in Georgia .
And on the other , immediately after the Aliyev - Cheney meeting , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev telephoned the Azerbaijani president , an action which Kremlin sources told the Moscow paper provided Medvedev with the opportunity to explain Russia�s policies and to discuss the possibilities for the Russian and Azerbaijani presidents to meet " in the near future .
"
At one level , of course , all this reflects the continuation of President Aliyev�s commitment to what he and his government call " a balanced foreign policy , " one that seeks to navigate between Moscow and the West by avoiding offending either and seeking to develop strong ties with both .
But at another , the way in which the media have covered Vice President Cheney�s visit suggests that if Baku�s policy remains a balanced one , the balance is rather different than it was before Moscow demonstrated with its invasion of Georgia and its recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia that the game has changed .
Indeed , in reporting this visit , one Baku newspaper used as its headline today words that show just how much has changed over the last month .
" It is not accidental , " the paper pointed out that just after the American vice president left Aliyev�s office the Russian president called ( www.echo-az.com/politica09.shtml).
Posted by Paul Goble at 8:26 AM
[ digg - reddit - me ] Sarah Palin ’s speech last night galvanized Obama ’s supporters and created a surge in fundraising for him .
Tonight , it ’s John McCain ’s turn to speak .
Though it seems unlikely he will inspire feelings as strong as Palin either for or against him , he is the candidate we are running against .
And now that McCain is the official nominee and is accepting federal financing , he will be forced to curtail his spending .
We all know this is an important election .
This is the time to donate for the maximum effect – to allow Obama to out - manuever McCain over the coming months .
Here are some reasons to donate right now , while McCain is giving his speech , and in the immediate aftermath :
Bonus : Because John McCain ’s campaign will be under spending restrictions from here - on out .
And Obama can pursue a 50 - state strategy .
Aside from all this , here ’s my one sentence explaining why I support Obama .
If you think this election will be important , now is the time .
Our moment is now .
Donate tonight .
Believe that there is a better place around the bend , as yet unseen .
And help make that a reality .
Thank you .
Like Loading ...
" If the only tool you have is a hammer , you tend to see every problem as a nail . "
Abraham Maslov
Aug 15 , 2011 12:21 IST
Hollywood actress Cameron Diaz says she would like to work in Bollywood but finds it too tough for herself .
While the 36 - year - old star does know some typical Bollywood moves , she said that she would not be able to work in India 's tinsel town , reported MTV online .
... read more
From : Wei-Hsin Lee < : Wei-Hsin Lee < weihsinl@google.com
Message - ID : < 7b11896b0809081359i3b11d53bl3fcfc0267d5b2325@mail.gmail.com >
To : ietf-http-wg@w3.org
Hi ,
Over the last few weeks we 've been experimenting with a way to get better compression for HTTP streams using a dictionary - based compression scheme , where a user agent obtains a site - specific dictionary that then allows pages on the site that have many common elements to be transmitted much more quickly .
We have a paper that we wrote to describe this idea , which I have put online here : http://groups.google.com/group/SDCH
The specifics in the paper are just one possibility , we 're not attached to the exact model described above .
So far our experiments have been quite encouraging , so we'd love to work with other browser and server vendors to flesh this out .
Is this something that anyone would be interested in ?
Your advices are very welcomed .
Thank you , SDCH team , Google Inc .
From the NYT :
At the insistence of the McCain campaign , the Oct. 2 debate between the Republican nominee for vice president , Gov. Sarah Palin , and her Democratic rival , Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. , will have shorter question - and - answer segments than those for the presidential nominees , the advisers said .
There will also be much less opportunity for free - wheeling , direct exchanges between the running mates .
McCain advisers said they had been concerned that a loose format could leave Ms. Palin , a relatively inexperienced debater , at a disadvantage and largely on the defensive .
Are you fucking kidding me ?
We are now rigging the debate formats to compensate for a know - nothing , mendacious Manchurian candidate drilled in meaningless talking points ?
And the Obama team agreed to this ?
And so did the press ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Drinking can be good for your heart .
But you have to be a lazy smoker with an aversion to fruit and vegetables to reap the full benefits .
In possibly the most unfair medical finding this year , Britain 's leading researcher on the link between health and behaviour , the Australian expatriate Michael Marmot , found that smokers with the worst diets and poorest exercise habits could consume as many as 14 standard drinks a week - the threshold of what is considered harmful under proposed Australian guidelines - and still lower their risk of having a heart attack , stroke or other form of cardiovascular disease .
Greater quantities were less beneficial , though still better for those people than being teetotal .
Taxpayers ' bill leaps by trillions
The federal government 's long - term financial obligations grew by $ 2.5 trillion last year , a reflection of the mushrooming cost of Medicare and Social Security benefits as more baby boomers reach retirement .
That 's double the red ink of a year earlier .
Taxpayers are on the hook for a record $ 57.3 trillion in federal liabilities to cover the lifetime benefits of everyone eligible for Medicare , Social Security and other government programs , a USA TODAY analysis found .
That 's nearly $ 500,000 per household .
When obligations of state and local governments are added , the total rises to $ 61.7 trillion , or $ 531,472 per household .
That is more than four times what Americans owe in personal debt such as mortgages .
The $ 2.5 trillion in federal liabilities dwarfs the $ 162 billion the government officially announced as last year 's deficit , down from $ 248 billion a year earlier .
" We 're running deficits in the trillions of dollars , not the hundreds of billions of dollars we 're being told , " says Sheila Weinberg , chief executive of the Institute for Truth in Accounting of Chicago .
The reason for the discrepancy : Accounting standards require corporations and state governments to count new financial obligations , even if the payments will be made later .
The federal government does n't follow that rule .
Instead of counting lifetime benefits for programs such as Social Security , the government counts the cost of benefits for the current year .
The deteriorating condition of these programs does n't show up in the government 's bottom line , but the information is released elsewhere — in Medicare 's annual report , for example .
Since 2004 , USA TODAY has collected the information to provide taxpayers with a financial report similar to what a corporation would give shareholders .
Big new liabilities taken on in 2007 : • Medicare : $ 1.2 trillion .
• Social Security : $ 900 billion .
• Civil servant retirement : $ 106 billion .
• Veteran benefits : $ 34 billion .
The multitrillion - dollar loss is a more meaningful financial number than the official deficit , says Tom Allen , chairman of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board , which helps set federal accounting rules .
Medicare has an unfunded liability of $ 30.4 trillion .
That means , in addition to paying all future Medicare taxes , the government needs $ 30.4 trillion set aside in an interest - earning account to pay benefits promised to existing taxpayers and beneficiaries .
The amount is sure to rise when the oldest of 79 million baby boomers — 62 this year — reach 65 and become eligible .
Economist Dean Baker says the huge liabilities are potentially misleading because future generations will have greater income .
" If we fix health care , then our deficits can be easily dealt with , " he says .
Enlarge AFP / Getty Images file photo Kathleen Casey - Kirschling last October became the nation 's first Baby Boomer to file for Social Security benefits online .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This Howie Kurtz piece is amazing in many ways but there is one staggering piece of real news buried in it :
" Governor Palin has no history of health problems , " [ McCain campaign spokesman Michael ] Goldfarb says .
" We believe that a candidate should be able to preserve some privacy in this process , and we 're confident the American people will validate that judgment come election day . "
So the only objective evidence we will be allowed to have about Palin 's medical history , including the bizarre story of her fifth pregnancy , is Michael Goldfarb 's assurance that she has " no history of health problems " and that " privacy " trumps even basic transparency and accountability in a national campaign .
For the record , I agree with Sarah Palin who recently said ,
" When you run for office , your life is an open book . "
I have repeatedly demanded Joe Biden 's medical records be released here , here , here , here and here .
I have only asked for Palin 's medical records twice here and here .
This is not about partisanship .
This is about transparency and accountability .
I reiterate my demand for Sarah Palin's to be released as well immediately .
If transparency and accountability do not apply to a candidate for vice - president , then the whole concept of open government and the free press is being held in contempt .
Give us the medical records for both veep candidates .
Now .
We have a right to know the truth before Americans vote .
That 's all .
And that 's everything .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
# 1 – We Only Have 2 Products : Time and Knowledge
No matter how you make a living or who you think you work for , you only work for one person , yourself .
Likewise , you only have 2 products to sell , your time and your knowledge .
Here are a few example scenarios :
Migrant Farmer – Sells hours of his / her life to pick fruit or vegetables for a farmer in exchange for money .
A perfect example of trading hours for dollars .
– Sells hours of his / her life to pick fruit or vegetables for a farmer in exchange for money .
A perfect example of trading hours for dollars .
Doctor – Sells hours of his / her life to perform medical treatments based on the knowledge stored in his / her brain .
A perfect example of trading hours and knowledge for dollars .
– Sells hours of his / her life to perform medical treatments based on the knowledge stored in his / her brain .
A perfect example of trading hours and knowledge for dollars .
Best - Selling Author – Spends time crafting a book based on his / her knowledge or intellectual capacity and then sells the book ( knowledge ) many times over .
A perfect example of trading knowledge for dollars .
The key benefit here is residual , passive income .
In almost all cases of the self - employed , the small business owner is taking information out of his or her brain and spending the necessary time to convert it into a product of value .
This concept confuses some people , and to others it seems obvious .
The bottom line is that customers pay you for your time and knowledge .
Success is achieved by properly crafting the two into one convenient bundle that can be sold many times over ( think of products vs. services ) .
What knowledge do you have in your brain that provides value to others ?
How can you extract this information and sell it ?
# 2 – The Implementation of Knowledge is Power
Knowledge alone is not power !
The implementation of knowledge is power .
Knowledge is simply a commodity ; it ’s a product like any other that has the potential to be sold .
How knowledge is organized , packaged , presented , shared , and received by others is what makes knowledge so powerful .
Knowledge is useless unless it ’s effectively shared with others .
Your ability to educate others in a way that allows them to effectively apply the instruction is what makes knowledge an asset … something worth buying .
# 3 – Time is More Valuable than Money
One of the most important points to understand is the fact that there are two basic forms of currency , money and time .
Of the two , time is the most valuable , for it can not be replenished .
A surplus of time , and the unfettered liberty to do with it as you choose , is the true measure of success .
Your time must be extracted from the formula of making money .
No matter how skilled you are at transferring your knowledge to others , if you are paid on an hours for dollars basis , your ability to expand your business will eventually plateau .
You will run out of time .
The successfully self - employed have made this realization and concentrate the majority of their time and effort on the single greatest secret of self - employment : generating passive income .
Passive income is achieved by applying what you know into a package that can be designed and built once , and then repeatedly sold over and over again .
Finding a unique way to promote and sell this knowlege is the key .
Passive Income Examples : Useful books and guides , time saving computer applications , etc .
# 4 – Success is About Knowing What You Want
Self - employed success is not the byproduct of working your way up from the ground up .
It ’s based on knowing what you want , understanding your abilities and implementing them diligently to achieve your goals .
There are plenty of people who get laid - off from their 9 to 5 day job and end up making millions in a few short years of self - employment .
Judge who denied jailed Democrat 's motion for release was Karl Rove protege
Lindsay Beyerstein and Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Monday August 25 , 2008
Print This Email This
Rove raised campaign money for judge in Minor case
Rove , the Kingmaker
A Conflict of Interest ?
No Crime in Mississippi or Texas
[ email protected ]
[ email protected ]
If the National Retail Federation ( NRF ) has its way , selling goods online will soon become far less anonymous and significantly more onerous for any online auction or discount website .
The NRF has announced its support and testified in favor of three bills : H.R. 6713 , known as the E- fencing Enforcement Act ; H.R. 6491 , aka Organized Retail Crime Act of 2008 ; and S.3434 , the " Combating Organized Retail Crime Act of 2008 . "
As the titles suggest , all of these bills are ( supposedly ) aimed at fighting organized crime rings , but do n't worry — the burdens the NRF would impose upon you are for your own good .
No , really — they actually say so .
According to the NRF's Vice President for Loss Prevention , Joseph LaRocca , the Internet is creating a new , dangerous type of retail thief .
" Thieves often tell the same disturbing story : they begin legitimately selling product on eBay and then become hooked by its addictive qualities , the anonymity it provides and the ease with which they gain exposure to millions of customers , " LaRocca said .
" When they run out of legitimate merchandise , they begin to steal intermittently , many times for the first time in their life , so they can continue selling online .
The thefts then begin to spiral out of control and before they know it they quit their jobs , are recruiting accomplices and are crossing states lines to steal , all so they can support and perpetuate their online selling habit . "
Selling on eBay : it 's worse than a heroin addiction .
Ostensibly , the purpose of these bills is to attack the growing prevalence of Organized Retail Crime ( ORC ) , and no one involved in the discussion claims it is n't a problem .
The theft rings referred to in all three bills are far more sophisticated and determined than your average shoplifter , and when they steal , they steal in bulk .
The largest networks operate over multiple state lines in territories that span hundreds of miles .
The goal of these enterprises is ultimately to redistribute the goods , whether that means selling off the back of a truck or running a major warehouse .
Said warehouse 's customers , in fact , may be perfectly legitimate businesses themselves , with no idea that the Huggies they 're buying to stock on the shelf actually came out of a Wal - Mart two weeks earlier .
Not only are these businesses profitable , they 're also considerably safer than drug running or dealing in other illegal substances , and if caught , the punishment under current federal statutes is much lighter .
The estimated monetary losses to retailers are serious business , even for the mega corporations ; one bill cites the losses due to these operations at $ 30 billion .
Retailers have a compelling interest in reducing the incidents of such theft , and the NRF has backed the aforementioned bills as one means of cracking down on ORCs , or so the organization claims .
Details on each of the bills are presented below :
H.R. 6713 : This bill states that online stores and resellers must " disclose contact information for any high - volume seller ( defined as a seller grossing $ 12,000 or more per year , hereafter referred to as an HVS ) to any inquirer with
standing under this section to seek that information . "
Online companies are also required to retain contact information on
HVSs for three years after the information is received .
Upon the request of an appropriate party ( retailer ) , the online marketplace must attempt to determine , without undue expense , whether the goods or items in question were lawfully acquired .
If the items in question were illegally purchased , or if there 's good reason to suspect they are , the provider is required to remove the auctions and ban the seller .
Failure to comply with the statute is specifically stated as reason enough to seek relief .
This bill states that online stores and resellers must " disclose contact information for any high - volume seller ( defined as a seller grossing $ 12,000 or more per year , hereafter referred to as an HVS ) to any inquirer with standing under this section to seek that information . "
Online companies are also required to retain contact information on HVSs for three years after the information is received .
H.R. 6491 : 6491 covers much of the same ground as 6713 , but expands on the burdens placed on the online reseller .
According to 6491 , online marketplaces are required to " expeditiously investigate " all credible evidence that might indicate
the presence of illegally obtained products .
The company is required to maintain a record of all such investigations for at
least three years .
HVSs , meanwhile , can kiss any pretense of anonymity good - bye ; the online marketplace is required to
maintain a database of information on all such persons .
Said database must consist of ( but is not limited to ) the name ,
telephone number , e-mail address , legitimate physical address , any user identification , and company name .
Want more ?
Good .
If you 're an HVS , the website you do business on is required to maintain a three - year log of all of your transactions , and , your name , telephone number , and legitimate address must be posted in conjunction with any product you intend to sell .
High - volume sellers are also required to provide this information " upon request of any business that has a reasonable suspicion that goods or services at the site were acquired through organized retail crime , its name , telephone number , and legitimate physical address . "
The rest of the bill concerns itself with statute changes and clarifications intended to punish organized retail crime more harshly than is currently permitted under law .
6491 covers much of the same ground as 6713 , but expands on the burdens placed on the online reseller .
According to 6491 , online marketplaces are required to " expeditiously investigate " all credible evidence that might indicate the presence of illegally obtained products .
The company is required to maintain a record of all such investigations for at least three years .
HVSs , meanwhile , can kiss any pretense of anonymity good - bye ; the online marketplace is required to maintain a database of information on all such persons .
Said database must consist of ( but is not limited to ) the name , telephone number , e-mail address , legitimate physical address , any user identification , and company name .
S.3434 : Finally , we have S. 3434 , which pulls no punches .
According to it , any online marketplace presented with
evidence that a person is using the site to fence stolen goods is required to file a suspicious activity report with the
Attorney General of the United States , notify the retailer or business in question that the report has been filed , and begin
reviewing the records of the seller for evidence of other illegal activities .
Note , please , that the seller is not notified
at any point in this proceeding .
This is not an accident of omission , as the bill makes clear .
" No operator of a
physical retail marketplace or online retail marketplace ... may notify any individual or entity that is the subject of a
suspicious activity report ... of the fact that the operator filed such a report ... or of any information contained in the
report or account review .
Furthermore , S. 3434 allows a retailer who suspects goods are being fenced illegally online to presume the guilt of the seller in question .
The retailer ( online or off , in this case ) , may request that the user " present documentary evidence that the operator ( reseller ) reasonably determines to be clear and convincing showing that the transient vendor or user has not used the retail marketplace to sell or distribute items that were stolen . "
The central problem here is that the NRF would place the massive job of policing entirely upon the shoulders of the online resellers .
In the past , companies have cited corporate policies that promote trust between employee and employer , but all three of these proposals ask online companies to gather and maintain extensive databases on their most loyal users , simply because those users might be involved in something illegal .
The bills in question make no allowances for product type — whether you 're selling hand - painted ornaments or Gillette razor blades , if you sell over $ 12,000 a year of anything , you 're on the watch list .
Even more troubling is the fact that passing these proposals would give retailers the right to order an investigation of an individual based on nothing more than a suspicion .
None of the bills we 've discussed today offer retailers or customers any right to challenge the allegations ; S.3434 explicitly forbids notifying a seller that they are , or have ever been , the target of an investigation .
Combine this with the retail industry 's refusal to work with online giant eBay ( as reported by Network World ) because it would have required them to release information , and the proposals do n't seem nearly so clear - cut .
No one disagrees that organized theft is a problem , but blaming the issue on online merchants and eBay Power Sellers , and requiring that companies take aggressive actions to police and track customers in ways that the retailers themselves avoid , due to cost and negative publicity , is duplicitous in the extreme .
The Raw Story
An exhibitor at the 2008 Value Voters Summit – sponsored by the Family Research Council and counting among its speakers former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has been selling seemingly racist anti-Obama waffles .
The product is pictured ( at right ) and portrays Senator Obama closer to a character out of Fat Albert than the man who is running for the President of the United States .
The first image shows a gaping caricature of Obama under the words “ Obama Waffles , ” with the tagline “ Waffling the World Over . ”
The second shows Obama in a turban with the words , “ Point box toward Mecca for tastier waffles . ”
“ I asked the ‘ chef ’ … if he was at all concerned that this might be viewed as a white man putting a black man into a frying pan , ” Raw Story reporter Larisa Alexandrovna wrote Saturday .
“ He laughed and said , ‘ I hope so . ' ”
Summit security would not allow photographs to be taken inside the exhibit hall , but you can view a video from the American News Project here .
The waffles are also sold online .
The site selling them says they are also sold at the bookstore Books - A - Million , though nothing comes up in a search at the bookseller ’s website .
Read more …
( Including how Lou Dobbes bought a box for his wife .. )
Exactly what kind of values do these people promote ?
Looks like the spreading of more spurious lies and innuendo , and blatant racism ..
Gee , sounds like great family values ..
Just stay away from my children .
The Family Research Council calls themselves a Christian organization .
Maybe not so much ..
Actually , they ’re a think tank and powerful group of lobbyists who hide behind religion ) .
Christians follow the teachings of Jesus Christ which are taken from the Bible .
I ’ve read the bible .
I do n’t recall in any of those teachings where Jesus said it was “ family values ” to lie , slander , misrepresent , and smear another human being – ( let along another professed Christian ) – in order to win an election and take control of a government .
I must have missed that chapter ..
I only remember Christ ’s teachings to be about loving one another , and caring for those in need .
Take note of the photo of Barack Obama on the top of the box , dressed in a Muslim head - dress .
These people KNOW Obama is not a Muslim .
They know he is a professed Christian .
I did n’t realize scaring families by spreading lies was a “ Family Value ” ..
This is despicable , and they are responsible from trying to perpetuate a myth and sell fear to people who believe these men of the FRC are spiritual men .
These are not Christian principles , and this group misrepresents themselves by hiding behind the title of “ Christian ” .
They are rich , powerful lobbyists with hateful , dishonest , and destructive tactics – perpetuating lies of this magnitude , and then they laughing about it .
They give Jesus Christ , God , and Christianity a bad name ..
From Wikipedia :
Lobbyists for Jesus ..?
Really ?
Tony Perkins and James Dobson have also been members of the secretive , powerful Council for National Policy .
This is the same group that hand - picked Sarah Palin to be the VP for John McCain .
The Republicans have repeatedly made comments with blatant racial undertones , while couching them as either jokes ( in this case ) or misunderstandings .
( See this and this . )
The speeches given at the Republican National Convention were nasty and divisive .
Republicans are leaving their own party and supporting Obama .
It seems that the Republican Party has taken the Bush mantra of “ Either you ’re with us or against us ” and applied it to their entire party .
Either you are one of them ( white , fundamentally religious , and heterosexual , willing to lie , lie , lie , lie , lie , lie , lie about lying and are mean - spirited ) or you are not .
Let me ask you , are you one of them ?
: : : : : : : : : :
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Al Qaeda remains a dangerous force in Iraq despite a general decline in violence and U.S. troops must continue to confront the militant group , the outgoing top U.S. general in the country said .
U.S. soldiers patrol a road in central Baghdad September 4 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mohammed Ameen
General David Petraeus told al Arabiya television he believed recent success in reducing violence had restored the United States ’ image with Iraqis .
Troops initially greeted as liberators but later viewed as occupiers were now again accepted as friends .
In the interview recorded on Monday and scheduled for broadcast later on Friday , Petraeus was asked whether al Qaeda had been defeated in Iraq .
“ You will not find any military leader who will say this ... all we can say is al Qaeda is still dangerous , ” he said .
Petraeus ’ comments were translated into English from an Arabic transcript of the interview sent to Reuters .
“ It is certain more of these crimes will be committed , and we must continue working to confront these attacks , ” he said .
Petraeus and his former deputy and designated successor Lieutenant - General Raymond Odierno are together credited with implementing a military strategy that helped reduce violence in Iraq , which slid towards sectarian civil war after the bombing of a revered mosque in early 2006 .
Pentagon sources said this week that Petraeus had recommended the United States move slowly to draw down troops in Iraq , removing one combat brigade early next year .
A combat brigade consists of 3,000 to 5,000 troops .
“ There are many missions that have not been achieved ...
Any person who replaces me and who is honest with himself must admit these facts , ” Petraeus said .
FOUR -YEAR LOWS
Violence in Iraq has fallen to four - year lows , and the future of the more than 140,000 U.S. troops in the country is a key issue of November ’s U.S. presidential elections .
A U.N. mandate for the U.S. military presence in Iraq expires on December 31 , focusing attention on when the troops will leave and what their mission will be until that occurs .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
After Iraq , Petraeus will become commander of the military headquarters responsible for U.S. operations across the Middle East , including Iraq and Afghanistan .
U.S. and Iraqi officials say al Qaeda , which once held vast swathes of Iraq in its grip , has been seriously depleted .
An Iraqi military crackdown is underway in the northern provinces of Diyala and Nineveh to mop up remaining insurgents .
However , disputes between Arabs and Kurds for control of northern towns and cities ahead of provincial elections scheduled for the end of the year could trigger more violence .
The polls could also spark a bloody struggle for power among Shi’ite groups in the south .
Petraeus said that successes achieved to date in combating al Qaeda and Shi’ite militias had eased the U.S. military ’s position in Iraq .
“ We have lived with the Iraqis for a long time , and it was a relationship ... that started with us considered as liberators , but soon changed to invaders or occupiers , ” Petraeus said .
“ Things came back on track and we became liberators from the point of view of our Iraqi colleagues , because we took part in ridding them of the grip of al Qaeda , Sunni extremists and Shi’ite militias . ”
( Additional reporting by Jason Benham in Dubai )
After lagging behind Europe for years , the United States is finally starting to catch up when it comes to making life better for bicyclists .
In a country that 's increasingly troubled by traffic , obesity and - perhaps worst of all – climate change , that 's great news .
Two cities in particular have been leading the way .
Portland , Oregon has seen a 400 % increase in bike traffic in the last 20 years .
And since 2000 , the city has installed more than 200 additional miles of bike lanes , bringing the total number close to 300 .
Not coincidentally , an estimated 16 % of Portlanders currently use two wheels to get to work .
Davis , California is the only other US locale besides Portland that the League of American Bicyclists has designated as Platinum - rated for bicycle - friendliness .
While it is n't as hip as its neighbour to the north , Davis has been a supreme bike city for even longer - it actively began to incorporate cycling into its transportation infrastructure in the 1960s .
Back then , as the city notes on its website , its " commitment to a multi- modal transportation network was simultaneously hailed ... as both crazy and visionary . "
If only every city was so insanely brilliant .
But Davis has n't been , um , coasting on its history .
In the last 10 years alone , it has spent over $ 14 m on bicycle projects , and now Davis has bike lanes on approximately 95 % of its arterial streets .
The locals love it .
They own more bikes than they do cars , and use them for 17 % of all trips they make .
" What 's more , Davis pioneered the use of bike lanes and bicycle - only traffic signals in the US , " says League president Andy Clarke .
As if that was n't enough , the city logo is - you guessed it - a bike .
Most other American cities have only gotten serious about cycling more recently .
When I first started riding in New York eight years ago and tooled around the city on a bright blue 1970s Raleigh five - speed with a huge seat , I quickly discovered that bikers were clearly second - class citizens here , and that cycling was often more of a hassle - involving angry drivers , cabbies and pedestrians - than anything else .
But today , as Clarke points out , local governments all across the country - from Alaska to Florida , from Maine to Washington - are starting to innovate and improve .
Even in New York , which is not a place usually associated with initiatives that might be qualified as " crunchy granola " .
Mayor Mike Bloomberg has been pushing to make it a better biking city after a 10 - year study of cyclist fatalities found that all but one of the 225 bikers who had died between 1996 and 2005 were n't in bike lanes - and that 97 % of those deaths involved riders who were not wearing protective headgear .
The city promptly handed out 1000 free helmets , and then got to work implementing some long - term improvements .
Since 2006 , 110 miles of bike lanes have been added , and an additional 90 will be laid by next June .
Between 2000 and 2006 , the number of bike commuters increased by 100 % , and the NY department of transportation is determined to double the count again by 2015 .
Of course , only 0.6 % of all New Yorkers now bike to work .
Still , that 's progress - especially in a city of its size .
It 's also about twice the national average .
And , in the interest of encouraging cyclists and pedestrians , Bloomberg is conducting an experiment : During three Sundays this August , he 'll ban cars from a seven - mile path that will run from Brooklyn Bridge through Central Park to the Upper East Side .
" If it works , we 'll certainly consider doing it again , " he has said .
Washington , DC , for its part , has successfully borrowed an idea from Europe .
Its SmartBike pilot programme - a self - service rental system - will launch later this summer , becoming the first of its kind in North America , although similar efforts have long been popular in Spain , France and Scandinavia .
" You can get a bike by swiping your credit card at a kiosk , " says Karen LeBlance , communications director for DC 's department of transportation .
" And a chip in the handlebar recognises when the bike has been returned . "
For only $ 40 a year , members can access bicycles at 10 stations throughout Washington 's downtown business area .
The big catch is the scale of the project : only 100 bikes will be available .
" But we 're already looking into expanding it ! " says LeBlanc , acknowledging that there 's been a lot of interest .
Chicago is working on a similar but much larger project , which it hopes to launch as soon as possible – possibly even later this year , according to Chicago department of transportation spokesperson Brian Steele .
The city 's mayor , Richard Daley , introduced an ordinance in February that increases penalties for motorists who endanger cyclists .
And now , all wanna - be taxi - drivers must be trained on sharing the road with bikes before they can get their licenses .
Despite all the good news , however , the number of American bike - commuters is still puny compared to those in countries like the Netherlands , Germany and Switzerland .
" Even Canadian cities are way ahead of us - they have three times the level of bike use , " Clarke notes .
One of the most common complaints Americans have about bike - commuting : they do n't want to be sweaty when they arrive at the office .
But some forward - thinking corporations , like software developer Macromedia in San Francisco , are installing showers and lockers in their office buildings to encourage bike - commuting .
Other businesses are doing their part , too .
The Discovery Channel , in Silver Spring , Maryland offers cash incentives to employees who buy bikes , for example .
" One of our favourite companies is Humana - a Louisville , Kentucky health insurance company that started a bike - sharing programme for its staff , " says Clarke .
If every corporation did its part to keep its workers out of their cars , it would only work in their favour .
They'd have healthier employees who'd arrive at work energised , less stressed and - since they would n't get caught in traffic all the time - probably a little earlier .
Nearly 100 % of all trips beyond the home are still made by car in the United States - despite the fact that 40 % of them are two miles or less .
But now that gas prices are at all - time high , it 's the perfect time for Americans to start using two wheels more often than four .
The only fuel that 's required ?
A few extra calories .
" Today , if you ask a car dealer to let you see something for 10 grand , he 'll show you the door ! "
" Medical insurance is what allows people to be ill at ease ! "
" Prison inmates are treated to cable TV , hot meals and a college education , while on the outside some people can only afford these things through a life of crime ! "
" Thank's to the new welfare bill , the question " Paper or plastic ? " now refers to many American 's sleeping arrangements ! "
" In retrospect it becomes clear that hindsight is definitely overrated ! "
" Most people are so lazy , they do n't even exercise good judgement ! "
" If opera is entertainment , then falling off a roof is transportation ! "
" A college jock is someone who minds his build instead of vice versa ! "
" The only advantage to living in the past is that the rents are much cheaper ! "
" Getting old is when a narrow waist and a broad mind change places ! "
" How come stealing from one book is plagiarism , but stealing from many is research ? "
" It takes one to know one -- and vice versa ! "
" Nowadays , a balanced diet is when every McNugget weighs the same ! "
" Teenagers are people who act like babies if they 're not treated like adults ! "
" A teacher is someone who talks in our sleep ! "
" How come we choose from just two people for President , and fifty for Miss America ? "
" Who says nothing is impossible ?
Some people do it every day ! "
" You can be on the right track and still get hit by a train ! "
" Blood is thicker than water ... but it makes lousy lemonade ! "
" The U.N. is a place where governments opposed to free speech demand to be heard ! "
" A plastic surgeon 's office the only place where no one gets offended when you pick your nose ! "
Two advisers to John McCain 's presidential campaign today said a flood of questionable voter registration applications in swing states threatens to undermine the accuracy of the November election and could prevent legitimate voters from registering for a ballot .
The warning came less than a week after the Democratic party filed a lawsuit in Michigan seeking to end what its lawyers said were Republican efforts to suppress votes of poor people and African Americans , two historically Democratic constituencies .
The move indicates the Democratic and Republican parties are set to battle over voter registration in the remaining weeks of the campaign .
On a conference call with reporters this afternoon , former Republican senators John Danforth and Warren Rudman said a coalition of community organisations called Acorn had in several states submitted voter registration applications for people who were already registered .
The senators did not accuse the group of fraud , but suggested the group 's registration drive was " diluting " legitimate votes and causing havoc in the nation 's voter registration process .
" Our mission is to ensure that everybody who is entitled to vote gets to vote without any intimidation but also that there 's no stuffing of the ballot boxes , no fraudulent voting and also that the rules are the same for everybody , " said Danforth , a former Missouri senator .
" We are concerned that there is or may be a pattern of registering people who are not entitled to vote or otherwise gumming up the system for registering voters . "
He cited news reports in Michigan , Colorado and elsewhere describing problematic registration applications surfacing after large Acorn registration drives .
Earlier this month in Detroit , for example , the secretary of state 's office cited a " sizeable number of duplicate and fraudulent applications " arising from an Acorn drive .
Last week , Republican officials called Acorn 's North Carolina chapter " a quasi- criminal , Democratic affiliated organisation " after an election official asked the state to check 80 applications submitted by the group .
Today , Danforth sought to link Acorn to the Obama camp , noting that a political action committee affiliated with Acorn endorsed Obama .
He also said the McCain campaign was concerned that some ballot stations in heavily Democratic areas would be allowed to remain open on election night after their scheduled closing .
State laws typically allow that anyone on line to vote when the polls are scheduled to close may cast a ballot , but Danforth said he was concerned polling sites would be kept open to accommodate Democrats ' late voter turnout efforts .
Rudman defended the party against Democratic allegations in Michigan that Republicans are working to deny the vote to people who lost their homes in the mortgage crisis .
The Democratic party said its lawsuit filed last week in Michigan was aimed at ceasing the practice .
The suit came after a Macomb county Republican official told a local newspaper the party was culling voter names from foreclosure lists to challenge their residency .
Rudman said the suit was a " red herring " , and that , " all the local officials deny it " .
He called on the Democratic party to come to an accord with the Republicans on election - day procedures such as extended polling hours .
The back - and - forth between the Democratic and Republican parties reflects the historic divergence between the two camps on voter registration and ballot access .
The Republican party has typically pushed for strong verification requirements , such as identification checks at the ballot , measures they say are intended to counter voter fraud .
The Democrats , meanwhile , say such strictures will discourage the elderly and poor from voting .
Non-partisan election experts say there is minimal fraud in US voting .
Photograph by Dwight Eschliman
Originally published in the April 2007 issue
*****
*****
Thomas Cahill squirms in his swivel chair .
He 's wearing a green - and - red wool sweater covered with pills , eyeing the white garbage bag on the battered metal desk .
FedEx delivered the bag last week .
Cahill is impatient as the photographer documents everything : the bag , the dust - collection machine , Cahill himself .
Staring at the bag with a glint , the broad , six - foot former high school tackle looks like a kid who can't wait for his parents to stop snapping pictures of him near the tree on Christmas morning .
For Cahill - - for a lot of people , actually , although they do n't know it yet -- this bag holds a lot of answers .
It has been sealed shut for more than five years , and you should have heard the excitement in Cahill 's voice when he found out it existed .
Man , five years .
That long ?
" Are we ready yet ? "
He is sixty - nine years old .
In the four decades he has taught physics and conducted air - quality research here at the University of California at Davis , Cahill has seen a lot .
Five years ago , he stood near the burning , pissing rubble at ground zero for weeks , taking samples , testing , telling people the air was n't as safe as the government said it was .
To the Environmental Protection Agency , and even to the president , he became a pest , a role of which he is proud .
Today , though , today is different .
" This is so exciting , " he says to me , actually rubbing his hands together .
" We have no other samples from September 11 except your backpack .
It will give us a snapshot of what people were actually breathing , which will help the doctors enormously in knowing what to treat . "
He told me this over the phone , before I arrived from New York to witness the opening .
Now , even with me standing there , one of the people who breathed in whatever he 's about to discover , he repeats it .
Exuberantly .
" I 'm sorry for you , " he says , and he means it .
" But I 'm also delighted ! "
My black messenger bag , which is inside the white plastic blob on the metal table , is Cahill 's holy grail .
When Esquire called , told him I had kept it in my closet for the last five years , and asked him to test it for toxins , Cahill was stunned .
Thousands of tons of debris blew through downtown Manhattan as each of the World Trade Center towers collapsed on 9/11 , but no one -- not the city , not a lab at nearby NYU , not the EPA - - seems to have any primary evidence from inside the plume itself .
A heavy rainstorm on September 14 rinsed much of the floating debris from the air , and the city was already hastily sweeping the streets and scrubbing the buildings in a mad scramble for normalcy .
Scientists had n't even arrived on the scene .
( Before the bag , the closest Cahill had ever come to finding a primary source was an air filter on an office desk , but the debris had fused to the filter and was too difficult to measure . )
What the rains did n't clear was quickly contaminated by the stinky diesel trucks rolling in and out of ground zero and the chemical fire raging a few stories below the street .
By the time the EPA began telling people the downtown air was safe , three days after September 11 , any chance of isolating exactly what happened in the initial moments of the disaster -- what was in the clouds that engulfed more than five thousand people , including me , in a matter of seconds -- was presumed lost .
Why did I preserve my bag that day ?
I can't say .
I had just seen a building that took six years and eight months to build aerate in twelve seconds .
I was n't really thinking , just doing .
I had walked the twenty blocks to my apartment among the cavalcade of refugees heading uptown , all of us looking like pale , disentombed corpses spreading out among the living .
Once home , I stripped , then showered , but my skin still itched , as if someone had switched my cotton towels with pink fiberglass insulation .
I threw my khakis and sneakers away -- no way the lady at the wash - and - fold was going to touch those .
But not my Manhattan Portage messenger bag .
Even though it was trashed , I stuffed it into a clean Hefty bag and stuck it on the top shelf of my closet .
For a long time after , I joked about putting it in a Lucite box to make a coffee table .
Why did I really keep it ?
I do n't know .
Maybe because I had just bought it .
Cost me eighty dollars .
Cahill , a physics Ph.D. from UCLA , studies air quality out of a converted machine shop on the Davis campus , where in 1997 he founded the DELTA Group , a consortium of scientists who collaborate on atmospheric and climate - based research .
His desk is loaded high with reports like " Characterization and Source Apportionment of Long Range Transport of Atmospheric Aerosols over Northeast Asia . "
Once , he took his wife , Ginny , and their kids on an impromptu family vacation to Mount St. Helens because it looked as if it was ready to pop .
( Today Ginny is the deputy district attorney for water issues in California ; both children perform environmental research at universities . )
Most weekends , Cahill is in the field .
It 's not impossible that you have sped by as he and a few windblown students huddled on the side of a California freeway using the DELTA Group Slotted 8 DRUM Impactor , an instrument Cahill developed and built to test air particles .
With this device , he has produced some of the most respected studies on the air quality after September 11 , including an explosive 2003 report that concluded the smoldering debris pile acted like a chemical " incinerator . "
With this finding , Cahill confuted the EPA 's early dismissal of the plume as an " irritant " and its ultimate conclusion about the air in lower Manhattan : " It is not a problem for the general population . "
" Someone told me my report ended up on Bush 's desk , " says Cahill .
" Supposedly , he had a cow . "
The DRUM sampler looks like something you 'd keep in the trunk of your car to inflate your tires : a generic black case with a hose snaking out one side .
Cahill will use the vacuum nozzle to suck the debris off my bag , and the machine will gently blow the dust past a series of eight drums , each coated with a thin strip of grease - covered Mylar .
Each drum collects a different - sized particle , ranging from 15 micrometers , or microns ( about one - seventh the diameter of a human hair ) , to 0.09 microns ( the size of a virus ) .
The strips will tell Cahill how many particles we have at each size .
How this is relevant to my long - term well - being : " Particles above fifteen microns , you just swallow them , " says Cahill , who has worked with medical doctors to study the effects of airborne particles on humans .
" From fifteen to about five , they go into your nose and your sinuses and you cough them up or spit them out .
When you go below three microns , you start to have some lung - collection possibility -- the particles end up in your bronchial tubes and upper lung .
When they go down to half a micrometer , they go into your deep lung .
And once they 're in the deep lung , they 're very hard to get rid of . "
The tiniest particles can permanently pollute the human respiratory system .
A September 2006 report by doctors at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York revealed that nearly half of the people who worked at ground zero say they have a dry cough , shortness of breath , or tightness in their chest -- all possible indications of a lower lung that has been . . . compromised .
So , Christ , if you figure most of those people did n't arrive until well after the actual event , what are the little particles that are in me ?
Photograph by Dwight Eschliman
Let 's see .
The South Tower
was 1,362 feet tall and weighed five hundred thousand tons .
It was hit by a Boeing 767 jet traveling at 590 miles per hour and filled with sixty - five people and ninety - one hundred gallons of fuel .
The building burned uncontrollably at up to 1800 degrees Fahrenheit for sixty - two minutes .
Then , all 110 floors -- which were filled with 25,000 personal computers , 104 passenger elevators , 21,800 windows , 6,000 miles of electrical cables , 100 miles of heating ducts , who knows how many Bic pens and jokey coffee mugs , and the bodies of more than 600 people -- fell a quarter mile straight down at 120 miles an hour , instantly aerating everything .
Finally , Cahill turns to me and says , " Ready to see what 's inside your bag ? "
Oh , my God , they 're falling ! "
Whoever yelled this , I did n't believe it .
Then I turned around and saw that the gash carved into the South Tower was n't belching fire anymore .
It was n't belching anything .
It simply was n't .
I had left my office nearby when I heard what had happened and was standing one block away , next to the giant red Noguchi cube in front of the HSBC building .
From there I watched the World Trade Center peel like an enormous steel banana .
Right after that , I decided to run for my life .
The low , groaning death rumble of the falling tower jolted through my body as if I were a human subwoofer .
I sprinted east , toward the safety of the river , the street an asphalt fun - house mirror beneath my feet .
A block into my escape , I made the same decision that got Lot 's wife into trouble : I looked back .
A twenty - story debris cloud loomed behind me like something Godzilla would fight , and before I could blink or close my gaping mouth , the cloud hit me like a swarm of gravel bees .
I was in it and it was in me .
In a few seconds , the sky soured from a pristine blue to yellow to brown to a profound black .
Day turned to night .
The sky vanished .
I stood there in the darkness , my eyes on fire as grit and sand worked its way under my eyelids and into my nostrils , where I got my first whiff of September 11 - - eau de construction site , with hints of sweet burning plastic and notes of Jiffy Lube .
I was being buried alive , right there in the middle of Liberty Street .
For five minutes , I gasped for air , but my lungs would not fully inflate , because this was not air .
I would 've had better luck taking a handful of dirt and inhaling that .
I fought off the adrenaline surge of panic as I tried -- instinctively , I suppose -- to find clean air to breathe .
The wave of debris was passing , and the sky was brightening to a smoky tan fog .
Finally I felt my way up the steps of the Chase Manhattan Bank building plaza , and the front door swung open .
I promptly vomited concrete dust on the clean lobby floor .
Somebody must have showed me how to get to the basement , where a hundred or so of the bank 's employees were huddled , unscathed .
A middle - aged woman offered me a Valium .
Another held up some Xanax .
An hour later , after the North Tower fell , a voice on the loudspeaker calmly instructed us to evacuate .
So I walked home .
As soon as Cahill 's scalpel breaches the plastic womb encasing my messenger bag , the unmistakable smell brings back all sorts of memories I 'd rather forget .
Bodies cartwheeling to earth from impossible heights .
The strange laugh I let out when I found myself irritated , even during the apocalypse , by those fucking car alarms as they echoed down the empty canyons of lower Manhattan .
My trembling hands smearing antibiotic ointment on my scrapes .
The ladies in the bank building with their pill bottles .
In the years after , I thought about the bag every couple months -- usually when I 'd read another headline about those people getting sick from ground zero .
And then I 'd quietly realize that maybe I was one of those people , too , and at that point I would push the bag from my mind .
I had moved on .
Whatever happened to me happened to me , and I was n't all that interested in hearing any more bad news .
But the headlines kept coming .
Victims were filing more lawsuits .
Politicians pushed for medical coverage for first responders and people who worked on the pile .
Every day , it seemed , there was another reminder that whatever happened to me also happened to them .
" Hey !
I think this is drywall ! " Cahill yelps .
" And this is probably concrete ! "
I look down .
For the first time since around noon on September 11 , 2001 , I see my old Manhattan Portage bag .
A cluster of small buttons from punk bands like Operation Ivy and the Dead Kennedys -- my youthful attempt to project an anticapitalist stance while covering capitalism for a financial - news Web site -- adorns a corner .
The bag is smaller than I remember and still slate gray from the dust .
But there 's not much debris falling off it .
" I hope there 's enough here , " Cahill mutters , smushing his thick glasses back up into his furrowed brow .
Over the next fifteen minutes , banal artifacts from an ordinary Tuesday morning emerge : an unread copy of Frederick Exley 's A Fan 's Notes , two pieces of junk mail , a Duracell battery to a digital camera I do n't remember owning , a New Jersey Transit schedule and a receipt for a round - trip to Morris Plains , and a scrap of paper with a name and e-mail address on it .
( It later turns out to be the address of a London woman who does n't have a clue who I am and has to be convinced I 'm not running a scam .
I do n't know who she is , either . )
There is also a tube of antibiotic ointment covered with my own dried blood , a jokey laminated card granting me lifetime membership to Fight Club ( like the movie ) , and a fifty - dollar check from a college pal I never got the chance to deposit .
I had been secretly hoping , although I had no logical reason to , that the bag would contain some old pictures of my mom , who had died nine months before September 11 .
Or maybe something that could provide some deep insight about who I used to be , before my lost year , before the nightmares started , and before I went on Paxil and Klonopin to make them go away and get on with my life .
The bag contained nothing like this , of course .
But there is one more item inside : a wrinkle - free pinpoint - oxford button - down - collar dress shirt that is positively covered with debris .
It is , of course , the shirt I was wearing on September 11 .
" Oooh , we have plenty to work with now ! "
Cahill says , adding , non sequitur , " Did you know there 's lots of lead in electrical cords ?
The Chinese use it to make the cords more flexible . "
No , I did n't know that .
Photograph by Dwight Eschliman
Before performing his first test , Cahill inexplicably rattles off a quote from Ghostbusters .
To lighten the mood , I guess . " ' Why worry ?
Each of us is carrying an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on his back . '
I love that line , " he says , chuckling .
He checks the suction on the 8 DRUM Impactor and then sets about hoovering up small patches of debris from the inside of the bag .
" This is gonna woooork ! " Cahill says , singing the end of the sentence .
" I love this .
What we 're doing here has n't been done before .
For me , it 's like the ' What do you got ?
What do you got ? ' kind of stuff that goes on in rap music .
This is going to be the most famous backpack in all of New York City . "
It occurs to me that part of his enthusiasm has to do with the splash this project will make in the scientific community , in which there seems to be a sort of gentlemen 's rivalry .
What do you got ?
Within seconds , a thin white line appears on the Mylar strip covering the first drum , where the largest particles are collected .
Cahill checks each drum , working his way toward smaller and smaller particles .
He stops at 1.15 microns .
" See right here ?
This line is a little small .
These are large particles , " he says , jotting down that there were no signs of particles smaller than 1.15 microns inside the bag .
" You 're gonna live . "
But as Cahill explores different parts of the bag , working his way from the hidden inner folds to the beaten exterior , the tests show smaller and smaller particles in greater abundance .
By the time he 's sucking up caked - on debris from the shirt , the tests consistently show clear bands at the 0.09 - micron level .
Normally , individual particles this small are invisible .
But there are so many , you can see the line with the naked eye .
Cahill excitedly draws more pictures of my bag in his notebook and notes the location of each sampling and the exact time he vacuumed each up and put it in a dish .
Eighteen samples in all .
I think about how he told me how the smallest particles do n't necessarily hurt your lungs ; instead they enter your bloodstream , where they can ultimately cause heart attacks or cardiovascular disease .
I ask him if after all this testing , he still thinks I 'm going to live .
" Well , how bad it is depends on what the particles are made of , but getting particles that size into your system is never a good thing , " he says .
" One of the big mysteries after 9/11 was where the mercury went .
Mercury bonds well with the gypsum in drywall .
And there was a lot of drywall in that building . "
So we know the particles are small , which is bad .
But in order to find out what , exactly , they are , Cahill must send the samples to the Berkeley synchrotron , formally known as the Advanced Light Source , a particle accelerator the size of a football field that sits on top of a hill above the UC Berkeley campus .
At the synchrotron , electrons are sped up in a giant vacuum until they 're moving slightly slower than the speed of light .
As these electrons race around a giant circle , incredibly powerful electromagnets change the direction of the electrons .
But in order to move like this , the electrons have to give off a lot of energy , which occurs in the form of X rays , a wavelength of light that is a million times more intense than sunlight .
These X rays travel down a silver tube , bouncing off mirrors and passing through other equipment that alters their size and shape and position .
Like water from a fire hose , the light slams into Cahill 's Mylar strips , which are mounted inside a lead - shielded room about the size of a walk - in closet .
The X rays knock an electron loose from the different elements that make up the sample , each of which , in turn , emits a unique frequency -- an atomic fingerprint , if you will -- that tells the physicists exactly what elements are present .
For five and a half years , I avoided thinking about that bag in my closet , but over the two weeks I wait to get the results from Cahill 's lab , I develop acute hypochondria .
I wake up with a dry cough in the middle of the night and spend a solid fifteen minutes examining my tonsils for scarring .
Instead of checking the latest Hot Stove news from the Boston Red Sox during lunch at my desk , I read EPA reports and conjure anything I can remember from AP chemistry .
Before bed , I gorge myself on news coverage of September 11 victims , reading about their devastated families and then writing myself into the lead paragraphs as I drift off to sleep .
Finally , Cahill e-mails me an incomprehensible line graph tracking nanograms in the dust sample , plus a written analysis of the bag peppered with scary chemical formulas like CaSO 4 .
2H 2 O and CaO 2 and SiO 2 .
Then he calls me on the phone .
" I just want to tell you personally what a service you 've done everybody , " he says .
My heart races .
I wonder why he 's telling me this again , wondering if he 's stalling , wondering why he does n't just come out and fucking tell me the bad news already .
And then : " Basically , you just got a big blast of drywall .
Which is harmless . "
What ?
Come again now ?
Where are the freaky microtoxins that will enter my bloodstream and attack my heart ?
Where 's all that lead from the Chinese electrical cords ?
" We saw a tiny amount of lead on your bag , " Cahill says .
" I mean , it was tiny .
We can say the lead levels present in the cloud itself were essentially zero . "
So what did I breathe ?
Construction materials , for the most part : cement dust from the square - acre floors of the tower ; aggregate materials , which basically means particulates of rock and gravel ; and drywall , which is made of a calcium - based substance called gypsum .
The coarsest particles , the ones I presumably spit up in the bank lobby , consisted of all three materials , but the finest particles -- the ones that invade your deep lung , never to leave -- were also mostly gypsum .
And gypsum is safe for human consumption .
Matter of fact , it 's used to enrich bread with calcium , can be found in toothpaste and blackboard chalk , and helps coagulate tofu .
Tofu , for chrissakes .
" That does n't mean there 's not some harm there , but it 's a different kind of harm , " Cahill says .
" Your lung got loaded up with stuff and your mouth and throat got irritated for a short period of time .
But that 's better than bearing the enormous body burden of very fine metals working from your bloodstream to your heart . "
Evidently , these very fine metals did n't enter the air above lower Manhattan en masse until weeks later , when all those smashed computer parts , electrical cords , ceiling tiles , and ballpoint pens began to smolder at extremely high temperatures deep below the street .
When the South Tower came down , the massive concrete floors fell like a giant stack of pancakes , slamming into one another and driving the contents of the building straight down , but the air in the building blew out the sides , like a balloon popping when a fat man sits on it .
The wind that the building exhaled was hurricane force , instantly aerating the drywall and the glass and some of the concrete , which coated me a few seconds later .
" It 's no different from when you blow up an old thirty - story hotel , " says Cahill .
" That 's the same kind of dust cloud .
Heck , the older buildings are probably worse because they have more asbestos . "
When Cahill 's done , I have a weird thought : Good news !
About September 11 !
Not a lot of people can say that .
I hang up the phone and decide to go for a little run around the outside of the building .
It 's approximately 20 degrees outside , but I 'm too excited to sit behind a desk and get on with my life just then .
The bogeyman is out of my closet .
I 'm not one of those people who is going to get sick from September 11 after all .
Not yet , anyway .
Sure , there are some things we do n't know and may never know .
Like the kids who grew up at Love Canal or under high - tension power lines , I might wake up in a few years with some unexplainable sickness , some crippling respiratory illness .
What are you gonna do ?
For now , all I want is to feel the air rush in and out of my lungs .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Every business needs to make every dollar count , which is why traditional phone plans are phasing out .
Cloud phone systems are a better option for the majority of businesses out there .
Getting a business phone number will make you stand out from those businesses that are only using their cell phone to take personal and professional calls .
Keep reading to learn how simple it is to set up a business line .
Choosing VoIP
Before you can receive calls from customers you have to choose the right business phone system for your needs .
Thanks to the internet you have the option of Voice over IP or VoIP .
Traditional phone networks are no longer needed thanks to living in times where we are always connected to the internet .
Calls that are made over the internet are unlimited and cheaper .
Another benefit of choosing this option is that the sound is much clearer than a traditional phone .
Research the companies in your area that can set up your VoIP system and can also perform IVR testing to make sure everything is working correctly .
Small businesses like the option of making and receiving calls from a separate business line while still using their own cell phone .
This makes it convenient for those that travel a lot for business or are rarely at the office .
Keep in mind that typically prices start at around $ 20 per line compared to $ 50 + per line with traditional lines .
Business Phone Number
Once you choose your VoIP provider you will have the option of choosing a business phone number .
You can opt for a local phone number or a toll - free number .
If you have a business phone number you have been using , you have the option of porting this number into your new provider without any interruptions .
Extensions
If you have multiple departments and employees then adding extensions to your plan might be well worth it .
This will give your customers a better experience because they can reach someone that can help them right from the beginning instead of waiting on hold or getting transferred around .
Instead of using separate phone numbers , you will have one main phone line that everyone calls and then the customer can dial the extension of the department or employee they need to reach .
Using extensions will cost less than having multiple phone numbers for one business and it will also make your business appear to be a larger company even if you only have two employees .
Ready for Your Business Line ?
Now that you know more about your options when it comes to choosing a business phone number , you can make an informed decision on what is best for your needs .
At the end of the day , the only thing that matters is that your phone number decision works for you and your business .
Did you learn something new today ?
Please come back soon to never miss our latest .
When the trumpets sound and Judgment Day comes , we mortals will have plenty for which to account .
While it falls many points below unforgivable crimes such as destruction of the rain forest , global warming and the green - lighting of " The Love Guru , " the decline in vermouth 's fortunes from 19th century dandy to outcast of the speed rail certainly ranks on the list of modern offenses .
For many bartenders , the culprit is clear .
" The cocktail to blame is the super - dry vodka martini , " says Jonny Raglin , bar manager at Absinthe Brasserie & Bar in San Francisco .
Fear , apparently , is a factor .
" Almost 75 percent of my vodka martini drinkers are very , very afraid of vermouth , " says Brooke Arthur , bar manager at Range .
While many vodka martini fans are seeking a cocktail as flavorless as possible , Arthur says , drinkers enter the world of the contemporary bar with almost no exposure to vermouth .
" They do n't even know what it tastes like , but a friend who gave them their first dirty martini did n't use it , so they do n't want it in there , " Arthur says .
Native to northwest Italy and southern France , vermouth - a wine that has been aromatized with herbs and other botanicals and lightly fortified with unaged brandy - is widely popular in parts of Europe , where it is usually served as an aperitif .
But from the approach taken by most American bartenders - who typically dispense vermouth with atomizers , eyedroppers or simply a delicate hand when mixing martinis - vermouth could be considered some sort of bibulous antimatter .
" Bartenders are taught to treat ( vermouth ) like toxic waste , " says cocktail historian David Wondrich .
Wondrich notes that vermouth revolutionized mixology when it entered heavy usage in the late 1880s , and vermouth - heavy drinks of the era - such as prototypes of the martini and the Manhattan , which were made with twice as much vermouth as gin or whiskey - earned the cocktail a new level of sophistication .
" By the 1890s it 's like every drink has vermouth in it , " Wondrich says .
" They were completely crazy about this stuff . "
Early days of vermouth
Vermouth 's commercial origins date to 1786 , when Antonio Benedetto Carpano began marketing the aromatized wine he produced in Turin , but the consumption of vermouth and its precursors stretches back centuries .
Typically made from neutral - character dry white wines that have been flavored with herbs , roots and barks - typically including cardamom , cinnamon , marjoram and chamomile - and then fortified with a neutral grape spirit , vermouth is classically made - and named - for another botanical : wormwood ( the plant 's name in Old High German is Wermud ) .
Used as a treatment against intestinal worms , wormwood has been added to wine and ale since at least the time of Greek mathematician Pythagoras , and wine infused with herbs including wormwood was utilized as a tonic and medical treatment by Hippocrates .
By the late 17th century , homemade vermouths were commonly made in the Piedmont region of Italy .
In the decades following Carpano 's commercial debut , other vermouth makers began production in Turin : The Cinzano family opened their facility in 1816 .
Martini & Rossi , now the largest manufacturer of vermouth , started production in 1863 .
In 1813 , Joseph Noilly created the style that came to be known as dry vermouth or French vermouth .
By 1855 , Noilly 's son , Louis , and his brother - in - law , Claudius Prat , were producing Noilly Prat dry vermouth in the southern French village of Marseillan .
Like the Italian firms , Noilly uses white grapes , specifically Clairette and Picpoul grapes grown in the Languedoc region of France , but does n't color the wine .
( See " French vs. Italian " on Page F5 . )
Starting with the aptly named Vermouth Cocktail , which debuted in print in 1869 and is composed of chilled vermouth with a twist of lemon peel , occasionally accented with dashes of bitters and maraschino liqueur - ample quantities of vermouth were consumed in cocktails in the decades that followed its mixological debut .
But by the mid-20th century , bartenders were following the lead of martini drinkers such as Winston Churchill , who is said to have merely glanced at a bottle of vermouth ( or , in some versions of the story , in the direction of France ) while preparing a drink .
This trend toward drier martinis , combined with changing tastes toward lighter - flavored drinks and the advent of the vodka martini , meant vermouth became largely ignored and , as a result , misunderstood .
Today it 's not uncommon for a bottle of vermouth - deployed solely for the purpose of making martinis or Manhattans - to last weeks or even months in a standard bar , and many home bartenders may have bottles in their liquor cabinets that were purchased during the era of $ 2 gasoline .
A California bottling
Andrew Quady , whose winery in Madera ( Madera County ) makes both sweet and dry vermouth under the Vya label , says he decided to produce one precisely because it seemed so unpopular .
" There 's got to be something wrong ( with vermouth ) , " Quady recalls a restaurateur friend telling him before he launched Vya in 1999 .
" People do n't like it , nobody drinks it straight , and it 's used in a few cocktails - the most important of which is the martini .
And when making martinis , people do n't use it . "
For Vya 's dry vermouth , Quady uses botanicals including lavender , alfalfa and members of the mint family .
Quady says the blend was chosen with the idea to create a flavor and aroma evocative of an alpine environment .
" Maybe it could be like aromatherapy , " he says .
" You 'd smell it and imagine yourself being transported to a mountain meadow . "
Most Italian - style vermouths are made with a neutral white wine as a base .
( Not all : Carpano distributes limited quantities of a robust - flavored vermouth called Carpano Antica Formula , made from red wine , which the company claims is based on the original 1786 recipe . )
But Vya 's sweet vermouth is produced using Orange Muscat , commonly used to produce dessert wines , with some Port - style wine added for color and flavor .
Quady 's choice of botanicals creates a richer , spicier vermouth , with less of the bitterness found in vermouths such as Antica Formula .
While Vya earned some devoted fans , Quady 's hope that it would be embraced as an aperitif has n't quite panned out .
" My objective from the very beginning was to make something that people would enjoy drinking straight , " Quady says .
" We continue to try to get people to think of it on its own , but so far that does n't seem to be happening . "
Cocktails showcase flavors
At Bourbon & Branch , Vya is the default vermouth for many of the bar 's cocktails .
Bar manager Yanni Kehagiaras says Vya 's intense flavor is the reason bartenders at the Tenderloin bar choose to feature it so prominently .
" This is going to sound totally dorky , but I did a vermouth intensity chart where I rate them from the most to least intense , " Kehagiaras says .
For dry vermouths , Vya dominated the intensity scale , and for sweet vermouths , it closely followed the assertively flavored Carpano Antica Formula .
" That boldness , when you 're using half an ounce in a cocktail , it showcases your vermouth rather than losing it , " Kehagiaras says .
While full - flavored vermouths such as Vya and Antica Formula have earned a certain cachet in prominent cocktail bars , bartenders warn against relying too heavily on them .
" When I try to use the ( Carpano ) Antica or the Vya , I really have to think , ' What 's going on here ? ' " says Seattle cocktail consultant Jamie Boudreau .
Boudreau says that substituting an intensely flavored vermouth for a milder product has the potential to knock a drink 's flavor off balance .
" The Carpano Antica is a linebacker and the Cinzano is a soccer player .
They 're both muscular , but one lets you know when it hits you , " he says .
" There 's so much flavor going on in the Antica , and even the texture - it makes its presence known .
If you 're using it , you need to have something big , strong and bold enough to go up against it , or you 're going to have to really cut back in its proportions . "
Boudreau cites as an example the Waldorf Cocktail , composed of equal parts bourbon , absinthe and sweet vermouth .
" In that case , you want a strong bourbon and a strong vermouth that can help tame down the absinthe , " he says .
Vermouth 's ability to temper full - flavored spirits makes it a preferred ingredient at Absinthe .
" I think vermouth 's most important attribute is its alcohol content , " Raglin says .
" It 's not much more than wine , and it helps tone down big , gnarly spirits like whiskey and gin , even Tequila . "
Unlike other bar staples such as citrus juice or liqueurs , Raglin says , vermouth can alter the character of a drink without knocking the flavors in an undesired direction .
While bartenders such as Boudreau and Neyah White , bar manager at Nopa , assert that Antica Formula may be the ultimate vermouth for a Manhattan , White is equally emphatic that more mainstream brands are preferable for many cocktails .
" Martini & Rossi is the only vermouth for a Negroni , period , " White says .
" It 's the only one that can handle the Campari on a 1 - to - 1 ratio .
The sugar levels just are n't there in the more esoteric vermouths , so ( Martini & Rossi is ) what I use for that one - and I serve a hell of a lot of Negronis . "
In parts of the world where vermouth is more popular , other varieties are available beyond the two mainstream styles .
In the 1960s , Cinzano launched a rosé vermouth in Italy ; Martini & Rossi also produces a rosé vermouth , which is sold primarily in France .
French producer Dolin makes a strawberry - flavored vermouth called Chamberyzette for the European market , and Noilly Prat makes limited quantities of Noilly Ambre , a rich - tasting vermouth flavored with botanicals including cinnamon and orange peel , which is sold almost exclusively from its production facility in Marseillan .
After sighting a bottle of rosé vermouth through the window of a closed liquor store in London , Neyah
White grew frustrated that the product was n't available close to home , and decided to make his own .
He infused botanicals including rose petals , dried jasmine and quassia bark in grain alcohol , which he used as a fortifying agent , and in his base wine : a 2005 Grenache - Syrah blend from the Rhone Valley that was just starting to oxidize .
" Since the wine was getting a little old , I was n't going to crush anything by adding botanicals to it , " White says .
" There was no delicate balance I was going to screw up . "
Homemade vermouths
Made for the spring season , White 's homebrew vermouth was mixed in a special house cocktail and was also served chilled as an aperitif .
" I have three guests who drink this exclusively before dinner ; I 've actually set bottles aside for them because I know I 'll run out by the end of the summer , " White says .
Such experiments underscore a renewed interest in vermouth .
By the end of the year , vermouths from Dolin - prized by bartenders but only sporadically available in the Bay Area , and almost not at all elsewhere in the country - are expected to be distributed more widely and regularly by Haus Alpenz , a Minnesota importer and distributor of artisan spirits .
Beginning in October , Noilly Prat will distribute its popular European blend of dry vermouth - richer in color and more fragrant than the current American blend - in the United States .
At Range , bartenders are doing their part to lift vermouth 's fortunes .
For the restaurant 's cocktail of the day , Arthur says she often uses the wine to " kick - start " the staff 's creativity .
" You 'll make ( a drink ) that seems like it 's missing something , and it's a running joke that you just add sweet vermouth to it , " she says .
Most bars still ration out their dry vermouth when mixing martinis , but with the growing interest among bartenders , it 's getting easier for fans of vermouth to find a drink to their liking .
" I always order a wet martini when I go out these days , " Wondrich says .
" People used to look at me like I was insane , but now they 've clearly heard of it . "
French vs. Italian Labels such as " French " or " Italian " vermouth refer to the style of the wine , not its provenance .
Both styles are produced by makers such as Martini & Rossi , Cinzano and Noilly Prat , along with less widely distributed producers such as Boissiere and Dolin , and by California - produced Vya .
Originally , the Italian firms that commercialized vermouth made a style known as rosso .
Often simply known as sweet vermouth or Italian vermouth , rosso vermouth is mildly bitter and slightly sweet , with a dusky garnet color from caramelized sugar .
That contrasts with dry vermouth , also known as French vermouth due to its commercialization by French firms .
Like most rosso vermouths , dry vermouths are also made from neutral - character white wines - but are flavored with a different set of botanicals that may include nutmeg and bitter orange peel .
Several makers also produce a sweet , white style of vermouth known as bianco that is widely available .
And Carpano makes Punt e Mes , an extra - bitter aromatized wine that blurs the boundaries between rosso vermouth and the class of Italian bitters known as amari .
How to store Like any other wine , vermouth begins to oxidize once a bottle has been opened .
While refrigeration will slow the process , the flavor gradually changes over time .
Vermouth fans recommend finishing a bottle within a month , or sooner , from when the seal is first broken .
Always store it in the fridge to slow the process as much as possible .
" People have an aversion to vermouth , and quite frankly , it 's well founded , " says Seattle cocktail consultant Jamie Boudreau .
" Even if you keep your vermouth in the fridge , after a week you 'll notice it has a different flavor .
If you keep that vermouth on a shelf , it 's going to taste terrible .
That 's why people do n't like vermouth . "
Tasting notes
While most vermouths fall into the categories of sweet and red or dry and white , there are several styles available in most liquor stores and wine shops , and within each category , there 's room for exploration .
Boissiere Dry ( $ 8/1 liter )
Very light and floral , with a brisk aroma of roses , it has a surprisingly bright , sweet flavor for a style of vermouth that is typically crisper and drier .
Use for : A refreshing aperitif served chilled with a lemon twist , or a lively Vermouth Cassis .
Carpano Antica Formula ( $ 26/1 liter )
A classic rosso vermouth , the Carpano Antica Formula has a dry , earthy aroma redolent of citrus peel and dried flowers .
Its flavor is deep and rich , with notes of caramel and vanilla and a complex herbaceous character that is initially sweet , but finishes with a lingering bitterness tinged with cinnamon and warm spices .
Use for : Excellent as an aperitif ; makes a memorable Manhattan .
Carpano Punt e Mes ( $ 22/750 ml )
Very dark in color and with mild , earthy aroma , Punt e Mes has a rich mouthfeel and a flavor that gets right down to business : a light sweetness is followed by an assertive , cascading bitterness that pushes this distinctive vermouth close to the category of Italian amari .
Use for : Assertively flavored cocktails such as the rye whiskey - rich Red Hook or for a Negroni with an extra - bitter edge .
Martini & Rossi Rosso ( $ 7/750 ml )
The world 's biggest - selling rosso is a good mixing vermouth , but for aperitifs there are better options out there .
With a rich aroma of molasses and cinchona , it has a full - bodied but simple sweetness quickly followed by a single - note bitterness with a satisfyingly long finish .
Use for : A classic Negroni , or for cocktails that need a gentle touch of sweetness and spice , such as the Floridita .
Noilly Prat Extra Dry ( $ 7/750 ml ) Noilly Prat's Extra
Dry vermouth defined the category and remains one of the better vermouths on the market .
The vermouth has a very light , crisp aroma and body , with a mildly floral , oak - tinged flavor touched with hints of chamomile and lemon peel .
Use for : A martini ; served chilled , it 's also a satisfying aperitif .
Vya Extra Dry ( $ 10/375 ml )
This California vermouth has a richly floral aroma with a touch of menthol , and a grassy , earthy flavor that is dry and crisp .
Rich and expressive where other dry vermouths are brisk and lean .
Use for : A memorable aperitif or a potently flavored martini .
Vya Sweet ( $ 10/375 ml )
Distinctively aromatic with notes of molasses and licorice , the Vya Sweet is very rich and herbaceous , with a medium body and a long - lasting bitterness that is lighter and gentler than most other sweet vermouths .
Use for :
An unbeatable Duplex , when mixed with Vya Extra Dry and a dash of orange bitters ( see recipe at left ) .
Duplex Makes 1 drink
Older bar manuals have many similar mixtures of vermouth and bitters ; this cocktail features both sweet and dry styles of vermouth .
1 1/2 ounce dry vermouth
1 1/2 ounce sweet vermouth
2 dashes orange bitters
-- Lemon twist ( optional )
Instructions : Combine sweet and dry vermouths and bitters in a mixing glass and fill with ice .
Stir well and strain into a chilled cocktail glass ; a twist of lemon peel over the drink is a nice touch .
Note :
To minimize dilution , the vermouths may instead be chilled in the bottle and combined without ice prior to serving .
Waldorf Makes 1 drink
To best counterbalance the powerful flavor of absinthe , Jamie Boudreau recommends using a full - strength bourbon such as George T. Stagg , and a robust vermouth such as Carpano Antica Formula or Vya. 1 ounce bourbon
1 ounce sweet vermouth
1 ounce absinthe Instructions : Combine ingredients in a mixing glass and fill with ice .
Stir well and strain into a chilled cocktail glass .
Three months after Dispatches : Undercover Mosque won a police apology and libel damages , Channel 4 has announced it is returning to the subject in Undercover Mosque : The Return .
Earlier this year West Midlands police and the Crown Prosecution Service paid out a six - figure sum to Channel 4 and Undercover Mosque Hardcash , the independent producer responsible for the documentary , after falsely accusing the programme of misleading viewers .
The documentary , an undercover investigation into extremism in mainstream British mosques , featured preachers calling for homosexuals to be killed , espousing male supremacy , condemning non-Muslims and predicting jihad .
Last August , West Midlands police referred the critically acclaimed programme to media regulator Ofcom and , in conjunction with the CPS , issued a statement saying the words of three preachers featured had been " heavily edited " so their meaning was " completely distorted " .
However , Ofcom cleared Channel 4 and Hardcash of any TV fakery and ruled they " dealt with the subject matter responsibly and in context " .
The two companies subsequently launched their libel action .
It has now emerged that the same Hardcash production team have revisited the subject to " see whether extremist beliefs continue to be promoted in certain key British Muslim institutions " .
In the new documentary , a female reporter attends prayer meetings at an important British mosque which claims to be dedicated to moderation and " dialogue with other faiths " .
According to Channel 4 , " she secretly films sermons given to the women - only congregation in which female preachers recite extremist and intolerant beliefs " .
In one scene , as hundreds of women and some children come to pray , a preacher calls for adulterers , homosexuals , women who act like men and Muslim converts to other faiths to be killed , saying : " Kill him , kill him .
You have to kill him , you understand .
This is Islam . "
Channel 4 also said that in the same mosque , " the reporter visits the bookshop and discovers books and DVDs still on sale , promoting extremist , anti-Semitic , misogynistic and intolerant messages " .
The undercover reporter also " films inside a key Saudi - funded Muslim organisation , which claims to promote tolerance and integration yet distributes literature which promotes intolerance for non-Muslims , an extreme version of sharia law and teachings which support discrimination against women " .
In addition , Undercover Mosque : The Return also " investigates the role of the Saudi Arabian religious establishment in spreading a hard - line , fundamentalist Islamic ideology in the UK - the very ideology the government claims to be tackling " .
A former Foreign Office minister tells Dispatches he thinks the government should take a stronger line on the issue .
The film also includes interviews with Islamic academics who condemn messages of intolerance and segregation and warn of the impact they will have on British society .
Dispatches : Undercover Mosque : The Return will air on Channel 4 on September 1 at 8 pm .
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
A different angle on SPAM and malware
Two websites have recently published reports on Internet security and the spread of malware across the web , and both documents examine the problem from a new perspective .
Most online security coverage tends to focus on the perpetual war between the antimalware industry and the companies that earn an illicit living from selling botnets and developing new exploits .
The reports from HostExploit and Knujon , however , focus on the registrars and ISPs that actually provide hosting to the black hats , and explore the various connections between the organizations .
HostExploit's report is an examination of the US - based ISP Atrivo , and of that company 's alleged willingness to ally itself with ( or , at least deliberately overlook ) ongoing criminal enterprises ; the Knujon investigation documents the relationship between the Indian - based Directi Group and its affiliates .
The following diagram illustrates the relationship between these various organizations / companies .
Image courtesy of HostExploit
Atrivo :
Near the top of the food chain
Atrivo , ( top- center ) , is the ISP at the relative " top " of the chart .
HostExploit analyzed data provided by StopBadware.org , and calculated both the number of infected sites and the total percentage of bad IP addresses Atrivo was serving per month , as demonstrated in the chart below .
According to HostExploit , an average web host 's percentage should be around 0.01 percent .
Atrivo's is just a smidge higher .
Image courtesy of HostExploit .
Ranked in terms of the number of infected sites per IP address , Atrivo is the 4th - worst online .
HostExploit did a full analysis on the " IP space associated with , leased to or by Atrivo & Intercage & Co. , from various methods and community sources . "
The numbers given below represent " an extrapolation of 10 % random sampling of known Atrivo IP addresses ( 2,600 ) that resolve to the Atrivo IP space was selected ( 26,000 ) .
Each of these domains was visited by an automated tool that downloads all content from each domain and follows one link further . "
Here 's what they found ( all numbers out of 2600 , multiply x10 for full address range ) :
31 known malware binaries , each linked to multiple websites
91 infected websites , i.e. , websites that exhibit badware behavior
113 botnet C&C controllers
4 calling birds ( and three French hens , not four , as I erroneously stated earlier . )
three French hens , not four , as I erroneously stated earlier . )
734 malicious web links , including links to products like XPDefender
78 percent of Atrivo domains and mail servers are rated hostile ( based on 465 random samples )
145 fake porn redirectors that also use a variation of a DNS - hijacking rootkit .
( We 've covered such programs before ) .
Atrivo is also responsible for the overwhelming majority of fake / rogue antivirus scanners , spyware , and " codec " downloads , as shown below .
Image courtesy of HostExploit.com
HostExploit notes that there are a number of companies that unwittingly provide hosting or access to malware , but the sheer volume of garbage passing over Atrivo 's network makes it hard to believe the company is n't aware of it .
Now that we 've discussed Atrivo in general , we 'll examine the Directi infrastructure " underneath " Atrivo in more detail .
The Directi Group : Hiding in plain site
Scroll back up to the top of the article and observe the links between Atrivo , EstDomains , and EstHost .
EstDomains is an anonymous registrar that may be owned by the Directi group — Knujon suspects it , but is n't certain .
EstDomains partner , EstHost , provides anonymous hosting services .
Both sites offer WHOIS anonymity through a service they refer to as " Protect Details . "
If Protect Details is n't Privacy Protect.org under a different name , the two services are identical twins ; a PR at Esthost describes Protect Details as follows :
Enabling Protect Details allows replacing actual contact information for the domain name holder by the contact details marked for protect details project .
WHOIS database will display the alternative contact information along with a message proclaiming that this particular domain name is protected and uses the service powered by Protect Details dot com .
The only way to get in touch with the holder of the protected domain name is to use the e-mail address indicated as a contact e-mail .
Please note the concealing the contact information under the Protect Details option is legal as only the law - enforcement organizations has the ultimate right to demand for the exposure of personal data at any time .
PrivacyProtect.org is linked to Atrivo through EstDomains .
Officially , PrivacyProtect.org 's owners are anonymous , though Knujon is fairly certain that the company is owned by the Directi Group .
The service describes itself in much the same terms that Protect Details uses above .
Notice how the name Directi keeps popping up ?
The Directi Group ( a company based in Mumbai , India ) , is believed to own both EstDomains and EstHost , as well as Privacy Protect , LogicBoxes ( another hosting service ) , and the Public Domain Registry ( PDR ) .
LogicBoxes is a prominent sponsor of ICANN , which links both the Directi Group and Atrivo to that governing body .
Ties between the Directi Group and ICANN are well - documented ; Skenzo ( another Directi company focused on traffic monetization ) and LogicBoxes co-sponsored a day trip to the Taj Mahal for attendees of the 31st ICANN meet last February .
According to LogicBoxes ' PR , no expense was spared : " The trip included a comfortable drive in a convoy of luxurious coaches down the picturesque Golden Triangle of North India , followed by an awe striking tour of the Taj Mahal ... coupled with a visit to other famous landmarks in Agra — a tour of the magnificient Agra Fort ... rounding off with some of the best specimens of Mughal art in India . "
Going to see the Taj Mahal on someone else 's dime does n't mean a person is on the take , but the Directi Group is clearly interested in keeping the wheels of ICANN well - greased .
It 's hard not to notice that while certain branches of Directi are offering all - expenses - paid trips around India , other segments of the organization are ending up on embarrassing lists .
The PDR , ironically , is number nine on Knujon 's list of Top 10 worst registrars in terms of advertised junk product sites and compliance failures ; the top 20 registrars on that list account for 90 percent of the illicit sites Knujon has tracked .
Shares in US mortgage finance giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae have plunged to their lowest levels in nearly two decades .
The fall has reignited speculation that the US government will be forced to bail out the pair .
Shares in Fannie Mae , the biggest US provider of housing finance , fell 27 % to $ 4.40 , the lowest since 1988 .
And shares in counterpart Freddie Mac crashed by nearly 22 % to $ 3.25 , their lowest since 1990 .
However , the Treasury has said that it has no plans bail out the two firms , which underpin the US mortgage market .
The pair are government - sponsored enterprises and own or back almost half all US mortgages .
The Treasury gained the authority to bail out the Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , including buying shares in the two companies if needed , in a rescue plan approved at the end of July .
On Monday a report by US financial weekly Barron 's suggested that the chances of a government rescue were increasing .
The paper said a government bail - out would likely wipe out existing holders of the firms ' shares .
Julian Critchley argues all drugs should be made legal Britain 's policy of being tough on drugs is " pointless " , says a former civil servant who once ran the Cabinet 's anti-drugs unit .
Julian Critchley now believes the best way to reduce the harm to society from drugs would be to legalise them .
Mr Critchley , who worked with ex-Labour drug tsar Keith Hellawell , said many he had worked alongside felt the same .
They publicly backed government policy but privately believed it was not doing any good , he said .
War on drugs
He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme in a media - driven age it was difficult to present a case on what was a complex issue .
He said : " It 's much easier to come out with soundbites about being tough on drugs and continuing to crack down on drug dealers when in actual fact we know that does n't work . "
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
Ten years ago , the Cabinet Office 's Anti-Drug Co-ordination Unit was at the heart of the war on drugs in the UK , co-ordinating policy across all government departments .
Mr Hellawell , the controversial former police chief who went on to accuse Labour ministers of " closing their eyes " to the drugs problem , was appointed in 1998 as the public face of the government 's war on drugs .
Mr Critchley worked behind the scenes as the unit 's director .
In a response to an entry about drugs on BBC home editor Mark Easton 's blog , the former senior civil servant wrote that when he started work in the field he did not favour decriminalisation , but as time went on he changed his mind .
" I joined the unit more or less agnostic on drugs policy , being personally opposed to drug use , but open - minded about the best way to deal with the problem .
I was certainly not inclined to decriminalise , " he said .
But he soon came to the view that enforcement of the law was " largely pointless " and had " no significant , lasting impact on the availability , affordability or use of drugs " , he said .
Market ' saturated '
Mr Critchley went on to argue that wishing drug use away was " folly " and that there was " no doubt " there would be a fall in crime as a result of legalisation .
The idea that many people are holding back solely because of a law which they know is already unenforceable is simply ridiculous
Julian Critchley
Former senior civil servant " The argument always put forward against this is that there would be a commensurate increase in drug use as a result of legalisation , " he said .
" This , it seems to me , is a bogus point : tobacco is a legal drug , whose use is declining , and precisely because it is legal , its users are far more amenable to government control , education programmes and taxation than they would be were it illegal . "
Studies showed the market was already almost saturated with drugs , he said , and anyone who wished to purchase the drug of their choice could already do so .
" The idea that many people are holding back solely because of a law which they know is already unenforceable is simply ridiculous , " he said .
He also said the " overwhelming majority of professionals " he met , including those from the police , the health service , government and voluntary sectors , held the same view .
" Yet publicly , all those intelligent , knowledgeable people were forced to repeat the nonsensical mantra that the government would be ' tough on drugs ' , even though they all knew that the government 's policy was actually causing harm . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
" That signal is being taped across the network and the far end is using a very smart optical projection system to create a holograph , or my virtual presence , in Adelaide . "
Dr Bradlow could see who he was talking to in Adelaide via a big , flat panel screen , allowing the real time interaction .
" It has the look and feel of being in the same room together , " he said .
" You can envisage this in education , in entertainment , in news media as a holographic system , but the whole class of telepresence systems is going to be across all businesses . "
Telstra 's group managing director for enterprise and government , David Thodey , said the Musion Eyeliner System created the hologram which was delivered over Telstra 's powerful Next IP ( internet protocol ) system .
" We 've all seen this sort of thing in futuristic sci - fi movies , but the reality is that it can be done here and now , as we have just demonstrated , because of the scope and capability of Telstra 's world leading networks , " Mr Thodey said .
Despite the technology , beaming holograms about is not commercially available yet , he said .
But it could start to become commonplace in business within four or five years and eventually in homes .
" In the next few years , as your broadband speeds start to go faster , a step from there to a hologram is not very far , " Mr Thodey said .
" I think it is at least four or five years away ( for business ) before that will be the case because the technology has to come down in price . "
" This next generation network is changing the way we live and work . "
AAP
READER COMMENTS ON
" A Closer Look at the NY Times / CBS News Poll "
( 31 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 9/20/2008 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
Dude , the media has no credibility anymore , period .
They are a tool of big oil , pharma , military and Wall st .
Pretty soon the taxpayers will be bailing them out also .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 9/20/2008 @ 8:19 pm PT ...
And some icing for that cake , The McCain - Keating Connection
By Progressive Accountability September 19 , 2008 http://www.thenation.com...c/20081006/keating_video
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... concerned said on 9/20/2008 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
we 're all breathing toxic crap from our computers
http://www.rawair.net/articles.html
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 9/20/2008 @ 9:54 pm PT ...
My wife is an " Older White Woman . "
If she is typical , the P - M ticket has a real problem .
She says she cannot STAND Palin 's fishwife voice !
The very thought of " That Woman " in the Chief Executive 's chair repels her .
Being of the " Gentler Sex , " the thought of a macho , gun - totin ' female is repulsive .
" At least , " she says , " Hillary did n't try to pretend that she was a man . "
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 9/21/2008 @ 2:10 am PT ...
My mom is a 73 yo white and she has been for Obama since she first heard him ...
She called him the black FDR , her favorite Pres. that she grew up with .
I forgot to mention big agriculture in number one above .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 9/21/2008 @ 2:20 am PT ...
Listening to Kennedy and Pap on Ring of Fire today - Kennedy says there are about 30 different tactics that the GOP is using to get likely Democrats booted from the voter rolls .
One of them he mentioned was the foreclosure issue , another was mismatched official names in multiple government agency databases ( i.e. not including a junior , or a missing hyphen would get you pulled . )
What I 'm wondering is if there is a compiled list of these 30 or so issues that Kennedy is talking about , and if so , can we get it posted ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 9/21/2008 @ 3:26 am PT ...
On a hunch , knowing McCain 's Mob connections , I Googled " Palin + Organized Crime "
The following came up : #
The Palin Organized Crime Family
Sep 19 , 2008 ... The Palin Organized Crime FamilySara Palin : The Don Todd Palin :
The muscle of the Palin family Bristol Palin : In charge of prostitution ...
seattle.craigslist.org/see/rnr/847876882.html
- Similar pages - Note this
#
Re : The Palin Organized Crime Family
Sep 19 , 2008 ... McCain did n't want to tap Sarah Palin for VP but he had no choice .
It 's not Cheney and Rove pulling the strings in Washington , ...
seattle.craigslist.org/see/rnr/847896307.html
- Similar pages - Note this
But - clicking on them came up with the notation that they had been flagged for removal .
WHY ???
IF Lansky - Bronfman is ACTUALLY pulling the strings in the Republican Party , I think the Public has the right to KNOW it !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... nope said on 9/21/2008 @ 9:16 am PT ...
Can the debates be rigged ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 9/21/2008 @ 12:25 pm PT ...
can the debates be rigged ?
thats interesting question because i have been trying to get the fact that mccain was censored at the servicenation forum on sept 11 out to someone that could tell the world , , , i noticed it when i watched the program live and if u look at cspans web page under the recent programs list .pg 13 now , watch servicenation at about 9:44 in the tape , mccains answer is blocked i feel this is very important , not because i am a mccain fan , as i am not but because he must of said something the ceo cons didnt want out there , and how can the american peops decide who to vote for when they dont get to hear the candidates thoughts now this is what we r seeing in the midwest and i am curious if the entire nation had the answer blocked or just here in comcast country ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Elisabeth Ham , Tulsa , Ok. said on 9/21/2008 @ 2:14 pm PT ...
My two grandchildren are in their early twenties , both very much in favor of Obama and both rely entirely on their cell phones and the web .
Has anyone figured a way to poll these young people who do not have land line phones or are listed in the yellow pages ?
Seems to me with the huge increase in voter registration among college age kids , not including them in their polling data would skew any results from all polls .
PS -- at 76 I will vote for Obama in a heartbeat -- John McCain is near my age and I can't remember what I had for breakfast and I suspect he can't either .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 9/21/2008 @ 2:30 pm PT ...
What part of McCains answer was blocked ?
The part where he says " My Friends " ?
Or the part where he bad mouths Obama ?
That is the only things he knows how to do besides filibuster .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 9/21/2008 @ 5:24 pm PT ...
... Elisabeth Ham , Tulsa , Ok .
Maybe a " txt poll " would work if someone financed it .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 9/21/2008 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
floridot ... i dont know what he says ... its buzzed out ... it is after he starts bitching about congress " after their 5 week vacation ////// then buzzzzzzz
did u look at the cspan video ?
part of the reason i want to know what peops in other parts of the country see is i wonder who does the censoring .... the fcc or comcast
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 9/21/2008 @ 9:24 pm PT ...
It appears to me that the media has now decided to work the " close " horserace angle for all it's worth ever since the whole country tuned out in '96 when polls showed a Clinton blowout .
No telling how much advertising money was lost during that season , not to mention opportunities to shill products .
I 'm sure they 'll plan to never let that happen again .
They approach it just like hyping a football game .
LSU plays Appalachan State .
" App State could win !
Look at all their weapons !
Do n't miss this huge game ! "
And a lot more football fans tune in .
So , now it 's important to jiggle or report the polls in such a way that it could be close .
Keep the cash flowing baby .
And drill the moose .
shw
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/21/2008 @ 9:27 pm PT ...
McCain's ~
IMMATURE behavior in response to this economic crisis speaks volumes .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... whynot said on 9/21/2008 @ 10:52 pm PT ...
Now McCain Campaign is asking for rules for Palin 's debate with Biden .
Rules for Sarah - include scripted interviews , not turning in tax returns , not showing up for troopergate .
Tom Brokaw , Bob Schieffer and Jim Lehrer - we are counting on you to do your job like Charlie Gibson did .
There are no rules when someone is running for VP .
There were none for Hillary or anyone else .
People lets just call this what it is - a farce .
McCain is putting himself first not the country - do n't let him fool you .
This is a sad day in America
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... michelle l. said on 9/21/2008 @ 11:21 pm PT ...
I am an old , haggard toothless Virginia native female , over fifty , raised by the Bible , never lost that bad word " ai n't . "
Ma swears we are white folk .
Extremists are people we are supposedly fighting a war against in the Middle East .
We do n't need them here , running the government , court houses , Congress or the White House .
There need n't be any secret societies , secret plans for the " Lord 's chosen " for Armageddon or cocaine profits floating banks , the money buying the road to the Pearly Gates .
We have enough confusion with the failing economy .
Extremists are those confused religious ones in past times who burned innocent people wrongly judged witches , nearly exterminated the indigenous populations of North and South America , and lynched folks who were n't an acceptable color .
They all thought it was the " End of Time , " and then they died and were buried .
It 's a darker part of our heritage and one to leave far , far behind .
With Obama and the Democrats there are reportedly possible mafia affiliations , and we 're supposed to be fighting terrorists .
I 'd like to know the truth about it , and understand why for more than 100 years this darkness has prevailed and maintained a stronghold , allowed to grow , while our children have been sacrificed to free people from evil and oppression overseas .
Will Mr. Biden will handle labor with care to be sure these Americans are not victimized or infiltrated by thugs and racketeers , or greedy , overpaid executives ?
Our taxes spent to fight crime have been wasted while the insanity and devastation continues with street drugs , money made from it legit and illegal ; while the word insane or " loony " is tossed loosely at every person who disagrees with Fox News .
Republicans are out - of - touch in choosing a Keating Five criminal in the midst of financial collapse , who 's too old ; and a female under investigation , already trying to conceal information , who has nice " tits . "
They 're off - base in using religion in a ridiculing way , to campaign for winning and profit , and in using religion at all .
But I think they really , honestly believe it 's " Armageddon Time . "
It does n't surprise me sports proned Republicans who like big cigars , chose a beautiful , busty woman to run their race , as Rush Limbaugh said about Hillary , " She has a voice like one of your ex-wives . "
( It 's a discard - for - profit society . )
You can bet they 'll put a woman in office they can control , because Republicans are like that , yes they are .
Republicans make money from cigars and then frame Democrats for smoking them ( or , whatever . )
They also make money off pot by throwing Democrats in jail for growing it , while Republicans are probably the ones selling the seeds .
Republicans stack the deck , and give their buddies any extra money and stock tips .
They hire spies and teams of frame - up engineers to destroy their American foes , while perpetually kissing Britain 's behind .
But so do Democrats .
Democrats make fine movies , and are perpetually for " the poor folk " but I do n't see any of them handing out any cash in my neighborhood .
Once in Congress they suck the Government 's teat as voraciously as any Republican piglet .
Both have members at the CFR , Trilateral and Bilderbuggermen , ( for all the conspiracy theorists who already know about it .....)
That said , I do n't know who I 'm voting for , but if I do n't vote for Obama it wo n't be because of the color of his skin , but his choices in friends , and advisors .
If Palin is elected President , I expect the U.S.A.F. to christen her Queen , and then a space ship will land surely sent from Area 51 .
A little green guy will walk out and everybody will run to Alaska awaiting the last , Big Battle in the sky .
The little green guy will be David Addington in disguise promising eight more years of " Unitary Executive Theory " .. oh no !
If Obama wins , George Allen and Jack Abramoff will fall down wailing and knashing their teeth .
Some will adorn themselves with sack cloth and ashes .
Others will at least give the guy a chance .
You can bet all of us macaques will be watching from the trees , with our passports ready and up to date , hoping the election is nothing to be afraid of .
Hopefully macaques can have a sense of humor even if humans do n't .
Religions often say , " Because I have judged you inferior to me , let me change you , else I will despise you and I might kill you . "
The Christian church I was raised in taught love and understanding , respect , forgiveness and tolerance .
Truth and peace were its focus , and there 's nothing wrong with that .
We were n't " evangelical " and were taught to find goodness with everybody .
Jefferson believed in separation of Church and State .
He surely foresaw it as a peaceful manner of maintaining respect for the privacy and religious rights and preferences of all races and religions .
There 's nothing wrong or " sinful " about that , either .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 9/22/2008 @ 1:05 am PT ...
Okay , MICHELLE - Google McCain + Organized Crime .
That should tell you who we definitely do NOT want in the White House .
And a vote for Nader or McKinney is a vote for McCain - maybe Bob Barr ?
Remember how he treated Clinton ?
Unless staying home is an option , Obama is the only one left .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 9/22/2008 @ 2:05 am PT ...
Before everyone gives the green light to Paulson and Bernanke 's broken plan to restore confidence .
It wo n't .
And I do n't believe voting ( even rigged voting ) will matter much in our lives , if this is n't stopped right now .
THEY CREATED THIS MESS .
THEY CAN NOT GET US OUT .
THEY WILL JUST MAKE IT 100 TIMES WORSE .
WRITE CONGRESS THIS MORNING .
FIX IT NOW - Plan to Actually SOLVE THE PROBLEM
Document referenced in the above Come on people , Get On this NOW !!!
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... dennis morre said on 9/22/2008 @ 3:58 am PT ...
The public pole usually do n't exactly reflects the exact decision of an individual for final voting .
Things are changing so fast at the national and international front that which way the public decision will go at the time of voting is unpredictable .
http;//www.statedemocracy.org prvide an easy tool for voters .
hanks
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 9/22/2008 @ 7:35 am PT ...
I 150 % agree with phil .
REALLY you people ought to be ashamed of your selves .
Stop debating SHIT issues like Palin and Fucking obvious fake polls .
What Paulson and the treasury is doing right now is putting the death touch on our country .
The American Dream is now dead and all you bloggers can do is play the LOOK at the MONKEY game while the flames are buring even higher right behind you .
Inflation is coming and the FED has absolutely no legal right to FUCK us this way and buy all of these companies .
Do n't take my word for it http://patriotarchives.blogspot.com/
or
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBtAq7nqgHE
We are in the window , Do Something , WAKE UP , we are all being fucked right now .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 9/22/2008 @ 7:44 am PT ...
So who thinks printing a whole city street block with piles of $ 100 bills 8 feet high is gonna help anything .
Whoosh there goes the buying power of our dollar .
C-ya
We are truly fucked if people can't stop tallking about Palin and turn around and see the theft .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 9/22/2008 @ 7:49 am PT ...
Let me rephrase - WE NEED TO BE THE DICKS .
We 're dicks !
We 're reckless , arrogant , stupid dicks !
And Congress .. are pussies .
And the FED .. is an asshole .
Pussies do n't like dicks !.. because pussies get fucked by dicks .
But dicks also fuck assholes .
Assholes who just want to shit on everything .
Pussies may think they can deal with assholes their way , but the only thing that can fuck an asshole ... is a dick ... with some balls .
The problem with dicks is that sometimes they fuck too much , or fuck when it is n't appropriate , and it takes a pussy to show 'em that .
But sometimes pussies get so full of shit that they become assholes themselves .
Because pussies are only an inch and a half away from assholes .
I do n't know much in this crazy , crazy world , but I do know that if you do n't let us fuck this asshole , we are gonna have our dicks and our pussies ... all covered in shit .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 9/22/2008 @ 8:09 am PT ...
Okay -
I hear that Lyndon LaRouche has presented a thing called " The Homeowners ' and Bank Protection Act " which , if passed and signed into law , could lead us out of the morass we are in , by buying time we badly need to work our way out of the catastrophe that Wall Street and the Fed have gotten us into .
Poulson and Bernanke have n't a clue .
LaRouche has been predicting the mess we 're in for twenty years that I know of , and has been ignored , principally because he ran an expose on the Bushes a long time ago .
However , as the only economist who could find his butt with both hands , he has had a long time to think about ways to recover , once the disaster he foretold came about .
A lot of states would like to see his bill enacted , but as long as the Wall Street jerks keep control , it 's impossible .
If anyone has Obama 's ear , it might be a good idea to tell him about this .
Of course , LaRouche does n't think Obama has a clue , either , but I believe he 'd listen to reason .
He just has to get out from under Rubin and the rest of the barefoot financiers .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... michelle l. said on 9/22/2008 @ 9:20 am PT ...
TEDEGAR , thanks , amazing so few clear choices .
Whoever is elected will fall flat on his / her face dealing with the coming crisis .
Republicans have lead this country to a revolting financial predicament .
( The American financial budget is n't bottomless like Poppy Bush 's checkbook . )
Some folks are afraid and insecure with a possible Obama presidency .
Racism however large or small , is a fact of American life .
It 's a reality to be dealt with and exists on all levels , in all areas and colors , however great or small .
Obama will have to find a way to calm those emotions , whereas McCain has an advantage .
In that , the playing field is n't level .
Obama 's choice of associates will help secure his standing .
McCain and Palin seem to be depending on very far - right Americans who believe " the end is near . "
Republicans disdainfully have patronized religious folks for for several elections .
They 've utilized pulpits , fear and imaginary terror to gain power , and then they 've waged war and depleted the treasury .
They 've preyed on the fears and innocent ignorance of a general population neither political party adequately educated .
Now many extremely religious , desperate Republican followers actually believe these are the " End Times " and are readying themselves for the Great Battle .
Republicans are using these people , and it 's rather abhorrent to observe .
When there 's nothing to eat , and no money to buy clothing will a Republican Santa Claus be there to help out ?
Did a Republican Santa give 45 million Americans the same quality healthcare enjoyed by Congress , or did he stabilize social security ?
No , he waged war , sold American , tax - built public institutions and properties to foreign investors and private corporations ; and put a burden of debt on the next five generations , yet unborn .
Did he do it with the Lord 's help ?
Bush stated " We are the children of Abraham " early in his Presidency .
I 'd shiver in believing he had Divine Intervention in any of his decision processes .
As sick as it may be , the " Great Battle " is a Bush design , and fanatical Republican strategy .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... AMA said on 9/22/2008 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
Just get the necessary forms and GO VISIT the Vetrans in the hospitals , wherever you live .
Bring Registration forms , Pens , and maybe even Postage Stamps for them to mail in their abstentee ballots .
You are just a visitor !!
and Fight if you must !
The Obama office in Bellevue , Wa promised me some forms and I am on my way .
You Do It Too !
Thanx
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 9/22/2008 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
DO NOT CONSENT TO THIS BAILOUT .
Oneguy , LOVE .... TO YA .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/22/2008 @ 2:18 pm PT ...
Phil ~
Has nancy pelosi dropped the laundry and puckered up again ?
republicans are the cancer on America .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 9/22/2008 @ 2:33 pm PT ...
DON'T CONSENT
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/22/2008 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 9/22/2008 @ 6:43 pm PT ...
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
Meet the Hubble crew
Meet the crew launching on Atlantis ' STS - 125 mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope and learn how each became an astronaut in this special biography movie .
Play
Phoenix update
Scientists report on the progress of the Phoenix lander exploring the northern plains of Mars during this July 31 update .
Briefing | Panorama
Expedition 18 crew
The American , Russian and Japanese crewmembers to serve aboard the space station during various stages of the Expedition 18 mission , plus spaceflight participant Richard Garriott hold this pre-flight news conference .
Play
STS - 94 : Rapid re-flight
Three months after their 1997 flight was cut short by a fuel cell problem , the same seven astronauts returned to space aboard shuttle Columbia to fulfill the Spacelab science mission .
The STS - 94 crew tells the story in this post - flight presentation .
Play
STS - 124 : In review
The STS - 124 crew narrates highlights from its mission that delivered Japan 's Kibo lab module to the station .
Full presentation
Mission film
Jason 2 launch
A ULA Delta 2 rocket launched the Jason 2 oceanography satellite from Vandenberg Air Force Base on June 20 .
Full Coverage
Jason 2 preview
The joint American and European satellite project called Jason 2 will monitor global seal levels .
Mission | Science
STS - 124 space shuttle mission coverage
Extensive video collection covering shuttle Discovery 's mission to deliver the Japanese Kibo science lab to the station is available in the archives .
Full Coverage
Phoenix lands on Mars
The Phoenix spacecraft arrived at Mars on May 25 , safely landing on the northern plains to examine the soil and water ice .
Full Coverage
STS - 82 : In review
The second servicing of the Hubble Space Telescope was accomplished in Feb.
1997 when the shuttle astronauts replaced a pair of instruments and other internal equipment on the observatory .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
New Milky
Way map reveals a complicated outer galaxy
SLOAN DIGITAL SKY SURVEY PHOTO RELEASE
Posted : August 18 , 2008
CHICAGO --
The halo of stars that envelops the Milky Way galaxy is like a river delta criss - crossed by stellar streams large and small , according to new data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS - II ) .
While the largest rivers of this delta have been mapped out over the last decade , analysis of the new SDSS - II map shows that smaller streams can be found throughout the stellar halo , said Kevin Schlaufman , a graduate student at the University of California at Santa Cruz .
A theoretical model of a galaxy like the Milky Way , showing trails of stars torn from disrupted satellite galaxies that have merged with the central galaxy .
The structures seen in the SDSS - II star maps support this prediction of a complicated outer Galaxy .
The region shown is about one million light years on a side ; the sun is just 25,000 light years from the center of the Galaxy and would appear close to the center of this picture .
Credit : K. Johnston , J. Bullock
Schlaufman reported his results at an international symposium in Chicago , titled " The Sloan Digital Sky Survey : Asteroids to Cosmology . "
Over the last three years , Schlaufmann explained , the SEGUE survey of SDSS - II has measured the motions of nearly a quarter million stars in selected areas of the sky .
A careful search for groups of stars at the same velocity turned up 14 distinct structures , 11 of them previously unknown .
" Even with SEGUE , we are still only mapping a small fraction of the Galaxy , " said Schlaufman , " so 14 streams in our data implies a huge number when we extrapolate to the rest of the Milky Way . "
If each velocity structure were a separate stream , Schlaufman explained , there would be close to 1,000 in the inner 75,000 light years of the Galaxy .
However , these structures could arise from a smaller number of streams that are seen many times in different places .
" A jumble of pasta " is the way Columbia University researcher Kathryn Johnston described her theoretical models of the Milky Way 's stellar halo .
In a review talk at the symposium , Johnston explained how dwarf galaxies that pass close to the Milky Way can be stretched by gravitational tides into spaghetti- like strands , which wind around the Galaxy as stars trace out the same orbital paths at different rates .
" In the center of the Galaxy , these stellar strands crowd together and you just see a smooth mix of stars , " said Johnston .
" But as you look further away you can start to pick out individual strands , as well as features more akin to pasta shells that come from dwarfs that were on more elongated orbits .
By looking at faint features , Kevin may be finding some of the ' angel hair ' that came from smaller dwarfs , or ones that were destroyed longer ago . "
Heidi Newberg of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and her thesis student Nathan Cole have been trying to follow some of the larger strands as they weave across the sky .
" It 's a big challenge to piece things together , " said Cole , " because the stream from one dwarf galaxy can wrap around the Galaxy and pass through streams of stars ripped from other dwarf galaxies . "
Toward the constellation Virgo , where SDSS images revealed an excess of stars covering a huge area of sky , Newberg finds that there are at least two superposed structures , and possibly three or more .
The SEGUE velocity measurements can separate systems that overlap in sky maps , Newberg explained in her symposium talk .
" Part of what we see toward Virgo is a tidal arm of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy , whose main body lies on the opposite side of the Milky Way , but we do n't know the origin of the other structures .
There really are n't enough pasta varieties to describe all the structures we find . "
In addition to stellar streams , astronomers searching the SDSS data have found 14 surviving dwarf companions of the Milky Way , including two new discoveries announced today at the symposium by Gerard Gilmore of Cambridge University .
These satellite galaxies are orbiting within the halo of invisible dark matter whose gravity holds the Milky Way itself together .
Most of them are much fainter than the ten satellites known prior to the SDSS .
Because even the SDSS can only detect these ultra - faint dwarfs if they are relatively nearby , there could be several hundred more of them further out in the Milky Way 's dark halo , according to independent analyses by graduate students Sergey Koposov , of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg , Germany , and Eric Tollerud , of the University of California at Irvine .
" Even so , " said Koposov , " we expect that the number of dark matter clumps is much larger than that , so something must prevent the smaller clumps from gathering gas and forming stars . "
The SDSS dwarfs have far fewer stars than the previously known satellites , noted Gilmore , but they have similar spatial extents , and the stars within them move at similar speeds .
" I think the internal dynamics of these tiny galaxies may be hard to explain with our conventional ideas about dark matter , " said Gilmore .
" The SDSS has taught us a huge amount about the Milky Way and its neighbors , " said Johnston , who is pleased to see some of the predictions of her models confirmed by the new data .
" But we 're still just beginning to map the Galaxy in a comprehensive way , and there 's a trove of discoveries out there for the next generation of surveys , including the two new Milky Way surveys that will be carried out in SDSS - III . "
The Sloan Digital Sky Survey is the most ambitious survey of the sky ever undertaken , involving more than 300 astronomers and engineers at 25 institutions around the world .
SDSS - II , which began in 2005 and finished observations in July , 2008 , is comprised of three complementary projects .
The Legacy Survey completed the original SDSS map of half the northern sky , determining the positions , brightness , and colors of hundreds of millions of celestial objects and measuring distances to more than a million galaxies and quasars .
SEGUE ( Sloan Extension for Galactic Understanding and Exploration ) mapped the structure and stellar makeup of the Milky Way Galaxy .
The Supernova Survey repeatedly scanned a stripe along the celestial equator to discover and measure supernovae and other variable objects , probing the accelerating expansion of the cosmos .
All three surveys were carried out with special purpose instruments on the 2.5 - meter telescope at Apache Point Observatory , in New Mexico .
Funding for the SDSS and SDSS - II has been provided by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , the Participating Institutions , the National Science Foundation , the U.S. Department of Energy , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , the Japanese Monbukagakusho , the Max Planck Society , and the Higher Education Funding Council for England .
The SDSS is managed by the Astrophysical Research Consortium for the Participating Institutions .
The SDSS - II Participating Institutions are the American Museum of Natural History , Astrophysical Institute Potsdam , University of Basel , University of Cambridge , Case Western Reserve University , University of Chicago , Drexel University , Fermilab , the Institute for Advanced Study , the Japan Participation Group , Johns Hopkins University , the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics , the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology , the Korean Scientist Group , the Chinese Academy of Sciences ( LAMOST ) , Los Alamos National Laboratory , the Max - Planck - Institute for Astronomy ( MPIA ) , the Max - Planck - Institute for Astrophysics ( MPA ) , New Mexico State University , Ohio State University , University of Pittsburgh , University of Portsmouth , Princeton University , the United States Naval Observatory , and the University of Washington .
Telegraph
September 18 , 2008
Drivers could have their speed controlled by satellite to stop them from breaking the limit following a Government trial of new technology .
Cars fitted with the system would have their speed automatically monitored by satellites , which would also be programmed with the speed limits for different roads .
Drivers could have speed limited by satellite devices
A motorist who tried to accelerate beyond the speed limit would find the system stopping the car from going any faster or issuing a warning instructing them to slow down .
The Department for Transport is set to back the system known as Intelligent Speed Adaptation .
It follows lengthy trials conducted in Leeds in where cars have been fitted with the sophisticated satellite navigation system .
The Department for Transport said that the installation of the technology would be voluntary , but it is already in talks with the motor industry over how it could be made available for those who wanted to buy it .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
09/04/2008
Focus on the Palin : Dobson & Co. love Sarah
by Jeremy Hooper
You know how some folks have taken Sarah Palin 's onetime veto of a bill that would 've limited domestic partner benefits and tried to spin it as some sort of " pro-gay " move ?
And you know how we , among others , have been saying all along ( since 2006 , in fact ) that her veto was in no way a gay - positive maneuver , but merely something she had to do ?
Yea , well the Rocky Mountain News has provided even more justification for our side :
While an unknown quantity to many Americans , Palin has been on Focus on the Family 's radar since at least 2006 .
Kevin Clarkson , an Anchorage attorney who does work for the Alliance Defense Fund — loosely linked to Focus on the Family , knew of Palin 's work dating back to 1998 when she supported Alaska 's ballot measure outlawing gay marriage .
Focus Action , the political arm of Focus on the Family , helped on that campaign — though Palin at the time was mayor of Wasilla and may have only inadvertantly crossed paths with the group .
...
But it was when she beat Republican Gov. Frank Murkowski in the 2006 primary that Clarkson got a call from Focus on the Family asking him questions about the strength of her social conservative credentials .
" There had been some entries made under her name in Wikipedia that were of concern to them ( Focus on the Family ) , " Clarkson said .
" The main one cited in Wikipedia was her veto of a bill that would 've limited marriage benefits to married couples . "
Clarkson explained that it was a convoluted process that led to the veto .
Acting as legal counsel , Clarkson advised Palin to veto the bill that he said , because of confusing legislative machinations and existing court challenges , would 've had the opposite effect and locked in benefits for all couples .
Clarkson said he had to explain the whole decision to Focus on the Family to put minds at ease .
" She is on the conservative side of all issues , " Clarkson said .
" She is in favor of marriage being defined as between a man and a woman and she is pro-life .
There is no doubt about it . "
So not only did Sarah veto the bill because she was advised to do so -- she was advised to do so by an attorney affiliated with the Alliance Defense Fund .
THE ALLIANCE DEFENSE FUND !
The same legal organization that has fought against anyone who even farts in a gay - friendly manner !
The same Alliance Defense Fund that goes to court if a state or local government so much as acknowledges their LGBT citizens .
The same Alliance Defense Fund that holds an annual day of school in which they encourage gay students to become " ex- gays . "
The same Alliance Defense Fund that thoroughly muddies the lines between the religious and the civil .
The same Alliance Defense Fund that scares the ever - loving crap out of us !
Oh , and just to remind you :
This is the same Sarah Palin that the Log Cabin Republicans are trying to sell as " an inclusive Republican who will help Sen. McCain appeal to gay and lesbian voters . "
We do n't know whether to laugh , cry , or vomit about that .
Palin no stranger to Focus on the Family [ Rocky Mountain News ]
** ALSO : Be sure to check out the Associated Press 's piece pointing out all of the truth - stretchings in Gov. Palin's RNC Speech : Attacks , praise stretch truth at GOP convention [ AP via Yahoo ! ]
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
The dollar had been making a reasonably good recovery until Wall Street started to struggle .
It ’s clear that the bailout is going to mean a heavy cost to the US so the dollar has started to slide once again against the euro , giving up almost ten cents in recent days .
The cost of oil , which also had been dropping to a “ cheap ” high 90 ’s is back up in the mid-teens and beyond .
The $ 25 spike today was connected to the bailout .
This bailout is not helping average Americans and we have n’t even signed the damned thing yet .
Oil extended last week ’s massive gains and rose above $ 104 a barrel on Monday , on hopes that the U.S. government ’s $ 700 billion rescue plan would restore stability in the financial system and support global energy demand .
Sweeping government measures to rescue the financial system and restore confidence in shaky markets spurred gains across markets Friday , when oil rose almost 7 percent to cap its biggest three - day rally in a decade .
Email me at whatdoino ( at ) alaska ( dot ) net .
[ Taking the actual email address out of the code in hopes of cutting down the spam .
Sorry for the inconvenience , but I 'm spending way too much time deleting spam messages . ]
[ It did cut the span enormously . ]
The image in the banner is from a painting by Malaysian artist Zainol Arifin Mustafa Alfandi .
at whatdoino ( at ) alaska ( dot ) net .
[ Taking the actual email address out of the code in hopes of cutting down the spam .
Sorry for the inconvenience , but I 'm spending way too much time deleting spam messages . ]
[ It did cut the span enormously . ]
All unattributed photos , videos , audio are original to this blog and all rights are reserved .
Prior Permission required for commercial ( including sites with ads ) use of photos , videos , audio , and all but brief excerpts of text for non-commercial use .
Notification of any use appreciated .
It used to be that chat bots were toy projects written by young programmers to impress their friends in their favorite IRC channel .
These days , some bots are much more ambitious projects .
For example , both identi.ca and Twitter are using XMPP bots to distribute messages to users in real - time .
At Chesspark , we have chess playing bots that must be able to play hundreds of games at a time .
It ’s no longer good enough just to have a bot ; now the bots have to scale .
Client Bots
The first step along the bot programmer ’s journey is to write the bot as an XMPP client .
Many client libraries already exist , and the client protocol is well understood .
It does n’t take long to have a working echo bot in any number of languages .
There is a huge problem with client bots – rosters .
If part of the client bot ’s functionality depends on subscribing to the presence of its users , the roster size becomes the limit to scalability .
There are two reasons for this .
First , querying large rosters from persistent storage is an expensive task for the XMPP server .
Many servers are written with the assumption that all rosters are fairly small .
Once rosters become tens of thousands of entries long , this starts to affect performance elsewhere in the system .
Second , a large roster means an enormous stanza in the connection startup .
As I ’ve written before , large stanzas are bad .
Pretty much all processing will stop for the bot while it receives and deals with this stanza .
If that stanza takes more than a few seconds to receive , users will notice this delay when the bot starts up .
Both of these issues affect startup only .
It ’s not a big deal if your bot has 100 % uptime , but this is unachievable .
Even worse , if you run into a crash bug , the bot can start to destroy performance of itself and of the server it is connected to .
In May of last year , this is what happened to Twitter as its bot passed the 40,000 roster item mark .
What can the bot developer do ?
Rewrite the bot as a component .
Component Bots
A component is a trusted piece of an XMPP server that can send and receive arbitrary stanzas .
Components speak a different protocol to communicate with the server .
Because the name of a component is a domain ( example : arbiter.chesspark.com ) , a component can pretend to be many users .
Any stanza addressed to user@component.server.com will be delivered to component .
server.com no matter what the value is of ‘ user ’ .
Because the XMPP server has no idea what services a component will perform , it does not require a component to maintain a roster for any users it pretends to be .
This means that the large roster problem does not exist for components .
If the component still needs to keep track of user presence , it is easy to subscribe and handle subscription requests to and from users .
In most cases , the bot wo n’t even need to keep track of this information .
Even if it needs to know the presence of all users , it can just put these values in memory as they change and send presence probes to get them on restart .
S2S Bots
It may turn out that your bot needs super - scalability ; in that case , the next step is to have the bot speak the server to server ( s2s ) protocol directly , and pretend that it is an entire XMPP server .
There are several reasons why you might want to do this .
The XMPP component protocol does not currently provide for load balancing or clustering .
Some servers may allow this using extensions or by writing server specific components .
In order to horizontally scale a component , one must handle this scaling by implementing some inter-component protocol and then using a custom load balancer that speaks the componenent protocol to the server .
Since s2s connection endpoints are managed via DNS SRV records , an s2s bot can use DNS as a load balancer and only have to handle communication between the partitions of the bot .
While this does n’t get you scaling by itself , it at least reduces the problem considerably .
In some cases , the XMPP server may be too much overhead if your service is essentially just an XMPP bot .
Why send traffic through a routing process inside a server if it is already known that it is for use externally ?
Even small amounts of overhead can add up quickly at scale .
In terms of managing infrastructure alone , taking out an XMPP server from the equation saves a lot of work .
Further Thoughts
We ’ve built a lot of bots at Chesspark .
To date we have used client bots and component bots to achieve our goals , but in pursuit of high availability , we will need to address the single points of failure .
Speaking s2s or developing custom load balancing for XMPP components is on our agenda for the future .
Christopher and I have a bunch of example code that we ’ve been preparing showing how to implement XMPP bots in Twisted Python .
Look for some tutorials in the near future .
Spore , the long awaited evolved version of Sim City by game genius Will Wright has a DRM problem .
As of this post , there are 14 " 1 Star " reviews versus six 4 and 5 star reviews , by people who said that they wo n't buy it ( which admittedly is n't quite the same as a review of the game itself ) because it has DRM :
Thus Spore now has an average of 2 - stars on Amazon .
The game as gotten good but not excellent reviews , so this is surely of concern for the makers as people will probably take the Amazon rating seriously and might not buy .
Is this a concerted campaign to shame EA ( Spore 's publisher / distributor ) or a distributed disorganized consumer reaction against DRM itself ?
I tried Googling for " Spore DRM campaign " thinking I 'd find a Defective By Design campaign about it , but could n't find anything .
The moment concentrated actions like protests lead to dis-organized collective action and rebellion en masse is very exciting .
If these are actual consumers acting in concert but without prompting from a centrally organized campaign then it means that our efforts at establishing DRM as an anti-feature have been successful .
UPDATE : BoingBoing and Kotaku both linked here ( thanks ) and Spore now has 144 " 1 - star " reviews , but is # 1 in games :
INDIANAPOLIS -- Chronic lead poisoning , caused in part by the ingestion of contaminated dirt , affects hundreds of thousands more children in the United States than the acute lead poisoning associated with imported toys or jewelry .
Could treating contaminated soil with water prevent this public health scourge ?
In a study appearing in the August issue of the journal Applied Geochemistry , Gabriel M. Filippelli , Ph.D. , professor of earth sciences and department chair at Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis , conducted a literature review of studies of urban soils as a persistent source of lead poisoning and also investigated the lead burden in the soils from a number of cities , including Indianapolis .
His findings reveal that older cities like Indianapolis have a very high lead burden resulting in a lead poisoning epidemic among their youngest citizens .
Filippelli suggests two possible remedies , one of which he believes to be feasible from both the practical and monetary perspectives and doable almost immediately .
According to 2007 U.S. Census Bureau data , there are approximately 20 million children below the age of five in the United States , the age range of greatest susceptibility to the harmful affects of lead poisoning .
Filippelli notes that about 2 percent of these children ( approximately 400,000 ) have lead poisoning , many in epidemic proportions .
While acute lead poisoning from toys and direct ingestion of interior paint has received more publicity , these cases account for only a portion of children with lead poisoning .
Many health officials are increasingly concerned with chronic lead poisoning , which occurs at lower levels of lead in the blood and are harder to diagnose .
Babies and young children may develop chronic lead poisoning when playing in dirt yards or playgrounds or in areas with blowing dry soil tainted with the lead , which is ubiquitous in older urban areas .
" These national numbers for chronic lead poisoning are staggering but the percentage of affected children in older urban areas is much much higher than in rural areas or newer cities .
The blowing soil and dust young children ingest contains large amount of lead from lead paint and leaded gasoline deposited decades ago , and from industrial contamination .
In Indianapolis , we found high levels of soil contamination .
Many older urban centers , have lead poisoning rates that are 5 to10 times the national average . " said Filippelli , who is a biogeochemist studying environmental contamination of heavy metals and its effects on children 's health .
Going into neighborhoods where yards are dirt rather than grass - covered and spraying clean water with high power shower systems when tests show that soil moisture is low ( usually mid-July to mid-September in Indianapolis , for example ) , would significantly decrease the chronic lead poisoning in children , according to Filippelli .
Since contaminated dirt blows from one property to another , this cannot be done on a house by house basis but must be carried out on a regional basis .
A better but less feasible remedy would be to put a layer of clean soil on top of the contaminated soil and to hydroseed the fresh dirt with grass .
While preferable it is less practical as the grass has to be maintained , more costly and probably unrealistic to expect money - strapped municipalities to attempt .
The high end remedy , removal of all contaminated dirt , perhaps two feet deep , is unattainable , except in small areas around industrial sites such as lead smelters .
Lead levels in the dirt in which children play are a public health hazard .
" Our review plus the new directions we suggest for remoisturizing soil to prevent blowing of contaminants , confirm that our approach to estimating lead burden and its remediation can be done anywhere in the U.S. where there is a lead concern .
The Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban have focused their attention on indoor contamination as the direct source of lead to children .
It is now time to open the door and solve the contaminated soil problem .
We hope our study will raise awareness , and ultimately funding , to stop the poisoning of America 's children , especially those living in older urban areas , " said Filippelli , who is associate director of the Indiana University Center for Environmental Health .
Young children , especially those who crawl , put objects in their mouth , eat dirt , or are exposed to blowing dirt , and can consume a significant amount of lead .
Children 's developing digestive systems are very susceptible to lead poisoning .
To a child 's body , lead looks like calcium because they both have same ionic charge and size .
As their neurons develop , the nervous system tries to use lead in place of calcium and the child 's neural systems fail to form correctly .
This impairs neural function leading to irreversibly decreased IQ and increased attention deficient issues .
Chelation , which purges lead from the body , is used to treat acute lead poisoning but is much less effective in chronic lead poisoning .
Source : Indiana University
Walter Veltroni , an opposition leader and Mr Alemanno 's left - wing predecessor as mayor of Rome , said that in protest he would resign as head of a commission in charge of building a museum in Rome dedicated to victims of the Holocaust .
He said he could no longer work for the commission because Mr Alemanno was also a member .
The policies sound good , and perhaps they would be , if not for the malignant intentions that motivate them .
As physicians , we have seen the numbers of uninsured and underinsured soar , costs skyrocket , and quality deteriorate .
Meanwhile , doctors drown in a sea of bureaucracy .
Only single payer would eliminate the high corporate overhead , profits , and enormous inefficiencies ...
The banality and sense of entitlement of rich students at Harvard left John H. Summers feeling his teaching had been degraded to little more than a service to prepare clients for monied careers .
Most of the students I encountered had already embraced the perspectives of the rich , the powerful and the unalienated , and they seemed to have done so with appalling ease .
One of my less affluent students , the son of a postman , asked me once for advice about a financial investment ....
I told him what I thought about this recommendation ; but only later , when I learnt how little he had to invest ( $ 2,000 was his total savings ) , did I allow myself to think I understood the significance of his question .
No amount of money may be permitted to lie idle if something may be got for nothing .
I recently received a form letter from Marcia Angell 's socialist federation , " Physicians For A National Health Program , " looking for support for government sponsored universal health care .
It cited the usual reasons : Etc .
Ok , valid if not hyperbolic points .
But that 's notshe wants single payer insurance .
The stated reasons include reducing corporate profits .
That 's not a byproduct , or a necessary result , it is afor doing it .
Another example I 've used before .
NPR was interviewing someone over a year ago about the high price of oil ( ha ! ) and she asked the guy how to reduce the price , and he said he actually hoped the price would go higher , because it would curb use , decrease carbon emissions , force alternative energies to be explored , etc. Great .
Her response , however was : oh , ok , and decreasing demand would be another way to hit oil companies where it hurts .
Get it ?
That 's where she was standing , lowering prices might be good for the consumer but she did n't bother to say that .
What was on the tip of her tongue was the need to punish oil companies .
This woman is not stupid , she 's not unaware of the complexities of energy policy -- but where her mind went immediately was how we can hurt oil companies .
It was n't incidental , it was absolutely vital that this happen .
In the British Times Higher Education is an article by a Harvard professor lamenting the decline of the American student .
Here 's the table of contents blurb :
It laments the student privilege , grade inflation , consumerist attitudes , and the like .
But that turns out to be only a minor gripe .
What really got him :
He goes on to describe and deride this perspective , but when he chooses to cite an example -- you expect him to say something like " they urinated on homeless people " or " voted for Bush " -- he chooses this :
This Harvard professor is angry that the guy wanted to .
Period .
" Something for nothing . "
Do you understand ?
I suppose I should n't be surprised -- this nut was also angry that Harvard would n't let him teach a class he named , " Anarchist cultural criticism in America " -- but the main point is that this guy , the NPR interviewer , and Marcia Angell are certainly not the underprivileged .
Their resentment against the system is n't supposed to be this visceral .
That 's why the social welfare angle is a red herring .
It 's not that they want better services for the underprivileged and hurting the rich is the byproduct ; it 's the opposite , hurting the rich is the emotional , primary motivator , and the rest is an intellectual posture that rationalizes this resentment .
This is why it 's dangerous .
That 's why you can't side with them even if you agree with their policies .
Intention matters .
Ex -Marcia these three may not be rich , but this amount of public hate and open vitriol are not expected in a properly functioning classless society .
Which simply means it 's not properly functioning .
Nothing new there , except for this : it is properly functioning .
What 's not working is the perception .
Summers is angry because he does n't feel he could plug into the capitalist system , even though , obviously , he could if he tried -- the postman 's son certainly is , with far less money or knowledge than the professor .
So it 's not the reality , it 's the perception , but perception , confidence , is what this society is based on .
Consequently , the system is failing .
The analogy is a bank run .
As long as people think the bank is solvent , then it actually is .
But if enough peopleit is n't , then itbecomes insolvent .
So the question that needs to be answered is , " what went wrong that ordinary Americans hate people they perceive to not be in their class ? " From grade zero through college , you are told you belong to a class .
Let 's use the simple example of money : if you 're an engineering student they 'll tell you how to be an engineer , but no one anywhere tells you how to be aengineer .
No one even tells you it is possible .
If you go into the humanities , the expectation is you 'll be " poor . "
Your future is defined by its limitations , not possibilities .
" You wo n't starve , but you certainly are n't going to be rich . "
Really ?
Are we still in America ?
It seems to occur to no one to try to teach humanities students howto be poor .
You 're choosing a major and a lifetime social class .
There 's no fluidity -- they teach you , day one , pick your life slot .
Good luck changing your mind in twenty years .
I'm not saying they should explicitly teach you how to be rich -- I 'm saying they should n't teach you to expect to be in a slot .
Worse -- and I have seen no one anywhere make this observation , the most important one of all -- there is no generational perspective on advancement .
At no point in K - 16 is there even the subtlest suggestion that you should make something of yourself
Not as a byproduct , but as the actualof all this education .
No : the whole thing is aboutCertainly people want their kids to do well , they put them in violin lessons , but what is missing is this explicit mantra : they need to go further than me .
If you 're a doctor reading this , answer honestly : you 've mused about whether you want your kid to become a doctor or not , but do youthem to be more than that ?
Not equivalent -- e.g. lawyer -- but more ?
Are you raising them for more , or the same ?
Here 's a word you will never hear taught as a goal : dynasty .
No .
What they teach you is feudalism : here 's your fief , bring me homage .
It 's not totally the parents ' fault : the entire system , education and onwards , has grossly diminished expectations of its people and encourages , necessitates a self - focused , ahistoric worldview .
They want you to plug into the Matrix , and then die .
When you do , return all your stuff , someone else will use it .
If you think of psychiatry as Zoloft , you 're missing its scope .
Psychiatry and culture are the same .
It backs it , it supports it , it helps set expectations and values .
It was more obvious with Darwinism or Freudianism because those were clearly articulated theories you could put in a book ; psychiatry is more nebulous , but it is no less powerful a cultural force .
Here 's its mission statement : " you are different .
And we will try hard to get you back up to the level of almost normal , but , state of the art , that 's about as good as we can get .
" But psychiatry does n't just reduce expectations for humanity , it diverts attention away from real expectations , onto a pointless biologic outcome .
If it really wanted to help , say , foster kids , it would say , " what are the ways we can actually change their lives ?
Options : we can send them to big orphanages with skill immersion programs ; or we can spend a trillion dollars and give them all individual tutors / case managers to follow them every day , etc - -"
But since it can't have this complex debate , because it requires way too much money , it shifts the expectations to " managing symptoms .
"
The classic counterargument to my position is : you may be right , but psychiatry is better than nothing .
Yeah , so was your first husband .
" Better than nothing " is almost always worse than " nothing . "
Defaulting to psychiatry legitimizes not pursuing actual solutions .
The patient is bleeding , your solution is to mop up the bloody floor so it does n't look as bad .
How long will this work ?
At what point do you become so deluded by the system that you think the " real " solution is better mops ?
Rumors have been swirling for awhile now that Jenna Jameson is pregnant .
She has now confirmed the news herself via her MySpace Blog and there ’s even an added little surprise , She and her man Tito Ortiz are expecting TWINS !
Yes everyone , I can officially confirm that Tito and I are expecting twins !
I had my second ultrasound today and was greeted by two big healthy babies with pounding hearts .
I ca n’t even express the extreme serenity that came over me once I saw my children inside me .
It has been my dream to have children for an exremely long time , and I truly feel like finally … the time is right and god has blessed me .
I have never felt more like a woman , or more alive .
Tito is happier than I have ever seen him , it is so fulfilling to see him so proud .
He looked me in the eye today after our doctors appointmet and said “ I ’m the luckiest man on earth … thank you for having my babies ” .
I cried .
i have been spending my days on bedrest , not because it is doctor ordered … but because , I am so incredibly fatigued and nauseous .
Its hard to drag myself out of bed some mornings , which is hard for me … since I am always so active !
I have officially gained 7 pounds so far , and am planning on a lot more .
I crave fruit by the gallon … ornages and pineapple are at the top of my list .
Cereal at 3 am suits me every night !
Lastly , I want to thank all of you for your unwavering support .
It means so much to me , I do n’t think you even know .
There are a lot of nasty comments from insensitive people , but in my state of incredible happiness …
It doesnt matter what they say !
I love all of you !
JJ
Note :
My inspiration for posting this is attributable to the many radically creative and excellent ideas in Food Not Lawns : How to Turn Your Yard into a Garden and Your Neighborhood into a Community by H.C. Flores .
The clock is ticking .
On Wednesday , I am to shoot a segment for the Sust Enable film project in which I construct a draft box ( alternative to a refrigerator ) , solar cooker ( alternative to a stove / oven ) , and hot water solar shower , in order to illustrate how easy and cheap it is to build such items for the average person .
Once applied , these technologies can divert significant amounts of energy that would normally come from the plugs in your home , to free energy provided by the sun and wind .
( Of course , the issue of winter and weather conditions arises , but I believe that every little applied creative technology helps in the approach toward sustainable living . )
But there is one obstacle looming … can I overcome it in the hours before the shoot begins ?
How do I sustainably acquire the necessary materials ?
If I am claiming to live a 100 % sustainable lifestyle , then certainly I cannot acquire anything new–all supplies must be redeemed from the waste stream of others .
Or must they ?
I began to realize that the likelihood of me garbage - picking a 55 - gallon drum , spigots , fixtures , tools , aluminum foil and black hose was rather slim in the time frame given , and with the transportation resources I have ( i.e. , a bike ) .
Hence , I must consider the tradeoff of my actions as thoroughly as I can .
What are the consequences of the manufacturing of a metal spigot , bought new from Home Depot ?
What ’s the tradeoff if I were to continue to use conventional hot water heaters for all of my showers for the next few years of my life ?
… Ah . Maybe I can be a little less strict with myself !
Nevertheless , there are shockingly abundant resources for ANY home sustainability project you wish to undertake .
All you have to do is learn to look in the right places first !
And , these resources are completely free .
People seem shocked to hear that my cost of living is under $ 100 a month .
But when you are trying to live sustainably , operating without superfluous commodities becomes a given ( also discussed in Food Not Lawns , under “ Quit Your Job ” ) !
But that ’s another post …
There is nothing more sustainable than trying to get the most use out of the embodied energy of any material .
That means : if you ’ve got an old cupboard you do n’t have a place for anymore , do n’t smash it and use it as firewood !
Countless gallons of water and petroleum went into turning that wood into a cupboard , so brainstorm other ways to use it in its high - energy state , or give to someone who can use it .
In Cradle to Cradle , the authors talk about how recycling materials often results in “ downcycling ” –where the subsequent use of the material results in low - grade , un-recyclable products .
Since this is the current state of design , recycling is nowhere near “ sustainable . ”
On the other hand , reusing materials and not thinking of them as “ waste ” leads to a more ecologically - responsible lifestyle .
Last night , an old garden hose was coiled up on a neighbor ’s garbage pile , awaiting the morning ’s collection truck .
Instead , it found a new home and a new use with me ( see it in the Solar Shower segment ) .
Anything you dream , you can create … and using found & available materials makes it all the more specific , original , and creative !
Here are some tips for where you can find just about anything you need .
“ Garbage picking ” in affluent neighborhoods .
This is by far the most successful means of acquiring excellent materials .
Simply driving or biking around the streets on trash night ( easily determined on the Internet ) , I have spotted a solid wooden draft table , soundproof foam , gardening supplies , a mint - condition armchair … even a child ’s scooter !
The neighborhoods do n’t have to be affluent either , but I think you ’ll find that the rate of good materials is higher on a house - to - house basis in such neighborhoods .
Shame on them for being so wasteful … but good for you and your projects .
This is by far the most successful means of acquiring excellent materials .
Simply driving or biking around the streets on trash night ( easily determined on the Internet ) , I have spotted a solid wooden draft table , soundproof foam , gardening supplies , a mint - condition armchair … even a child ’s scooter !
The neighborhoods do n’t have to be affluent either , but I think you ’ll find that the rate of good materials is higher on a house - to - house basis in such neighborhoods .
Shame on them for being so wasteful … but good for you and your projects .
Freecycle or the “ Free ” section on Craigslist .
Dozens of furniture items , building materials , and miscellaneous household stuff are being given away right now in your neighborhhood on these online forums !
For FREE !
When was the last time you could get loads of lumber for free ?
Also , check out the barter and other sections for good deals .
Dozens of furniture items , building materials , and miscellaneous household stuff are being given away right now in your neighborhhood on these online forums !
For FREE !
When was the last time you could get loads of lumber for free ?
Also , check out the barter and other sections for good deals .
Dumpsters .
Ever driven around to the back of a grocery store or a strip mall ?
Well , it ’s time to start .
I have found clothes , picture frames , CD racks , notebooks , food ( of course ) , and even a printer … all sorts of usable , high - quality materials that for some reason had gone “ out of date ” with the store supplying them .
Hours earlier you could have purchased that printer … now , it ’s yours for the taking .
Ever driven around to the back of a grocery store or a strip mall ?
Well , it ’s time to start .
I have found clothes , picture frames , CD racks , notebooks , food ( of course ) , and even a printer … all sorts of usable , high - quality materials that for some reason had gone “ out of date ” with the store supplying them .
Hours earlier you could have purchased that printer … now , it ’s yours for the taking .
Tag sales .
Sometimes people just do n’t know what goodies they are tossing out .
Sometimes people just do n’t know what goodies they are tossing out .
Free box .
Some community projects , especially cooperatives , may offer a free box .
Common items incude clothing , slightly damaged tools , and miscellaneous small items .
Some community projects , especially cooperatives , may offer a free box .
Common items incude clothing , slightly damaged tools , and miscellaneous small items .
Wholesalers .
Occasionally you will find large , unusual items from food distributors , retailers , supply stores , etc .
This includes 55 - gallon drums .
And do n’t forget …
Occasionally you will find large , unusual items from food distributors , retailers , supply stores , etc .
This includes 55 - gallon drums .
And do n’t forget …
The Junkyard !
Want to build a wind turbine for home use ?
It ’s a pretty simple procedure … and it requires a car alternator .
Get one for a couple bucks at a junk yard !
Your mind will run wild with schemes for using some of the awesome , bizarre objects they offer .
Lastly , if you have a deadline ( like I do ) , and must pay for your reclaimed materials , then do so at a reuse warehouse like that of Construction Junction in Pittsburgh , PA .
Construction Junction “ promotes conservation through the reuse of building materials . ”
They collect an assortment of materials from home remodeling , building demolitions , etc. , thus diverting valuable resources from the landfill .
The store looks not unlike Home Depot , but all of the contents had a life before they arrived , and will have a life again in your project .
The vast , serious issue of environmental degradation requires creativity , gumption , and flexibility .
In my opinion , the best way to exercise all three of these is to get a - garbage pickin’ !
When you come home with a car full of veggies ( from a broken - down cooler at a grocery chain ) , a whole patio set and some paint cans ( from a neighbor ’s curbside ) , then we can talk about getting creative !
In my experience with dumpster diving for food , you can never count on exactly what kinds of food will be thrown out .
You can , however , swear by its abundance .
( Re ) Cycle Waste .
Close the Loop .
Reap the Rewards !
Read more about
Zero Waste , Dumpster Diving
top photo credit : Romary on WikiCommons under the GNU Free Documentation license
Update :
Over the weekend , Congress sadly has passed the bill .
But it 's not law yet -- stay tuned for our next step .
In addition to all of the emails and phone calls they received from you , Senator Leahy and friends received a stern rebuke from the Department of Justice in response to their suggestion that the DoJ should be doing the RIAA and MPAA 's dirty work .
The DoJ said :
We strongly oppose Title I of the bill , which not only authorizes the Attorney General to pursue civil remedies for copyright infringement , but to secure " restitution " damages and remit them to the private owners of infringed copyrights .
First , civil copyright enforcement has always been the responsibility and prerogative of private copyright holders , and U.S. law already provides them with effective legal tools to protect their rights ....
Second , Title 1's departure from the settled framework above could result in Department of Justice prosecutors serving as pro bono lawyers for private copyright holders regardless of their resources .
In effect , taxpayer - supported Department lawyers would pursue lawsuits for copyright holders , with monetary recovery going to industry .
( EFF has a copy of the full letter . )
In response , the text of S. 3325 has now been updated to strike out the civil enforcement provisions .
This is very good news , but other nasty parts of the bill remain .
Please digg this story to help get the word out about the remaining problems with the " Enforcement of Intellectual Property Act " :
It still has new and extremely broad provisions for seizing property like computers and servers .
Such powers are notoriously abused to go on fishing expeditions , and since servers are often shared , people who are not even the targets of investigation will be hurt in the process .
like computers and servers .
Such powers are notoriously abused to go on fishing expeditions , and since servers are often shared , people who are not even the targets of investigation will be hurt in the process .
It still creates an Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator .
The title and responsibilities of this position are just as misleading and confusing as the bill , attempting to address issues like copyright and trademarks together when they should be addressed separately .
Creating and maintaining this position is a severe misuse of public resources and gets the industry 's foot in the door for future malicious action -- like promoting Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) .
.
The title and responsibilities of this position are just as misleading and confusing as the bill , attempting to address issues like copyright and trademarks together when they should be addressed separately .
Creating and maintaining this position is a severe misuse of public resources and gets the industry 's foot in the door for future malicious action -- like promoting Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) .
It still creates five International Intellectual Property Law Enforcement Coordinators .
These positions are tasked with encouraging other countries to follow our lead , in an attempt to replicate the provisions of this bill and the corresponding industry control all over the world .
.
These positions are tasked with encouraging other countries to follow our lead , in an attempt to replicate the provisions of this bill and the corresponding industry control all over the world .
It still commits $ 25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2013 as grants to state and local law enforcement for doing " training and education programs . "
We all know what the RIAA 's " training and education " programs look like .
We should n't be funding distribution of their propaganda .
for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2013 as grants to state and local law enforcement for doing " training and education programs . "
We all know what the RIAA 's " training and education " programs look like .
We should n't be funding distribution of their propaganda .
It announces the " Sense of Congress " as agreement with the idea that such enforcement actions should be one of the government 's highest priorities , and tries to paint achievement of the entertainment industry 's selfish interest as one of the most pressing tasks facing our society .
Any senator who agrees to such a statement must be directly in the industry 's pocket .
We know where Leahy stands -- on his top five contributors list from 2003 - 2008 , we see Walt Disney , Time Warner , and Viacom .
Congress should instead be committing itself to investigating the industry 's underhanded , abusive and corrupting legal tactics .
It 's also time for another round of phone calls , voicemails and emails to let our senators know that the bill is still unacceptable .
Please contact your senators again , as well as :
The timing here is critical , so do n't worry if it 's after office hours -- you can still leave a voicemail .
When you call or write , you might say something like :
Hello , my name is NAME and I 'm a potential voter in STATE .
I 'm contacting you to reiterate my opposition to S. 3325 , " The Enforcement of Intellectual Property Act , " sponsored by Senator Leahy .
I know that recently the bill was changed to remove some parts that I opposed -- like those that would have had the Department of Justice filing civil suits for copyright infringement against citizens .
I 'm happy this change was made , but it 's not nearly enough .
The provisions mandating property seizure are far too broad , and would lead to substantial interference in legitimate work and to intimidation of lawful sharing .
The new " Sense of Congress " section sums up exactly what 's wrong with the bill -- maximizing the profits of the entertainment industry without regard to the immense negative impact these enforcement actions have on the public interest is the exact opposite of what the government should be doing .
Copyright supposedly exists to promote and encourage effective ways to share knowledge and culture , not to inspire hoarding and prosecution .
Please stand against the corrupting influence of the RIAA and MPAA , and in favor of the public interest -- vote no on S. 3325 .
This bill is just one more in the long list of efforts by the entertainment industry to use their wealth and influence to corrupt our government .
From the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) to the Broadcast Flag , they are trying harder than ever to manipulate the law against the public in order to protect their own profits and prevent competition from the rapidly emerging DRM - free culture .
DefectiveByDesign will be continuing to expose their efforts and the politicians who assist them .
Thanks to our friends at 2600 Magazine for their inspiration for our image on this post .
I had the great pleasure of talking over the phone yesterday with Rose Marks , an 88 - year old Connecticut woman who won $ 1 million over the weekend when she “ matched five ” Powerball white ball numbers , only missing the red Power ball .
That won her $ 200,000 .
But because she exercised the Power Play option , she won $ 200,000 X 5 for a million prize .
Rose had just finished at the salon when I reached her … she is hard of hearing so her son picked up the phone .
Rose was getting ready for an appearance on The Today Show .
Ellen DeGeneres was also calling .
Rose ’s kids told me how this all happened .
Waiting in line at a grocery customer service desk , Marks almost decided to step away before buying a Powerball Quick Pick ticket for the Saturday , September 20 drawing .
But , “ my feet did n’t move , ” Rose said .
Instead , she waited for the one ticket she planned to buy , a Powerball with PowerPlay ticket .
Cost : $ 2 .
Rose ’s patience was paid off with a $ 1,000,000 prize .
Although more than 36,000 winning tickets were sold in Connecticut for Saturday ’s Powerball drawing , Rose ’s was the only ticket sold in Connecticut that matched the 5 white - ball numbers .
Accompanied by a family member , Rose arrived at CT Lottery offices on Monday to claim her prize .
She had n’t yet realized the value of the PowerPlay feature added to her ticket , and was “ overwhelmed ” when she became “ Connecticut ’s Newest Millionaire . ”
Rose shared her plans for the prize money – to spread it among her children and her many grand and great - grandchildren .
The numbers drawn Saturday evening were 6 , 28 , 30 , 40 , 47 , and the Powerball was 24 .
The PowerPlay multiplier was 5 .
The jackpot for the Wednesday , September 24 drawing will be $ 176 million with the cash option at $ 89 million .
The jackpot is currently the world ’s largest lottery prize .
No one won last night ’s Mega Millions draw so the jackpot rolls to $ 24 million on Friday .
Four tickets matched five of six balls ( missing only the Mega ball ) and won $ 250,000 each .
They played in Maryland , New York , Texas and Virginia .
Good luck tonight .
As everyone is probably aware by now , in Python 3 dict.keys ( ) , dict.values ( ) and dict.items ( ) will all return iterable views instead of lists .
The standard way being suggested to overcome the difference , when the original behavior was actually intended , is to simply use list ( dict.keys ( ) ) .
This should be usually fine , but not in all cases .
One of the reasons why someone might actually opt to perform a more expensive copying operation is because , with the pre-3.0 semantics , the keys ( ) method is atomic , in the sense that the whole operation of converting all dictionary keys to a list is done while the global interpreter lock is held .
Thus , it ’s thread - safe to run dict.keys ( ) with Python 2.X .
The suggested replacement in Python 3 , list ( dict.keys ( ) ) , is not .
There ’s a chance that the interpreter will give another thread a chance to run before or during the iteration of the view , and this will cause an exception if the dictionary is modified at the same time .
To fix the problem , either a lock must protect the iteration , or a more expensive operation such as dict.copy ( ) . keys ( ) must be used .
The 2to3 tool wo n’t help you there , unfortunately .
So , keep an eye on it !
The Drinking Water Inspectorate said it will study the new findings but said it had recently funded a study with a sample size approximately eight times larger than the Taiwan study and found " little evidence between THM concentrations in drinking water and risk of congenital defects and consequently tap water is safe for expectant mothers . "
Unlike other speaker setups , these geeks decided to use plasma and Tesla Coils to play their favorite tracks .
Continue reading to see more .
Plasma
While not the liquid / gas / solid states of plasma , this speaker uses the non-solid ‘ fourth state of matter ’ by creating compression waves in the air .
Hopefully , there will be portable versions of this technology in the near future .
Tesla Coils
Standing 7 - feet tall each , these Tesla Coils — each assigned to MIDI channels — recreate the Mario Bros .
theme with just sparks .
Ok , they ’re also connected via fiber optic link to a laptop computer running custom software .
Photo : courtesy Perkules
My friend was working at the CBC archives in Vancouver when she saw this posted to a board in one of the workrooms .
Apparently it was used by the CBC in the 1970s as a promo image !
Kinda creepy .
– Jeanette Ordas
Welcome to Real World Haskell
This is the online home of the book “ Real World Haskell ” .
It is published by O'Reilly Media .
The first edition was released in November 2008 .
We make the content freely available online .
If you like it , please buy a copy .
For news updates , please visit our blog .
Buy online
For your convenience , we have included links to the book through sellers in several countries .
What 's that creature on the cover ?
The illustration on our cover is of a Hercules beetle .
These beetles are among the largest in the world .
They are also , in proportion to their size , the strongest animals on Earth , able to lift up to 850 times their own weight .
Needless to say , we like the association with a creature that has such a high power - to - weight ratio .
What is Haskell ?
Here is a description of the Haskell language from the Haskell web site , with links to chapters from our book and to other sites .
Haskell is an advanced purely functional programming language .
The product of more than twenty years of cutting edge research , it allows rapid development of robust , concise , correct software .
With strong support for integration with other languages , built - in concurrency and parallelism , debuggers , profilers , rich libraries and an active community , Haskell makes it easier to produce flexible , maintainable high - quality software .
HOUSTON : Both Indian and Pakistani community of Chicago and its suburbs are in a state of unrest and shock due to an unbelievable investment scam worth millions - of - dollars targeting the community and sudden disappearance of Sunrise Equities 's CEO Salman Ibrahim .
State regulators are considering criminal charges against a developer named Ibrahim , who fraudulently persuaded hundreds of muslims to invest in real estate deals .
Some gave Ibrahim their life savings or mortgaged their homes before he disappeared in August .
Investors say they may loose more than USD 50 million .
Salman Ibrahim , CEO and President of the Chicago - based Shariah compliant financial services firm , which provided the market with competent and innovative Shariah Compliant investment products and services , duped the community .
Ibrahim founded the company in 2001 as a religious financial service in accordance with muslim law of Shariah , meaning interest free investment .
He would take money from people and pay them an amount in profits every month .
People started investing larger amount of money in his business .
Ibrahim along with his partners continued taking money from the community , which they invested in community business for nearly eight years and distributed profits as well .
Being well known in the muslim community in Chicago , Ibrahim was appointed as one of three Vice Presidents of the Shariah Board of America .
He also became well - known among the Muslim clergy in Chicago .
Lawyers for the investors are trying to force Ibrahim 's company Sunrise Equities into bankruptcy .
The state has suspended Sunrise 's rights to do business .
Dream to Reality : How I Quit My Day Job
Photo by g2slp
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life , and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work .
And the only way to do great work is to love what you do .
If you have n't found it yet , keep looking , and do n't settle .
As with all matters of the heart , you 'll know when you find it .
Ever since I learned about the concept of financial independence five years ago , the seed of a dream had been planted .
My dream : Having the freedom to deliberately choose how I spend every day – to have complete freedom of time .
As of last week , my dream became a reality .
I left my job at Amazon to start this new life chapter .
I have three goals :
To complete a triathlon
To learn French
To live everyday fully , as if my last
My answer to the question “ What do you do ? ” will now be “ I spend fulltime pursuing my passions . ”
Personal Story
I had a wonderful job at a phenomenal company .
I had flexibility , an understanding boss , and a high paying salary .
I loved my job .
But after 6 years of expending myself on the job , trying out various professional roles , I felt that I ’d grown beyond the fixed positions available at the company .
I ’m not going lie , having a lot of money is nice .
Money can buy you things , nice things .
However , the cliché is true – money cannot buy you happiness , and having it does n’t mean that you are a successful person .
After several years , I realized that the more money I made , the less satisfied I became .
Days started to blend into one another , time flew by , and I deeply longed for something with more meaning .
Upon realizing that I was trading my time for money , I started experimenting with various passive income sources .
I ’ve started and ended businesses , I ’ve turned hobbies into professional pursuits , and I ’ve tested out investment avenues .
In the end , I ’ve learned that it does n’t matter what you ’re doing .
As long as you are doing something that expresses your passion , you will excel and you will gain satisfaction .
I ’ve also learned that starting something from nothing and watching it grow is deeply rewarding .
Through my quest to finding my passion , I discovered blogging as a platform where I can share ideas and lessons learned that are closest to my heart , as a way to serve others .
For the first time in my life , I feel that I am living my life purpose .
Words cannot express the joy I feel while writing for Think Simple Now , and the numerous times when feedback from readers has brought me to tears .
This just feels right .
I wanted to take this time to say Thank
You for being part of this with me , and for helping me realize my dream while stumbling upon my passion .
What Now ? Q&A
Q : Now that you ’re a pro-blogger , will you be working on your blog fulltime ?
A : I do n’t view myself as a professional blogger , since in my mind , I love this so much that I would pay money to experience it .
Having said that , my main focus will be to follow my heart and do what feels right .
There are many things I plan on doing , blogging is just one of them .
The following are a list of things I plan to do and incorporate into my life :
Morning Routine – Establishing a healthy morning routine can be a powerful way to start your day .
Mine will include : rising early , drinking plenty of water , exercising , meditation , & reading something inspirational .
– Establishing a healthy morning routine can be a powerful way to start your day .
Mine will include : rising early , drinking plenty of water , exercising , meditation , & reading something inspirational .
Reading – I love to read , but never found that I had enough time to do so .
Now ’s my chance to ramp through books I ’ve always wanted to read .
I have a large reading list with new books and old books I plan to re-read .
My plan here is to read at least 2 - 4 books a month .
I tend to crack open several books at the same time , so we ’ll see how I do .
I will be sharing what I ’m reading with you all .
Check out the section “ What I ’m Reading Now ” along the side bar .
I will be updating it as I progress .
– I love to read , but never found that I had enough time to do so .
Now ’s my chance to ramp through books I ’ve always wanted to read .
I have a large reading list with new books and old books I plan to re-read .
My plan here is to read at least 2 - 4 books a month .
I tend to crack open several books at the same time , so we ’ll see how I do .
I will be sharing what I ’m reading with you all .
Check out the section “ ” along the side bar .
I will be updating it as I progress .
Yoga – Learning yoga .
– Learning yoga .
Meditation – Establish a regular daily meditation routine .
My plan is to meditate twice a day , between 10 - 45 minutes each session .
– Establish a regular daily meditation routine .
My plan is to meditate twice a day , between 10 - 45 minutes each session .
Exercise – I can count the number of times I ’ve exercised in the last year on one hand .
True story .
It ’s an area of my life that needs improving for the sake of my long term wellbeing .
I randomly picked triathlon as a goal , since it will be a tremendous challenge , and poses as a goal to whip myself into shape .
– I can count the number of times I ’ve exercised in the last year on one hand .
True story .
It ’s an area of my life that needs improving for the sake of my long term wellbeing .
I randomly picked triathlon as a goal , since it will be a tremendous challenge , and poses as a goal to whip myself into shape .
Public Speaking - I feel a draw towards motivational speaking and life coaching .
While I ’m not set on becoming a coach or a public speaker , I would like to explore in that direction .
I will be joining a local Toastmasters group , and train myself in becoming a more engaging speaker and effective leader .
- I feel a draw towards motivational speaking and life coaching .
While I ’m not set on becoming a coach or a public speaker , I would like to explore in that direction .
I will be joining a local Toastmasters group , and train myself in becoming a more engaging speaker and effective leader .
Travel –
My love for traveling comes from a desire to experience cultures that are vastly diverse from my own .
Some places on my list are : Mongolia , Arabic China , Bali ( Indonesia ) , Peru and South America , Ethiopia and other African countries .
I would also like to live in Paris for several months .
– My love for traveling comes from a desire to experience cultures that are vastly diverse from my own .
Some places on my list are : Mongolia , Arabic China , Bali ( Indonesia ) , Peru and South America , Ethiopia and other African countries .
I would also like to live in Paris for several months .
Writing – I will continue to share life lessons I ’ve gained , and write about issues that we all experience as humans .
My central theme will remain the same : Personal Happiness , Fulfillment , Clarity and Wellbeing .
– I will continue to share life lessons I ’ve gained , and write about issues that we all experience as humans .
My central theme will remain the same : Personal Happiness , Fulfillment , Clarity and Wellbeing .
Personal Blog – Think Simple
Now posts have always been in the format of in - depth articles on personal development .
As such , I do n’t consider it a blog , but rather a free web publication on personal wellbeing .
I ’ve been toying with the idea of starting a more personal blog called Simply Tina , where I ’ll be posting much more liberally and casually .
The topics will consist of a larger range of subjects : updates of my progress in this new lifestyle , traveling , business lessons , blogging , passive income , the 4 hour workweek lifestyle , startups , empowering mindsets , and useful resources .
( Coming Soon. Subscribe today . )
Q : Holy crap , you quit your job ?
Tell me more .
How are you paying for your expenses ?
A : Two years ago , I had set a clear date for when I ’d be leaving my job to pursue my passions fulltime .
At that time , I only had a small amount of passive income from investments that paid for small bills .
So my plan was to save enough money so that I could quit my job to freely pursue my passions fulltime for two years .
I believed ( and still believe ) that when we are doing that which we are completely passionate about , money will come .
The plan was to explore my passions freely , living on my savings .
I was confident that before the end of year two , I would be generating income doing what I love , without needing to get a job .
This transition was a difficult one , and was really , really scary initially knowing that I would lose my safety blanket : stable job , regular income , and benefits .
But once I got over that initial scare , I realized that I was trapped by social conditioning and social pressure that I needed to get a job .
The fear eventually passed with time when I focused on what I wanted : to be location independent and have complete control of my time .
Currently , I have several sources of passive income , but most of my income comes from advertisers , sponsors , and affiliates from ThinkSimpleNow.com .
Advertising is the only way I can make the content available for free .
If you find the ads annoying , you can use a RSS reader .
I do appreciate your understanding and support regarding the ads .
While I am making income through ads , it is not a lot of money , enough to pay for basic necessities .
If you ’re interested in helping me out , here are several outlets :
Feedback and Suggestions – Drop me an email with topics you ’re interested in hearing more on , or let me know what I ’ve done right .
I ’ll also appreciate constructive criticism .
Drop me an email with topics you ’re interested in hearing more on , or let me know what I ’ve done right .
I ’ll also appreciate constructive criticism .
Subscribe to RSS –
If you have n’t already please subscribe to my RSS feed , or subscribe via email .
( What are RSS Feeds ? )
The subscriber count is a huge motivator for me .
Thank you !
If you have n’t already please subscribe to my RSS feed , or subscribe via email .
( What are RSS Feeds ? )
The subscriber count is a huge motivator for me .
Thank you !
Donations –
If you ’ve found the content useful , you can send donations via paypal .
I eat a large number of avocados every week , and these donations go towards buying more avocados on my next grocery run .
When I eat those avocados , I ’ll be thinking happy thoughts about the donator .
If you ’ve found the content useful , you can send donations via paypal .
I eat a large number of avocados every week , and these donations go towards buying more avocados on my next grocery run .
When I eat those avocados , I ’ll be thinking happy thoughts about the donator .
Tell Your Friends –
The best gift you can give me is by helping me spread the word about Think Simple Now .
Thank you in advance for doing this . :)
The best gift you can give me is by helping me spread the word about Think Simple Now .
Thank you in advance for doing this . :)
Amazon Shopping – I get a small commission from Amazon ( about 3 % ) if you click through one of my affiliate links and end up buying something on the site .
This does not cost anything for you , but will make a big difference for me .
When you need to make an online purchase from Amazon , I would really appreciate it if you can click through to Amazon via Think Simple Now ( Clicking any of the books along the sidebar will do ) .
If you do n’t want to do this , no sweat !
Steps for How I Did It
I ’ve learned many lessons along the way prior to leaving my job .
Here are some major points and steps that have contributed towards where I am today .
I hope they can be helpful to you .
Photo by Mike BG
1. Clear Vision of Result
Many of us do n’t get the results we want , because we do n’t know what it is we actually want .
Not knowing what we want is like jumping on a random train , blind - folded .
It might take us to a city we ’ll enjoy , but it might not .
It is completely random and we have no control over where the train goes .
Alternatively , many of us talk about wanting to be rich .
But we do n’t know what “ rich ” means , or understand why we want it , or map out a plan towards obtaining it .
This pattern is equivalent to a person in London wanting to be in New York , but hops on a random train in Europe , blind - folded .
The ‘ wanting ’ alone will not get us there .
To get what we want , we need to first have a clear vision of what that thing is .
The vision needs to be defined using measurable attributes , along with dates for when you will get there .
Once you have a clear measurable goal for what you want and when you want it , you can start to work backwards and map out a plan .
As the saying goes , “ What gets measured , gets managed . ”
In our analogy , say we are living in London but want to be in New York by December 15th , 2008 .
We have 4 months to get a travel visa , buy a flight ticket to NYC , look for an apartment or hotel in NYC , take time off work , pack our bags , and ask friends to take us to the airport .
Before the end of next week , our plan is to have researched flights and have one purchased .
2. Understanding Why
Let ’s say that you too wanted to quit your job and have complete freedom of time , what will you do with the extra time ?
If you do n’t know , you ’ll be better off staying at your job , since you ’ll likely be bored and will start looking for a job soon .
Make sure you understand the drive behind the vision .
List out all the reasons why you want to fulfill your vision .
How will achieving that contribute towards your life ?
How can you use that new found freedom to help others ?
3. Write It Down and Date It
I prefer to write down my goals along with a date for when it will happen .
Writing it down forces you to clearly articulate the thing you want .
Writing down your goals also helps by clearing them out of your mind and onto paper .
It feels just that much more real and doable once it ’s in ink and down on paper .
4. Plan
If the steps toward achieving your goals are n’t clear , start listing out ideas for potential roads that can take you there .
Treat each potential road as a separate project , and work on one project at a time .
Pick the project that feels the best for you and your interests .
With each project , list out the major steps you need to achieve in order to reach your goal .
These steps are large milestones that are measurable .
Make sure you set a target date for when each step will be completed .
For each step , break it down further into actionable tasks that can be completed in a few hours .
Set a target date for each task .
Adjust the target date for completing the step , if necessary .
5. Take Action
Once you set a goal , wrote it down , and planned it out , take one action immediately .
Regardless of how small that action is , you are one step closer to your goal , and in doing so , it will start the momentum you need to follow through .
Let ’s say that your goal is to run a website offering information on gardening that makes you $ 200 a month in advertising revenue .
The first small step you can take immediate action on is to brainstorm for a domain name , or call a friend who knows about running websites to give you advice , or outlining content ideas , or researching demand by checking out existing gardening websites .
Make a commitment to yourself to take action every week , following the action items from your plan .
6. Adjust
Do n’t be afraid of failure , if something is n’t working , so what !
Just keep adjusting until something does work .
Be bold and courageous , try different things .
What ’s the worst that can happen ?
If it does n’t work out , you ’ve eliminated another way that something does not work and you now have a higher chance at finding something that does work .
Plus you ’ve learned a ton along the way .
7. Emergency Fund
If you ’re thinking about quitting your job at some point in the future , make sure that you are building an emergency fund now .
Heck , you should be doing that anyway even if you ’re planning to stay at your job .
If your goal is to quit your job to work on your own thing , make sure you map out exactly what your monthly costs are .
This way you ’ll know how much money you ’ll need monthly .
This also helps when building your emergency fund – how much savings you ’ll need and how many month you ’ll have before burning out your reserves .
8. Mentors & Models
You can jump into a new field and eventually reach your goals by trial - and - error , or by modeling after a person who is already achieving the kinds of results you want .
This person is a mentor .
Modeling means to do things that your mentor is doing , and taking the steps that he or she took .
Most often than not , you ’ll get further following a working formula that ’s already proven to work for your mentor .
A mentor could be someone who you interact with in a mentor - mentee relationship , someone you do n’t know or someone you casually interact with .
Remember , having a mentor does not mean you need a one - on - one formal relationship with them , in fact , many potential mentors are busy people , so do n’t waste too much of their time .
Be smart when contacting them .
Ask clear , short , conscious questions that are quick to answer , and do n’t ask too many questions .
There ’s nothing that will turn off a potential mentor more than sending them an essay of an email .
If you ’re a blogger , do n’t send them emails asking what they thought of your latest post .
Be considerate and respective of their time .
Become an excellent observer , and observe what works and what does n’t .
Parting Words
My purpose for this article is n’t to advocate that you should quit your job .
This article was written for anyone with a dream that may have somehow pushed it behind the back - curtains on the stage of life .
My message here is that achieving your dream is possible if you want it bad enough and are willing to take action for it .
Regardless of what our dreams are or what our current life story consists of , we have the choice to live deliberately , consciously and purposefully .
Keep learning , for it will give you personal growth .
Keep serving others , for it will give you compassion and a sense of connectedness with others .
Together , growth and contribution hold the keys to lasting happiness and riches far beyond what money can buy .
Find your passion , and then look for ways to use your passion to provide massive value for others .
Try different things until you find your passion .
When you find it , you will know , for you will feel it in your heart .
It ’ll be like breathing .
Never give up .
“ Forget about the fast lane .
If you want to fly , just harness your power to your passion .
Honor your calling .
Everybody has one .
Trust your heart and success will come to you . ” ~ Oprah
What is it that you want ?
What first step can you take ?
When will you take it ?
Share your dreams , goals , or thoughts with us in the comment section .
See you there .
