Precisely modelled on troops fighting in Helmand province today , each Service is represented .
The Army 's soldier comes complete with SA80 rifle , body armour and Mark 4 Alpha helmet .
His hardy glare has to compete on the shelves alongside the steely gaze of the Royal Marine looking studiedly stoic in his green beret .
The RAF , who deploy their Tornado bombers to the frontline in Afghanistan this year , have a pilot in full flight gear with a pistol in case he had to eject over enemy lines .
When it comes to Johnny Depp , he always seems to be in the news .
The guy is constantly threatening paparazzi , [… ]
Gov. Schwarzenegger is n't waiting to press the Obama administration on one of California 's top priorities -- regulating greenhouse gas emissions from automobiles .
The Republican governor sent a letter today to the new president asking him to give California and other states permission to implement tough tailpipe - emission standards .
Schwarzenegger says Obama 's support would help move America toward global leadership on addressing climate change .
" For four years , California and a growing number of farsighted states have sought to enforce a common - sense policy to reduce global - warming pollution from passenger vehicles , which are the source of 20 percent of our nation ’s greenhouse gas emissions , " Schwarzenegger said .
" Regulation will not only reduce these emissions , but will also save drivers money and reduce our nation ’s dependence on imported oil . "
If granted , the decision would reverse a 2007 conclusion by the Bush administration .
" Your administration has a unique opportunity to both support the pioneering leadership of these states and move America toward global leadership on addressing climate change , " Schwarzenegger said .
" I ask that you direct the U.S. EPA to act promptly and favorably on California ’s reconsideration request so that we may continue the critical work of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions and their impact on global climate change . "
It said states do not have authority to impose greenhouse gas standards for new cars , pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles .
The Bush administration argued that such goals can be met only by regulating fuel - efficiency standards , something that falls under the authority of the federal government .
Author , designer and comic collector Chip Kidd has crafted one of the coolest careers in the world .
As associate art director at publishing house Alfred A. Knopf , Kidd designs book covers for authors both big and indie ; as a writer , he worked with Dave Gibbons and Mike Essl to create the amazing Watching the Watchmen art book that documents the creation of the groundbreaking Watchmen comics .
For his own recently released brain - candy compilation , Bat - Manga !
The Secret History of Batman in Japan , the 44 - year - old comic - book historian delved into the Dark Knight 's long - lost Asian adventures of the '60s at the hands of manga artist Jiro Kuwata .
A loving exploration of a little - known cul - de-sac on the edge of the Batman universe , Bat - Manga became one of the coolest comics - related books of 2008 .
If that 's not enough rock - star comic cred , Kidd 's even got his own band , Artbreak , with an in - the - works debut recording called Wonderground that 's aptly described by Kidd and his bandmate Mars Trillion as " Bowie crashing The Cars into Joy Division going 300 mph at 4 a.m. on Abbey Road . "
Wired.com caught up with Kidd for a quick e-mail chat about Bat - Manga , The Dark Knight , Watchmen and why Kuwata 's Japanese - style Dynamic Duo is just too good to be true .
Wired.com : How did Bat - Manga come about ?
How familiar were you with Jiro Kuwata 's work before the project ?
Chip Kidd : I was actually exposed to Kuwata 's work as a child , because our local Philadelphia cable affiliate used to show all the great Japanese import kids shows , which definitely included the 8 Man cartoons in addition to Astroboy , Marine Boy , Ultraman , Johnny Socko and Goldar .
I love all that stuff , and this book is obviously a testament to that .
I just could n't have imagined at the time that Batman could have part of that milieu too .
It would have just seemed too good to be true .
Wired.com :
Why was Kuwata 's Batman shelved in the '60s ?
Kidd : I do n't know for sure , but I would guess the stories were shut down because they did n't provide a lasting fascination for their audience .
The TV show itself did n't either , when you think about it .
Wired.com : Did it have anything to do with Kuwata 's history of depression ?
Kidd : I 've only read bits and pieces about that , and could n't reputably comment on it .
At 72 , he seems to be doing alright , although I would imagine that many years of smoking have taken their toll .
Wired.com : Kuwata crafted one of the first cyborg heroes in 8 Man , and now Batman has become a cyborg himself , striking out from a body - armored batsuit that is nearly sentient .
Does this book reinsert a missing chapter of Batman 's East - West bleed ?
Kidd : Most definitely .
I think this book actually , finally , shows how that ball got rolling .
It 's just that this particular ball also disappeared very , very quickly .
Wired.com :
Were you surprised by the amount of material you uncovered ?
Kidd : I was amazed at how much material there was .
I went into this project frankly worried that there would n't be enough for a substantial book , and came out of it begging Pantheon for an extra 32 pages , which was over what we had budgeted , just to do it all justice .
The fact is that
Bat -Manga is 352 pages and represents less than half of what Kuwata produced , in one year .
I do n't know how many assistants he had , but regardless , that is an unbelievable output .
Even so , in the grand scheme of things , Kuwata 's Batman work is considered but a blip in his career , which spanned something like 50 - plus years .
Wired.com : Some pages of the comics you spotlight are aged and yellowed .
Was there a specific plan to avoid digital retouching , to keep time 's passage part of the lore ?
Kidd : I wanted , as with my Peanuts book , to replicate the experience of actually paging through these copies of the comics as closely as possible .
I replaced the dialogue with English and that was it .
Any other approach would have been dishonest .
Wired.com : Speaking of major material , you 're a collector .
Tell us about your killer apartment .
What are some of your prized possessions ?
Kidd : God , that 's a loaded question !
I 'd have to say that the things that mean the most to me are the examples of original comic art that I 'm able to look at every day , most of them either by notable friends and / or for projects that I 've worked on .
Wired.com :
Any thoughts on the blockbuster commodification of Batman these days ?
Has that franchise been turned around , or does it not matter ?
Kidd :
The Batman film franchise has obviously been turned around , quite capably , and it certainly does matter , at least to Warner Bros .!
I do think they 've found themselves painted into a corner , both by their own ambition and tragic circumstance .
But I join the rest of global geekdom in eagerly awaiting to see how they 're going to top The Dark Knight .
Wired.com :
Are you similarly geeking over the Watchmen film ?
Kidd : I think the Watchmen film will be great .
But by all accounts , if you 're familiar with the book there wo n't be many surprises , other than seeing your favorite scenes brought to life .
Wired.com :
On to music .
What 's up with Artbreak ?
Any future projects planned after Wonderground ?
Kidd :
Hey , thanks for asking .
We are on sort of a hiatus , while we struggle to self - produce , mix and master the first album .
It 's frustrating , because we 're very much stymied by distance and day jobs .
But we have enough material for the next album and we do n't even have the first one done yet .
Stay tuned !
* Photos from * Bat - Manga courtesy Pantheon
See also :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least three rockets have been fired into northern Israel from Lebanon , raising fears the Israeli offensive against militants in Gaza may spread .
Israel replied with artillery , but called the attack an " isolated event " .
The incident followed Israel 's heaviest bombardment so far on Gaza , with 60 air strikes targeting Hamas facilities .
Efforts have continued to broker a ceasefire , as a senior Israeli official travelled to Cairo to hear details of a plan put forward by Egypt and France .
A Hamas delegation is expected in the Egyptian capital at some stage for parallel " technical " talks , Egyptian diplomats said .
GAZA CRISIS BACKGROUND
Profile : Gaza Strip Who are Hamas ?
In pictures : Tunnel smugglers Middle East conflict : History in maps Meanwhile , Israel has begun a three - hour pause in fighting to allow humanitarian aid into Gaza .
The first of what is promised to be a daily ceasefire - on Wednesday - allowed aid agencies into the territory for the first time in days .
The International Committee of the Red Cross accused Israel of failing in its international obligations after its staff were met with " shocking " scenes .
One medical team found 12 bodies in a shelled house , and alongside them four very young children , too weak to stand , waiting by their dead mothers , the ICRC said .
Nursing home
At least three Katyusha rockets were fired from southern Lebanon into the northern Israeli area of Nahariya early on Thursday .
One of the rockets hit a nursing home were some 25 elderly residents were eating breakfast in a nearby dining hall , the Jerusalem Post reports .
At least two people were slightly wounded and a number of others were suffering from shock , Israeli officials said .
Language of Hamas Gaza offensive - in maps Points of view on Gaza
In pictures : Conflict continues Israel immediately responded with five artillery shells into Lebanon , calling it a " pinpoint response at the source of fire " .
Correspondents say this is a dangerous moment in the current conflict .
The rocket attacks from Lebanon have raised concerns about a wider war in the region , says the BBC's Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen .
But the Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora was swift to condemn the attack , and called for the army and the UN to investigate .
Information Minister Tarek Mitri told the AFP news agency he had been " assured " by the militant group Hezbollah they were not involved in the rocket attacks .
Israeli cabinet minister Raif Eitan said he believed Palestinians in Lebanon , not Hezbollah , were behind the attack .
On Wednesday , Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah spoke openly about the possibility of a renewed conflict with Israel , saying its fighters were on high alert along the Lebanese - Israeli border .
Northern Israel came under attack from rockets fired by Hezbollah during the brief war with Lebanon in the summer of 2006 .
Air attacks
In Gaza , Israel continued its offensive overnight with 60 airstrikes targeting police sites , 10 Hamas tunnels , weapons storage facilities , launching pads " and a number of armed gunmen " , the Israeli army said .
Naval and artillery units " continued to support the ground forces " with one soldier lightly wounded , the army added .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The bombardment followed a three - hour pause in fighting on Wednesday to allow vital humanitarian aid into Gaza .
Aid agencies report that Gazans rushed into the streets to buy essential supplies and visit relatives in hospital during the lull .
But the traditionally neutral ICRC accused Israel of failing to honour its obligations under international law to treat and evacuate the wounded in Gaza .
It said the Israeli military was in the neighbourhood and must have been aware of the incident involving the four starving children but did nothing to help .
" Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestinian Red Crescent to assist the wounded , " the ICRC's Pierre Wettach said .
About 700 Palestinian and 11 Israeli lives are said to have been lost since the offensive began 12 days ago .
Casualty claims in Gaza have been difficult to independently verify .
While the BBC has had Palestinian producers reporting from Gaza , Israel only allowed Western TV crews to enter on Wednesday , embedded with its army .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What may work even better than a can is a metal clothes hanger that has been flattened with a hammer .
Make it just flat enough so it can fit into the lock and only flatten half an inch ( 2.5 cm ) of the tip .
First pull down on the lock and put the shim in on the right side of the shackle on the inside .
Then push the lock up while jiggling the shim and push down again on the lock .
Repeat pulling the lock down and up with pressure on the shim until the lock pops open .
andwill star in indie feature “ . ” Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow were Depression - era lovers and outlaws whose exploits captured the public ’s imagination .
Variety reports thatwill direct the film from her own script ; the film will not be a remake of the 1967andclassic .
The makers are stressing that the new film is not a remake and are promising to showcase times in the couple ’s lives not seen onscreen before .
Holly first became interested in the story of the fugitive lovers after finding old newspaper articles about their exploits in an abandoned house on her family ’s property .
Duff , whose most recent feature role was “ War Inc. , ” has decided to address the situation by signing on to star as Bonnie Parker .
Kevin Zegers , best known for brief appearances in the likes of “ Dawn Of The Dead ” and “ Wrong Turn , ” will play Clyde.andhave also signed onto the movie “ The Story of Bonnie and Clyde ” will be shot in the South , with filming to take place in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama , although a production date has not been announced .
A space of one 's own
By Irene Klotz
Houston , Texas
Velcro means those family snaps can stick to the wall
Enlarge Image
When European astronaut Frank De Winne reaches the International Space Station next year , he can look forward to something rarely afforded to travellers in space - a bit of privacy .
To prepare for a permanent six - member crew , Nasa is flying four private boudoirs to the orbital outpost .
Two were delivered this week aboard the space shuttle Endeavour and were installed in the station 's Harmony node .
Two more are due to arrive in 2009 and early 2010 .
When he becomes Europe 's first commander of the orbiting platform , De Winne will be able to enjoy a place of his own .
" Having a place of privacy where at the end of a long day you can get away and relax , have private medical conferences and private conversations with your family is very important , very important for long - term astronaut performance , " said James Broyan , the Nasa manager in charge of the new crew quarters .
This is a luxury hotel compared to what we 've had so far
James Broyan , Nasa
The pods are small - about the size of a commercial jet 's bathroom - but well designed .
Broyan showed me the two rooms being prepared for flight at a manufacturing plant at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
Nasa designed and built the four rooms itself , at a cost of about $ 30.9 m .
The station will soon be occupied by crews of six
Even with the door open , the chamber is noticeably quieter inside , the result of padded walls , insulation and a ventilation system that steers air around the module rather than directly blowing into it .
Broyan said the goal was to cut ambient noise levels from about 60 to 43 decibels .
The soundproofing works both ways .
Step inside the high - fidelity mock - up , close the door and no - one can hear you scream .
The station already has two tiny cabins in the Russian - made service module , but they have none of the amenities of the new rooms , including protection from solar radiation , electrical outlets for laptops and connections to the station 's audio systems .
Everyone appreciates a window ... especially on the ISS The rooms ' outer walls are each filled with 250lbs of insulating polyethylene to protect astronauts during solar flares and damaging ultraviolet radiation .
With four pods arranged in a circle , the Harmony node becomes one of the station 's safe havens .
About the only thing missing is a window , but Broyan feels that 's a small sacrifice for better radiation protection .
Windows allow more of the dangerous rays to enter the station .
There are hooks on one wall to hang a sleeping bag and a spot on the opposite wall for a fold - down table and foot restraints so astronauts can use a laptop computer .
ISS residents will be able to decorate a bit .
The rooms ' white , quilted walls include strips of Velcro to attach pictures and personal items .
The overhead fluorescent light has an adjustable shade .
" This is a luxury hotel compared to what we 've had so far , " Broyan said .
There are no locks on the small bi-fold doors , but engineers left a piece of Velcro on the outside wall so astronauts can name their rooms .
Broyan tactfully sidesteps a question about having guests over .
" Thermally , they 're designed for one , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dummer — Like Nothing Else
This project might give you the impression that I do n't like Hummers .
You'd be right .
update
The Maurauder .
Over 25,000 lb — five times what an H3 weighs .
Enough said .
Dummer - Like Nothing Else
Hummers are a cultural equivalent of a toxic warning label and have the same effect on me as bug spray on mosquitoes .
I am not the first one to satirize this automotive aberration , so there 's some hope .
GM 's advertisement images require no modification for the satire , which makes it all that much better .
I could have just as well used the Lincoln Navigator or Cadillac Escalade , but they do n't embody the superlative like the Hummer .
The Hummer brand proved itself to be aesthetically , rationally and economically unsustainable and collapsed after a failed attempt to sell it to China .
There continues to be a robust market for used Hummers .
Let the farce continue .
I 'm hated
It delights me that this project produced my first hate mail .
Only a Canadian and a liberal professor , would set up a website as ludicrous as Dummer.com .
Extremely Dumb !
If you are going to make fun of a Hummer , what about a Dodge powerwagon that obtains less miles per gallon ?
Many other vehicles on the road with worse mileage .
But , I guess your location , and your profession tells it all .
Have a great day in BC ...
Doug
I want to meet Doug and give him a hug for adding another dimension to this project .
I 'm loved
The images got picked up by the New York Times laughlines blog , which drew a couple of fan mails .
Excellent work .
One of the best ad parodies I 've seen .
Gil
I do n't normally write people to tell them I think their web work is good / bad , but I had to write and just say I think these are fucking brilliant .
Should probably look into getting them made into billboards .
Dave
But neither made me feel as good as Doug 's email .
Dummer Images
Memory has long been described as a function of brain cells getting together and forming connections .
A new study finds single cells can remember things .
Individual nerve cells ( called neurons ) in the front part of the brain can hold traces of memories by themselves for up to a minute , perhaps longer .
The fleeting memories , which the researchers found in mice brains , are held in the most highly evolved part of the brain in a manner akin to the nonpermanent working memory of a computer .
" It 's more like RAM [ random access memory ] on a computer than memory stored on a disk , " said Don Cooper , assistant professor of psychiatry at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center .
" The memory on the disk is more permanent and you can go back and access the same information repeatedly .
RAM memory is rewritable temporary storage that allows multitasking . "
Mice brains are thought to function much like human brains , so the finding could help scientists better understand how our brains store rapidly changing information .
Cooper likened the temporary one - cell memory storage to the sort of thing a card shark does when counting cards in a game of Black Jack .
As casinos know , this is the memory that is most sensitive to the disruptive effects of alcohol and noisy distractions , Cooper points out .
Hence , perhaps , the free drinks casinos offer up .
The discovery , detailed in the February issue of the journal Nature Neuroscience , could also lead to improved understanding of addictions , attention disorders and stress - related memory loss .
About the study
Researchers have known that permanent memories are stored when nerve cells in the brain reorganize and connections with one another are strengthened .
" But this process takes minutes to hours to turn on and off and is too slow to buffer , or temporarily hold , rapidly incoming information , " according to a statement today from the university .
As an example , studies find naps improve memory .
The new study found rapid - fire inputs less than a second long initiate a cellular memory process in single cells lasting as long as minute , a process called metabotropic glutamate transmission .
The researchers identified in mice a specific metabotropic glutamate receptor called mGluR5 that , when turned on , starts a signaling cascade using calcium to hold a memory trace .
This fast , short - term memory process happens inside individual cells ; with long - term memory , additional proteins cause slow reorganization between cells in a network to establish a permanent memory .
Researchers examined brain cells from mice using nanoscale electrodes to measure the memory formation process .
To further understand how this short - term memory process relates to addiction , researchers applied the neurochemical dopamine to the memory buffer nerve cells .
Dopamine is normally needed at an optimal level for an individual to focus attention and engage in fast decision - making memory , but drugs of abuse overload the brain with a surge of dopamine .
In the study , researchers found that an experimental drug that activates a specific type of dopamine receptor " focused " the nerve cells , making the memory trace less susceptible to distraction .
When researchers employed an animal model of drug addiction using cocaine , they also found that repeated exposure to addictive levels of cocaine reduced memory trace activation in the memory buffer cells .
When researchers then activated dopamine signaling in the " addicted " animals , essentially adding more dopamine to their systems , no focusing effect was observed .
" This makes sense because we know from human and animal models of addiction , when a decision using working memory has to be made , brain imaging shows a deficit in the same area of the brain we looked at , " Dr. Cooper said .
" It all fits together . "
Real - world application
Next , Cooper 's team aims to develop drugs and genetic tools to manipulate and perhaps expand memory capacity and allow people prone to addiction to make smarter decisions .
" If we can identify and manipulate the molecular components of memory , we can develop drugs that boost the ability to maintain this memory trace to hopefully allow a person to complete tasks without being distracted , " Cooper said .
" For the person addicted to drugs , we could strengthen this part of the brain involved with decision - making , allowing them to ignore impulses and weigh negative consequences of their behavior before they abuse drugs . "
The study was funded by several organizations : the National Institute on Drug Abuse ; National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression ; the Alexander S. Onassis Public Benefit Foundation ; and the Department of Veterans Affairs .
An aide to Obama said Friday that the administration plans to add 20 gigawatts ( GW ) or more of wind power and 4 GW of geothermal and solar power by 2012 through loan guarantees and fast tracked national renewable energy requirements , like the Renewable Portfolio Standard .
Last May the U.S. Energy Department estimated wind power could provide almost a quarter of U.S. electricity .
Trade groups from the U.S. wind and solar industries were happy with the news , considering that the current economic environment for commercial credit has lowered all boats as it were , with all investment now endangered – not just investment in risky financial instruments , but even those investments in renewable energy that are essential to growing a stable economy .
>> See Also : Obama Stimulus Package May Include $ 25B in Energy Tax Credits
[ social_buttons ]
No other country , in any single year , has added the volume of wind capacity that was added to the US electrical grid in 2007 with both wind and solar growing well over 40 % , but with the credit crunch affecting all sectors of the economy , new projects could drop by as much as 50 % , without help from the Federal government .
In response to the news , renewable energy shares soared following the announcement , with the rally continuing into Friday .
The move was an about - face for many of those stocks , which have been battered by a string of recent earnings warnings from solar companies including Germany ’s Q - Cells , U.S. - based MEMC Electronic Materials Inc , and China ’s LDK Solar Co Ltd ; .
Renewable Portfolio Standards require utilities to buy a certain amount of renewable energy .
Most energy policy analysts consider the RPS to be “ one of the most important drivers of renewable energy deployment in the U.S. , ” says Ryan Wiser , of Berkeley Lab ’s Environmental Energy Technologies Division .
Currently 30 of the 51 states are beginning to implement Renewable Portfolio Standards in the absence of Federal climate action , and the further along they are , the more renewable energy is bought in those states to meet the requirements .
Early RPS adopters like California , now make as much as 14 % of their electricity from renewable energy .
With no RPS requirement ; by contrast – the typical non RPS state like Oklahoma or Wyoming makes less than 1 % from renewable energy , dragging down the national average .
From Thompson Reuters Carbon Markets
Image under creative commons license from Flikr user zawtower
University of Utah researchers have developed an automobile ignition key that prevents teenagers from talking on cell phones or sending text messages while driving .
The university has obtained provisional patents and licensed the invention – Key2SafeDriving – to a private company that hopes to see it on the market within six months at a cost of less than $ 50 per key plus a yet - undetermined monthly service fee .
" The key to safe driving is to avoid distraction , " says Xuesong Zhou , an assistant professor of civil and environmental engineering who co-invented the system with Wally Curry , a University of Utah graduate now practicing medicine in Hays , Kan .
" We want to provide a simple , cost - effective solution to improve driving safety . "
Zhou notes that " at any given time , about 6 percent of travelers on the road are talking on a cell phone while driving .
Also at any given time , 10 percent of teenagers who are driving are talking or texting . "
Studies have shown drivers using cell phones are about four times more likely to get in a crash than other drivers .
" As a parent , you want to improve driving safety for your teenagers , " he says .
" You also want to reduce your insurance costs for your teen drivers .
Using our system you can prove that teen drivers are not talking while driving , which can significantly reduce the risk of getting into a car accident . "
If things go as planned , the Key2SafeDriving system wo n’t be sold directly to consumers by a manufacturer , but instead the technology may be licensed to cell phone service providers to include in their service plans , says Ronn Hartman , managing partner of Accendo LC .
The Kaysville , Utah , company provides early stage business consulting and " seed funding . "
It has licensed the Key2SafeDriving technology from the University of Utah and is working to manufacture and commercialize it .
advertisement
Hartman envisions gaining automobile and insurance industry backing so that Key2SafeDriving data on cell phone use ( or non-use ) while driving can be compiled into a “ safety score ” and sent monthly to insurance companies , which then would provide discounts to motorists with good scores .
The score also could include data recorded via Global Positioning System ( GPS ) satellites on the driver ’s speeding , rapid braking or running of lights , which are calculated by comparing the driver ’s position with a database of maps , speed limits , stop lights and so on .
How Key2SafeDriving
Works
The system includes a device that encloses a car key – one for each teen driver or family member .
The device connects wirelessly with each key user ’s cell phone via either Bluetooth or RFID ( radio - frequency identification ) technologies .
To turn on the engine , the driver must either slide the key out or push a button to release it .
Then the device sends a signal to the driver ’s cell phone , placing it in " driving mode " and displaying a " stop " sign on the phone 's display screen .
While in driving mode , teen drivers cannot use their cell phones to talk or send text messages , except for calling 911 or other numbers pre-approved by the parents – most likely the parents ' own cell numbers .
advertisement
Incoming calls and texts are automatically answered with a message saying , " I am driving now .
I will call you later when I arrive at the destination safely . "
When the engine is turned off , the driver slides the key back into the device , which sends a " car stopped " signal to the cell phone , returning it to normal communication mode .
The device can't be " tricked " by turning the phone off and on again because the phone will receive the " driving mode " signal whenever the car key is extended .
Adult drivers cannot text or use a handheld cell phone , but the Key2SafeDriving system does allow them to talk using a hands - free cell phone – even though studies by University of Utah psychologists indicate hands - free phones are just as distracting as handheld phones .
Curry agrees that driving while talking on any cell phone " is not safe , " but he says the inventors have to face the practical issue of whether adults would buy a product to completely block their cell phone use while driving .
Limiting some cell calls by adults " is a step in the right direction , " he says .
Zhou says the goal for adults is to improve safety by encouraging them to reduce the time they spend talking while driving .
The encouragement could come in the form of insurance discounts by insurers , who would receive monthly scores from Key2SafeDriving showing how well an adult driver avoided talking while driving .
An Invention is Born
The new invention began with Curry , a Salt Lake City native who graduated from the University of Utah with an accounting degree and premedical training in 1993 .
He returned from the Medical College of Wisconsin for his surgical residency in urology at University Hospital during 1998 - 2003 .
He now is a urologist in Hays , Kan .
His concern with driving - while - talking began because , as a doctor , " the hospital is calling me all the time on my cell phone when I ’m driving . "
One day while driving home , he saw a teenage girl texting while driving , making him worry about his 12 - and 14 - year - old daughters , who are approaching driving age .
" I thought , this is crazy , there has got to be something to stop this , because not only is she putting people at risk , but so was I , " Curry says .
" It struck me pretty hard that something should be done . "
Curry 's initial idea was a GPS system to detect a moving cell phone and disable it when it moved at driving speeds .
Meanwhile , someone else developed a similar system based on the same idea .
But it cannot distinguish if the cell phone user is driving a car or is a passenger in a moving car , bus or train – a problem overcome by Key2SafeDriving .
In early 2008 , Curry called Larry Reaveley , a civil engineering professor at the University of Utah , who suggested Curry contact Zhou , a specialist in " intelligent " transportation systems .
Zhou and Curry then came up with the idea of blocking cell phone usage via a vehicle ignition key .
Embed this video to your site / blog / myspace
With more than 500 years of history the State Opening is the most colourful and ceremonial occasion in the parliamentary year .
The Queen 's Speech marks the start of a new session at Westminster , but what is the political significance of all that pomp and ceremony ?
Ben Wright was given exclusive access throughout the Houses of Parliament to explain what it means .
( First broadcast Nov 2008 )
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) --
The U.S. government on Friday announced it was injecting $ 20 billion into Bank of America and guaranteeing losses on over $ 400 billion of assets both the Charlotte , N.C. lender and Citigroup .
In a statement released Friday , the Treasury Department and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation said they will invest $ 20 billion in Bank of America BAC , - 1.32 % from the Troubled Assets Relief Program in exchange for preferred stock paying an 8 % dividend .
The news lifted Bank of America shares in pre-open trading , as investors welcomed clarity on an issue whose uncertainty had sparked high volatility and big losses in the company 's shares .
In fact , Bank of America moved up its fourth quarter earnings release and its unveiling of the government plan by a few days in response to the market action .
Also Friday , Bank of America BAC , - 1.32 % said it swung to a fourth - quarter loss of $ 1.79 billion , or 48 cents a share , on escalating credit costs , including additions to reserves , and significant writedowns and trading losses in the capital markets businesses .
See full story .
Bank of America shares traded up 5.5 % , to $ 8.79 in pre-open trading .
However , even as the shares rose , Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis expressed continuing concern about the business bad economic environments .
Lewis told investors during a conference call to discuss the results that he expected the U.S. economy to show " some potential signs of stabilization during the second half of " 2009 .
Those comments amount to a shift in economic forecasting for Lewis , who had long maintained , until Friday , that the economy would start to recover around the middle of 2009 .
See full story
The government also will provide Bank of America protection against the possibility of unusually large losses on an asset pool of approximately $ 118 billion of loans , securities backed by residential and commercial real estate loans and other such assets , which have been marked to current value .
Bank of America will absorb the first $ 10 billion of losses while the government will share losses from there , up to $ 10 billion .
If that pool of assets sees losses of over $ 20 billion , then the government will absorb hits on 90 % of them .
A similar guarantee was provided to Citigroup : Uncle Sam is on the hook for $ 301 billion of assets , with Citi C , - 2.12 % taking the first $ 39.5 billion of hits , and then the government absorbing 90 % of the rest .
Citigroup said this finalized what was announced with the government on Nov. 23 .
The Federal Reserve also is ready to backstop " residual risk in the asset pool " if necessary .
The government relief comes as Bank of America stock skidded to a 17 - year low , following Thursday 's report in The Wall Street Journal that such a relief program was near .
Investors were unnerved by the additional losses at Merrill Lynch .
Both Bank of America and Citigroup C , - 2.12 % detailed billions of dollars during the fourth quarter , and that does n't even include the estimated $ 15 billion of losses from Merrill Lynch .
Separately , the FDIC said it 's going to extend its temporary liquidity guarantee program to up to 10 years , from a current three years .
" With these transactions , the U.S. government is taking the actions necessary to strengthen the financial system and protect U.S. taxpayers and the U.S. economy , " the government said .
I 'm sorry , America .
The time has come and we can't deny it .
All good things must have a finish and Mr. Bush , Our President , must ( by Law ) now step down from the post he has bravely held since 2002 .
Mr. President , I speak for all Americans when I say " Damn fine job , Sir . "
Damn fine job .
America is Proud of our President .
When I see you , Sir , my heart swells with so much pride that my chest gains 2 - 3 inches on its bulk and my pecs shape out nicely , which is Reason # 217 why I 'm glad you could lead us through trying times .
Sometimes , when I 'm deadlifting , I think of your Steadfast Leadership and I am inspired to push through 3 + more reps even though I 'm mega - pooped and coated in a thin sheen of sweat , ready to towel off and sprint bike back home to the Little Woman .
Every true American keeps a picture of you on the wall of > 50 % of rooms in their homes and also a large poster of you on the ceiling above their bed .
I know I do .
I Know I Do , Sir .
Things Bush Got Right
1. The War on Terror
We won .
Terror was a problem and Bush was n't afraid to roll up his sleeves and give terror a ticket to the gunshow , which is literal because we shot at them .
People all over the world are glad that Terror is gone and we can all easily breathe at last .
2. Hurricanes
Some people got upset just because he did n't land Air Force One in New Orleans .
If he had though , he would probably have landed on survivors because there was n't much dry land and what would these naysayers be naysaying if he had squashed a family with a jet ?
Mr. Bush made the Right Choice in that situation .
Advantage : GWB .
3 . The Environment
America is Number 1 in many important things like best football teams and place where the most people who are Tom Hanks live , and also not Number 1 in less important things like people cheating their way into hospitals for free just because they 're sick .
But if you can't give a manly Fist Pump about American being Number 1 in polluting then you do n't have the right constitution to Lead Men to Victory .
Bush had the right constitution to uphold our constitution and make statements to the world that constitute a Manifesto of Manliness .
4. Being Handsome
Our President is a very handsome man .
I 'm glad we had a man to lead our country in these dark times who also had comely features , and I 'm sure our boys overseas think about our president often , sexually .
I know I do .
5. No Child Left Behind
Seeing as it took almost 40 years for movies to learn how to talk , gaming has n’t exactly shuffled its feet .
It has n’t even been 40 years since Computer Space became the first commercial game , and what began as little more than dandruff on a black screen is already threatening photo- , audio - and physical realism .
So let ’s look closer at how times have changed , starting with the year that gave us Dana International , 1998 .
In 1998 , the future of Sonic was laid out by Sonic R , a Sega Saturn spin - off which traded tight design and pace for a single gimmick : 3D .
Not the isometric trickery of Mega Drive ’s Sonic 3D , either , but polygons , textures , and the sneaking suspicion that something was about to go terribly wrong .
Sure enough , after mixed success with Sonic Adventure , the purple blur became gaming ’s answer to Jar Jar Binks .
Scandalised by trash like Sonic Heroes and Sonic The Hedgehog on 360 , barely finding his feet in 2008 ’s Sonic Unleashed , he still makes a killing thanks to “ the kids ” .
Thanks a bunch , kids .
Remember Body Harvest , the alien invasion game for N64 ?
“ The freedom ! ” praised gamers at the time .
“ The vehicular mayhem !
The boundless manslaughter !
Whatever will they think of next ? ”
“ They ” , of course , were DMA Design , best known for Lemmings and soon to become Rockstar North .
What did they think of next ?
More freedom , more mayhem , more manslaughter , and the three most controversial words in gaming : Grand Theft Auto .
Ten years on and there are now ten Rockstar studios scattered around the globe , responsible for over 30 games .
And let ’s not forget Crackdown , made by DMA founder David Jones and his new company , Realtime Worlds .
In the beginning was the word .
And the word was “ Forever ” .
Promised “ no later than mid-1998 ” , the fourth Duke ( that it ’s now the fifth says it all ) was a white - hot prospect for the adult FPS , boasting unprecedented interactivity with its 3D universe .
A decade later and we ’re talking more brown - hot , the closest thing to a release being two – that ’s two - screenshots in 2008 , neither of which made buttocks tremble .
Not in the intended manner , at least .
It ’s as if someone at 3D Realms said , “ Make fun of us ?
We ’ll show ya !
We ’ll finish this game if it ’s the last thing we do .
Tell ‘em , guys !
Guys ..? ”
As far as technology goes , there ’s no better benchmark than the racing game , and none more sophisticated than a racing game by Codemasters .
In 1998 , the Warwickshire company was pulling away from its bedroom coder days into more complex simulation .
The visuals of every Colin McRae Rally and Race Driver game since have been greeted with the same breathless response : “ That almost looks like a photograph ! ”
Now , a decade on from the first CMR , it ’s the photographs struggling to keep up , along with the sounds and physics of real world racing .
Lost , however , are the real driver names and , tragically , Colin McRae himself .
Well , at least the number ’s still correct , even if the cast and roles have changed .
Sega was celebrating the magnificence of Dreamcast in 1998 ; now it ’s enjoying its freedom from the hardware race altogether .
Sony has gone from brand dominator to : “ You ’re not getting one of those , Timothy , it ’s too expensive and the games are all on that other one . ”
Nintendo has gone from kids and Mario to pensioners and Toilet Training DS ( trust us , it ’ll happen ) .
And a little - known company called Microsoft , better known in 1998 for Minesweeper than Halo , is now the hardcore king of the hill .
On the one hand , it ’s such obvious propaganda , such over - the - top and cartoonish evil , that denouncing it should be as unnecessary as denouncing smallpox .
On the other hand …it just makes you wanna puke , does n’t it ?
Yes , ABC will actually , shamelessly broadcast the first episode in its new " reality " series , " Homeland Security USA , " tonight .
Its website touts this hour ’s worth of indoctrination each week as " an unprecedented look at " the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and the " men and women " who " safeguard our country and enforce our laws . "
( Twice in three sentences , we learn that " women " are right up there with the guys in safeguarding and enforcing .
How endearing .
One appreciates equal - opportunity thuggery in a race to the bottom . )
" Every day , " ABC breathlessly continues , these goons " patrol more than 100,000 miles of America ’s borders .
This territory includes airports , seaports , land borders , international mail centers , the open seas , mountains , deserts and even cyberspace . "
I ’m sorta fuzzy on how Akron - Canton Airport in Ohio or the internet constitutes a " border , " but that insult to our intelligence is the least of the offenses here .
The DHS is a bureaucracy ’s bureaucracy : unwieldy , inflexible , absurd , gargantuan .
It makes work for roughly 210,000 leeches and will cost us $ 50.5 billion in 2009 — over $ 375 per taxpayer ( based on 134,362,678 income - tax returns filed in 2005 ) .
The monstrous George Bush established this behemoth in 2002 as " the most significant transformation of the U.S. government in over [ a ] half - century … ”
Finally : a bit of truth from this utterly mendacious White House .
Strangely , there was more truth when it came to naming the mess : " Homeland " conjures the Nazis and all their brutality .
Almost as stunning as Bush ’s transparency here is the easy acceptance Americans grant this despicable term .
Companies sell gadgets for " homeland security , " colleges offer majors in it , headlines casually twist it into an adjective , television programs swipe it for their title .
Perhaps the phrase caught on because it captures the nuances of a ludicrously inept police - state that nevertheless takes itself very seriously .
Our Masters may aspire to the Nazis ’ ruthless efficiency and omniscient surveillance , but they ’re essentially Barney Fife playing Gestapo .
Once spawned , the DHS sucked up such bureaucracies as the National Infrastructure Protection Center and the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) as fast as it did taxes .
That did n’t sate the Administration ’s lust for bigger government , so it manufactured extra spools of red tape , like the Transportation Security Administration .
They glut the DHS as well .
All told , this ber- bureaucracy boasts 32 divisions .
" Homeland Security USA ’s " producer , Arnold Shapiro , is experienced enough to realize that bureaucrats pushing paper in the National Infrastructure Protection Center and similar " Department Components " does n’t make for exciting television .
He ’ll concentrate his cameras instead on the " Components " whose ruffians accost , attack , and abduct taxpayers or would - be taxpayers ; ABC - TV lists these as " CBP ( Customs & Border Protection ) including CBP ’s Border Patrol ; ICE ( Immigration & Customs Enforcement ) ; TSA ( Transportation Security Administration ) ; USCG ( United States Coast Guard ) and USCIS ( United States Citizenship & Immigration Services ) . "
Tellingly , everyone associated with this propaganda insists that it is n’t .
" Vicki Dummer , ABC ’s executive in charge of alternative series " told AP that “ u2018 Homeland Security USA ’ is intended as entertainment without a political point of view . "
Yo , Dummer : so was drawing and quartering in merry Olde England .
But the spectacle quite forcefully knocked its audience to their knees before Leviathan .
Arnold Shapiro also argues that the show " does n’t have a political point of view " because it focuses on " the average men and women on the front lines " rather than the " higher - ups " at the DHS .
Hollywood ’s moguls apparently consider " political points of view " a luxury for the elite .
Meanwhile , Arnie recycles the DHS ’s spin on the unconstitutional outrages those " average men and women " commit when he avers that they " [ protect ] our country from various things illegal and dangerous . ”
Yeah , right : the thing illegal and dangerous here is the DHS .
Arnie next disgorged this whopper : “ I do n’t see how actually and factually documenting something that happens before our eyes , and editing it in a factual way — in other words , not manipulatively , can be considered propaganda . "
Is this disingenuous greed , or are Hollywood ’s denizens really this stupid ?
Perhaps someone at Variety or the DHS can enlighten Arnie : both know propaganda when they see it .
Variety ’s review mocks not only the series but the Customs & Border Protection an episode showcases : " The series … mostly skirts the irritation associated with customs screening … with predictable sympathy .
…
[ P] roducer Arnold Shapiro dutifully chronicles the agencies ’ commitment to keeping America safe , preventing contraband like cocaine and unlicensed belly dancers ( yep , honest ) from illegally entering the country . "
And the DHS happily admits that the show is propaganda and nothing but : spokesman Ed Fox says the agency considers its collaboration with ABC to be “ a great opportunity to help the American public understand what their government does and what the Department of Homeland Security , the youngest department , does . "
However infuriating , “ Homeland Security USA ” it is n’t breaking new ground .
Americans will recognize its format from such kindred obscenity as " COPS " : armed bruisers in cruisers whaling on smaller men , women , and kids ; ordering supposedly free people about as if they are slaves ; laughing at the suffering of their victims .
Why Our Rulers ’ documented abuse has n’t provoked a mass uprising remains among the most baffling and mortifying mysteries of our day .
Instead , " COPS " is " long - running " and " critically acclaimed . "
" Acclaim " is about what I ’d expect from the general run of idiots masquerading as critics ; what ’s sobering is that over 6 million " viewers " watch Our Masters hammer their fellow serfs into submission .
And apparently relish the hammering since they ’ve tuned in for " 20 seasons and over 700 episodes . "
It seems that when the government claims a man has bought or sold an illegal drug , Americans not only devoutly believe that allegation , they also agree that he thereby deserves all the indignities and beatings Leviathan ’s legionnaires care to dish out .
This is barbarous taste in entertainment , one shared with the ancient Romans .
They , too , enjoyed watching the State ’s beasts tear " illegal and dangerous " Christians to shreds .
Reality shows may have replaced scripted dramas , but American television has always dispensed huge doses of propaganda .
In fact , perhaps it ’s better for freedom to " actually and factually [ document ] something that happens before our eyes , " as Smarmy Arnie put it .
Better " COPS " thrashing the daylights out of citizens than the folksy humor of " The Andy Griffith Show " : its wise and kindly widower polices the good people of Mayberry so gently that the town ’s tippler voluntarily stumbles into a jail cell all on his own , sure of an understanding welcome from the sheriff .
Better the hoodlums of " Homeland Security USA " " [ drawing ] guns …against a man trying to drive across the U.S. - Mexico border with his family , terrifying his wife and young children … [ in ] a case of mistaken identity " than the meticulous Sgt. Joe Friday seeking just the facts on thieves and murderers .
Portraying thugs as savants who protect the hapless and helpless from genuine criminals is far more insidious than openly promoting the government ’s agenda while its bullies bloody citizens for everyone to see .
Indeed , Sgt. Friday ’s creator , Jack Webb , " had tremendous respect for the people in law enforcement .
He often mentioned in interviews that he was angry about the u2018ridiculous ’ amount of abuse to which police were often subjected by the press and the public . "
The LAPD savored Webb ’s bootlicking so much it not only collaborated with him , it named an auditorium at its police academy in his honor .
And no wonder : " He said that he wanted to perform a service for the police by showing them as low - key working class heroes . "
Not " Homeland Security USA . "
In the only truthful statement likely to escape the show , its website proclaims , " These [ officers of the DHS ] are n’t heroes . "
No argument there .
The Best of Becky Akers
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Angry monkeys turned on their cruel trainer - and beat him senseless with his own stick .
They went ape when their owner handed out a vicious beating to one of the trio during a performance riding mini bicycles in a market in Sizhou , eastern China .
While one twisted his ears , another pulled his hair out in handfuls and bit his neck .
Then when he dropped his cane , the third snatched it up and began beating the trainer around the head until he broke the stick .
The dazed trainer confessed : " They were once wild and these performances do n't always come naturally to them .
" They may have built up some feelings of hatred towards me . "
Now police are investigating allegations of animal cruelty and may confiscate the monkeys .
In related monkey stories , check out the incredible pig with the face of a monkey and the video of the monkey waiters from Japan .
Wiki
An electric car is an alternative fuel car that uses electric motors and motor controllers instead of an internal combustion engine ( ICE ) .
Currently , in most cases , electrical power is derived from battery packs carried on board the vehicle .
Other energy storage methods that may come into use in the future include the use of ultracapacitors , or storage of energy in a spinning flywheel .
The term electric vehicle is often used , implying , in context , an electric road vehicle , though in its broader sense it covers all vehicles with electrical propulsion including trains and trams .
Vehicles that make use of both electric motors and other types of engine are known as hybrid electric vehicles and are not considered pure electric vehicles ( EVs ) because they operate in a charge - sustaining mode .
Hybrid vehicles with batteries that can be charged externally from an external source are called plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( PHEV ) , and become pure battery electric vehicles ( BEVs ) during their charge - depleting mode .
Other types of electric vehicles besides cars include light trucks and neighborhood electric vehicles .
( Interact Games – 1994 )
On “ Revengers of Vengeance ” you seek for revenge in return for their vengeance , which came as a revenge of your vengeance , which … nevermind .
The best of all ?
It ’s “ based on a true story ”
( Extreme Entertainment Group – 1993 )
Got Milk ?
Then do n’t blow it out your nose
( Data East – 1995 )
CYBERpad is capable of making a skeletal human forearm jump out of your TV to strangle you at any moment
( Suncom – circa 1991 )
The perfect Christmas guest
( Muse – 1982 )
Good things will happen … like a baseball breaking your window and hitting you in the head .
( Tecmo – 1994 )
Life lesson : Never give your Joystick to an Alligator
( Hot - B – 1990 )
Apparently , nerds get cooler by playing videogames
( Hot - B – 1990 )
What ’s better than golf ?
ROBOTIC golf of course !
( TOHO – 1993 )
Once you start playing the “ Zoop ” game , it replaces the girl of your dreams , your acne pimples … and such a healthy game is America ’s largest killer of time .
( Viacom – 1995 )
“ Actual Scream Shot ” …
( Universal Interactive Studios – 1992 )
Tell Santa you have no ballz kid
( PF Magic – 1994 )
Americans are not your enemy , president tells Arabic TV network as US envoy sets out on eight days of talks
Barack Obama has sought to mend America 's ties with the Muslim world , declaring : " Americans are not your enemy . "
In a signal of his desire to repair the diplomatic damage of the George Bush era , Obama chose to give his first formal television interview since becoming US president to the Arabic cable TV network al - Arabiya .
In it , he said the US sometimes made mistakes , but stressed that his administration would adopt a more open diplomatic approach than his predecessor's .
Obama renewed his pledge to make an address in the capital of a major Muslim country , pointed out that he had lived in Indonesia for several years while growing up , and said his travels through Muslim states had convinced him that , regardless of faith , people had certain common hopes and dreams .
" My job to the Muslim world is to communicate that the Americans are not your enemy .
We sometimes make mistakes .
We have not been perfect , " Obama said in the interview , recorded yesterday .
To Iran – which Bush declared part of an " axis of evil " – Obama repeated his offer of friendship , saying that he would set out a policy towards Tehran in the next few months .
" As I said in my inauguration speech , if countries like Iran are willing to unclench their fist , they will find an extended hand from us , " Obama said .
" It is very important for us to make sure that we are using all the tools of US power , including diplomacy , in our relationship with Iran . "
Susan Rice , the new US ambassador to the United Nations , yesterday pledged " vigorous " and " direct " nuclear diplomacy with Iran but warned pressure would increase if Tehran refused to halt uranium enrichment .
The five permanent members of the UN security council – Britain , China , France , Russia and the US – and Germany have offered Tehran economic and energy incentives in exchange for halting its uranium enrichment programme , which the west sees as a cover to acquire a nuclear weapons capability .
But Tehran is pressing on with the programme , which it says is geared toward electricity generation .
Obama recorded the interview with the Dubai - based network as his envoy to the Middle East , the former senator George Mitchell , set out on an eight - day trip to the region and elsewhere .
The move complemented the new administration 's first efforts to reach out to regional leaders who have been wary at best of US efforts to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
Obama said he felt it important to " get engaged right away " in the Middle East , and had directed Mitchell to talk to " all the major parties involved " .
His administration would craft an approach after that , he said .
" What I told him is , start by listening , because all too often the United States starts by dictating , " Obama told the interviewer .
The president reiterated the US commitment to Israel as an ally , and to its right to defend itself .
But he suggested Israel had hard choices to make , and that his administration would press harder for it to make them .
" We cannot tell either the Israelis or the Palestinians what is best for them , " he said .
" They are going to have to make some decisions .
But I do believe that the moment is ripe for both sides to realise that the path they are on is one that is not going to result in prosperity and security for their people . "
Obama added : " There are Israelis who recognise that it is important to achieve peace .
They will be willing to make sacrifices if the time is appropriate and if there is serious partnership on the other side . "
Obama stopped short of giving a timetable , but he said he was certain progress could be made .
You are about to leave the current Gertrude Hawk Store .
If you are actively shopping and have items in your cart , those items will be cleared when you leave the store .
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) - Intel Corp rolled out on Friday the next generation of its netbook computers aimed at the education sector and emerging markets , touting the variety of ways technology is helping the world ’s poor .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
Intel , the world ’s biggest chipmaker , unveiled the third generation of its Classmate PC netbook , which is made by local computer makers in a number of countries and runs on Intel ’s low - power Atom chip .
The newest model features a touch screen and convertible tablet form .
The machine is designed to be rugged enough to withstand a pounding from schoolchildren .
Intel says only 5 percent of the world ’s 1.3 billion school - age children have access to a PC or the Internet , and 75 million are not in school at all .
“ Technology can be used in tremendous ways to impact people ’s lives on the ground , ” Intel Chairman Craig Barrett said during his keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
He said technology such as mobile Internet devices and better connectivity offered by 3G , 4G and WiMax will allow poor nations to deliver vital education and health services .
As an example of how technology is being used to benefit emerging nations , he described a Warner Brothers video game that is being used for HIV awareness in Kenya .
In emerging nations , Barrett said , “ Those that take advantage of technology are probably going to be the winners . ”
Earlier in the week Intel issued its second revenue warning on the fourth quarter .
Chip and chip equipment companies throughout the industry have been shedding jobs as the global economy slows .
However , Intel said it is comfortable with the current size of its headcount .
“ While we have n’t made specific projections on the size of the workforce , the restructuring we did in 2006 has put us in a good position to weather the current economic environment , ” Intel spokesman Tom Beermann said Friday in an e-mailed statement .
( To see blog posts from the Consumer Electronics Show , please visit MediaFile at blogs.reuters.com /mediafile .
For other CES stories , see here )
About The Author Sylwia Besz is a Product Manager working on online and mobile products / services .
Privately she ’s a blogger at In Web We Trust , geek and amateur … More about Sylwia Besz - Miazga …
404 Error Pages , One More Time
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
The design of 404 error pages is often overlooked and underestimated .
However , designed carefully , these pages can make a random visitor stay on your website , take a look around and eventually find the information he or she was looking for in the first place .
Effective 404 error pages communicate why a particular page could n’t be displayed and what users can do next .
A search box and list of useful resources ( possibly related to the missing page ) could be helpful in this case .
The design of 404 error pages is often overlooked and underestimated .
However , designed carefully , these pages can make a random visitor stay on your website , take a look around and eventually find the information he or she was looking for in the first place .
Effective 404 error pages communicate why a particular page could n’t be displayed and what users can do next .
A search box and list of useful resources ( possibly related to the missing page ) could be helpful in this case .
We ’ve already covered the design of 404 error pages in previous posts .
In them , we also covered some interesting and useful ideas for designing 404 pages .
Now , it ’s time for a fresh dose of 404 - error inspiration .
This article presents 50 more examples of beautiful and original 404 error designs .
Some of them are beautiful but not user - friendly , others are user - friendly but not really beautiful .
Please use these examples as a source of inspiration ; hopefully , this showcase has something for everybody .
You may also want to take a look at the following related posts :
Also note that some examples used in this post were suggested by our Twitter followers : please follow us on Twitter to vote on which article gets published next , discuss new ideas , get fresh updates and suggest great ideas for our next posts .
Thank you .
Beautiful 404 Error Pages
Cut &
Tate claims that “ Someone on the staff is to blame for this !
Rest assured , the proper person will get the proper amount of blame and humiliation dealt to them . ”
Notice how well the search box is highlighted .
Beautiful !
Productplanner Productplanner perfectly integrates its 404 error page in the overall branding of the website .
Mundofox.com
A 404 error page with a not - so - eloquent Homer .
Duoh.com Probably one of the most colorful and abstract 404 error pages out there .
Apartmenthomeliving.com
A quite unusual 404 error page from a website that helps people find apartments .
Chrisglass.com
Chris takes his comrades on a trip , hunting for the right page .
Huwshimi.com
On Huwshimi a ninja seems to have stolen a 404 error - page : “ you must return when the moon has friends and the fox is borrowed ” .
Gorgeous !
ilovetypography.com
A typographically beautiful ( of course ) 404 error page from ILoveTypography.com .
Newspond Newspond uses a very strange illustration on its 404 error page .
The circle defines the limits of the website , and the small image at the top is a miniaturized Newspond logo .
A click on the image leads to the home page of the website .
Brightkit “ 404 Fowl Not Found . ”
Brightkit shows a missing owl on a milk carton .
Unusual and , therefore , memorable .
jhuskisson.com
Gog.com “ 404 : oh noes , there ’s nothing in here . ” ( sent by @ Chamb via Twitter )
User -Friendly 404 Error Pages
RealMacSoftware.com
An excellent 404 error page , functionally speaking , that contains a site map of the website .
InspirationBit InspirationBit presents an overview of popular and recommended articles .
45royale
This error page contains links to popular posts and a cool illustration of a pretty freaky monkey .
Ma.gnolia.com
Have Fun With 404 !
Yes , fun !
Because 404 also is a place where you can show your sense of humor .
You have the opportunity , so use it well !
www.techkultura.com
On Pawel Opydo ’s blog : “ Golden Rule of the Code of the Samurai :
If this is n’t the page you were looking for , you have to do Seppuku . ”
Abduzeedo Abduzeedo suggests ideas for finding the right article and lists popular and recent blog posts as well as a tag cloud .
Habrahabr
An illustrative image ( sent by sabugao on Twitter ) .
CSS Remix
This fellow is quite scared ( sent by @dezignMusings on Twitter ) .
Pattern Tap
Do n’t get angry , and do n’t cry .
Pattern Tap will take on the burden of the missing page .
New Yorker
The New Yorker magazine has been published since 1925 , but it is definitely with it , with its own 404 .
Frye / Wiles Frye / Wiles Creative Agency .
Heinz
The 404 for the best - known ketchup .
Chelmsford Library OMG , Smashing Magazine is missing in the Chelmsford Public Library !
Craigslist An ASCII 404 error page from Craigslist .
The Truth Is this really the truth ?
Wulffmorgenthaler Blame that weird beaver on Wulffmorgenthaler .
Henrik Hedegaard Henrik Hedegaard seems to like the Simpsons .
NotaNiche Refresh and see the next funny picture .
A blog by Alexander Frison .
Daze of Our Lives “ Whatever the Dickens a so - called “ Error 404 ” is I have n’t the foggiest idea , but one has occurred .
You ca n’t trust this wretched technology , can you ? ”
Limpfish Wanted : a Web page .
Orangecoat “ Despite that song in your step and sense of purpose , you ’ve hit a little bump in the road .
These things happen .
We ’re going to do our best to make sure you keep dancing in the right direction . ”
Orangecoat gives a 404 error mind map .
Kochatelier Berlin 404 bread on the website of a cooking agency .
Dawdle Mario occasionally entered the wrong castle .
CSS - Tricks Chris Coyier takes a closer look at the code .
Niki Brown Niki Brown encourages her visitors to “ Have no fear ” and shows them a beautiful mouse illustration .
Twitter Twitter uses a minimalistic yet attractive 404 error page .
Livadaru Homer on the blog of Cristian Livadaru .
ARTTHUG Studios Homer again , this time at ARTTHUG Studios .
Cubeecraft Error Cubee ( which you can download and make yourself ) at Cubeecraft .
d20 SRD A brutal error at d20 SDR !
HomeStar Runner Oops !
You had it coming at HomeStar Runner .
Animation ?
Sure !
404 does n’t only have to be about graphics .
Below , you ’ll find 404 examples with animation .
Mark Fennell
On his 404 , Mark Fennell offers … a game !
Project Euh Project Euh ?
Just click and go to a random website .
Total Insanity Total Insanity shows us what insanity really means .
Herr Nilsson
This 404 error page fetches 404 Tweets and displays them in real time ( sent by eelay on Twitter ) .
Cricket Feet
The 404 error page on Cricket Feet talks to you !
Pattern Tap
Do n’t get angry , and do n’t cry .
Pattern Tap will take on the burden of the missing page .
New Yorker
The New Yorker magazine has been published since 1925 , but it is definitely with it , with its own 404 .
Frye / Wiles Frye / Wiles Creative Agency .
Heinz
The 404 for the best - known ketchup .
Chelmsford Library OMG , Smashing Magazine is missing in the Chelmsford Public Library !
Craigslist An ASCII 404 error page from Craigslist .
The Truth Is this really the truth ?
Wulffmorgenthaler Blame that weird beaver on Wulffmorgenthaler .
Henrik Hedegaard Henrik Hedegaard seems to like the Simpsons .
NotaNiche Refresh and see the next funny picture .
A blog by Alexander Frison .
Daze of Our Lives “ Whatever the Dickens a so - called “ Error 404 ” is I have n’t the foggiest idea , but one has occurred .
You ca n’t trust this wretched technology , can you ? ”
Limpfish Wanted : a Web page .
Orangecoat “ Despite that song in your step and sense of purpose , you ’ve hit a little bump in the road .
These things happen .
We ’re going to do our best to make sure you keep dancing in the right direction . ”
Orangecoat gives a 404 error mind map .
Kochatelier Berlin 404 bread on the website of a cooking agency .
Dawdle Mario occasionally entered the wrong castle .
CSS - Tricks Chris Coyier takes a closer look at the code .
Niki Brown Niki Brown encourages her visitors to “ Have no fear ” and shows them a beautiful mouse illustration .
Twitter Twitter uses a minimalistic yet attractive 404 error page .
Livadaru Homer on the blog of Cristian Livadaru .
ARTTHUG Studios Homer again , this time at ARTTHUG Studios .
Cubeecraft Error Cubee ( which you can download and make yourself ) at Cubeecraft .
d20 SRD A brutal error at d20 SDR !
HomeStar Runner Oops !
You had it coming at HomeStar Runner .
Animation ?
Sure !
404 does n’t only have to be about graphics .
Below , you ’ll find 404 examples with animation .
Mark Fennell
On his 404 , Mark Fennell offers … a game !
Project Euh Project Euh ?
Just click and go to a random website .
Total Insanity Total Insanity shows us what insanity really means .
Herr Nilsson
This 404 error page fetches 404 Tweets and displays them in real time ( sent by eelay on Twitter ) .
Cricket Feet
The 404 error page on Cricket Feet talks to you !
Bluedaniel Daniel Karcher ’s film design studio .
I 've always wondered how Lyndon Johnson became a millionaire while earning for a lifetime a modest federal salary .
How did Nick Mavroules , who became a Congressman in 1978 , avoid detection for so long ?
He pleaded guilty in 1993 to bribery and racketeering charges .
How come Rep. Charlie Rangel ( NY ) owns so much property in New York and an expensive villa in the Dominican Republic ? -- all of this on a representative 's salary .
And is n't that Governor of Illinois , Rod Blagojevich ( From Transylvania ? ? ) , something else ?
It appears he 's tried to , among other things , sell Obama 's vacant senate seat for $ 250 thousand .
Do you believe for a minute this is the first time this guy has reached for a shady buck ?
You must have your own pet peeves about many politicians who after a lifetime of moderate income retire to a posh life style , or about locals who stuff bribes into their underwear .
If so , join me in my hope , and support my plan for relief .
It 's called the net worth test , an internal revenue gimmick invented to convict Al Capone , the famous prohibition gangster .
The feds wanted Al for many reasons , but all attempts to nab him failed -- he was cleverly cautious about his criminal dealings .
But he lived big , much bigger than his reported income suggested he could afford .
So some bright guy invented the net worth test , and it became law .
Under its provisions , agents could examine all aspects of Capone 's lifestyle , compute the income needed to support it , and compare the answer with his reported income .
Bingo !
They had big
Al on income tax evasion and locked him up .
As expected , the DTV coupon program has gone broke — blowing through their $ 1.34 billion budget well short of the February 17th transition date .
Advertisement
Hopefully , Congress will kick into action and supply more funding — but things are ... a little busy over there right now so I would n't expect them to jump on it right away .
On the plus side , cash from unclaimed vouchers can be applied to new vouchers — which should help cover a portion of those who are late to the party .
[ DTV 2009 via Ars Technica ]
Scientists say they have developed a mathematical model of the mating game to help explain why courtship is often protracted .
That 's right , there may one day be a numerical model to tell you why women under 30 like the Bad Boys but over age 30 they like men that are employed .
The study by researchers at University College London ( UCL ) , University of Warwick and LSE ( London School of Economics and Political Science ) , says that extended courtship enables a male to signal his suitability to a female and enables the female to screen out the male if he is unsuitable as a mate .
The research in the Journal of Theoretical Biology uses game theory to analyse how males and females behave strategically towards each other in the mating game .
The mathematical model considers a male and a female in a courtship encounter of unspecified duration , with the game ending when one or other party quits or the female accepts the male as a mate .
The model assumes that the male is either a ' ' good ' ' or a ' ' bad ' ' type from the female 's point of view , according to his condition or willingness to care for the young after mating .
The female gets a positive payoff from mating if the male is a ' ' good ' ' male but a negative payoff if he is '' bad ' ' , so it is in her interest to gain information about the male 's type with the aim of avoiding mating with a " bad " male .
In contrast , a male gets a positive payoff from mating with any female , though his payoff is higher if he is " good " than if he is " bad " .
The study looks for evolutionarily stable equilibrium behaviors , in which females are doing as well as they can against male behavior and males are doing as well as they can against female behavior .
It shows that extended courtship can take place , with a good male being willing to court for longer than a bad male and the female delaying mating .
In this way the duration of a male 's courtship effort carries information about his type .
By delaying mating , the female is able to make some use of this information to achieve a degree of screening .
Because bad males have a greater tendency to quit the courtship game early , as time goes on and the male has not quit it becomes increasingly probable that he is a " good " male .
Professor Robert Seymour , UCL Mathematics , says : " Courtship in a number of animal species occurs over an extended period of time .
Human courtship , for example , can involve a sequence of dinners , theatre trips and other outings lasting months or even years .
One partner - often the male - may pay the greater part of the financial cost , but to both sexes there is a significant cost of time which could be spent on other productive activities .
Why do n't people and other animals speed things up to reduce these costs ?
The answer seems to be that longer courtship is a way for the female to acquire information about the male .
" By delaying mating , the female is able to reduce the chance that she will mate with a bad male .
A male 's willingness to court for a long time is a signal that he is likely to be a good male .
Long courtship is a price paid for increasing the chance that mating , if it occurs , will be a harmonious match which benefits both sexes .
This may help to explain the commonly held belief that a woman is best advised not to sleep with a man on a first date .
" Dr Peter Sozou , Warwick Medical School and LSE Centre for Philosophy of Natural and Social Science , says : " From a female 's point of view , males are not all equal .
A female would like to mate with a good male , but cannot tell a male 's type from his appearance alone .
The strategic problem the female faces is how to screen out bad males , and this is where long courtship comes into play .
A male is assumed to always want to mate with a female , but a good male is more willing to pay the cost of a long courtship in order to claim the prize of mating .
This leads to an outcome in which the female is not willing to mate immediately , but instead requires the male to wait for an indeterminate time before she agrees to mate with him .
During this time , the male may give up on courting the female .
" Bad males give up at some random time if the female has not by then mated with them , but good males are more persistent and do not give up .
The female 's strategy is a compromise - a trade - off between on the one hand the greater risk of mating with a bad male if she mates too quickly , and on the other hand the time cost of delay .
Under this compromise there remains some risk that she will mate with the wrong type of male .
She cannot eliminate this risk completely unless she decides never to mate .
" Not very good at math ?
Learn how to make relationships a card game instead .
Killer Crawfish !!
– I stopped in to Heaven on Seven last month when I was in town , and I was greeted by a bizarre spectacle : in the middle of the dining room was a large table containing a platter full of crawfish that appeared to be dying due to lack of water and possibly starvation .
At first , I was confused , as I could think of no logical reason to slowly suffocate small animals in the middle of a restaurant .
Then I was informed that this was in honor of ?
Crawfish Festival , ? and was an advertisement for their seasonal boiled crawfish special .
I ordered the special , though I foolishly tried to select mine from the ones on display , and was informed that these particular crawfish were to be thrown away after they died .
Still , the ones I did have were delicious !
When I went back a couple nights later , they had run out of live crawfish , so they had some dead ones sitting out , which I felt made the display slightly less festive .
While I still found the sight of several dead crawfish lying on a plate at room temperature to be appetizing , it didn ?t make me as hungry as the previous night when I got to watch them slowly grind to a halt and expire over the course of the evening .
Nevertheless , I was so inspired that I decided to use this sales technique at my own restaurant , Fat Paulie ?s Invincible House of Beef in Topeka , Kansas ( just south of the Municipal Airport on Rt. 4 ) .
Of course , we mainly sell burgers and steaks , so we ?ve been bringing a cow in each night and tying a plastic bag over its head .
We poke small holes in the bag to let a little air in , as we want our customers to be able to enjoy the sight of the cow becoming less lucid , stumbling around , losing consciousness and finally dying over a period of several hours .
Needless to say , hamburger sales have gone through the roof !
It ?s been a bit expensive throwing a dead cow away every night , but the increased revenue brought in by this brilliant marketing strategy has more than made up for it .
Thanks Heaven on Seven !
The last bastion of privacy on airplanes is their blanket of white noise , but that may soon vanish : Pilots are complaining that the Airbus A380 jumbo is so quiet , they can't get any rest .
Advertisement
I actually get pissed off in TV shows and movies ( Jerry Friggin ' Maguire comes to mind ) when people in coach eavesdrop on people in first class , or vice versa , because airplane engine white noise is just too thick for that to realistically happen .
But now , apparently , it 's all coming horrifically true : Pilots say that when they are on breaks , they can hear " every crying baby , snoring passenger and flushing toilet , " says Wired 's Autopia blog .
Advertisement
According to a publication called Flightglobal , the Dubai - based Emirates Air is begging Airbus for some kind of solution to the problem that would not , of course , weigh things down .
Emirates SVP Capt .
Ed Davidson says that pilots are complaining : " On our other aircraft , the engines drown out the cabin noise .
[ On the A380 ] the pilots sleep with earplugs , but the cabin noise goes straight through them . "
Wired also quotes Airbus nemesis Boeing on the subject :
In stories about the A380 passenger experience , we read that even seated by a window , you could hear conversations on the other side of the airplane , or even several rows away .
In some reports , when passengers mentioned that this might be a bit disconcerting , they were told that one might have to " get used to " eavesdropping on an airplane ...
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Man , they did n't even get to bodily functions and I 'm already sorta kinda feeling sorry for all those billionaire oil barons who fly the Emirates ' skies .
Small saving grace :
When flying Singapore Airlines 's A380s , at least they wo n't have to put up with assorted clumsy attempts at joining the Mile High Club .
[ Wired ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Pope Benedict XVI has been criticised for lifting the excommunications of four men ordained without papal permission .
Briton Richard Williamson , told Swedish television in November 2008 that he did not believe any Jews had died in gas chambers during the Second World War .
Mr Williamson , a member of ultra-traditionalist sect Society of St. Pius X was automatically excommunicated 20 years ago after being appointed as a bishop by a breakaway archbishop without papal consent .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
It 's the palm trees and the cross on the front lawn that throw you off .
They seem out of place at the White House .
But then again , this is n't 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
This White House sits in a quiet residential neighborhood in Atlanta .
Fred Milani , owner of this replica White House in Atlanta , is trying to sell the home for $ 9.8 million .
more photos »
Owner Fred Milani is an Iranian - born real estate developer who came to the United States in 1979 , the year the shah left Iran .
His replica of the White House has become a landmark , loved or reviled by those who live in the area .
Milani , 57 , builds and sells large single - family homes , commonly referred to as McMansions .
Dozens dot the landscape of tidy brick ranch homes near the North Druid Hills area .
He tears down many of the homes he buys , leaving McMansions in their place .
Neighborhood residents who have fought the trend consider them monuments to conspicuous consumption .
Milani built the White House in 2002 , when Atlanta 's real estate market was booming .
He says the idea took only moments to decide .
His wife , Yvonne , told him she wanted a house with columns , and , according to Milani , his architect suggested replicating the White House .
Watch an inside look at Milani's White House »
" I believe it was Jesus ' plan .
Five minutes later , we decided to build the White House . "
Asked what it 's like to live there , he 's nonchalant :
" You get used to it after a while .
...
It 's good . "
See more photos of the Atlanta White House »
But when the housing market crashed in 2008 , Atlanta was hit hard .
Foreclosures soared to some of the highest levels in the nation , and Milani was not immune to the downturn .
Twice , his bank has tried to foreclose on the White House , and twice he has found a way to avert it .
In December , he sold five of the 10 homes he had on the market ; one closed last week , and another is set to close Friday , Milani said .
The developer said he also was able to work with his bank to restructure a $ 1.75 million delinquent loan .
But that has n't stopped Milani from putting the house up for sale .
" The economy is doing bad , " the developer says .
" Everyone in construction is suffering , and I am one of them . "
On the market for a month and a half , the White House , with its $ 9.8 million price tag , has garnered only a few inquiries : one from a potential buyer in California and one from Dubai , Milani says .
Although it is only one - third the size of the actual White House , the home still has six bedrooms , seven full baths , six half baths , a banquet room , an outdoor pool and a soaring entryway with a domed ceiling .
It also has its own Oval Office and Lincoln Bedroom .
Explore the real White House »
Milani's Oval Office has a copy of the desk that George W. Bush used during his tenure as president .
Sitting open on the desk are two Bibles , one in English and one in Farsi .
It 's flanked by U.S. and Iranian flags .
There 's even a presidential seal on the ceiling .
The Lincoln bedroom has a mural of President Lincoln painted on the wall , as well as copies of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Bill of Rights .
" A lot of people who come here , they want to stay in this room , " Milani says .
" Bill Clinton charged $ 50,000 a night . "
When asked how much he charges , Milani replied , " free . "
Next door is a 7,500 - square - foot " guest house , " built in the same style .
It has a chapel in the basement .
Milani , who was born a Muslim , converted to Christianity in 1995 , and services are held in the chapel for fellow Muslims converting to Christianity .
Like many converts , he proudly displays the symbols of his new country and faith .
There is a cross in the front yard , illuminated at night by a red light , surrounded by topiary that spells out " God ( heart symbol ) you . "
A pole on top of the house displays the American flag .
Inside , it 's a curious mix of traditional Persian decor , Christian symbols and Americana .
In the entranceway , the domed ceiling is painted with the image of Christ ministering to a host of people from around the world .
There is a Mexican in a sombrero , a woman in traditional Thai dress and an American Indian wearing a full headdress .
Just below Christ is Milani himself .
He says he was not originally supposed to be in the mural , but the painter put him in the scene as a surprise .
In the kitchen , a picture depicting all 44 presidents hangs on the wall .
Milani says that although he is not overly interested in politics , he did host an inauguration party last week for more than 100 guests , and his wife went to Washington for Barack Obama 's swearing - in ceremony .
He says he voted for George W. Bush twice but is now an ardent Obama supporter .
He wants three things from the new president .
" Stop the foreclosures for three to six months , " and " secondly , the banking system needs to release some loans to the people , and he needs to bring the interest rate down . "
Although Milani is intensely proud of his home , many neighbors are n't .
Greta Allen , who lives down the street , calls it an eyesore .
" Who in the world would want a replica of the White House ? " she asked .
" He is the only person . "
A few houses down , Chris Madden agrees .
" Every time I have to drive out [ of ] my neighborhood , I have to look at the thing , and I just think it 's just terrible . "
Madden 's neighbor Steve Mobley says that if they had left out the palm trees and the shrubbery , it may not have been so bad .
But Mobley , who says he is a Christian , says what really bothers him is that " he said that God told him to build it . "
" I do have a problem with that .
I do n't think God would want you to put millions of dollars into a White House for yourself when there might be some better uses for that money . "
Gary Moss , who retired from Georgia State University as a communications and film professor , says he does n't mind the White House other than having to dodge traffic sometimes " when people stop and want to gawk at it . "
But Moss , who lives across the street from Milani in an antebellum farmhouse , accuses the McMansions of changing the neighborhood 's character and feeling of closeness .
" They 're quickly ringing us like pearls on a necklace . "
Other neighbors have accused Milani of bending zoning regulations to obtain more height and other features for his McMansions , and of ignoring neighbor complaints .
He denies it , saying that those people are " jealous " and that his building success is deserved .
He says that " this is America " and that most of his neighbors like him .
Milani is optimistic .
He no longer thinks he financially needs to sell the house and seems unfazed his neighbors ' criticism .
" If someone comes and gives me a good price , I will build a congressional building across the street .
A new thing .
I like a challenge .
Always , I am in the building business . "
CNN 's Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .
All About The White House • Real Estate • Atlanta
Papua New Guinea has made the international news again with a horrific story to reinforce stereotypes about the country : sorcery , sex , and fire .
On January 6 , a group of men reportedly stripped a woman naked , bound her hands and feet , stuffed a cloth in her mouth , and burned her alive on a dumpsite .
Rumor has it that she had " confessed " to having eaten a man 's heart .
But in all likelihood , this will turn out to be a more typical story from that country : a brutal killing of a woman that goes unprosecuted , unpunished , and forgotten .
In Papua New Guinea , research indicates , two - thirds of women experience domestic violence , and 50 percent of women have experienced forced sex .
The Australian development agency AUSAID just issued a new report identifying violence against women as a major barrier to Papua New Guinea 's development .
Papua New Guinea officials are going to have to take the lead to solve the problem , but with a new administration in Washington that is expected to take a stronger stand on women 's issues , this may be a good time to bring international pressures to bear on countries where unpunished violence against women is routine .
The truth in the latest case may be more like what happened almost exactly one year before .
Only a few yards away from a police station , a mob stripped a woman naked , beat and poked her with hot iron rods , and set on her on fire .
The accusation : that she was possessed by spirits that she used to chop off a man 's tongue .
The story that came out later : the man went to her house , tried to rape her , and in the struggle she bit off part of his tongue .
The next day he accused her of witchcraft .
Provincial police commanders in two highlands provinces told journalists that there were more than 50 sorcery - related killings in their provinces in 2008 , but the perpetrators of such killings are rarely brought to justice .
The problem is also complicated .
Many people believe in sorcery and practicing it is a crime that can be brought to village courts .
The phenomenon has links to the country 's HIV epidemic -- 1.5 percent of the country 's 6.5 million people are infected .
Many villagers -- particularly those in remote communities where the virus has reached but information , testing , and treatment have not -- may suspect sorcery when someone dies from the disease .
But allegations of sorcery are far too often used to hide ordinary murders .
Blaming the victim just makes it a little easier for the police to take no action .
Even if charges are brought and someone is convicted , claims that the victim practiced sorcery can be used to mitigate a murder sentence , officials from the Law Reform Commission have said .
Some of the most disturbing cases I 've documented involved police : police rapes of a 7 year - old girl in 2005 and a 6 year - old in 2006 attracted public outrage but no conviction .
Women and girls I interviewed said the police had asked them for sex when they tried to report a crime .
A woman who told me the police raped her in a police station in 2005 said , " " When I see any cop car , I walk off .
I 'm scared .
I do n't trust any cop nowadays . "
Police have also raped women and girls when they are locked in police cells .
There are some people who are trying to do something about the situation , but they need more support .
Dame Carol Kidu , a member of Parliament , presented petition to the Parliament on violence against women signed by more than 4,000 people .
The Catholic Church in one province reportedly warned Catholics that they would be excommunicated if they attacked people accused of practicing sorcery .
Promisingly , the nation 's police commissioner has started publicly condemning violence against women and promising to do what he can to address domestic and sexual violence .
But much more work needs to be done to translate outrage and public condemnation into actual protection for women .
The prime minister has made a few statements condemning the violence but has taken little action to address the problem .
Women 's rights groups rallied without success around the 2005 disappearance of a noted women 's rights activist , Anna Benny , who was allegedly shot and killed after she went to the assistance of her sister - in - law , who was being held in a home on suspicion of practicing sorcery .
The police in Goroka refused to investigate her death , claiming they had received no complaint from the family .
It is time to unmask the sensationalism from these horrific cases and to treat these cases for what they are : murders that demand thorough police investigation and prosecution .
Public information campaigns , including dispelling myths about HIV , can help .
Victims of violence need medical , legal , counseling , and other support services , including police protection and shelters when they are threatened at home .
Australia , which gives considerable aid to the police in Papua New Guinea , should press its government harder to strengthen internal police discipline and to punish officers who turn a blind eye to violence against women , including violence committed with the flimsy excuse of defense against sorcery .
And the world needs to keep watching .
In this month 's sorcery case , the police promised to investigate and the Law Commission promised new legislation on sorcery .
But if it 's like every other case , tomorrow this may all be forgotten .
Zama Coursen - Neff is Deputy Director for the Children 's Rights Division of Human Rights Watch .
On October 1 , I asked whether the TARP program was likely to turn the U.S. into England ( blog entry ) .
Now that we ’re four months deeper into the recession , what do folks think ?
An economist asked me recently whether I saw the U.S. as likely to collapse like it did in the 1930s or recover ?
And if the economy were to recover , what did I think would spur the recovery ?
My reply was that maybe the most likely scenario was a long gradual downward slide , sort of like England in the post - World War II period .
We ’ve got a system where those who have political power can continue to tap into rich veins of wealth even if what they ’re doing is not sustainably boosting GDP .
Wall Street executives , government at all levels , public employee union members , union members in some private companies , and similarly situated folks can avoid nearly all of the pain of the downturn while non-union workers at private companies get destroyed .
That is a lot like what happened in various European countries .
They ’d have very high unemployment and economic stagnation , but workers who already had jobs were taken care of .
If we give all of our money to the economic winners of the last few decades , what will be left for building new industries and jobs for young people ?
And if the U.S. does turn into the U.K. , how can a young person adapt ?
I talked with a kid who is about to graduate from Olin College of Engineering , perhaps the nation ’s best undergraduate engineering program .
He had two job offers , both from government contractors .
What about his friends ?
One of them did get offered a job recently by some sort of financial services company .
It is in the Netherlands and the kid will be moving there in June ( whereupon he will cease to pay U.S. local , state , and federal taxes , unless he gets a big raise in which case some of his income will be subject to federal income tax ) .
[ Loosely related New York Times article : Mancur Olson ’s seminal work , The Rise and Decline of Nations , published in 1982 , helped explain how stable , affluent societies tend to get in trouble .
The book turns out to be a surprisingly useful guide to the current crisis .
In Olson ’s telling , successful countries give rise to interest groups that accumulate more and more influence over time .
Eventually , the groups become powerful enough to win government favors , in the form of new laws or friendly regulators .
These favors allow the groups to benefit at the expense of everyone else ; not only do they end up with a larger piece of the economy ’s pie , but they do so in a way that keeps the pie from growing as much as it otherwise would .
Trade barriers and tariffs are the classic example .
They help the domestic manufacturer of a product at the expense of millions of consumers , who must pay high prices and choose from a limited selection of goods .
His primary case study was Great Britain in the decades after World War II .
As an economic and military giant for more than two centuries , it had accumulated one of history ’s great collections of interest groups — miners , financial traders and farmers , among others .
These interest groups had so shackled Great Britain ’s economy by the 1970s that its high unemployment and slow growth came to be known as “ British disease . ” ]
( NSFW , contains nudity and sexual references ) Goddamn , Black Dynamite looks good .
It 's hard to imagine this movie not being awesome , if it 's anywhere close to what the trailer promises in glorious " anamorphic duovision . "
Every second of the preview looks great .
Movie just sold for $ 2 MM at Sundance , to the jive motherfuckers at Sony .
Worth its weight in CIA ghetto smack .
This analysis of the essential elements of blaxploitation by the filmmakers is ROFL - arious :
# Stick it to The Man : Black paranoia is usually right in there .
There 's usually this conspiratorial thing that The Man is plotting your doom .
There 's a lot of real blaxploitation movies that involve a plot to exterminate black people .
It 's a constant storyline .
In these movies , white people spend 95 % of their time coming up with plots against black people .
# White people by the pool : Every one of those [ '70s blaxploitation flicks ] depicted white people beside a swimming pool .
We actually had that scene , but we cut it .
A lot of times they were older character actors .
# The exploding car off a cliff : Cars always exploded for no reason .
# Bad physics :
When somebody got shot , they would often fall the wrong direction .
# Random theater actors :
You had really terrible actors alongside these theater actors trying to be drug dealers , but they 'd over - enunciate everything .
Purple Tang ,
Zebrasoma xanthurum
Photos courtesy of melev , Dustin2 , and ReeferArt Common Name : Purple Tang , Yellowtail Surgeonfish , and Yellowtail Tang Scientific Name : Zebrasoma xanthurum Size : Up to 22 cm ( 10 inches ) Distinguishing Features : Yellow on tail as well as fins ; the main body purple .
Juveniles tend to have horizontal striping that eventually fades away .
Body shape is similar to a Sailfin tang , most obvious when the fish displays its fins when startled , in defense or aggression .
Origin : Originally described in the Red Sea ( Blyth , E. 1852 ) .
This species has spread as far east as the southern region of the Persian Gulf .
Natural Habitat : Found in coral thriving regions or on rocky slopes of the Red Sea from depths of 2 - 20 meters .
Feeding Requirements : The Purple Tang is omnivorous , grazing upon algae as well as accepting flake , frozen , and dried foods .
For proper care , vegetable based flake or dried seaweed introduced regularly into the aquarium is ideal .
Seaweed of acceptable grade can commonly be purchased from an orient grocer and in some supermarkets .
Difficulty Rating :
( 1 = easy - 5 = hard ) 3 – Providing stable temperature , stable salinity , strong water flow , and room for them to swim freely this tang can be extraordinarily resilient .
Most difficulty comes with fish compatibility as this is suggested as the last addition to an aquarium due their territorial nature .
Aggressiveness Rating :
( 1 = shy - 5 = nasty )
4 - Generally a peaceful fish with other established tankmates , the Purple Tang can become aggressive with new additions especially similar tang species .
Tangs should be introduced at the same time to avoid fighting .
Other similar niche fish should be introduced prior or at the same time to avoid conflict .
Captive Requirements : Temperature range : 24 – 28 °C ( 75 – 82 oF ) Specific Gravity : 1.020-1.025 ; pH 8.1 - 8.4 .
Tangs require swimming room and should not be kept in aquariums less than 100 gallons .
Optional Requirements : Purple Tangs inhabit rockier regions of the Red Sea .
They hide under rockwork for safety and to sleep at night .
Providing similar conditions will help to promote successful husbandry of this beautiful specimen .
Reef Tank Compatibility : Purple Tangs do well in Fish Only with Live Rock ( FOWLR ) and are compatible with reef aquariums .
Will swim throughout the day looking for foods , picking on filamentous algae .
However , they have been noted to pick at LPS .
Notes : Purple
Tang health is an important factor when purchasing , as shipping can be hard on this specimen .
Make sure the tang is full - bodied , with deep purple / yellow two - toned coloration , and constantly swimming .
Head and Lateral Line Erosion ( HLLE ) disease is commonly reported in this species .
Open wounds will appear around the head or around the lateral line across the body of the fish .
Increasing water quality as well as providing supplemental vitamins , such as macroalgae or food soaked in Selcon will help aid in recovery .
Further Reading : WetWebMedia.com - Z._xanthurum
Fishbase : Purple Tang
About.com - HLLE Disease
Marine Head and Lateral Line Erosion , by Steven Pro
Note :
All of the above information has been compiled from various sources and should be used as a guideline , not a hardfast rule .
Use caution when selecting animals for your own tank and research as much as possible before purchasing any animals .
Remember that certain corals and fish are very hard to keep if their special requirements are not met .
The information contained here is to help you make an informed decision .
The author assumes no responsibility for any consequences that may arise from the use of this information .
A suit filed today in a D.C. federal court charges six federal agencies with refusing to establish national regulations that will speed up the recovery of endangered species and take global warming into account in decision - making processes.[social_buttons ]
“ Global warming is the fastest - growing threat to endangered species .
It is pushing hundreds of species , including the polar bear , walrus , black abalone , elkhorn coral , staghorn coral , American pika , Sonoran pronghorn , woodland caribou , and wolverine to extinction . ” – Bill Snape , senior counsel for the Center for Biological Diversity .
The Center for Biological Diversity is bringing suit against the Interior , Commerce , Agriculture , Defense and Transportation departments , as well as the EPA .
The charges are violating the Administrative Procedure Act by refusing to respond to the Global Warming and Endangered Species Initiative petition filed two years ago .
“ Integrating global warming considerations into all levels of government is the challenge of our times .
Yet the Bush administration not only refused to provide direction on climate change policy , it prevented federal agencies from doing so . ” – Snape
The Global Warming and Endangered Species petition requests that the federal agencies develop the following regulations :
Review of all threatened , endangered , and candidate species to determine which are threatened by global warming .
Revise all federal recovery plans to ensure endangered species are able to adapt to a warming environment .
Require all federal agencies to implement endangered species recovery plans .
Review the global warming contribution of all federal projects and require mitigation of impacts on imperiled species .
Provide technical and financial support to states , local governments , and American Indian tribes that voluntarily agree to implement recover plans .
Require a final Endangered Species
Act listing decision on all candidate species within five years .
Prohibit all federal actions and habitat conservation plans from appreciably reducing the likelihood of species ’ recovery .
The Center for Biological Diversity hopes that the resolution of the suit will give the Obama administration a legal platform to stand on in order to integrate species recovery and global warming mitigation throughout the government .
Image : Carl Chapman at Flickr under Creative Commons
A new campaign by PETA is trying to re-name fish " sea kittens " in order to restrict fishing .
" No one would hurt a sea kitten " PETA says on their website with this really cute and disturbing picture ...
So now we do n't call them fish - we call them sea kittens .
When you go to dinner ask for the sea kitten of the day .
" Careful analysis of the disposition of the corpses shows they had been stacked at the mouth of the countermine by the Persians , using their victims to create a wall of bodies and shields , keeping Roman counterattack at bay while they set fire to the countermine , collapsing it and allowing the Persians to resume sapping the walls .
Many researchers enjoy the challenge of building complicated molecules from scratch in their laboratories , testing their skills in service of a worthwhile goal .
Duplicating Mother Nature is n't easy , and sometimes the journey is almost as impressive as the chemicals themselves .
Click through the gallery for some of the most remarkable chemicals that have been rebuilt in the lab .
Nov. 12 , 2008  --
In Connecticut today , a judge cleared the way for same - sex couples to marry , creating a day of truly remarkable contrasts on one of the most divisive cultural issues in America : gay marriage .
The ruling comes just over a week after voters in California passed Proposition 8 , a state constitutional amendment to limit marriage to between a man and a woman , putting an end to same - sex couples marrying in the state and spawning protests from activists nationwide .
In New York City this evening , protesters gathered outside a Mormon church , to show their support for same - sex marriage , and express anger about what they dubbed " religious - based bigotry " in America .
These protests are not isolated , but rather , a wider trend of demonstrations from New York to Los Angeles targeting Mormons .
Groups are focusing on the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints because its members poured in tens of millions of dollars to defeat gay marriage in California .
Mormon leadership , normally reluctant to engage in politics , sent a letter calling for the preservation of what it called traditional marriage and families , to be read aloud in every Mormon congregation in California .
" The Church 's teachings and position on this moral issue are unequivocal , " the letter said .
" ... We ask that you do all you can to support the proposed constitutional amendment by donating of your means and time to assure that marriage in California is legally defined as being between a man and a woman . "
Opponents say that church leaders went too far in organizing their members and asking them to donate time and money to getting the proposition passed .
Those critics of the church even started an online campaign to identify and embarrass Mormons who supported the amendment .
They launched Mormonsfor8.com , a Web site that lists the name and hometown of each Mormon donor , in an attempt to expose how much influence the LDS church played in the campaign .
Critics charge Mormons with hypocrisy , given their troubled history with polygamy .
" They are a group of people who have experienced bigotry and religious bigotry in this country , " said Michelangelo Signorile , a gay writer and talk show host .
" They should understand what it is like to be a minority in this country and to know that other people are trying to take your rights away . "
Mormons Say Protestors ' Anger Is Unfair
" Well , let 's not fudge the issues here .
We 're not talking about what kind of marriages that Mormons were involved in , in the 1800s , " said Michael Otterson , a spokesman for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
" That 's not the issue .
Let 's keep focused on where we are with marriage today . "
Mormons say they 're being unfairly singled out since many different faith - based organizations , including Catholics , evangelicals and black Protestants , banded together to help pass Proposition 8 .
Denying accusations that the church stepped outside of its traditional role , Otterson said it 's wrong to target a place of worship for speaking up on what it considers an important issue .
" This is not about being anti-gay .
This is not about being unfair to another minority , " Otterson said .
" This is about protecting an institution that has been the bedrock of society for millennia , and the idea of having that redefinition of marriage on the part of a minority forced on the majority of our society was just not palatable to many people in California , including our own members . "
Gay rights activists say they plan to continue their protests , as groups channel their frustration about Proposition 8 towards the Mormon Church .
The first time we wrote about Mark Cuban ( " Yeaaaahhhhhhh , Baaaaaaaa - byyyyy ! , " April 2000 ) , he and his partner had just sold their first Internet venture -- vBroadcast.com -- to Yahoo ! for $ 5.7 billion .
As we finished reporting that story , Cuban completed his purchase of the NBA 's Dallas Mavericks .
Even as he went on to become the most visible and combative owner in sports , he continued to be a digital - media flamethrower .
He cofounded the exclusively high - definition TV network HDNet as well as two movie - production companies ( 2929 Productions and HDNet Films ) , and he co-owns a movie - theater chain ( Landmark Theatres ) and a film - distribution company ( Magnolia Pictures ) .
This summer he launched a new Internet venture , sharesleuth.com , devoted to investigating corporate malfeasance .
And in November , Dan Rather is launching a new weekly newsmagazine on HDNet , Dan Rather Reports .
We recently asked Cuban where he thinks media , technology , and American business are going .
Wherever I see people doing something the way it 's always been done , the way it 's " supposed " to be done , following the same old trends , well , that 's just a big red flag to me to go look somewhere else .
I think the underpinning of transition right now is n't technology ; it 's the fact that there 's so much money out there and there 's so much pressure on public companies .
Back in the nineties , the Internet was booming and everyone looked like a genius .
You know , everyone 's a genius in a bull market .
But , of course , we 're no longer in a bull market , so everybody is trying to create the next something .
There 's a lot of desperation out there .
In my opinion , right now there 's way too much hype on the technologiesand not enough attention to the real businesses behind them .
Whether it 's downloaded video , streaming , YouTube , or the Internet in general , there is n't anything new anymore .
There 's not anything right now that you can point at and say , Here comes a whole new rapid - fire change .
To me , it 's like this :
When you 've got 10,000 people trying to do the same thing , why would you want to be number 10,001 ?
There 's just no good reason .
Now , if you have something superstrategic or amazing , great .
But 99 percent of the time , it 's just people lying to themselves .
Which does n't mean that the Internet and all that technology is bad .
When you have a hammer , everything looks like a nail .
And today 's hammer is the Internet , or digital .
To me , it 's like electricity .
Once it was invented , it 's great .
I 'm not going to all of a sudden stop using electricity .
I 'm going to continue using the Internet and all things digital -- high def , digital cameras , new tools , whatever .
But now that we have a society that 's integrated all of that , you have to start asking the question :
What 's next ?
For HDNet , I 'm just looking for programming that I think is going to be memorable , that is going to impact people personally , and stuff that people will think is funny -- kind of like a baby HBO from a content perspective .
Most companies , most media companies or public companies , are geared toward earnings per share , and that drives everything : hitting the numbers , hitting the quarter mark .
But to me , it 's not about that .
It 's about : Can we have an impact ?
If it 's Dan Rather or Dennis Rodman , it does n't matter -- I do n't care , as long as it 's something unique .
Everybody else does nothing more creative than following the trend .
It 's like : Let 's do another poker show .
Now let 's extend that to blackjack .
Now let 's mix blackjack with poker .
Now let 's pimp my ride , let 's pimp my house , let 's get tattoos , let 's get bounty hunters .
If everybody else is doing it , I do n't want to do it .
Rather than trying to grovel for an extra share of viewers like most media companies do these days , I 'd rather just throw it up against the wall and take some chances .
If I had more time ?
I 'd get into places where people are so afraid right now that the economics dominate the common sense .
I 'd get into a business like newspapers -- local newspapers .
Newspapers are a perfect example of how economics dominate common sense .
Contrary to popular belief , newspapers are n't dying .
Newspapers are making tons of money ; they just are n't keeping their shareholders happy , they are n't meeting the expectations on Wall Street .
The problem with newspapers is that they 're trying to grow like they 're Internet companies in 1999 .
Their shareholders are bitching at them about not showing growth in share prices .
The minute you have to run your business for share prices , you 've lost .
It 's over .
They 've focused on that and so they 've lost .
What they should do is step back and ask , " What makes us special ? "
I do n't care how Internet savvy you are or whether you 're in ninth grade or college , you 're not going to read twenty - five pages of text online .
In newspapers , you read more pages , you read more words .
There 's no way around it .
But newspapers do n't see their own value .
They just do n't get it .
So they do dumb - ass shit , like they can't figure out who their customer is , they can't figure out what business they 're in .
They have all these news - wire reports , these breaking stories , but anyone who 's Internet savvy knows that breaking stories , sports events , all that stuff is available on the Internet thirty seconds after it happens .
The people who are in tune to wanting stuff immediately are going to get it online .
But when you read the New York Times or you read the L.A. Times , you read the Chicago Trib or The Dallas Morning News , when they break a story that is unique , not just first , but unique , a story that you can't just pick up on the wire , you have to read it .
And if it 's geared toward different demographics , fine .
Like , businesspeople have to read the New York Times business section -- even though from personal experience I know they 're wrong a certain percentage of the time .
You still have to read it , just in case something clicks .
Like for me .
If I want to keep up with what 's going on in Dallas , I have to read the local paper .
So newspapers are n't dying ; they 're just undergoing an identity crisis .
They do n't know who they want to be .
We 've got our iPods , we 've got our PDAs , we 've got our e-mail .
Those are our time killers .
You 've got to realize :
That 's the role they fill .
These things are not the be-all and end - all -- I do n't think people think that through .
They just think :
Oh , everybody 's doing it ; that must be where everything 's going .
It perpetuates itself .
It 's just small - minded .
With the Internet , life 's become an open - book test .
You do n't need to know anything .
There used to be value for memory .
Now you can just Google it .
In running a private company , if I 'm making money , I 'm happy .
If we are profitable , great .
If I make more than last year , great !
It is n't like , Dang , I 've got to grow 15 percent this year .
If I 'm making money , if I 'm paying my bills , I 'm happy .
Save a little bit , all the better .
What 's fucked up is , the people who run public companies do n't think this way .
They 're just trying to get rich .
The idea of running a public company is n't " Wow , I can run a company . "
It 's " Wow , I might be able to get rich ! "
Not just a - couple - million - dollars rich , but a - couple - million - dollars - a - year , fuck - you - money rich .
The guy who has a $ 50 million golden parachute is thinking , How can I get them to fire me ?
That fucks up a lot of things when it comes to business .
The number - one job of the hedge - fund manager is not to make sure that you can retire with a smile on your face -- it 's for him to retire with a smile on his face .
No balls , no baby :
That 's what I like to say .
It 's so true .
Most people do n't want to cross that line .
There 's safety on one side , uncertainty on the other .
Most people do n't take that step .
And it 's not even so much that they 're afraid to take the step ; it 's that they know deep down that they did n't do the work necessary to be prepared , and that 's the big difference .
Most people think ,
Oh , I have a great idea , and the only thing missing is that I do n't have the connections , I do n't have the access to money .
But that 's the biggest bunch of bullshit .
The minute anyone says that to me , I know they 're a failure .
Because if you 're prepared and you know what it takes , it 's not a risk .
You just have to figure out how to get there .
There is always a way to get there .
You can find any type of discussion group across the Net that is finite enough to make you a hero .
It might just be three people , but in that group , you 're your own David Koresh .
And I think that gives people a false sense of wisdom .
And I think that 's kind of a hassle right now .
I think one of the biggest curses in the U.S. is that we have only two political parties .
If you 're looking where everybody else is looking , you 're looking in the wrong spot .
Originally published in the December 2006 issue
RELATED STORIES :
Mike Sager Mike Sager is a bestselling author and award - winning reporter who 's been a contributor to Esquire for thirty years .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Managed Cloud
Scale up and out to meet your business needs .
Flexible , scalable , virtual data center that grows and adjusts with your evolving business .
Starting from $ 127 / month .
Check the other resources on Amby 's Work Site : Topic Descriptions Unemployment Blues Career Exploration & Assessment Non-Traditional Job Search Techniques Information on Companies in PITTSBURGH Job Listings Database ( not just PGH ) PITTSBURGH JOB LISTINGS Database Job Fairs in Pittsburgh Resumes , Cover Letters & Correspondence Interview Skills Portfolios Design & Use in Job Search Tests at the Work Site Psychology of the Workplace Americans with Disabilities Act Employment and Labor Law
Clojure is rather new member of the LISP family of languages which runs on the Java platform .
Introduced in 2007 it has already garnered a lot of interest .
One reason is Clojure 's approach to concurrency which is built upon the concepts of Software Transactional Memory ( STM ) .
Stuart Halloway is the author of " Programming Clojure " ( published by the Pragmatic Programmers ) , which is now in beta .
We talked to Stuart about Clojure , STM , tooling and more .
InfoQ : Clojure uses STM to help with concurrency ; what 's your elevator explanation / elevator pitch for STM ?
STM is one part of a bigger story : explicit APIs for mutable state .
By dividing your code into pure functional and mutable layers , you get two enormous advantages :
* your pure functional code is much easier to test and reuse
* you can choose an explicit mutable API that matches your concurrency and scalability needs .
Clojure provides four different APIs for different situations : refs and STM , agents , vars , and atoms .
Plus , you can always drop down a level and use the Java Concurrency APIs .
InfoQ : Another group interested in Clojure are programmers already familiar with LISP ; what do they need to watch out for when trying Clojure ?
My advice to Lispers is " be patient at first . "
Clojure is Lisp unconstrained by backward compatibility with other Lisps .
What this means in practice is that many things are different .
Once you spend some time with Clojure , you will probably agree that Rich 's design decisions are well - motivated .
The Clojure website has a document that shows differences with many other LISPs .
The creator of Clojure , Rich Hickey , provides slides that ( PDF links ) explain Clojure for Java developers and vice versa from a LISPer 's point of view .
InfoQ : What habits do Java users , or more generally , developers used to OOP , need to unlearn to work with Clojure ?
Unlike other hot new VM languages , Clojure is * not* object - oriented .
This can be intimidating at first : " How am I supposed to design a system without objects ? "
But Clojure * does * provide many of the things you want from OO :
* encapsulation ( via namespaces , private definitions and closures )
* polymorphism on steroids ( multimethods )
* functional reuse is better than inheritance .
( Functions and immutable state compose better than inheritance hierarchies . )
The difference between Clojure and many OO languages is that the OO languages offer a fixed menu , while Clojure 's capabilities are a la carte .
InfoQ :
What resources do you recommend for starting with LISP ( besides your book , obviously ) ?
Clojure ties together a lot of good ideas .
In addition to Programming Clojure , I would recommend
* Seibel , Practical Common Lisp for getting up to speed on Lisp
* Graham , On Lisp for Lisp macros
* Goetz et al , Java Concurrency in Practice for concurrency
* O'Sullivan et al , Real World Haskell for functional programming
* Abelson and Sussman , Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs , because everybody should read it
Note : most of these books are also available online for free : Practical Common Lisp , On Lisp , Real World Haskell and SICP .
InfoQ : What older LISP patterns / practices should Clojure developers stay away from ?
( Eg. instead of lists everywhere prefer Clojure data structures like maps / vectors /... where possible ? ) .
You pretty much nailed it in the question .
In Clojure , lists are mostly for code .
For data , choose the right structure for the job , and embrace the sequences library .
Do n't be afraid to call Java APIs directly .
InfoQ : What 's the library ecosystem like for Clojure ?
For any given need ( web development , db access , testing , bdd ) there are three or four up - and - coming Clojure libraries .
The book ends with a " Clojure in the Wild " chapter that briefly introduces several of these , and provides more extended examples using the test - is testing framework and Compojure .
On the Clojure mailist list , Rich Hickey recently asked for maintainers of Clojure libraries to report the library they 're working on .
Many Clojure projects can be found on GitHub under the Clojure language category .
InfoQ : Would you like to see a multi-platform Clojure ( not just Clojure for the Java platform ) ?
No .
Clojure 's tight integration with Java is key to its power .
Of course I would welcome a functional Lisp tied to the .NET platform -- but it should n't be Clojure .
InfoQ : What tools do you use for Clojure programming ?
I use Emacs , plus SLIME sometimes .
But I was already an Emacs user , so that choice was obvious .
There are also plugins for vi , Eclipse , IDEA , and NetBeans .
Some examples of IDE / editor support for Clojure are : clojure - dev ( Eclipse ) , clojure - intellij - plugin ( IntelliJ ) , enclojure ( NetBeans ) .
Gorilla ( VIM ) , is similar to SLIME ( Emacs ) .
( Bill Clementson has a has a howto on setting up Emacs and SLIME for Clojure ) .
As many of these tools need to do similar things , there 's been talk of collaborating on a common backend for these tools .
One option is to use an aproach like SLIME and Gorilla , ie .
run a Clojure instance and query it for documentation lookup ( Clojure symbols carry their docstring as metadata ) , code lookup , namespace browsing , etc .
InfoQ : Would you use Clojure in a commercial , non-trivial project now ?
If you are on an agile team and have a good test suite I would n't hesitate to use Clojure in production today .
InfoQ reported recently about one example of a Clojure application being put in production .
( More Clojure content on InfoQ ) .
Would you consider Clojure ?
Which aspect of Clojure is most interesting for you - it 's LISP heritage , STM , something else ?
Johnson threw for 336 yards and three touchdowns on his way to being selected the game 's most outstanding player , a fitting finish to the career of Utah 's winningest quarterback ( 26 - 7 ) .
Utah became the first team from a non-BCS conference to win two BCS bowls .
The Utes beat Pittsburgh in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl under coach Urban Meyer , going for his second BCS national title with Florida when his Gators play Oklahoma on Thursday in Miami .
Yet , after winning the Mountain West Conference , the Utes were left out of the BCS national championship game in favor of perennial powers Florida and Oklahoma , even though both have one loss .
That 's bound to bring more calls for changes to the BCS system , because Utah showed it could do more than just hang with the big boys , it could dominate one of them .
" I know where I 'm voting us .
I 'm voting us No. 1 . End of story , " Utah coach Kyle Whittingham said afterward .
" I do n't know why they would n't deserve that consideration , " he added later .
" Somebody has to explain to me why they would n't .
There is only one undefeated team in the United States of America right now in Division I football , and it 's these guys right here . "
Utah 's only chance for a piece of the national title -- albeit a remote possibility -- is in The Associated Press poll .
The AP , not part of the BCS , awards its own national champion .
The Utes are the only team in the AP Top 25 that remains unbeaten .
" What else do we have to prove ? " Johnson said .
" Without question , we 're one of best , if not the best team in the country . "
Johnson was 27 - of - 41 and was not intercepted , and the Utes took charge from the start by bolting to a stunning , 21 - 0 first - quarter lead .
When Alabama pulled to 21 - 17 early in the second half , the Utes refused to wilt .
Utah 's defense was equally impressive , intercepting John Parker Wilson twice and sacking him eight times , with the seventh sack forcing a fumble that sent crimson - clad Alabama fans streaming for the exits with just more than five minutes remaining .
After surging to No. 1 in the rankings with a 12 - 0 regular season , Alabama closed with two consecutive losses , the first against Florida in the Southeastern Conference championship game .
Following that first loss , Saban noted that his club still was the only team to have an undefeated regular season in a " real BCS conference . "
The comment was n't aimed specifically at the Utes , but it clearly motivated them .
" From my perspective , I was angry , not just because of what Saban said but everything that was out there , " Johnson said .
" I just felt like we were being completely disrespected . "
Johnson and the rest of the Utes played with an angry edge , much to Saban 's chagrin .
" I apologize if anybody was offended by that .
We had a tremendous amount of respect for Utah , " Saban said .
" I certainly misstated that .
...
So if that 's what gave them all their intensity , then I guess I 'm responsible for the way they played and I 'm responsible for the way we played . "
Alabama could have used suspended All - America left tackle Andre Smith , but even he might not have been enough to stop a Utah defense that played with speed , ferocity and discipline .
The Utes ' front seven was significantly outweighed by Alabama 's offensive line , but refused to give ground to the Tide 's normally powerful running game that averaged 196.5 yards per game coming into the Sugar Bowl .
Glen Coffee was held to 36 yards on 13 carries , while Mark Ingram rushed eight times for only 26 yards .
The Utes ' array of stunts and blitzes appeared to upset Wilson 's rhythm .
He overthrew a couple of open receivers downfield and finished 18 - of - 30 for 177 yards and a touchdown
Utah did n't seem very interested in running the ball , and who could blame them the way Johnson adeptly spread the ball around to seven receivers ?
He hit Freddie Brown 12 times for 125 yards .
Johnson 's touchdowns went for 7 yards to Brent Casteel , 18 yards to Bradon Godfrey and 28 yards to David Reed .
Matt Asiata ran for a 2 - yard TD , a score set up by Reed 's leaping catch at the 2 .
An Alabama comeback appeared to be building early in the second half , when Dont'a Hightower stripped Johnson , and Bobby Greenwood recovered at the Utah 30 .
Wilson methodically drove the Tide for a score , hitting Coffee for an easy 4 - yard score on a rollout to close the gap to 21 - 17 .
At the point , Alabama had scored 17 straight points , and it appeared to be only a matter of time before the Tide , favored by more than a touchdown , would overtake the underdog Utes .
Johnson had other ideas , opening Utah 's next drive with a 33 - yard pass over the middle to Brown .
The completion kick - started a 71 - yard scoring drive that ended with Reed 's touchdown .
The Tide drove right back into Utah territory , but Ingram was stuffed for no gain on third - and - 2 from the Utah 32 .
Leigh Tiffen then missed his second long field goal of the game , hooking a 49 - yarder just left of the upright .
Only a year ago , the Sugar Bowl saw its first BCS buster in Hawaii , which took a 41 - 10 beating from Georgia .
Utah calmly dismissed any comparisons to last year 's game during the lead - up to the game , and wasted no time proving it on the field .
Utah 's 21 - 0 lead , the largest deficit the Tide faced all season , stood until Tiffin hit a 52 - yard field goal on the first play of the second quarter .
Alabama did not score an offensive TD in the half , but pulled to 21 - 10 when Javier Arenas returned a punt 73 yards for a score .
" They jumped ahead of us early in the game .
I do n't think we gave them their due respect coming into the game , " Coffee said .
" That 's something we never should have allowed to happen . "
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
For thousands of years the definition of a day was easy enough : the length of time it takes for a full rotation of the Earth around its axis .
Since ancient times , clocks of various descriptions have helped us keep track .
But recently , clocks have become so accurate that it has emerged that the Earth 's rotation can take slightly longer or shorter than 24 hours .
That 's why the International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service ( IERS ) occasionally adds a " leap second " to the world 's timescale to keep internationally defined time and the Earth 's rhythms in synch .
As a result , thousands of organisations across the world will be adjusting their clocks from midnight .
Pip pip hooray
Here at the BBC , engineers have pre-programmed an extra " pip " into their atomic clocks , meaning they wo n't have to be at Broadcasting House when the New Year arrives .
There have been 23 leap seconds introduced since 1972 .
On each occasion , BBC engineers have had to add an extra pip at the stroke of midnight .
But the seven pips have rarely been heard because it is usually the bongs of Big Ben that bring in the New Year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
On one occasion , however , they did escape .
It happened during Radio 4 's Today programme on 17 September 2008 .
The pips - supposed to mark the formal beginning of the news bulletin - showed up six seconds late , and with one extra pip .
But this slight variation on such an ingrained national ritual did not go unnoticed ; presenter John Humphreys quipped : " Oh , the pips a little later there , but there we are - they arrived in the end .
It 's eight o'clock , just a teeny weeny bit after . "
I asked the BBC engineering team about this , and they said : " Well , the technical answer is that the bit of equipment that creates the pips ' threw a wobbly ' , " they explained .
" There was no other problems anywhere else in the system and a turn off and back on again fixed it , it has n't done anything similar since . "
New Year 's
Eve is proving particularly tricky for the engineers that look after Westminster Palace 's famous clock and bell , Big Ben , because they are having to introduce an extra second just before midnight .
It is especially important that Big Ben chimes on time because as well as bringing in the new year across the Nation , it will be heralding its 150th anniversary .
Old pennies help keep the Big Ben's Great Clock precisely on time The Great Clock , which dictates when Big Ben bongs , keeps its time with a swinging pendulum .
The pendulum can be adjusted by adding or removing weights that sit on top of it - weights that include old pre-decimal pennies .
By removing one , the clock slows down by 0.4 seconds over a 24 hour period .
Throughout the evening , the men who look after Big Ben , known as the Westminster Clockmakers , will be removing pennies to ensure that the bongs bong precisely on time .
According to the Keeper of the Great Clock , Michael McCann , there is no margin for error .
He says the world is looking to Big Ben to get it right because of its iconic status .
" It has been broadcast live around the world by the BBC for many , many years .
For the generation who lived through [ World War II ] , it was extremely famous for freedom , " he added .
Night and day
The ultimate guardian of the UK's time , however , is Peter Whibberley of the National Physical Laboratory - known to his colleagues as " the Time Lord " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In his timescale room , he looks after atomic clocks that are among the most precise clocks in the world ; accurate to within a billionth of a second over the course of a day .
Mr Whibberley represents the UK on the international panel that determines when the Earth 's rotation has fallen out of synch with atomic clocks , thus determining when a leap second is necessary .
Many countries want to scrap the leap second , arguing that the process of adding leap seconds to clocks and computer systems is expensive and time consuming .
But Peter Whibberley is resolutely against doing away with an extra pip now and again .
" Ultimately , over many hundreds of years if leap seconds were scrapped , the time of night and day would drift away from the time shown by our clocks , " he said .
" So if nothing was done to bring them back into line , night would be happening at midday as shown by the clocks . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Harper was jailed for his offences as a paedophile A convicted paedophile appeared in a tourist advertising brochure promoting a children 's attraction , the Forest of Dean Council has admitted .
David Harper , 66 , who was jailed for his offences , appears as the " Fat Controller " station master in an advert for a Thomas the Tank Engine ride .
The picture features in 50,000 copies of the Forest of Dean Tourist Guide .
A spokesman said : " It was a mistake and we hold our hands up .
We have ordered all of the images to be destroyed . "
Harper was sent to prison for eight years in 2007 after sexually abusing two boys aged 10 and 12 and placing 25,000 child porn images on his computer .
It is the character of the Fat Controller not the individual which is promoting the attraction
Steve Kendal , Forest of Dean Council
The council , which has ruled out recalling the brochures , has sent many across Britain at a cost of £ 25,000 .
Steve Kendal of the Forest of Dean Council said : " In terms of a recall , we discussed it , but it is horrendously expensive and will have huge implications for our tourist trade for the coming year .
" We in no way condone what that individual did but it is important to note that he was not captioned or named in the picture and it is the character of the Fat Controller not the individual which is promoting the attraction .
" The booklet is intended to attract people from outside the area , so it is unlikely that those not living here will be aware of this man 's background . "
Harper , of Monmouth , south Wales , admitted gross indecency with each of the two boys , 11 offences of making indecent images of children and one of distributing an indecent image , at Gloucester Crown Court in 2007 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Prince Harry has served with the army in Afghanistan Prince Harry 's racist remark about a Pakistani member of his army platoon has prompted widespread criticism .
The prince issued an apology after the News of the World published a video diary in which he calls one of his then Sandhurst colleagues a " Paki " .
An Army spokesperson said it took the allegations " very seriously " and were investigating .
Cabinet minister John Denham said it was " offensive " and the Ramadhan Foundation called the prince a " thug " .
St James 's Palace said he had used the term about a friend and without malice .
In a statement the Army said : " The Army does not tolerate inappropriate behaviour in any shape or form , " a spokesperson for the force added .
" All substantive allegations are investigated .
This specific case will be dealt with in line with normal Army procedures . "
' Unfortunate timing '
The prince filmed parts of the video and in another clip , he is heard calling another cadet a " raghead " .
Bullying and racism are not endemic in the Armed Forces
MOD spokeswoman
Profile : Prince Harry Reaction to prince 's racist term Prince 's apology for racist comment
He had to apologise in 2005 for wearing a swastika armband to a party , which offended many Jewish people .
The video obtained by the News of the World shows Harry while still an officer cadet at Sandhurst military academy .
It was filmed in front of other cadets at an airport departure lounge as they waited for a flight to Cyprus to go on manoeuvres .
The newspaper said the prince , who is third in line to the throne , had called the soldier " our little Paki friend " .
BBC royal correspondent Daniela Relph said this was an extremely embarrassing episode for the prince and the Royal Family .
She said the emergence of the three - year - old video was " unfortunate timing " for Harry , whose image had greatly improved since he served in Afghanistan last year .
Prince Harry and Ahmed Raza Khan , bottom , at Sandhurst in 2006 " That was a real step up for him , a real sense of maturity that people could see , " she said .
' No justification ' Politicians and Muslim groups are among those to have condemned the prince 's remarks .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said the words would have caused " considerable offence " , while Tory leader David Cameron said it was " a completely unacceptable thing to say " .
Mohammed Shafiq , director of Muslim youth organisation the Ramadhan Foundation said : " I am deeply shocked and saddened at Prince Harry 's racism .
It has no justification .
" Prince Harry as a public figure must ensure that he promotes equality and tolerance and this rant whether today or three years ago is sickening and he should be thoroughly ashamed of himself . "
Graham Smith from Republic , the campaign for an elected head of state said : " Harry Wales has not only demonstrated how he is unfit to be a possible future Head of State , he has shown he is n't even fit to be a leader in the armed forces . "
" It is high time Harry was stripped of his title and privileges and withdrew from public life . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A statement from St James 's Palace , with regards the term " Paki " , said : " Prince Harry fully understands how offensive this term can be , and is extremely sorry for any offence his words might cause .
" However , on this occasion three years ago , Prince Harry used the term without any malice and as a nickname about a highly popular member of his platoon .
" There is no question that Prince Harry was in any way seeking to insult his friend . "
The statement continued : " Prince Harry used the term ' raghead ' to mean Taleban or Iraqi insurgent . "
A man told BBC Radio Five Live the cadet concerned was his nephew , Ahmed Raza Khan , from Pakistan , who served with Prince Harry at Sandhurst for one year as a Commonwealth cadet .
Iftikhar Raja said his nephew , now a captain in the Pakistani army , would have risen above such terms and had not mentioned the incident to his family .
Mr Raja said : " At no time he told us that he was called Paki or he was a good friend of Prince Harry , I mean , although they served together that is true .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" But I myself am a British subject , I am proud to be British and if someone called me Pakistani I would be proud to be called that , but Paki is definitely a derogatory remark . "
He added : " We expect better from our Royal Family on whom we spend millions and millions of pounds for training and schooling . "
Captain Ahmed Raza Khan graduated with Harry from Sandhurst in 2006 receiving a special award from the Queen for being the best overseas officer cadet .
' Disturbing allegations '
The Army has been trying to recruit soldiers from ethnic minority backgrounds as these are currently under - represented in the services .
A spokeswoman for the Ministry of Defence said : " Neither the Army nor the Armed Forces tolerates inappropriate behaviour in any shape or form .
" The Army takes all allegations of inappropriate behaviour very seriously and all substantive allegations are investigated .
" We are not aware of any complaint having been made by the individual .
Bullying and racism are not endemic in the Armed Forces . "
A spokeswoman for the Equality and Human Rights Commission said : " These appear to be disturbing allegations and we will be asking the MoD to see the evidence , share that evidence with us and their plans for dealing with it .
" We will then consider what further action might be necessary . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The leopard does n't get as much attention as the other big cats , but it 's arguably the most beautiful .
I most admire its climbing ability and love watching them dart up trees and descend from them headfirst .
They 're not slow either .
Leopards have been clocked at speeds up to approximately 60 kilometres ( 37 miles ) an hour .
The smallest of the four big cats ( tiger , lion and jaguar ) , the leopard primarily resides in sub-Saharan Africa .
There are also fragmented populations in Pakistan , India , Indochina , Malaysia , and China .
Due to the loss of range and continual declines in population , the cat has been downgraded to “ near threatened ” species .
These awesome photos come to us from Beverly Joubert , who was born in South Africa in 1957 .
She began her career in photography in Botswana 's famous Savute region , where with her husband , film director Dereck Joubert , she began making natural history films .
Her work has appeared many times in National Geographic magazine , as well as in over a hundred magazines worldwide .
Purchase Beverly Joubert 's prints here courtesy of 2photo.ru
DETROIT -- General Motors Corp. is suing a bankrupt parts supplier in an effort to recoup parts and equipment it needs to build the new Chevrolet Camaro muscle car -- and avoid another potentially costly setback .
The auto maker , struggling to stay afloat amid a crippling liquidity crisis , said it stands to lose millions of dollars if the parts and tooling are n't returned immediately by Cadence Innovation LLC , of Troy , Mich .
Without ...
Still dominated after nearly three decades by their authoritarian president , Robert Mugabe , Zimbabweans are now enduring their seventh straight year of hunger .
This largely man-made crisis , occasionally worsened by drought and erratic rains , has been brought on by catastrophic agricultural policies , sweeping economic collapse and a ruling party that has used farmland and food as weapons in its ruthless  and so far successful  quest to hang on to power .
But this year is different .
This year , the hunger is much worse .
The survey conducted by the United Nations World Food Program in October found a shocking deterioration in the past year alone .
The survey , recently provided to international donors , found that the proportion of people who had eaten nothing the previous day had risen to 12 percent from zero , while those who had consumed only one meal had soared to 60 percent from only 13 percent last year .
For almost three months , from June to August , Mr. Mugabe banned international charitable organizations from operating , depriving more than a million people of food and basic aid after the country had already suffered one of its worst harvests .
Mr. Mugabe defended the suspension by arguing that some Western aid groups were backing his political rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , who bested him at the polls in March but withdrew before a June 27 runoff .
But civic groups and analysts said Mr. Mugabe ’s real motive was to clear rural areas of witnesses to his military - led crackdown on opposition supporters and to starve those supporters .
Image Standford Nhira , 46 , a farmer in Mashonaland , Zimbabwe , survives on the meager diet of a few vegetables , wild fruit and insects .
Credit ...
The New York Times
The country ’s intertwined political and humanitarian crises have become ever more grave  with a cholera epidemic sweeping the nation , its health , education and sanitation systems in ruins and power - sharing talks at an impasse .
Meanwhile , Mr. Mugabe has blamed Western sanctions , largely aimed at senior members of his government , for the country ’s woes .
The girl was flown to hospital after being rescued from the river beneath the bridge about 9.15 am .
Homicide squad Detective Inspector Steve Clark said the alleged murder occurred at 9.10 am - peak travel time - on the city - bound side of the bridge , close to the top .
It allegedly took place so quickly " no one had the opportunity to intervene " , he said .
" He 's got straight out of the car and taken the young girl and walked to the edge of the bridge , so that would have happened in a matter of seconds , " Detective Inspector Clark said .
" Fortunately , the water police were here within 10 minutes so she was given medical attention fairly quickly .
" It 's a dreadful set of circumstances and often you think you 've seen it all and you have n't . "
A man believed to be the father of the girl was arrested outside the Commonwealth Law Courts building at the corner of La Trobe and William streets about 10.30 am .
A caller to Radio 3 AW said he saw four or five police officers , including one with his gun drawn , surround a man on the ground outside the court building .
Police and paramedics were called to the courts building after staff noticed the man 's " distressed state " .
' Had enough '
A member of the court 's staff said the man was crying and looked like " he 'd had enough " .
He had two other children , aged 6 and 8 , with him and witnesses said he begged security guards to " take my kids " .
The man was seen to approach court security guards and ask them : " Can you take my kids for me ? "
About half - an - hour later , the couple saw the arrival of a woman they believed to be the mother of the two boys , who subsequently took them away .
Another witness saw four police officers , two of them holding evidence bags , lead the handcuffed man to a waiting divisional van .
Shaking violently
The man , who she described as balding , was " shaking violently " .
Detective Inspector Clark urged witnesses to phone Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .
- with Kate Hagan , Andrea Petrie and Erdem Koch .
* Support is available for anyone who may be distressed by calling SANE Helpline 1800 18 7263 ; Lifeline 131 114 ; Salvo Crisis Line - 9331 2000 ; beyondblue 1300 22 46 36 .
THE FAILURE EMPIRE : BOB GREENE RAKES IT IN , OPRAH FAILS
By Byron J. Richards , CCN
January 28 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
The scene is comic : Bob Greene sitting next to Oprah on her TV show , kicking off the New Year , as Oprah tries to explain to her viewing audience why she gained forty pounds – again .
Not once did she turn to Greene and say , “ Bob , I guess your program is just a bit too hard to follow , something must be wrong with it . ”
This spectacle first caught my attention in December when Oprah made her weight - gain story national news by featuring her balloon ride to 200 pounds in the January issue of her Oprah magazine .
As she talked about her weight problems on her TV show it became obvious that her story coincided with a sales pitch for Bob Greene ’s new cookbook , which goes along with his Oprah - sponsored diet book .
I see from some of the news stories that I am not the only one who thinks this is bizarre .
However , it is an interesting case study for future university - level marketing classes in how to market utter failure .
As one of the top clinical nutritionists in the country , the oddities of this story began to perk my interest .
After reading through the gibberish in the January Oprah magazine and sitting through my first ever entire Oprah TV show , I went out and bought a copy of Greene ’s diet book .
Within moments of reading the book it was easy to visualize my working title for this article , “ Why Bob Greene ’s Diet Fails Oprah . ”
Upon further research a new question entered my mind , “ Is there anything Bob Greene wo n’t do for money ? ”
I thought it was peculiar that Oprah was introducing Bob Greene as her long time friend and trainer , while allowing him to portray himself as a nutrition expert .
Why was n’t she introducing him in a factual way : “ I just want to let all of you know that Bob Greene is part of Oprah , Inc .
He doubles as my property manager for my 102 acre estate in Hawaii and together we have purchased a total of six other oceanfront properties nearby ( one for a Bob Greene house , one for an Oprah guest house , and four to be left vacant ) .
We have made over ten million dollars on the diet book that has resulted in my dieting failure .
And Bob has made millions more promoting McDonalds and other junk food companies on my coattails .
In fact , I ’ve personally made Bob Greene a multi-millionaire many times over and I just ca n’t tell you how thrilled I am that I ’ve gained back forty pounds while being an expert in , advocate of , and profiting from his advice . ”
The New York Times interviewed him just before he and Oprah did their joint promotional webcast on January 12 , a webcast that somehow managed an extremely accurate title : “ Falling Off the Wagon With Bob Greene . ”
He told the paper , “ It does n’t bother me in the least , everyone knows she follows my plan , but when she does n’t , she gains weight , and when she does , it ’s the only thing that works for her .
It ’s a very positive thing for me and book sales are n’t suffering . ”
Bob , that is not exactly what everyone knows .
Oprah ’s two big weight - loss experiences came on a liquid diet and by starving herself , not from following your diet and reaching an ideal weight .
In fact Bob , following your diet is next to impossible – which is why Oprah so easily goes off it – and this simple fact is directly your responsibility and the fault of your diet program .
Furthermore , Oprah ’s following your program has resulted in her having a significant increased risk for breast cancer , diabetes , heart disease , and early death – nice friend .
Before I explain some of the many flaws in the Bob Greene diet approach , I first must get back to the subject of Oprah , Inc .
Please Don’t Super Size Me
I met Bob Greene briefly back in 2004 .
At the time , I did a popular one - hour segment every Wednesday morning on the local CBS radio station in Minneapolis ( WCCO ) .
The host of the program was the local media celebrity , Pat Miles .
It was a very popular program as I answered non -stop call - in questions about how to use vitamins to fix your health – while continually pointing out the pitfalls of medications .
The listening audience was a bit older , based on the high popularity of the radio station for many decades .
One day the show producer told me that next Wednesday we would be broadcasting from the Mall of America and I would be joined by Oprah ’s trainer , Bob Greene .
I ’d never heard of Bob Greene and I did n’t know why he was coming – but it was n’t long before I found myself in the middle of a rather surreal experience .
I showed up a few minutes before broadcast time .
A typical WCCO crowd was filing in and taking up chairs , getting ready for the program .
I asked the producer where Bob Greene was and she pointed to the children ’s play area / stage about 200 yards away .
There was quite a crowd of little children and their mothers – making a lot of noise .
As show time approached this crowd started moving towards the broadcast stage .
In the front of the pack was Bob Greene , playing the role of the Pied Piper .
And then my brain went almost numb – flanking him was none other than Ronald McDonald – dressed to the hilt .
I had no idea what was going on .
The producer introduced me to Bob Greene and we sat down next to each other on stage .
We had a few minutes so I attempted some shop talk .
I mentioned how interesting all the new science on uncoupling proteins was , and that it was a huge breakthrough for exercise and weight loss ( which I thought was his expertise ) .
His eyes glossed over and he ignored my comment entirely , making an unrelated comment about the day .
I thought to myself , “ A fitness expert that does n’t keep up with his own subject . ”
( Note : Uncoupling proteins are activated in muscle with a combination of sustained aerobics , healthy leptin function , and nutrients like Q10 – resulting in disposal of calories as heat without any adverse cardio effects . )
The program began and Bob launched into his promotion of McDonalds and how he was going to reach so many people with a health message and partnership .
He was going to turn McDonalds addicts into salad eaters .
As the audience began asking questions it was apparent that his knowledge of weight loss was extremely limited – based on exercising more and eating less fat – and mostly exercising more .
His message fell on deaf ears for the WCCO crowd – who in many cases were lucky to be exercising at all .
All the while this was going on Ronald McDonald kept jumping around in the background – either suffering from hyper-stimulation from the chemical flavorings in the McDonalds food he must have eaten that morning or in dire need of some ADD medication .
The whole scene was beyond comprehension .
Advertisement
I wonder what I might have said if I had known what the program was going to be .
As it was , I bit my tongue out of respect for the radio station , which was obviously being paid by McDonalds to do this .
I could n’t believe I was sitting on stage with a phony health advocate who actually thought people would eat salad when they went to McDonalds – a place that in my opinion epitomizes the evil empire of junk food that is causing disease in America .
It was n’t until I started doing research for this article that I even understood what happened that day .
McDonalds was having a PR dilemma expecting extreme negative publicity from the film Super Size Me .
They teamed up with Bob Greene to help promote his new book , offering a 60 % off coupon the day he went on Oprah and promoted his new book , his salad campaign with McDonalds , and his bike trip across the Southern United States where he would be stopping at various McDonalds locations .
After that day ’s Oprah appearance Bob Greene sold 50,000 copies of his book – and that was just the start .
McDonalds struck a PR gold mine , using Bob Greene and Oprah to get 1 billion favorable media impressions , which completely negated the effect of Super Size Me on their sales .
For its part , McDonalds produced 8 million promo flyers for Bob Greene ’s book .
The program was a financial win-win for McDonalds and Bob Greene – but not for little children .
The Bob Greene campaign was dreamed up to lure young mothers into McDonalds under the guise of eating a salad , who would bring their children for junk food feeding .
And so it is that a pretend health expert , acting like the Pied Piper , helped keep children coming to McDonalds , and on the fast track to obesity and diabetes .
On this point alone , Bob Greene should be banished from the national health scene .
The Bob Greene Business Model
Bob Greene ’s business model is based on endorsement deals that provide a link to the Oprah marketing machine via Bob Greene .
This is not a small - time operation .
He has a lot of large corporate sponsors – which invariably means fake foods masquerading as health foods .
The foods he promotes are laden with metabolically disrupting amounts of soy ( which is often genetically modified ) , highly processed ingredients , sugar , high fructose corn syrup , Splenda , artificial flavors , and various chemicals .
There are so many anti-metabolites in the foods he promotes that it is a wonder any person ’s metabolism would n’t gag to a halt eating the foods he promotes for profit .
His business could n’t be better .
After his recent exposure on Oprah he has now secured a new two - year deal on another product - Nestlé Pure Life brand bottled water , a line of water that is not quite so pure , as it uses Splenda as a sweetener .
Scientific evidence clearly shows that Splenda significantly alters healthy digestive balance .
If Bob Greene knew anything about nutrition he would know that such a problem will help cause food cravings and obesity – as well as other potentially serious digestive problems .
I guess this will now be Bob ’s beverage of choice .
Bob Greene is Nutritionally Deficient
One of the themes of Bob Greene ’s diet is that you walk around all day in a self - introspected condition while carrying on a psycho- babble conversation with yourself .
Obviously you are an emotionally defunct , weak - willpowered individual .
Therefore , you must get to the bottom of your deep - rooted emotional disturbances .
Keep yourself focused :
What are you hungry for ?
Why are you overweight ?
Why have you been unable to maintain weight loss in the past ?
Why do you want to lose weight ?
What in your life is not working ?
( This last question must have been ripped off from another Oprah weight - loss guru , Dr. Phil . )
You have to keep yourself introspected all day long because the hunger pains are never going to go away on Bob Greene ’s plan .
Why ?
When you eat all the snacks , carbohydrates , sweeteners , and artificial sweeteners he thinks you should have so that you do n’t feel deprived – you will never get over your addictive problems with food .
You have leptin receptors on your taste buds and they can no longer tell which end is up .
This means you are stuck craving and eating more food than you really need because you have a misguided sense of fullness based entirely on his high carbohydrate , sugar - and - sweetener - laden plan .
Since you ’ll never get rid of these ghosts on Bob ’s plan , you better assign their cause to the lack of love you felt as a child – and if you happened to have had a great childhood then you better figure out what else is whacked out in your head .
And then you can just keep focusing on that when you are hungry .
The only other alternative would be for Bob Greene to give up all of his endorsements , so that you could un - addict yourself from highly processed garbage “ health ” food that he promotes , which is loaded with addiction - enforcing chemicals .
Bob is trying his best to improve his neophyte understanding of nutrition .
On page 152 of the January Oprah magazine he makes a rather feeble attempt to explain the pleasure of eating and dopamine levels in your brain – as if such information is brand new .
I recall giving a lecture back in 2005 to the American Society of Bariatric Physicians titled , “ Thyroid , Food Addiction , and the Metabolically Unfit Fat Cell . ”
Back then , I explained the science on how dopamine - related problems fuel food addiction and cravings , and what needed to be done to solve the problem .
The issue of dopamine and pleasure is very problematic for dietician - minded “ experts ” like Bob Greene .
The information means that you have to have some saturated fat in your diet while you are losing weight , much more than a dietician or Bob Greene ever recommends , or the next time you are under high stress and your adrenals start crashing you will eat a bowl of ice cream , a bag of potato chips or corn chips ( like Oprah ) , or you will be off to McDonalds or your other favorite junk food stop – so that you can get a pleasure fix to stop the acute trauma in your brain .
Diets that lack saturated fat set you up for this problem – as well as forcing you to overeat carbohydrates in an attempt to satisfy the lack of dopamine - related pleasure resulting from the lack of saturated fat in your diet .
In other words , you may be able to stay with a low saturated fat diet as long as you do n’t get too stressed .
As soon as stress levels get too high , you must have salt and fat to calm your brain down .
This relieves the feeling of stress in the short term , but it is a disaster to your weight - loss efforts .
The combination of adequate saturated fat with increased soluble fiber will make you much more resistant to stress - induced binges .
After Bob Greene attempts to explain dopamine , on the next page he gives you his diet strategies for improvement , which all center on reducing saturated fat intake .
His advice sounds fine on the surface , but it sets you up for eating binges .
People do n’t live in stress - free bubbles .
The only way anyone could lose weight on Bob Greene ’s diet is if whatever they were doing before they started his plan was far worse – which lucky for Bob is a lot of people like the 237 pound Oprah of many years ago .
The low protein nature of his diet means that you will lose muscle and bone while doing it , even though he has you exercising ( you ’ll just end up more tired rather than more fit ) .
This sets you up for yo - yo dieting , like his prize student , Oprah .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Sure Oprah had a tough childhood .
And she maintains an incredibly demanding and stressful schedule .
And now her metabolism has taken another numbing hit from menopause .
And she has a terrible yo - yo diet history .
Bob Greene is clogging her thyroid with soy .
And he has her addicted to the sweet garbage that he ’s promoting .
Over the years , his diet has made her insulin resistance and leptin resistance much worse .
He ’s increasing her risk for disease .
And Bob Greene is totally out of his league .
Related reading :
From the WSJ : RBS CEO 's Exit Is Likely As Part of U.K. Purchase .
On Sunday night , bankers and officials expected to work through the night again to put in place details of the plan they hoped to announce before the market opens Monday .
...
On Sunday night , a spokesman for the London Stock Exchange said the market would be open for trading as usual .
The UK announcement is expected around 7 AM London Time ( 2 AM ET , 11 PM PT ) .
We are still waiting for Morgan Stanley too .
Here is the current London Time : Index Futures from Barchart.com ( active futures have a time not a date )
As if Australians were n't riled up enough over their government 's Internet filtering initiative , the level of discontent has risen amid recent revelations that certain filters will not be optional , as citizens were first led to believe .
Criticism is building against Australia 's Communications Minister Stephen Conroy , and now Australia 's ISPs are joining the dogpile .
The Australian government first unveiled its filtering initiative in 2007 , expected to cost AUS $ 189 million to implement .
The money would be used to help ISPs cope with filtering requirements using the Australian Communications and Media Authority 's official blacklist , which is , in turn , based on the country 's National Classification Scheme .
Despite widespread public outcry , Australia began testing the system in Tasmania earlier this year .
At the time , the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) claimed that the filters would be enabled by default , but that consumers would be able to request unfiltered connectivity if they wished to opt out of the program .
In October , however , it came to light that those claims were only partially true .
It turns out that there were actually two blacklists — one that filters what the Australian government deems illegal , and one that acts as an " additional material " blacklist that targets content inappropriate for children .
Users in the tests could only opt out of the " additional material " blacklist ; the original blacklist for vaguely - defined " illegal " content would be required for all users .
When this news came out , a spokesperson for the Australian Communications Minister confirmed that the filters would be required for all Australian citizens .
That brings us to where we are today .
Michael Malone , an executive at iiNet , one of Australia 's big ISPs , referred to the filtering trials as " ridiculous , " according to The Age .
Still , he plans to participate in them when they start on December 24 ?
Why ?
Because he hopes to provide the Australian government with actual data on the pointlessness of such a system .
" They 're not listening to the experts , they 're not listening to the industry , they 're not listening to consumers , so perhaps some hard numbers will actually help , " Malone said .
Malone went on to say that the filters were simple to bypass , would not even look at P2P traffic , and would significantly impact network speeds .
Other ISPs in Australia seem to be skeptical about the tests as well — both Optus and Telstra are " reviewing " the government 's plan and will decide at a later date whether to participate .
Of course , hard numbers from iiNet may not help as much as Malone thinks , as the government previously funded three separate studies that showed ISP - level filtering to be ineffective and more costly than other alternatives .
The government appears to already know the system does n't work , and does n't care .
During a Senate questioning session , Communications Minister Conroy avoided answering questions about the dual filtering system and comparisons to countries like China and Saudi Arabia .
" We are aware of technical concerns with filtering technology , and that is why we are conducting a pilot , to put these claims to the test , " Conroy said , according to The Age .
When pressed about how the government would define " unwanted content , " Conroy pulled a Sarah Palin and simply stated that he could n't answer those questions but that he would get back to the Senate with more info .
Malone had some harsh parting words for Conroy .
" This is the worst Communications Minister we 've had in the 15 years since the [ internet ] industry has existed , " he said .
Ouch .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
December 3 , 2008
In the wake of Mumbai , Congress has decided to add to the terrorism hype by releasing yet another facetious report .
“ A bipartisan commission empanelled by Congress released a report today saying that terrorists are likely to carry out a weapons - of - mass - destruction attack somewhere in the world in the next five years , ” reports CNS News .
“ The commission concluded that the terrorists are more likely to use biological weapons than nuclear weapons and that the United States is not prepared for such an attack . ”
Shoko Asahara of the 10,000 - strong Aum Shinrikyo cult .
Aum ’s multi-million dollar attempt to kill thousands with aerosolized liquid anthrax in Tokyo was a total failure .
Bush ’s Homeland Security Council envisions “ terrorists driving a truck with a concealed sprayer [ that ] would infect five different U.S. metropolitan areas with anthrax in two waves of attacks conducted two weeks apart . ”
As with most government issued terrorist scenarios , this one is pure and unadulterated bunk .
In “ Busting the Anthrax Myth ” by Fred Burton and Scott Stewart , such brazen idiocy is put to rest .
Burton and Stewart write that “ obtaining a biological agent is fairly simple .
Isolating a virulent strain and then weaponizing that strain is somewhat more difficult .
But the key to biological warfare — effectively distributing a weaponized agent to the intended target — is the really difficult part of the process . ”
Anyone planning a biological attack against a large target such as a city needs to be concerned about a host of factors such as dilution , wind velocity and direction , particle size and weight , the susceptibility of the disease to ultraviolet light , heat , dryness or even rain .
Small - scale localized attacks such as the 2001 anthrax letters or the 1984 salmonella attack undertaken by the Bhagwan Shri Rajneesh cult are far easier to commit .
Somebody needs to remind the Homeland Security Council of the failure of the Japanese cult group Aum Shinrikyo .
In the late 1980s , Aum managed to hire a team of trained scientists and spent millions of dollars to cook up a batch of botulinum toxin in state - of - the - art biological weapons research and production laboratories .
In April , 1990 , the group used three trucks rigged up with aerosol sprayers and released a massive amount of toxin on targets that included the Imperial Palace , the National Diet of Japan , the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo , two U.S. naval bases and the airport in Narita .
It was a total failure .
Aum had wanted to kick off a global Armageddon but their feeble attack did not result in mass casualties .
In fact , beyond the members of the Aum cult , nobody was even aware an attack had taken place .
“ When the botulinum operations failed to produce results , Aum ’s scientists went back to the drawing board and retooled their biological weapons facilities to produce anthrax , ” write Burton and Stewart .
“ By mid-1993 , they were ready to launch attacks involving anthrax ; between June and August of 1993 , the group sprayed thousands of gallons of aerosolized liquid anthrax in Tokyo .
This time , Aum not only employed its fleet of sprayer trucks but also used aerosol sprayers mounted on the roof of their headquarters to disperse a cloud of aerosolized anthrax over the city .
Again , the attacks produced no results and were not even noticed .
It was only after the group ’s successful 1995 subway attacks using sarin nerve agent that a Japanese government investigation discovered that the 1990 and 1993 biological attacks had occurred . ”
In other words , the technology required is beyond the reach of terrorists , especially fumbling cave - dwelling terrorists of the sort that attempt to bring down airliners with shoe bombs .
Aum ’s “ team worked in large , modern laboratory facilities to produce substantial quantities of biological weapons , ” not caves or huts in remote tribal villages in Pakistan , and yet they were unable to dispense biological agents effectively .
Operating in the badlands along the Pakistani - Afghan border , al Qaeda cannot easily build large modern factories capable of producing large quantities of agents or toxins .
Such fixed facilities are expensive and consume a lot of resources .
Even if al Qaeda had the spare capacity to invest in such facilities , the fixed nature of them means that they could be compromised and quickly destroyed by the United States .
If al Qaeda could somehow create and hide a fixed biological weapons facility in Pakistan ’s Federally Administered Tribal Areas or North - West Frontier Province , it would still face the daunting task of transporting large quantities of biological agents from the Pakistani badlands to targets in the United States or Europe .
Al Qaeda operatives certainly can create and transport small quantities of these compounds , but not enough to wreak the kind of massive damage it desires .
Even so , the Homeland Security Council offers the following absurd scenario :
This scenario describes a single aerosol [ anthrax ] attack in one city delivered by a truck using a concealed improvised spraying device in a densely populated urban city with a significant commuter workforce .
It does not , however , exclude the possibility of multiple attacks in disparate cities or time - phased attacks ( i.e. ‘ reload ’ ) .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
For federal planning purposes , it will be assumed that the Universal Adversary ( UA ) will attack five separate metropolitan areas in a sequential manner .
Three cities will be attacked initially , followed by two additional cities 2 weeks later .
It is possible that a Bio - Watch [ atmospheric sensor ] signal would be received and processed , but this is not likely to occur until the day after the release .
The first cases of anthrax would begin to present to Emergency Rooms ( ERs ) approximately 36 hours post - release , with rapid progression of symptoms and fatalities in untreated ( or inappropriately treated ) patients .
Nonsense .
Obviously , this is a transparent effort to scare an ill - informed public into supporting the real “ Universal Adversary , ” the government and the corporatized military - intelligence complex .
The release of this preposterous “ report ” arrives not coincidentally on the heels of the horrific Mumbai attacks , when images of rampaging terrorists wantonly killing innocents remains fresh in the minds of the unwitting public .
It also follows closely the announcement by Def. Sec. Gates that the Pentagon will deploy troops around the country , supposedly to help in case of a terrorist attack .
It is an attempt to stampede the public into accepting the emerging police state and continued erosion of liberty .
It has nothing to do with preventing a terrorist attack or safeguarding the populace .
It is a parlor trick not only designed to get people to accept the high - tech surveillance state apparatus now going into place , but also accept the continued militarization of local law enforcement and the deployment of 20,000 military troops around the country .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
International Environmental Court to Punish Countries for Crimes Against the Environment
The latest idea being floated around in the global warming arena is an international kangaroo court to punish nations and also private companies for what they will deem are crimes against the environment .
Stephen Hockman QC is proposing a body similar to the International Court of Justice in The Hague to be the supreme legal authority on issues regarding the environment .
The first role of the new body would be to enforce international agreements on cutting greenhouse gas emissions set to be agreed next year .
“ Its remit will be overall climate change and the need for better regulation of carbon emissions but at the same time the implementation and enforcement of international environmental agreements and instruments . ”
Which countries do you think that this new international court will target to levy fines and regulations on ?
I think that we know the answer to that , the rich ones .
This is nothing but an attempt at globalized socialism .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is open to the possibility of selling out his country ’s sovereignty to these environment extortionists , let ’s hope that President Obama will not also consider handing over ANY jurisdiction to ANY foreign authority , especially for such a blatant and obvious hoax such as this .
I have written time and time again about this scam being nothing but an attempt to steal the personal choices from the people , and to raise the tax burden on the people and now we are seeing the possibility of an international court to crack down on these enviro - crimes .
What further proof do you need ?
A single , international court that will try countries , AND COMPANIES for high crimes and misdemeanors against the environment , but who decides what one of these “ crimes ” are ?
We had better wake up and wake up fast .
The four passive components of electronics are the resistor , capacitor , inductor and the memristor , which was discovered only a few months ago .
Memristors ( from memory - resistors , geddit ? ) are resistors whose resistance depends on their past .
In that sense they remember the past or , as an electronics engineer might put it , they store information .
So new are memristors that nobody has had much time to think about what they might be useful for .
That ’s changing quickly .
A couple of months back we saw how they could be used to make neural nets that mimic the “ intelligent ” behaviour of slime mould .
Now Tom Driscoll and buddies at the University of California , San Diego have shown how memristors could work as low cost , high density memory .
It turns out that a thin film of vanadium oxide acts like a memrister when a current is passed through it .
At a certain critical temperature , the current triggers a phase change in the film , turning it from an insulator to a metal - like conductor .
And that significantly changes it ’s resistance in a way that can be measured for hours afterwards .
In effect , the resistor stores a singe bit of information .
Driscoll calls it resistive random access memory or RRAM , in which information is stored in the form of material resistance , which can be changed by an applied voltage .
Other substances , such as titanium oxide , also display similar memristive behaviour which could be adpated for memory related applications .
And work is on going to characterise these .
Expect to hear a lot more about them this year .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0901.0899 : Phase - Transition Driven Memristive System
Over 100 cars were set on fire and police and emergency service workers were attacked in a number of places , but the New Year celebrations in the Netherlands passed off without serious incident , the Telegraaf reports .
In The Hague , news agency ANP reports that some 48 cars were burned out .
But mayor Jozias van Aartsen told the paper he believed the celebrations were more muted than last year .
Nor were riot police brought in to restore order , the mayor pointed out .
In Zuidland , near Rotterdam , a group of 150 youths attacked police with bottles , stones and fireworks .
But the festival on the Meuse river , attended by some 20,000 people , was peaceful , the Telegraaf said .
In total , 30 people were arrested in the Rotterdam region .
There were 60 arrests in Amsterdam , mainly for minor offences , but police pointed out this is just double the normal number of arrests on a Saturday night .
The Dam square concert went off without any trouble , and some 1,000 people turned up to watch the traditional Floradorp Christmas trees blaze in Amsterdam Noord .
In Utrecht some 50 cars were set on fire and a sports hall in Vianen burned down .
There were 87 arrests but no major disturbances , a spokesman for the emergency services told news agency ANP .
There was more serious trouble in the village of Veen in Brabant , traditionally a New Year ’s eve hotspot , the Telegraaf said .
A number of arrests were made in the village of 2,400 people after a group of up to 100 youths tried to set cars on fire .
Police and justice ministry officials had vowed to get tough on New Year troublemakers this year , with fast - track court hearings and more camera surveillance .
Insurance companies also plan to recoup damages cames from people convicted of vandalism .
The 47 ” LG 47LC7DF HDTV brings theater quality , high resolution images right into your living room !
This set ’s HD resolution , aspect correction and contrast ration ensure that your media will all come through in boldcolor , with no annoying artifacts to blur the images .
The XD Engine boosts low - resolution analog signals and reduces signal noise , so you ’ll enjoy near - HD - quality images , even with analog input !
The built - in ATSC tuner lets you receive broadcast digital signal without using a set - top box , so you have everything you need to get bright , gorgeous picture .
The set even adjusts automatically for room lighting conditions !
The integrated sound system features a pair of high - quality 10 - watt speakers and a Dolby Digital decoder ; 5 - mode EZ Sound settings , as well as individual controls for Bass , Treble , and Balance ; Auto Volume Leveling ( AVL ) ; and SRS TruSurround XT sound technology .
You ’ll have a soundscape customized to your environment , preferences , and media .
SimpLink technology allows easy control of other SimpLink components over the HDMI connection , so you ’ll have less remote to fumble with !
The LG 47LC7DF makes it so easy to have a cinema - quality experience without leaving your own comfy sofa !
In a meeting last month with the Barack Obama ’s transition staff , representatives of the nation ’s top prosecutors caught a glimpse of the president - elect ’s thinking on the politically fraught issue of what to do with the the current 93 U.S. attorneys .
“ [ The president - elect ] is going to be smart and be cautious .
My gut feeling is it wo n’t be like it was in 1993 , ” said U.S. Attorney Johnny Sutton of Texas ’ Western District , a member of the Attorney General ’s Advisory Committee of U.S. Attorneys .
On Dec. 11 , Sutton and 15 other members of the committee met with Obama ’s DOJ transition chief , David Ogden , and his staff at the Justice Department to advise them on law enforcement issues and to point out areas the committee believes require special attention .
At the meeting , Ogden briefly discussed the U.S. attorney issue , though he said he had had no role in deciding who stays and who goes , according to one committee member .
Ogden , a partner at Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr , is reportedly the leading candidate for the Justice Department 's No. 2 spot .
Sutton declined to characterize Ogden ’s comments but said he left the meeting with the impression that the president - elect will address the U.S. attorneys individually .
“ I think they ’re going to work on a case - by - case basis , ” said Sutton , who as a member of the Bush - Cheney transition took part in similar meetings before he was a committee member .
A Justice Department official declined to discuss the committee 's recommendations to the transition staff or Ogden 's comments regarding the fate of the current set of U.S. attorneys .
" It was a productive , informational meeting , " the official said .
The transition team also met with members of the civil chiefs working group and members of the criminal chiefs working group , which are extensions of the advisory committee .
The last two administrations suffered political wounds for their handling of U.S. attorneys .
The Justice Department is still recovering from the scandal over the firings of nine U.S. attorneys in President George W. Bush ’s second term , and President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno were panned for sacking 92 of them in 1993 , a move critics said disrupted the continuity of leadership in the U.S. attorneys offices during the transition .
At least one U.S. attorney is destined to hold his job well past Jan. 20 .
Obama has said publicly he will retain Patrick Fitzgerald , of Illinois ’ Northern District , who is supervising the criminal case against Gov. Rod Blagojevich .
Obama Plans to Overturn Bush Executive Orders
" As a candidate , Senator Obama said that he wanted all the Bush executive orders reviewed , and decide which ones should be kept , and which ones should be repealed , and which ones should be amended , " said Podesta , who served as White House chief of staff under President Bill Clinton .
" Across the board , whether it 's national security , the economy , the senior leadership that will manage health care , energy and the environment , I think he intends to move very quickly , " Podesta told Chris Wallace on Fox News .
John Podesta ( Photo courtesy Obama transition team )
" They want to have oil and gas drilling in some of the most sensitive , fragile lands in Utah that they 're going to try to do right as they - walking out the door .
I think that 's a mistake , " Podesta said .
On election day , the Bush administration announced that it will open up about 360,000 acres of Utah public lands to oil and gas drilling in its December lease sale .
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management did not publish details of the 241 proposed oil and gas parcels , but some are believed to be near national parks and monuments such as Arches National Park and Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah .
Preliminary site lists show the leases for sale in December would include large areas considered worthy of wilderness status .
BLM Utah State Director Selma Sierra said Thursday that the parcels " have been set aside for a number of years pending completion of resource management plans for six field offices . "
Five of those plans were signed by the Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Stephen Allred last week in Washington , triggering the leasing decisions contained in the plans .
" These decisions represent far more stringent environmental protections than existed in old plans or that have ever been imposed by any BLM Utah plan .
In other words , these new environmental restrictions provide many layers of safeguards to prevent environmental damage to sensitive natural resources .
So lands previously set aside are now available for leasing , but with stricter - than - ever controls , " said Sierra .
But environmentalists are opposed to any further oil and gas development in the Red Rock country of southern Utah .
Dirty Devil proposed wilderness in southern Utah ( Photo © Ray Bloxham courtesy SUWA )
Scott Groene , executive director of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance , which has fought to keep oil and gas development out of wilderness areas , views the Obama presidency as " the best opportunity for wilderness protection in SUWA 's 25 year history . "
" We will encourage the new Secretary of Interior and staff at the Bureau of Land Managementto protect southern Utah 's wilderness , including such places as Labyrinth Canyon , the Dirty Devil , the San Rafael Swell and Cedar Mesa , " said Groene .
Groene wants review of what he terms , " disastrous last minute Bush administration decisions for legal violations , including the six awful land use plans the administration just approved , which open millions of acres of redrock wilderness to oil and gas leasing and ORVs . "
He wants the Obama administration to give " meaningful protection to the redrock , by re-instating the process , born under President Clinton and killed by the Bush administration , that gives Wilderness Study Area protection to lands identified by the BLM as having wilderness character . "
His wish list includes reform of the BLM , which Groene says " manages more of our most spectacular western public lands than any other agency and which folded like a house of cards in a tornado to anti-wilderness interests under pressure from Bush appointees . "
Podesta said the Obama team is looking at " virtually every agency to see where we can move forward , whether that 's on energy transformation , on improving health care , on stem cell research . "
Podesta said a president can do a great deal using his executive authority without waiting for congressional action .
" I think we 'll see the president do that to try to restore a sense that the country is working on behalf of the common good , " he said .
Environmental advocates are looking to the incoming administration with hope .
Frances Beinecke , president of the Natural Resources Defense Council , said November 4 , ' The election of Barack Obama represents a new day for environmentalists .
His election brings an end to eight years of unrelenting assaults on the environment . "
" Our staff and members are ready to work with President - elect Obama and the new Congress to advance his ' New Energy for America Plan , ' which includes creating five million clean technology jobs , putting a million hybrid cars on the road , and capping carbon emissions , " said Beinecke .
Podesta was one of several members of the Obama 's top leaders who appeared on Sunday TV talk shows across the broadcast band .
Today President - elect Obama and Michelle Obama are meeting with President George W. and Laura Bush at the White House .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - A California woman shocked doctors by giving birth on Monday to octuplets , believed to be only the second set of eight babies born in the United States .
The six boys and two girls were doing well and were in stable condition in the neonatal intensive care unit , said Dr. Karen Maples at the Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in the Los Angeles suburb of Bellflower .
But two needed some help to breath with ventilators , she told a press conference .
The eight babies were born nine weeks prematurely by Caesarean section over a five - minute period , stunning a 46 - member medical team that was expecting only seven babies .
They weighed between 1 pound 8 ounces ( 680 grams ) and 3 pounds 4 ounces ( 1.47 kg ) and doctors initially identified them by the letters A through H as they were born .
“ We decided to proceed with the delivery in anticipation of seven babies .
We had done some drills , some preliminary dry runs , ” Maples said .
“ Lo and behold , after we got to Baby G , which is what we expected , we were surprised by Baby H. ”
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Maples said she had been following the mother , who was not identified , since the first trimester of her pregnancy .
Citing patient confidentiality rules , the hospital declined to say whether the mother had become pregnant through fertility treatments , which can raise the likelihood of multiple births .
“ It was a shock , especially with the eighth baby , ” Maples said .
The mother plans to breast feed all eight babies , her doctors said .
The last octuplets known to have survived in the United States were born in Houston in 1998 , in that case six girls and two boys .
One of the babies , a girl , died one week after birth .
Help Test jQuery 1.3 Beta 2
Posted on by
We ’re getting ever - closer to the final release of jQuery 1.3 !
In a follow - up to the recent 1.3 Beta 1 we have another test version for everyone to try .
As with before , it ’s not ready for production use yet but we definitely need help in hunting down any bugs that we may have missed .
Please do n’t test 1.3 Beta 1 anymore – all testing should move on to beta 2 .
The final release of jQuery 1.3 will be on the 14th of January with a final release candidate available a few days before .
Download
A copy of jQuery 1.3b2 can be found here :
Please do n’t use minified or packed versions of jQuery when testing – it makes locating bugs difficult .
Changes
So far two changes in 1.3 have been the most likely to cause problems :
Old , XPath , style attribute selectors : [ @attr=value ] .
These have been deprecated for quite some time – and we ’re finally removing them .
To fix it just remove the @!
Bubbling triggered events .
Triggered events now bubble up the DOM – some plugins have n’t expected this and have had to adapt .
Its pretty easy to fix your code to “ protect ” against bubbling – add the following statement to your bound handler : if ( this === event.
target ) { ... }
Tests
The test suite is holding up quite well .
We currently have 1370 tests covering all aspects of the library and passing in all the major browsers :
How to provide feedback :
Submit a bug to the jQuery bug tracker ( you will need to create an account , first ) .
Be sure to include a simple test case for any problem that you ’re experiencing ( either attach the test case or provide a link ) .
Mention that you ’re testing “ jQuery 1.3 Beta 2 ” ( otherwise your ticket will get confused with another release ) .
Email a link to your test case and bug report to the jQuery Dev list so that the dev team will be notified about your issue .
Thanks to everyone , in advance , for all your help in testing this release .
We ’re really excited about this release and ca n’t wait to get it into your hands .
“ When their kids are out of the house , they might smoke .
Or they smoke in the car .
Or they strap the kid in the car seat in the back and crack the window and smoke , and they think it ’s okay because the second - hand smoke is n’t getting to their kids , ” Dr. Winickoff continued .
“ We needed a term to describe these tobacco toxins that are n’t visible . ”
Third - hand smoke is what one smells when a smoker gets in an elevator after going outside for a cigarette , he said , or in a hotel room where people were smoking .
“ Your nose is n’t lying , ” he said .
“ The stuff is so toxic that your brain is telling you : ’ Get away . ’ ”
The study reported on attitudes toward smoking in 1,500 households across the United States .
It found that the vast majority of both smokers and nonsmokers were aware that second - hand smoke is harmful to children .
Some 95 percent of nonsmokers and 84 percent of smokers agreed with the statement that “ inhaling smoke from a parent ’s cigarette can harm the health of infants and children . ”
But far fewer of those surveyed were aware of the risks of third - hand smoke .
Since the term is so new , the researchers asked people if they agreed with the statement that “ breathing air in a room today where people smoked yesterday can harm the health of infants and children . ”
Only 65 percent of nonsmokers and 43 percent of smokers agreed with that statement , which researchers interpreted as acknowledgement of the risks of third - hand smoke .
The belief that second - hand smoke harms children ’s health was not independently associated with strict smoking bans in homes and cars , the researchers found .
On the other hand , the belief that third - hand smoke was harmful greatly increased the likelihood the respondent also would enforce a strict smoking ban at home , Dr. Winickoff said .
These things happened yesterday :
The warm weather coaxed many of my neighbors outside and they were visible and audible on my quiet , narrow residential street .
They walked dogs , tended to their yards and simply inhabited the public realm .
Hurtling through the middle of this pleasing scene came a car traveling at least 50 m.p.h .
That ’s double the speed limit .
In front of the Home Depot on Victory Drive , shoppers nervously eyed the river of cars separating the parking lot from the store .
They hurried through small gaps between the slowly moving vehicles .
Some drivers were annoyed with having to momentarily tap the brakes to let pedestrians scurry in front of their front bumpers .
They acted this way despite the fact that as soon as they parked , they too would be pedestrians running the same gauntlet
I was driving down Columbus Drive , observing the posted speed limit .
Finding this unacceptable , the motorist behind me passed on the right and sped ahead , narrowly missing a parked car .
Seconds later , we were reunited as we both waited of the traffic signal at Paulsen Street .
What is it about looking through a windshield that influences us to make such selfish and potentially tragic choices ?
How can simply placing our hands on the steering wheel impair our judgement , turn us against our fellow citizens and cause us to engage in risky behavior that we know will yield only small , fleeting rewards ( if any ) .
I think our president almost had it right when he suggested we were addicted to foreign oil .
The truth is we are addicted to our cars .
This addiction clearly affects us even when we are not using .
As addicts , our thinking remains skewed between doses of driving .
What else could explain the editorial , published in yesterday ’s Savannah Morning News ?
Following is one of the few unimpaired thoughts expressed in the editorial ( except for use of the word “ blessedly ” ) .
“ While fuel prices have blessedly receded , that happened because Americans are adjusting their driving patterns and buying more fuel - efficient cars . ”
Exactly .
This acknowledges a simple fact that eluded the Drill , Baby , Drill faction .
Conservation works .
But not so fast .
According to the Savannah Morning News editorial board , that ’s actually a bad thing :
“ The higher fuel prices could backfire by pushing drivers even further toward gas - sipping hybrids and alternative - fuel vehicles .
While reducing our fuel consumption might be a laudable goal , doing so works at cross purposes for increasing gas tax revenues . ”
That ’s right .
Beginning to recover from our addiction “ might be a laudable goal . ”
Near the end of the editorial , my fellow addicts at the paper offer this driving - addled statement :
Before raiding drivers ’ pockets , Congress and the Obama administration should first take a carving knife to the U.S. Department of Transportation , cutting out waste , redundant bureaucracy and reviewing all projects for need and priority .
This ignores the fact that everyone ’s pockets are raided to keep the price of driving artificially low .
It also ignores the negative externalities that come along with our absolute dependence on cars .
Above all , it sneers at anything that gets in the way of our next dose .
That ’s classic drug - seeking behavior .
Photo by Sophie Newman via Flickr .
There is no one who loves pain itself , who seeks after it and wants to have it , simply because it is pain … .
Sidney Weinberg was born in 1891 , one of eleven children of Pincus Weinberg , a struggling Polish - born liquor wholesaler and bootlegger in Brooklyn .
Sidney was short , a “ Kewpie doll , ” as the New Yorker writer E. J. Kahn , Jr. , described him , “ in constant danger of being swallowed whole by executive - size chairs . ”
He pronounced his name “ Wine - boig . ”
He left school at fifteen .
He had scars on his back from knife fights in his preteen days , when he sold evening newspapers at the Hamilton Avenue terminus of the Manhattan - Brooklyn ferry .
Sidney Weinberg became a powerful banker by accentuating his humble origins .
Illustration by Richard Thompson
At sixteen , he made a visit to Wall Street , keeping an eye out for a “ nice - looking , tall building , ” as he later recalled .
He picked 43 Exchange Place , where he started at the top floor and worked his way down , asking at every office , “ Want a boy ? ”
By the end of the day , he had reached the third - floor offices of a small brokerage house .
There were no openings .
He returned to the brokerage house the next morning .
He lied that he was told to come back , and bluffed himself into a job assisting the janitor , for three dollars a week .
The small brokerage house was Goldman Sachs .
From that point , Charles Ellis tells us in a new book , “ The Partnership : The Making of Goldman Sachs , ” Weinberg ’s rise was inexorable .
Early on , he was asked to carry a flagpole on the trolley uptown to the Sachs family ’s town house .
The door was opened by Paul Sachs , the grandson of the firm ’s founder , and Sachs took a shine to him .
Weinberg was soon promoted to the mailroom , which he promptly reorganized .
Sachs sent him to Browne ’s Business College , in Brooklyn , to learn penmanship .
By 1925 , the firm had bought him a seat on the New York Stock Exchange .
By 1927 , he had made partner .
By 1930 , he was a senior partner , and for the next thirty - nine years — until his death , in 1969 — Weinberg was Goldman Sachs , turning it from a floundering , mid-tier partnership into the premier investment bank in the world .
The rags - to - riches story — that staple of American biography — has over the years been given two very different interpretations .
The nineteenth - century version stressed the value of compensating for disadvantage .
If you wanted to end up on top , the thinking went , it was better to start at the bottom , because it was there that you learned the discipline and motivation essential for success .
“ New York merchants preferred to hire country boys , on the theory that they worked harder , and were more resolute , obedient , and cheerful than native New Yorkers , ” Irvin G. Wyllie wrote in his 1954 study “ The Self - Made Man in America . ”
Andrew Carnegie , whose personal history was the defining self - made - man narrative of the nineteenth century , insisted that there was an advantage to being “ cradled , nursed and reared in the stimulating school of poverty . ”
According to Carnegie , “ It is not from the sons of the millionaire or the noble that the world receives its teachers , its martyrs , its inventors , its statesmen , its poets , or even its men of affairs .
It is from the cottage of the poor that all these spring . ”
Today , that interpretation has been reversed .
Success is seen as a matter of capitalizing on socioeconomic advantage , not compensating for disadvantage .
The mechanisms of social mobility — scholarships , affirmative action , housing vouchers , Head Start — all involve attempts to convert the poor from chronic outsiders to insiders , to rescue them from what is assumed to be a hopeless state .
Nowadays , we do n’t learn from poverty , we escape from poverty , and a book like Ellis ’s history of Goldman Sachs is an almost perfect case study of how we have come to believe social mobility operates .
Six hundred pages of Ellis ’s book are devoted to the modern - day Goldman , the firm that symbolized the golden era of Wall Street .
From the boom years of the nineteen - eighties through the great banking bubble of the past decade , Goldman brought impeccably credentialled members of the cognitive and socioeconomic élite to Wall Street , where they conjured up fantastically complex deals and made enormous fortunes .
The opening seventy - two pages of the book , however , the chapters covering the Sidney Weinberg years , seem as though they belong to a different era .
The man who created what we know as Goldman Sachs was a poor , uneducated member of a despised minority — and his story is so remarkable that perhaps only Andrew Carnegie could make sense of it .
Weinberg was not a financial wizard .
His gifts were social .
In his heyday , Weinberg served as a director on thirty - one corporate boards .
He averaged two hundred and fifty committee or board meetings a year , and when he was not in meetings he would often take a steam at the Hotel Biltmore ’s Turkish baths with the likes of Robert Woodruff , of Coca - Cola , and Bernard Gimbel , of Gimbels .
During the Depression , Weinberg served on Franklin Roosevelt ’s Business Advisory and Planning Council , and F.D.R. dubbed him the Politician , for his skill at mediating among contentious parties .
He spent the war years as the vice - chairman of the War Production Board , where he was known as the Body Snatcher , because of the way he persuaded promising young business executives to join the war effort .
( Weinberg seems to have been the first to realize that signing up promising young executives for public service during the war was the surest way to sign them up as clients after the war . )
When Ford Motor Company decided to go public , in the mid-nineteen - fifties , in what remains one of the world ’s biggest initial public offerings , both major parties in the hugely complicated transaction — the Ford family and the Ford Foundation — wanted Weinberg to represent them .
He was Mr. Wall Street .
“ In his role as the power behind the throne , ” E. J. Kahn wrote in a New Yorker Profile of Weinberg , fifty years ago , “ he probably comes as close as Bernard Baruch to embodying the popular conception of Bernard Baruch . ”
Kahn went on :
There is hardly a prominent corporation executive of whom he cannot — and , indeed , does not — say , “ He ’s an intimate close personal friend of mine . ” . . .
Industrialists who want information about other industrialists automatically turn to Weinberg , much as merchants consult credit - rating agencies .
His end of many telephone conversations consists of fragments like “ Who ? . . .
Of course I know him .
_ In_timately . . . .
Used to be Under - Secretary of the Treasury .
. . . O.K. , I ’ll have him call you . ”
This gregariousness is what we expect of the head of an investment bank .
Wall Street — particularly the clubby Wall Street of the early and middle part of the twentieth century — was a relationship business : you got to do the stock offering for Continental Can because you knew the head of Continental Can .
We further assume that businesses based on social ties reward cultural insiders .
That ’s one of the reasons we no longer think of poverty as being useful in the nineteenth - century sense ; no matter how hard you work , or how disciplined you are , it is difficult to overcome the socially marginalizing effects of an impoverished background .
In order to do the stock offering for Continental Can , you need to know the head of Continental Can , and in order to know the head of Continental Can it really helps to have been his classmate at Yale .
But Weinberg was n’t Yale .
He was P.S. 13 .
Nor did he try to pretend that he was an insider .
He did the opposite .
“ You ’ll have to make that plainer , ” he would say .
“ I ’m just a dumb , uneducated kid from Brooklyn . ”
He bought a modest house in Scarsdale in the nineteen - twenties , and lived there the rest of his life .
He took the subway .
He may have worked closely with the White House , but this was the Roosevelt White House , in the nineteen - thirties , at a time when none of the Old Guard on Wall Street were New Dealers .
Weinberg would talk about his public school as if it were Princeton , and as a joke he would buy up Phi Beta Kappa keys from pawnshops and hand them out to visitors like party favors .
His savvy was such that Roosevelt wanted to make him Ambassador to the Soviet Union , and his grasp of the intricacies of Wall Street was so shrewd that his phone never stopped ringing .
But as often as he could he reminded his peers that he was from the other side of the tracks .
At one board meeting , Ellis writes , “ a long presentation was being made that was overloaded with dull , detailed statistics .
Number after number was read off .
When the droning presenter finally paused for breath , Weinberg jumped up , waving his papers in mock triumph , to call out ‘ Bingo ! ’ ” The immigrant ’s best strategy , in the famous adage , is to think Yiddish and dress British .
Weinberg thought British and dressed Yiddish .
Why did that strategy work ?
This is the great mystery of Weinberg ’s career , and it ’s hard to escape the conclusion that Carnegie was on to something : there are times when being an outsider is precisely what makes you a good insider .
It ’s not difficult to imagine , for example , that the head of Continental Can liked the fact that Weinberg was from nothing , in the same way that New York City employers preferred country boys to city boys .
That C.E.O. dwelled in a world with lots of people who went to Yale and then to Wall Street ; he knew that some of them were good at what they did and some of them were just well connected , and separating the able from the incompetent was n’t always easy .
Weinberg made it out of Brooklyn ; how could he not be good ?
Weinberg ’s outsiderness also allowed him to play the classic “ middleman minority ” role .
One of the reasons that the Parsi in India , the East Asians in Africa , the Chinese in Southeast Asia , and the Lebanese in the Caribbean , among others , have been so successful , sociologists argue , is that they are decoupled from the communities in which they operate .
If you are a Malaysian in Malaysia , or a Kenyan in Kenya , or an African - American in Watts , and you want to run a grocery store , you start with a handicap : you have friends and relatives who want jobs , or discounts .
You ca n’t deny credit or collect a debt from your neighbor , because he ’s your neighbor , and your social and business lives are tied up together .
As the anthropologist Brian Foster writes of commerce in Thailand :
A trader who was subject to the traditional social obligations and constraints would find it very difficult to run a viable business .
If , for example , he were fully part of the village society and subject to the constraints of the society , he would be expected to be generous in the traditional way to those in need .
It would be difficult for him to refuse credit , and it would not be possible to collect debts .
. . .
The inherent conflict of interest in a face - to - face market transaction would make proper etiquette impossible or would at least strain it severely , which is an important factor in Thai social relations .
The minority has none of those constraints .
He ’s free to keep social and financial considerations separate .
He can call a bad debt a bad debt , or a bad customer a bad customer , without worrying about the social implications of his honesty .
Weinberg was decoupled from the business establishment in the same way , and that seems to have been a big part of what drew executives to him .
The chairman of General Foods avowed , “ Sidney is the only man I know who could ever say to me in the middle of a board meeting , as he did once , ‘ I do n’t think you ’re very bright , ’ and somehow give me the feeling that I ’d been paid a compliment . ”
That Weinberg could make a rebuke seem like a compliment is testament to his charm .
That he felt free to deliver the rebuke in the first place is testament to his sociological position .
You ca n’t tell the chairman of General Foods that he ’s an idiot if you were his classmate at Yale .
But you can if you ’re Pincus Weinberg ’s son from Brooklyn .
Truthtelling is easier from a position of cultural distance .
Here is Ellis on Weinberg , again :
Shortly after he was elected a director of General Electric , he was called upon by Philip D. Reed , GE ’s chairman of the board , to address a group of company officials at a banquet at the Waldorf Astoria .
In presenting Weinberg , Reed said . . . that he hoped Mr. Weinberg felt , as he felt , that GE was the greatest outfit in the greatest industry in the greatest country in the world .
Weinberg got to his feet .
“ I ’ll string along with your chairman about this being the greatest country , ” he began .
“ And I guess I ’ll even buy that part about the electrical industry .
But as to GE ’s being the greatest business in the field , why , I ’m damned if I ’ll commit myself until I ’ve had a look - see . ”
Then he sat down to vigorous applause .
“ I know it ’s just a political buzzword , but the idea of change really resonates with me . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
At G.E. , Weinberg ’s irreverence was cherished .
During the Second World War , a top Vichy official , Admiral Jean - François Darlan , visited the White House .
Darlan was classic French military , imperious and entitled , and was thought to have Nazi sympathies .
Protocol dictated that the Allies treat Darlan with civility , and everyone did — save for Weinberg .
The outsider felt perfectly free to say what everyone else wanted to but could not , and in so doing surely endeared himself to the whole room .
“ When it was time to leave , ” Ellis writes , “ Weinberg reached into his pocket as he came to the front door , pulled out a quarter , and handed it to the resplendently uniformed admiral , saying , ‘ Here , boy , get me a cab . ’ ”
and the Democrats have helped to make the case .
MCM
On Friday , the New York Times reported ( see below ) that the Supreme Court will rule on whether Congress had the right to extend the Voting Rights Act .
Specifically , SCOTUS will decide the constitutionality of Congress 's renewal of Section 5 -- the Act 's provision that certain states and municipalities get federal permission ( called " preclearance " ) before making any changes that affect the voting by their residents .
The states concerned are mostly in the South , and all have had rich histories of electoral malfeasance , largely aimed at disenfranchising minority voters .
The Southern states are Alabama , Georgia , Texas , Mississippi , South Carolina and Virginia ; and the list also includes Arizona and Alaska .
It was in May of 2006 that Congress , then Republican - controlled , unanimously voted to extend the Voting Rights Act , removing none of its provisions .
At the time that vote appeared to be a nice surprise , since some Republicans had wanted to renew the Act selectively .
In fact , that overwhelming vote in favor of the Act was only " a facade , " as Linda Greenhouse notes in her op - ed ( below ) .
" They allowed the extension to pass , " she writes , " on the assumption that the Supreme Court would eventually answer the question , relieving them of the political cost of dismantling an iconic statute . "
So here we are .
As both Greenhouse and Adam Liptak note , Chief Justice Roberts is not keen on efforts to protect minority voters ; and so it 's very possible that he and his extremist brethren on the Court will rule so as to void the Act 's renewal .
Thus they would continue with the radical assault on democratic governance that SCOTUS started , or intensified , with Bush v. Gore -- which , of course , not only put Bush / Cheney in the White House , but also served to fortify the Court 's own ultra - right plurality .
But we can't treat this new judicial threat to our democracy as an entirely rightist move , or blame this situation only on Bush / Cheney .
Of course , the Senate Democrats did not mount any strong resistance to Bush / Cheney 's choice of Roberts or Alito ; but what we 're facing now is based on a far larger abdication of responsibility -- not just by nearly all the Democrats ( our President - elect included ) , but by the press as well ( and that , of course , includes the New York Times ) .
For both the Democratic Party and " the liberal media " have both refused even to note , much less investigate , the Bush regime 's unprecedented program of election fraud and vote suppression ; and that long silence has allowed the Bush Republicans to argue , with straight faces , that the only such wrongdoing has been perpetrated by the Democrats .
Meanwhile , says Bush / Cheney 's party , Jim Crow is a distant memory , since no - one is denied the right to vote on racial grounds , nor has that sort of thing occurred for many years .
It is on the basis of that crackpot argument that SCOTUS now intends to nullify the Voting Rights Act .
The case that Roberts and his brethren have agreed to hear -- Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District Number One v. Mukasey -- argues that there 's simply no more need for those once - infamous localities to seek " preclearance " to make any changes in their voting rules .
The lawsuit argues bluntly that " the times they have a - changed , " that citizens throughout the land now cast their votes without impediment , and that it 's therefore time for We the People to move on , without that onerous and shameful Section 5 :
The America that has elected Barack Obama as its first African - American president is far different than when §5 was first enacted in 1965 .
Appellees barely acknowledge the deep - rooted societal change , preferring to assume that conditions remain similarly dire despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary .
There is no warrant for continuing to presume that jurisdictions first identified four decades ago as needing extraordinary federal oversight through § 5 remain uniformly incapable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations to faithfully protect the voting rights of all citizens in those parts of the country .
For anyone with even cursory knowledge of what 's really happened in US elections since 2000 , that argument is staggering .
It is , in fact , as wild a misconstruction of the truth as any other ultra- rightist myth - - e.g. , that there 's no scientific evidence of natural selection , or that " global warming " is a hoax , or that the Holocaust was all made up .
And so it should
have been , quite literally , laughed out of court ( even that court ) .
But it was not -- because the truth about US elections has been ignored , shrugged off and / or suppressed since Bush & Co. 's first stolen presidential race eight years ago .
Thus both the Democratic Party and the press apparently believe that ultra - right canard , because they do n't know , or do n't want to know , what 's really happened here .
An adequate rebuttal of that lie would take up far more space than I have here ; and anyone who wants to know the truth can get it from the many books and articles and documentaries now readily available .
Suffice it here to say that , while the lawsuit claims that things have universally improved since 1965 , the evidence makes clear that , since 2000 , things have gotten just as bad as they once were , or even worse -- albeit voters black and brown
and red ( and student voters of all colors ) are now deprived of their essential civil right not through crude violence , as in Selma once upon a time , but through methods infinitely subtler , and far more efficient .
Here I am not referring only to those well - known hot - spots in the history of Bush / Cheney 's own " elections , " like Florida in 2000 and Ohio in 2004 .
Take Nov. 4 , 2008 -- when America " elected Barack Obama as its first African - American president . "
On that day , the evidence suggests , millions of Obama 's fellow - citizens -- most of them black -- were disenfranchised through those various non-violent tricks long since perfected by the Bush machine , and now used broadly on behalf of John McCain and Sarah Palin , Ted Stevens and John Sununu , as well as many other candidates who won ( or " won " ) .
Such mass disenfranchisement explains why this year 's national turnout was ,
according to a range of sources , actually no higher , or only slightly higher , than it was four years ago -- notwithstanding the unprecedented spike in Democratic voter registration , Democratic turnout , and bipartisan enthusiasm for , or grudging acceptance of , the Democratic candidate .
( Even more bizarre , the " record turnout " in Ohio was somehow lower than it was four years before , as the Columbus Dispatch reported with bemusement . )
The disenfranchisement also helps explain " Obama 's negative coat - tails , " with
other Democratic campaigns somehow gaining no advantage from his rise --
like ( for example ) Al Franken 's Senate race in Minnesota , where Obama won
by twenty points , while Franken ended up in a dead heat with the incumbent ,
Norm Coleman -- who'd been lagging in the pre-election polls , while the exit
polls had Franken up by some 12 points .
( On Nov. 7 , AP reported that the Senate " undervotes " in Minnesota popped up mostly in those districts carried by Obama . )
And in 2008 , the volume of phone calls to the national voter hotlines was as great as it had been four years before -- or greater , as there were many more such hotlines up and running in this last election .
( Indeed , Obama 's victory was due in part to just such services , and to the vigilance of those who worked with them , and those who used them . )
1-866-OUR-VOTE , the largest of them all ( run by the Election Protection Coalition ) , received 100,000 complaint calls by the morning of Nov. 3 .
Meanwhile , 1 - 800 - MYVOTE1 ( run by Voter Action ) received 116,000 complaint calls throughout the weeks of early voting through Election Day , while CNN received over 40,000 complaint calls on Election Day itself ; and thousands more were phoned in to the several other , smaller hotlines operating nationwide .
And yet , of course , the vast majority of those voters , or would - be voters , who were wrongly told that they were n't registered , or who had their votes flipped electronically , or who could n't wait on line for hours , and so on -- most of thwarted voters made no calls to hotlines .
( And then there were those countless others whose votes were likely flipped , or just erased , without their seeing it . )
For example , in DuPage County , Illinois -- right in Obama 's own back yard -- election monitors collected affidavits from 350 people who , on Election Day , discovered that their names had been purged from the voter rolls , and who therefore either were n't allowed to vote or had to cast provisional ballots .
" Only one of these citizens was Caucasian , "
reported Jean Kaczmarek , in an email , on Nov. 12 .
" We have brought this to the attention of the local media , " she added , " but , so far , nothing has been reported . "
So it was in many states -- including those named in the lawsuit now before the Supreme Court .
According to that warped petition , " there is no warrant for continuing to presume " that the officials in those places " remain ... unwilling to fulfill their obligation to faithfully protect the voting rights of all citizens in those parts of the country . "
That otherworldly claim would come as news to all those Democrats who stood in line for hours throughout the South ; or to those who saw their votes flipped in Texas , Mississippi and South Carolina ( as well as West Virginia ) ; or to those Democratic voters in Virginia ( and Ohio , Florida , Pennsylvania and New Jersey ) who reported frequent freezes , crashes and other problems with the e-voting machines .
That claim would also come as news to election monitors in Arizona --
especially in Maricopa County , where 15 out of every 100 voters had to cast
provisional ballots , and in Pima County ( where two months before , election
monitor John Brakey was arrested when he tried to scrutinize the serial numbers on the bags of ballots cast in Arizona 's primary ) .
And then there is Alaska , where , amazingly , the turnout was reported as the lowest ever in the state , down by 11 % -- even with Sarah Palin on the ballot , while over 30,000
Democrats who'd voted for John Kerry did n't feel like voting for Barack
Obama ( even though the Democrats had registered over 20,000 new voters ,
and had organized the three largest political rallies in Alaska 's history ) .
And
then there was the startlingly strong showing of incumbent Senator Ted Stevens , who , despite his felony conviction and feeble showing in the pre-election polls , somehow maintained a constant lead ( of roughly three to five thousand votes ) throughout Election Night ( and who was finally beaten only when they started to hand - count the absentee ballots ) .
And all of this amounts to a mere fraction of the evidence that this election
too was stolen -- even though Barack Obama was indeed elected as our
" first African - American president . "
This election , first of all , was stolen from
him , insofar as his true victory margin was no doubt considerably larger than
we think -- not just a " decisive victory " as the media ( and he ) have termed
it , but a landslide , which , if it had not been whittled down by electronic fraud
and vote suppression , would have made quite clear that Bush & Co. 's party
is dead meat .
This election , secondly , was very likely stolen from a number
of Democratic challengers for several House and Senate seats .
And yet
most important is the fact that this election too was stolen from those voters
-- mostly African - American , like Obama - - whose participation was
illegally ( or " legally " ) pre-empted or annulled , so that they could not
participate in our self - government ; and if they were wrongly disenfranchised ,
our votes too mean that much less , however happy we may be about who " won . "
If we really care about the voting rights of all our fellow - citizens , then it is not enough to cheer Obama 's victory , which , historic though it is , counts for much less than the democracy which he is now about to lead .
So if we really care about those rights of ours , we have to face the fact that this democracy is in the gravest danger still -- supremely threatened not just by Bush / Cheney 's party and their Court , but , no less , by the silence of the press , and of the Democrats , and of our President - elect .
And so we have to break that silence now , or it will finish us at last , whichever party manages the show .
MCM
January 10 , 2009
Supreme Court Takes Voting Rights Case
By ADAM LIPTAK
WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court announced on Friday that it would decide whether
Congress overstepped its constitutional authority in 2006 by extending a central provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
The plaintiff in the case , a Texas municipal utility district , has argued that Congress did not take sufficient account of more than four decades of progress toward racial equality that culminated in the recent election of the nation 's first black president .
The court 's decision , expected by June , will help define the Roberts court .
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. opposed efforts to expand the voting rights law in 1982 as a young lawyer in the Reagan administration and has expressed skepticism on the court about racial classifications made by the government .
The decision will also have significant practical consequences for elections in 16 states .
" This could be the biggest election - law case on the court 's docket since Bush v. Gore , " said Richard L. Hasen , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles .
The case concerns the requirement in Section 5 of the law that certain state and local governments , mostly in the South , must obtain permission , or " preclearance , " from the Justice Department or a federal court before making changes that affect voting .
The requirement applies to all of nine states - Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Georgia , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Texas and Virginia - and to scores of counties and municipalities in other states that Congress found had a history of discrimination at the polls .
Critics of the law call the preclearance requirement a unique federal intrusion on state sovereignty and a badge of shame for the affected jurisdictions that is no longer justified .
The preclearance requirement , originally set to expire in five years , was upheld by the Supreme Court in 1966 as a rational response to the often flagrantly lawless conduct of Southern officials intent on " perpetuating voting discrimination in the face of adverse federal court decrees . "
Congress has repeatedly extended the requirement : for five years in 1970 , seven years in 1975 , and 25 years in 1982 .
Congress renewed the act in 2006 after holding extensive hearings on the persistence of racial discrimination at the polls , again extending the preclearance requirement for 25 years .
The lawsuit challenging the requirement was brought by a municipal utility district in Austin , Tex. , established on undeveloped land there in the late 1980s .
The district said it had never been accused of voting discrimination and should not be made to seek federal permission to , say , move the location of polling places or consolidate voting for its five - member board with the larger county ballot .
A special three - judge court here upheld the constitutionality of the preclearance requirement in May , saying Congress had acted reasonably in making the judgment that voting discrimination persisted .
The utility district argued to the Supreme Court that Congress had given insufficient weight to social and political changes since the civil rights era .
It added that the applicable legal standards had changed since 1966 .
There is no reason , the district 's lawyers told the justices , to presume " that jurisdictions first identified four decades ago as needing extraordinary federal oversight " today remain " uniformly incapable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations to faithfully protect the voting rights of all citizens in those parts of the country . "
In addition , the district argued , a 1997 Supreme Court decision , City of Boerne v. Flores , imposed a more demanding standard for deciding whether Congress exceeded its authority than mere rationality by requiring " congruence and proportionality " between the harm in question and the means used to prevent it .
The special court had ruled that the more relaxed level of scrutiny used by the Supreme Court to uphold the law in the 1966 case , South Carolina v. Katzenbach , should apply .
But it added that the recent extension of the preclearance requirement passed the more demanding " congruence and proportionality " test , too .
The Supreme Court can avoid the larger issue in the new case , Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District Number One v. Mukasey , No. 08-322 , if it chooses to accept the utility district 's argument on a subsidiary point .
The district says it should be entitled to relief under a provision in the voting rights law that allows political subdivisions with clean discrimination records for 10 years to " bail out " from the preclearance requirement with court approval .
The special court said the provision was available only to government units that register voters , and the utility district does not .
In November the Bush administration filed a brief defending the law that urged the Supreme Court to affirm the lower court 's decision without further briefing and argument .
( The Voting Rights Act contains unusual jurisdictional provisions , which account for the special lower court and which allow a direct appeal to the Supreme Court . )
The Supreme Court also agreed on Friday to hear three other cases , two of them involving the combustible issue of how the government treats racial and other minorities .
One of them , Ricci v. DeStefano , No. 07-1428 , arose from a test given to firefighters who sought promotions in New Haven .
White candidates passed the test at a much higher rate than minority candidates , and very few Hispanics and no blacks qualified for the available positions .
A civil service board threw out the test , and no one was promoted .
A three - judge panel of the federal appeals court in New York rejected a lawsuit brought by white and Hispanic firefighters claiming race discrimination .
The full appeals court , by a vote of 7 to 6 , declined to hear the case .
Dissenting from that decision , Judge Jose A. Cabranes wrote that the case " presented a straightforward question :
May a municipal employer disregard the results of a qualifying examination , which was carefully constructed to ensure race - neutrality , on the ground that the results of that examination yielded too many qualified applicants of one race and not enough of another ? "
The court will also hear Horne v. Flores , No. 08-289 , concerning whether lower courts were correct in ruling that Arizona is not spending enough money to help students there overcome language barriers .
Finally , the court agreed to hear Iraq v. Beaty , No. 07-1090 , concerning whether people who were mistreated in Iraq under the government of Saddam Hussein may recover damages from the nation 's current government .
The Justice Department had urged the court to hear the case and rule that the current government of Iraq enjoyed sovereign immunity from such claims .
Opinion
OP -ED CONTRIBUTOR
The Chief Justice on the Spot
By LINDA GREENHOUSE
Published : January 8 , 2009
WASHINGTON
A CASE sitting quietly in the Supreme Court 's in - basket promises to tell us more than almost any other about John G. Roberts Jr. and his evolution from spear carrier in the Reagan revolution to chief justice of the United States - and in the process set the direction of the debate over race and politics for years to come .
The question is whether Congress acted within its constitutional authority two years ago when it extended a central provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 for 25 years .
An appeal challenging the act's reauthorized Section 5 , a provision that requires certain states and localities to receive federal permission before making any change in election procedures , awaits the justices when they return today from a holiday recess .
On the surface , this case appears an unlikely judicial bellwether .
Extending the life of the " preclearance " provision , considered one of the civil rights movement 's crowning legislative accomplishments , is hardly novel .
This was the fourth extension , in fact , and the second for a 25 - year duration ; the Supreme Court , which upheld the original Voting Rights Act in 1966 , approved an earlier extension of Section 5 in 1980 .
Nor does the issue appear fueled by the partisanship or ideological divisions that the current Supreme Court so often mirrors .
The latest extension passed the Republican - controlled Congress overwhelmingly in 2006 .
President Bush promptly signed it into law , and a special panel of three federal judges upheld it last May .
Given all that , what about this case makes it a potentially defining moment for Chief Justice Roberts ?
To answer that question requires seeing the appeal , Northwest Austin Municipal Utility District No. 1 v. Mukasey , for the politically charged case it really is .
The seeming unanimity that greeted the extension of Section 5 in 2006 was a facade , masking deep divisions over whether to continue requiring all or parts of 16 states , most in the South , to receive Justice Department or federal court permission before moving a polling place or changing a registration deadline .
Was a measure approved 40 years ago as a remedy for the suppression of minority votes still appropriate ?
Many Republicans , most notably some Southern senators , thought not .
But they allowed the extension to pass on the assumption that the Supreme Court would eventually answer the question , relieving them of the political cost of dismantling an iconic statute .
Days after the extension became law , the anticipated legal challenge was filed by a well - connected Texas Republican lawyer representing what is surely one of the most obscure jurisdictions to be covered by Section 5 , a sewer district that serves 3,500 residents of Travis County , Tex .
The Republicans understood recent trends at the court to be working in their favor , and they may be right .
The case serves up to the court a fascinating brew of two of the most freighted issues in constitutional law , race and federalism - or , to put it another way , individual rights and constitutional structure .
The Roberts court has yet to come to rest on either , but this case will force it to do so : Voting Rights
Act cases have a special provision that requires the Supreme Court to decide them .
The court can't do what it does with 99 percent of the cases that reach it and simply deny review without comment .
The chief justice will have to show his hand .
In cases dealing with race , he already has .
" It is a sordid business , this divvying us up by race , " he complained in a Texas redistricting case in 2006 .
The next year , he wrote an opinion rejecting a plan by which the school system in Louisville , Ky. , sought to preserve the hard - won gains of integration by assigning students to schools based on race .
Because the Louisville schools had been released seven years earlier from decades of federal court supervision , the chief justice said the district no longer had the " compelling interest " that justified any use of race to keep the schools integrated .
It was a position so extreme that Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , who is skeptical of all race - conscious government policies and agreed that the Louisville plan was unconstitutional , refused to sign the opinion .
The federalism issue at the core of the new case grows out of a series of cases from 1997 to 2003 in which the Rehnquist court applied a new level of scrutiny to Congressional action enforcing the guarantees of the Reconstruction amendments .
While previously Congress could do almost anything in the name of protecting individual rights , the new doctrine requires it to demonstrate a " congruence and proportionality " between violation and remedy .
The appeal now before the court argues that the extension fails that test , given " the utter absence of any present - day pattern of unconstitutional voting - rights deprivations of the type Section 5 was originally designed to address . "
The measure 's defenders argue in response that because the law serves to deter just such violations , the Texas sewer district is trying to blame Section 5 for its own success .
The Roberts court has not resumed the Rehnquist court 's federalism battles , and the chief justice 's own views are unclear .
But he does not come as a novice to the debate over the Voting Rights Act .
As a young lawyer in the Reagan Justice Department , he wrote sharply worded memos on behalf of the administration 's failed effort to block expansion of the act in 1982 .
Confronted with his paper trail during his Supreme Court confirmation hearing in 2005 , he explained that he was simply expressing the administration 's views .
Perhaps .
But equally telling may be words written by his predecessor as chief justice .
William H. Rehnquist , then an associate justice , dissented from a decision that upheld an earlier extension of Section 5 .
The law " requires state and local governments to cede far more of their powers to the federal government than the Civil War amendments ever envisioned , " Rehnquist wrote in April 1980 .
Months later , the 25 - year - old John Roberts arrived at his chambers as a law clerk .
A 25 - year relationship as mentor and protégé ended only with Rehnquist 's death days before his former law clerk was named to succeed him .
The new case , in other words , arrives at the intersection of John Roberts 's past and the Supreme Court 's future .
BBC Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen 's diary of the conflict between Hamas and Israel .
Ahmed will be scarred for life by the experience he has had , psychologists say
26 JANUARY
Ahmed , a 16 - year - old boy , only became animated when he talked about his dead pets .
Even then the mask that his face has become shifted only slightly .
I do n't know why they [ Israeli soldiers ] kill animals .
I do n't believe birds can harm them .
Ahmed
He pointed towards a pile of rubble : " That was my house .
We were living there and we were very happy .
The Israelis destroyed my house and the other houses before they pulled out . "
' I had two goats and a donkey and they killed them .
And they killed 10 pigeons , and our chickens and a cockerel and two ducks .
The pigeons and the goats were mine .
The rest belonged to the family .
" I loved seeing my pets grow .
I wanted to see their babies .
It makes me very sad that they killed the animals , the donkey , the goats , the pigeons and the ducks .
" Why ?
I do n't know why they kill animals .
I do n't believe birds can harm them .
My white pigeons were shot .
I know that because I found their bodies . "
' High - tech ' rocket Ahmed talks with some expression about the death of his pets because he is trying to clear his mind of everything else he witnessed in Gaza City .
Three of my brothers died next to me .
I had been lying next to my brother Ismail
Ahmed
Ahmed says that after the Israeli soldiers came to his street he was confined with 90 members of his extended family in a house just opposite his own .
Other witnesses confirm his story .
After more than 24 hours , the house was hit by some sort of projectile and there was a big explosion .
Local people say that 29 people were killed .
When representatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) reached the site more than 48 hours later they found part of what they say looked like a high - tech rocket in the building .
They also found children who had been stranded there with the bodies .
One of them was Ahmed .
When he talks about it his face is a mask again .
When the explosion happened he thought at first that he was dead .
" But I opened my eyes and moved my arms and legs and I realised I was alive .
But I could n't speak or get up , " Ahmed says .
I asked him what happened to his family .
" Three of my brothers died next to me .
I had been lying next to my brother Ismail .
My head was a half - a- metre from his .
My brother Yacoub was hurt .
There was a hole in his stomach that you could have put a coffee cup into . "
And his mother was killed .
Ahmed says he thinks of her every day .
Trauma sessions
The survivors were allowed to leave by the soldiers who had told them to stay in the house .
Ahmed could not walk , so the others promised to go for help .
He says the time they were there in the house was terrifying .
They found a small amount of water .
He would drag himself to the door to watch the Israelis .
He saw them bulldozing the mosque flat .
The ICRC says Israel refused to let them get to the wounded for more than two days .
That is why they broke their usual silence to issue an angry statement saying it looked as though the Israeli army had not fulfilled its obligations under the laws of war to treat the wounded or arrange for their evacuation .
The house the soldiers commandeered is 10 paces away from the place where Ahmed and the others waited for help for more than two days with the bodies .
His father survived , as did four younger brothers and two older sisters .
He has not gone back to school yet , because he says his clothes and his books were destroyed when his house was bulldozed .
So was the bicycle he used to get to school .
Maths was his favourite subject .
Ahmed has had some sessions with experts in the trauma that children suffer when they experience violence .
In Gaza , they have developed considerable expertise .
They say he needs a lot of time and treatment , and even then the experience he has had will scar him for life .
The doctors were encouraged that , when he spoke about his mother , his expressionless mask slipped slightly , and he looked as if he was struggling not to cry .
The psychologist and psychiatrist who were with him said that he was going to have to go through a great deal of emotional pain , the pain that he was trying with all his might to suppress , if he was to have any hope of getting better .
No wonder Ahmed finds it easier to talk about his dead pets .
Other previous diary entries by Jeremy Bowen :
No ordinary school day A father 's loss Rafah rebuilds Obama 's challenge Waiting at Rafah
Is this the end ?
Truce hopes Damascus to Jerusalem Syrian warning Build - up continues
The days before war
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Obama says he wants the plan to gain Republican support President Barack Obama has said that Congress is on target to approve his planned $ 825 bn ( £ 608 bn ) economic stimulus package by 16 February .
His comments came after he met with Democrat and Republican leaders .
While the legislation is expected to face a relatively easy passage - due to the Democrats ' majority in both houses - Mr Obama wants bipartisan support .
Various parts of the $ 825 bn ( £ 608 bn ) package have already been passed by House of Representatives committees .
President Obama said the US was facing an " unprecedented economic crisis " that had to be dealt with quickly .
' Working hard ' " Yes we wrote the bill , yes we won the election , " said Democrats leader and House Speak Nancy Pelosi .
I recognize that there are still some difference around the table and between the administration and members of Congress about particular details on the plan
President Barack Obama
" But that does n't mean we do n't want it to have sustainability and bipartisan support , and the president is working hard to get that done . "
Ms Pelosi reiterated the president 's position that the bill would get to him by 16 February .
Despite Ms Pelosi 's comments , some Republicans have accused the Democrats of " barrelling ahead without any bipartisan support " .
Republicans claim the president 's package is too expensive and does n't create enough jobs .
Mr Obama said that while he was confident the bill would be delivered , he recognised that some opposition remained .
" I recognize that there are still some difference around the table and between the administration and members of Congress about particular details on the plan , " he said .
The bill is currently being scrutinised by Congressional committees .
On Thursday , the ways and means committee approved the $ 275bn in planned tax cuts , with the 24 Democrats on the committee voting for the proposal , while the 13 Republicans voted against .
Another part of the bill , the call for spending $ 2.8bn on increased broadband services has passed through the energy and commerce committee .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON -- President - elect Barack Obama and congressional Democrats are crafting a plan to offer about $ 300 billion of tax cuts to individuals and businesses , a move aimed at attracting Republican support for an economic - stimulus package and prodding companies to create jobs .
The size of the proposed tax cuts -- which would account for about 40 % of a stimulus package that could reach $ 775 billion over two years -- is greater than many on both sides of the aisle in Congress had anticipated .
It may make it easier to win over ...
Device CCAT Wash n Flush The CCAT Wash n' Flush Description The Wash n' Flush is a Humboldt State University environmental science 410 senior project implemented by Jeffrey Steuben , Annie Welbes and Tim Dower which is located in the downstairs bathroom at CCAT .
This is a toilet modification that allows users to save water by utilizing the wastewater from handwashing to flush the Toilet .
Intended use development , water Keywords grey water flush , toilet modification , sustainable design Appropedia user User: CCAT Project status Implemented Project was made ?
Yes Countries of design United States SDG SDG11 Sustainable cities and communities
SDG12 Responsible consumption and production Documentation data Language English Manifest data Language English Updated 2020 -06-04 Author Kathy Nativi Author affiliation Appropedia Author email info@appropedia.org
The Wash n' Flush is a Humboldt State University environmental science 410 senior project implemented by Jeffrey Steuben , Annie Welbes and Tim Dower which is located in the downstairs bathroom at CCAT .
This is a toilet modification that allows users to save water by utilizing the wastewater from handwashing to flush the Toilet .
If you think of this project as a way of doing a DIY version of an Aqus Toilet , you 'd be mostly right .
These are also commercially popular in Japan .
The goals of our project were :
conserve drinkable water by eliminating the use of clean , potable water to flush toilets .
break down social stigma around toilet water pre-use .
build awareness of creative water conservation .
make toilet modification replicable , accessible , and affordable to low income households .
conserve water at CCAT .
We thought about the fact that clean , drinkable water is being used to flush human waste down the toilet .
We consider this to be environmentally and socially irresponsible .
Therefore , we took action .
Painstakingly photoshopped diagram of the Wash n' Flush ( 1 ) Clean water flows in ( 2 ) Water is diverted towards the faucet ( 3 ) It flows out into the basin -- Wash your hands !
( 4 ) Then drains through toilet 's overflow tube to fill the bowl
The following materials and tools were used for this specific project .
If replicating , you may not need the same equipment or materials .
Feel free to get creative !
Materials [ edit ]
3/4 inch plywood lid
3 feet quarter - inch vinyl tubing
6 inches of three - quarter inch vinyl tubing
funnel
2 feet of 1/2 inch copper pipe
Aluminum basin
4 one - inch L brackets
Paint ( blue )
Butcher paper
Jigsaw - for cutting lid
Power drill 3 inch hole saw 1/ 2 inch spade bit 3/16 molybdenum bit ( for drilling aluminum )
Measuring tape
Hand crank flashlight
The Steps to Success ! [ edit ]
Fig 1: We are tracing the outline of the tank and the location of the overflow pipe
Fig 2 : This is the template we used to locate the overflow pipe , the faucet location , and where to place the brackets to secure the lid in place
Fig 3 : Using the hole saw to make a channel for the funnel to sit flush with lid surface , and a hole for the funnel drain through
Fig 4 : Wow , look at that fine hole !
Fig 5 : These brackets , attached to the underside of the lid , sit inside of the tank , holding the lid in place .
Fig 6 : Do n't forget to seal the lid with some sweet and low VOC paint !
yeah !
Fig 7 : The basin was placed on the lid to locate where the drain would be located .
We drew a circle on the bottom of the basin through the previously cut hole in the lid , then used the drill with a molybdenum bit to remove the portion of the basin that would be the drain .
Fig 8 : Here 's
Tim bending the copper tube over his knee to create a faucet - like effect .
This technique is not recommended , as the pipe may kink during the process .
Instead , use a pipe bending spring to keep the pipe open and bent .
Fig 9 : Hey , look at that bent pipe !
Now slide it into the hole in the lid and secure it in place .
Fig 10 : Attach the small vinyl tube to the water inflow tube , then feed it through the copper pipe .
This is where the water will come out of your homemade faucet .
Note the two 32 ounce bottles in the toilet tank to decrease the amount of water used to flush .
Fig 11 : Here you can see the larger vinyl tube attached to the bottom of the funnel .
It runs directly into the overflow tube in the toilet .
Fig 12 : We added this Star Trek - like panel to guide the water that was splashing onto the wall , back into the basin .
This addition may not be necessary depending on your particular basin and water pressure .
Unforeseen Issues [ edit ]
Since CCAT is a public facility , it is required to have a restroom that meets the standards of the Americans with Disabilities Act .
As such , there is a bar on the wall behind the toilet .
We had to work around this by using a shallow basin .
This shallow basin , and the high velocity of water coming from the faucet created quite a bit of splashing .
In an effort to mitigate this , we installed the Star Trek - like splash guard to redirect the splashed water into the basin .
Even after installing this back splash , the problem of water splashing onto the toilet seat was not completely solved .
If we had a toilet - bowl lid , this would be less of a problem .
The faucet creates a high - velocity flow of water .
Because of this , handwashing style must be slightly altered to avoid splashing .
Social acceptance of this system may be more difficult to achieve because it requires that people change their bathroom behavior .
This was fixed by turning down the supply spigot behind the toilet .
Drilling through the half - inch of aluminum basin required the special molybdenum drill bit .
A different basin might not require a special tool .
It was difficult to track the actual water savings without a water bill or some sort of water - use data logger .
Our water savings might not be as great as we thought .
Seeing as this is a demonstration project at CCAT , the toilet is flushed unnecessarily by overzealous tour guides .
Therefore , water is being used more at this toilet .
Need More Instructions ? [ edit ]
Yes , you do .
Find an awesome step - by - step process to create this system at http://www.instructables.com/id/Hack-a-Toilet-for-free-water./
As of October 2013 , the CCAT 's water - saving - designed Wash n Flush is still fully operational .
Here you can see it in proper working action !
According to a kind CCAT guide , the Wash n Flush provides " a lot " of water with which to wash hands !
Indeed , the water from the Wash n Flush sink pipe flowed forth approximately another 20 seconds after the video ends -- quite an ample amount .
Though the fundamental functionality of the system has remained intact , time and usage has left its mark on the Wash n Flush .
Below are the observable changes since its creation .
The Wash n Flush as of October 2013 .
It is well - used and complete with a bar of soap !
The paint has chipped quite thoroughly , and needs to be re-done .
A small part of the siding to the StarTrek - like splash board has begun to warp on the base of both sides .
Underneath the main sink of the Wash n Flush ( not usually visible ) .
There has been some mildew development due to water getting underneath .
The main drain has also become dirty .
As of October 2014 , the CCAT Wash n Flush toilet is still fully operational .
The video below was taken on October 15th , 2014 .
Although there are visible signs of wear and tear on the parts of the Wash n Flush toilet , the system is still functioning properly .
According to an on - site source , the toilet gets used an upwards of 20 times a day , 7 days a week .
Of the two people I interviewed at CCAT , neither of them reported any problems occurring with the system in the last 2 months since they had been present at the building .
Not even a backup or broken flusher !
There is minor wear and tear visible with the aging of materials and water corrosion .
Despite the aging and constant usage this system is still operational .
Polishing the metal and applying certain chemicals would help improve the appearance .
Conclusion [ edit ]
The Wash n Flush is a reliable water - saving system , but this model does require some basic upkeep .
End of analysis .
I promised I ’d turn one of these comment threads into a Q&A , so let ’s dance !
Ask me what you want about ‘ The IT Crowd ’ and I ’ll do my best to brighten the corners .
Do n’t expect immediate responses , as I really must get on with my life , and please do n’t be offended if I do n’t get around to answering everything .
I ’ll do my best , though .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
ORLANDO , Florida ( CNN ) -- Sen. John McCain questioned his Democratic opponent 's ability to be commander in chief in an address before a national veterans convention Monday .
Sen . John McCain speaks at the Veterans of Foreign Wars convention Monday in Orlando , Florida .
McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , said Sen. Barack Obama 's opposition to President Bush 's " surge " strategy , which increased troop levels in Iraq in 2007 , and his response to the recent crisis in Georgia raised questions about the Illinois Democrat 's judgment .
" Behind all of these claims and positions by Sen. Obama lies the ambition to be president .
What 's less apparent is the judgment to be commander in chief , " McCain told the national Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Orlando .
" And in matters of national security , good judgment will be at a premium in the term of the next president -- as we were all reminded 10 days ago by events in the nation of Georgia . "
Watch McCain hit Obama on Iraq »
McCain condemned Russia after its invasion of Georgia on August 8 .
The conflict began more than a week ago when Georgian troops entered the breakaway republic of South Ossetia to attack pro-Moscow separatists , prompting a Russian military response .
Obama spokesman Bill Burton quickly responded to McCain 's attack , arguing that the difference in the race was that the Democrat would bring the Iraq war to " a responsible end and invest in our pressing needs here at home . "
Candidates ' Revealed '
See who the presidential candidates really are in two special , back - to - back documentaries .
Wednesday , 8 p.m. ET see full schedule »
" All his bluster , distortions and negative attacks notwithstanding , it is hard to understand how Sen .
McCain can at once proclaim his support for the sovereign government of Iraq and then stubbornly defy their expressed support for a timeline to remove our combat brigades from their country , " Burton said .
During ongoing negotiations on a framework to allow U.S. forces to operate in Iraq , the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki told U.S. officials it would like U.S. troops be withdrawn from Iraq by 2011 .
During his speech in Orlando , McCain also promised his fellow veterans that he would reform the Department of Veterans Affairs when he becomes president .
McCain was a Navy pilot during the Vietnam War and was held as a prisoner of war for five years in Vietnam .
" As president , I will do all that is in my power to ensure that those who serve today and those who have served in the past have access to the highest quality health , mental health and rehabilitative care in the world , " McCain told the convention .
After addressing the veterans , McCain toured a NASA facility at Coco Beach and blasted Obama for suggesting that the space agency 's program should be cut .
" I know that earlier this year Sen . Obama proposed cutting the NASA budget and delaying the timetable for our return to the moon and the Mars mission .
I believe he later repudiated his own plan , and sometimes it 's difficult to know what a politician will actually say when he is in office because they say different things at different times to different people . "
Later Monday , McCain was scheduled to attend a fundraiser hosted by Ralph Reed , a former executive director of the Christian Coalition , an evangelical group .
Reed , now a lobbyist , had been tied to Jack Abramoff , the convicted lobbyist , and the Indian gambling scandal .
McCain was chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs that investigated Abramoff 's involvement in the scandal .
The Wall Street Journal 's editorial board and the Democratic National Committee have criticized McCain for planning to attend the Reed fundraiser in Atlanta , Georgia .
As McCain campaigned in Florida , Obama traveled to another critical battleground state , New Mexico , to unveil a plan aimed at improving the economic security of working women .
Obama 's trip comes a week before the start of the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado .
He is expected to announce his pick for the No. 2 spot on the ticket this week .
Watch who could be Obama 's VP pick »
Speaking in Albuquerque , Obama faulted McCain for offering what he said were the same economic policies as President Bush .
" I 'll bet if everybody just compared notes that 95 percent of us would agree on what the No. 1 priorities are , and almost everybody here would agree that we can't keep on doing what we 've been doing , " Obama said .
On Sunday , Obama promised donors that he would recapture the White House for the Democrats this fall .
" I will win .
Do n't worry about that , " the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee said during a Sunday night fundraiser in San Francisco , California .
Obama raised a whopping $ 7.8 million in a series of events Sunday in San Francisco , a key fundraiser for the Democrat said .
The campaign would not confirm the total , but , if accurate , it would present the largest Obama fundraising day to date .
CNN 's Peter Hamby and Mike Roselli contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • Ralph Reed
A state representative wants to dock lawmakers a day's pay if an unexcused absence causes them to miss a vote on legislation that reaches the floor of the House or Senate .
" I think it 's just a matter of right and wrong , " Rep. Jerry Weiers , R- Glendale , said Tuesday before the House Government Committee .
" If you 're working , you should get paid , and if you 're not working , you should n't get paid . "
Saying he 's tired of seeing colleagues miss votes they consider unimportant , Weiers calls in HB 2127 for lawmakers to lose an amount not less than $ 175 for each day they miss a floor vote .
Those lawmakers also would be listed on the Legislature 's Web site as failing to vote .
" Unless someone can show me another way that can get people 's attention , money is the only way to get people 's attention , " Weiers said .
The committee endorsed the bill on a 4 - 3 vote , sending it to the House floor by way of the Rules Committee , but only Weiers heard sharp comments from opponents .
" I think we have a built - in performance review of every member down here :
It 's called the election , " said Rep. Chad Campbell , D - Phoenix .
" I do n't necessarily agree with this insinuation that I vote for a paycheck , " said Rep. Adam Driggs , R - Phoenix .
" I 'm here because I want to be in involved in public service , help my constituents and help my state . "
Rep. Warde V. Nichols , R - Gilbert , joined Campbell and Driggs in voting against the bill .
However , opponents said their objections were to the financial penalty and not to the idea of publicizing the names of those who miss votes .
Voting in favor were Rep. Sam Crump , R - Anthem , the committee 's chairman and a co-sponsor ; Rep. David Gowan , R- Sierra Vista ; Rep. Frank Antenori , R- Tucson ; and Rep. Steve B. Montengro , R - Litchfield Park .
Rep. Tom Chabin , D - Flagstaff , was absent .
Asked by Driggs if it 's common for lawmakers to miss votes due to unexcused absences , Weiers said emphatically that it is .
" Anybody that 's been down here four years or longer has seen that , " Weiers said .
" I think every bill down here is critically important .
Whether I hate the bill or like the bill , fact is they 're members ' bills , they 're constituents ' bills whether I agree with them or not . "
HB 2127 deals with a bill 's third reading , which sends legislation to the other chamber , and final reading , which sends it to the governor .
It defines one day 's pay as the higher of $ 175 or a formula that averages the length of legislative sessions and lawmaker pay over five years , and it would draw that amount from the $ 35 daily subsistence pay lawmakers receive during the session .
Weiers said the bill does n't apply to committee votes because legislation that dies in committee often resurfaces later in other committees .
Uncritical Exuberance ? by Judith Butler
Wednesday Nov 5th , 2008 7:19 PM
This became most salient in the emergence of the counter Bradley - effect , when voters could and did explicitly own up to their own racism , but said they would vote for Obama anyway .
Anecdotes from the field include claims like the following : " I know that Obama is a Muslim and a Terrorist , but I will vote for him anyway ; he is probably better for the economy . "
Such voters got to keep their racism and vote for Obama , sheltering their split beliefs without having to resolve them .
Very few of us are immune to the exhilaration of this time .
My friends on the left write to me that they feel something akin to " redemption " or that " the country has been returned to us " or that " we finally have one of us in the White House . "
Of course , like them , I discover myself feeling overwhelmed with disbelief and excitement throughout the day , since the thought of having the regime of George W. Bush over and gone is an enormous relief .
And the thought of Obama , a thoughtful and progressive black candidate , shifts the historical ground , and we feel that cataclysm as it produces a new terrain .
But let us try to think carefully about the shifted terrain , although we cannot fully know its contours at this time .
The election of Barack Obama is historically significant in ways that are yet to be gauged , but it is not , and cannot be , a redemption , and if we subscribe to the heightened modes of identification that he proposes ( " we are all united " ) or that we propose ( " he is one of us " ) , we risk believing that this political moment can overcome the antagonisms that are constitutive of political life , especially political life in these times .
There have always been good reasons not to embrace " national unity " as an ideal , and to nurse suspicions toward absolute and seamless identification with any political leader .
After all , fascism relied in part on that seamless identification with the leader , and Republicans engage this same effort to organize political affect when , for instance , Elizabeth Dole looks out on her audience and says , " I love each and every one of you . "
It becomes all the more important to think about the politics of exuberant identification with the election of Obama when we consider that support for Obama has coincided with support for conservative causes .
In a way , this accounts for his " cross - over " success .
In California , he won by 60 % of the vote , and yet some significant portion of those who voted for him also voted against the legalization of gay marriage ( 52 % ) .
How do we understand this apparent disjunction ?
First , let us remember that Obama has not explicitly supported gay marriage rights .
Further , as Wendy Brown has argued , the Republicans have found that the electorate is not as galvanized by " moral " issues as they were in recent elections ; the reasons given for why people voted for Obama seem to be predominantly economic , and their reasoning seems more fully structured by neo-liberal rationality than by religious concerns .
This is clearly one reason why Palin 's assigned public function to galvanize the majority of the electorate on moral issues finally failed .
But if " moral " issues such as gun control , abortion rights and gay rights were not as determinative as they once were , perhaps that is because they are thriving in a separate compartment of the political mind .
In other words , we are faced with new configurations of political belief that make it possible to hold apparently discrepant views at the same time : someone can , for instance , disagree with Obama on certain issues , but still have voted for him .
This became most salient in the emergence of the counter Bradley - effect , when voters could and did explicitly own up to their own racism , but said they would vote for Obama anyway .
Anecdotes from the field include claims like the following : " I know that Obama is a Muslim and a Terrorist , but I will vote for him anyway ; he is probably better for the economy . "
Such voters got to keep their racism and vote for Obama , sheltering their split beliefs without having to resolve them .
Along with strong economic motivations , less empirically discernible factors have come into play in these election results .
We cannot underestimate the force of dis-identification in this election , a sense of revulsion that George W. has " represented " the United States to the rest of the world , a sense of shame about our practices of torture and illegal detention , a sense of disgust that we have waged war on false grounds and propagated racist views of Islam , a sense of alarm and horror that the extremes of economic deregulation have led to a global economic crisis .
Is it despite his race , or because of his race , that Obama finally emerged as a preferred representative of the nation ?
Fulfilling that representative - function , he is at once black and not - black ( some say " not black enough " and others say " too black " ) , and , as a result , he can appeal to voters who not only have no way of resolving their ambivalence on this issue , but do not want one .
The public figure who allows the populace to sustain and mask its ambivalence nevertheless appears as a figure of " unity " : this is surely an ideological function .
Such moments are intensely imaginary , but not for that reason without their political force .
As the election approached , there has been an increased focus on the person of Obama : his gravity , his deliberateness , his ability not to lose his temper , his way of modeling a certain evenness in the face of hurtful attacks and vile political rhetoric , his promise to reinstate a version of the nation that will overcome its current shame .
Of course , the promise is alluring , but what if the embrace of Obama leads to the belief that we might overcome all dissonance , that unity is actually possible ?
What is the chance that we may end up suffering a certain inevitable disappointment when this charismatic leader displays his fallibility , his willingness to compromise , even to sell out minorities ?
He has , in fact , already done this in certain ways , but many of us " set aside " our concerns in order to enjoy the extreme un-ambivalence of this moment , risking an uncritical exuberance even when we know better .
Obama is , after all , hardly a leftist , regardless of the attributions of " socialism " proffered by his conservative opponents .
In what ways will his actions be constrained by party politics , economic interests , and state power ; in what ways have they been compromised already ?
If we seek through this presidency to overcome a sense of dissonance , then we will have jettisoned critical politics in favor of an exuberance whose phantasmatic dimensions will prove consequential .
Maybe we cannot avoid this phantasmatic moment , but let us be mindful about how temporary it is .
If there are avowed racists who have said , " I know that he is a Muslim and a terrorist , but I will vote for him anyway , " there are surely also people on the left who say , " I know that he has sold out gay rights and Palestine , but he is still our redemption . "
I know very well , but still : this is the classic formulation of disavowal .
Through what means do we sustain and mask conflicting beliefs of this sort ?
And at what political cost ?
There is no doubt that Obama 's success will have significant effects on the economic course of the nation , and it seems reasonable to assume that we will see a new rationale for economic regulation and for an approach to economics that resembles social democratic forms in Europe ; in foreign affairs , we will doubtless see a renewal of multi-lateral relations , the reversal of a fatal trend of destroying multilateral accords that the Bush administration has undertaken .
And there will doubtless also be a more generally liberal trend on social issues , though it is important to remember that Obama has not supported universal health care , and has failed to explicitly support gay marriage rights .
And there is not yet much reason to hope that he will formulate a just policy for the United States in the Middle East , even though it is a relief , to be sure , that he knows Rashid Khalidi .
The indisputable significance of his election has everything to do with overcoming the limits implicitly imposed on African - American achievement ; it has and will inspire and overwhelm young African - Americans ; it will , at the same time , precipitate a change in the self - definition of the United States .
If the election of Obama signals a willingness on the part of the majority of voters to be " represented " by this man , then it follows that who " we " are is constituted anew : we are a nation of many races , of mixed races ; and he offers us the occasion to recognize who we have become and what we have yet to be , and in this way a certain split between the representative function of the presidency and the populace represented appears to be overcome .
That is an exhilarating moment , to be sure .
But can it last , and should it ?
To what consequences will this nearly messianic expectation invested in this man lead ?
In order for this presidency to be successful , it will have to lead to some disappointment , and to survive disappointment : the man will become human , will prove less powerful than we might wish , and politics will cease to be a celebration without ambivalence and caution ; indeed , politics will prove to be less of a messianic experience than a venue for robust debate , public criticism , and necessary antagonism .
The election of Obama means that the terrain for debate and struggle has shifted , and it is a better terrain , to be sure .
But it is not the end of struggle , and we would be very unwise to regard it that way , even provisionally .
We will doubtless agree and disagree with various actions he takes and fails to take .
But if the initial expectation is that he is and will be " redemption " itself , then we will punish him mercilessly when he fails us ( or we will find ways to deny or suppress that disappointment in order to keep alive the experience of unity and unambivalent love ) .
If a consequential and dramatic disappointment is to be averted , he will have to act quickly and well .
Perhaps the only way to avert a " crash " – a disappointment of serious proportions that would turn political will against him – will be to take decisive actions within the first two months of his presidency .
The first would be to close Guantanamo and find ways to transfer the cases of detainees to legitimate courts ; the second would be to forge a plan for the withdrawal of troops from Iraq and to begin to implement that plan .
The third would be to retract his bellicose remarks about escalating war in Afghanistan and pursue diplomatic , multilateral solutions in that arena .
If he fails to take these steps , his support on the left will clearly deteriorate , and we will see the reconfiguration of the split between liberal hawks and the anti-war left .
If he appoints the likes of Lawrence Summers to key cabinet positions , or continues the failed economic polices of Clinton and Bush , then at some point the messiah will be scorned as a false prophet .
In the place of an impossible promise , we need a series of concrete actions that can begin to reverse the terrible abrogation of justice committed by the Bush regime ; anything less will lead to a dramatic and consequential disillusionment .
The question is what measure of dis-illusion is necessary in order to retrieve a critical politics , and what more dramatic form of dis- illusionment will return us to the intense political cynicism of the last years .
Some relief from illusion is necessary , so that we might remember that politics is less about the person and the impossible and beautiful promise he represents than it is about the concrete changes in policy that might begin , over time , and with difficulty , bring about conditions of greater justice .
How can we protect ourselves against the threats of germs and toxins ?
Cold War America gears up to fend off threats from unconventional bioweapons .
After the third year of Monday Night Football on ESPN , the trio of Tirico , Jaworski and Kornheiser have definitely improved in the booth , but there are still some things that bother both myself and the masses .
Kornheiser does n't seem to annoy everyone as much as in years past , and is starting to settle into his role , but some of his tangents and on - air " articles " remain over - the - top .
The constant Brett Favre talk through the first five games or so was unnecessary , and it took a chastising from Tirico to finally make him stop .
Other than that , the only other thing the trio suffered from was a set of terrible games .
But even with some stinkers , Monday Night Football was the most watched program on cable this past year .
Via ESPN PR ....
ESPN ’s third season of Monday Night Football was the most - watched series on cable television in 2008 , set an all - time cable viewership record for the third straight year and drew the year ’s three biggest cable household audiences and 13 of the top 15 .
In three seasons on ESPN , Monday Night Football has registered seven of the top 10 all - time biggest household audiences in cable history , led by the Eagles - Cowboys telecast on September 15 , which attracted cable ’s largest household audience ever ( an average of 12,953,000 million homes ) .
ESPN ’s 17 Monday Night Football telecasts in 2008 averaged a 8.9 rating , representing an average of 8,679,000 households ( 11,962,000 viewers – P2 + ) , increases of 3 % , 5 % and 7 % , respectively , vs. 2007 ( 8.6 ; 8,277,000 and 11,230,000 ) .
MNF ended on a particularly strong note with last night ’s Chicago Bears ’ 20 - 17 overtime victory over the Green Bay Packers delivering a 9.8 rating , representing an average of 9,582,000 households ( 13,803,000 viewers – P2 + ) .
The game ranks as the third - largest household audience on cable this year .
10 .
Mike Tirico
9 .
Jaws
Mike Tirico
8 .
Tony Kornheiser
7 .
Mike Ditka
6 .
Emmitt Smith
5 .
Mike Tirico
Tony Kornheiser
Mike Tirico
4 .
Tony Kornheiser
3 .
Tony Kornheiser
Ron Jaworski
Mike Tirico
2 .
Tony Kornheiser
Tony Kornheiser
1 .
Emmitt Smith
The numbers do n't lie , and for those of you expecting or wanting a change , are n't going to be getting it anytime soon .
I know we poke fun at the trio each Monday night , but they 're slowly getting better each season and each broadcast .
If it ai n't entirely broken , I 'm sure ESPN feels no need to fix it .
And they honestly should n't mess with what 's working ( for the most part ) at this point .
That 's not to say that there were n't some funny moments and quotes throughout the year , so what I 've done is come up with a top ten set of quotes , and a compilation video of clips I 've saved throughout the year .
We 've got Tony apologizing for a comment on Hispanic Heritage Day , Emmitt being Emmitt ( Plaxico Berries , Rites of Patches and more ) and Kat Deluna butchering the National Anthem .
So buckle up and enjoy your 2008 Monday Night Football Season in just eight short minutes !
" Hi Brett , Hi Diana . " - during the Week One Packers - Vikings matchup " This is not a Buccaneer team that 's built to come from behind . "
-" But they have , on the road .
3 times . "
-" Does that mean that , Delhomme , he went to Jarrett ? "
- " Great play calling , I can't tell you anything else .
Very hard . "
-" The good thing about being short is that everyone else is tall .... " -" They were dooing for Deuce McAllister . " - " Dooing ? " -" Deucing . " -" We put the focus on Favre because people like me are in love with him . "
- " That 's exactly the kind of pass Favre would have thrown .
Does it remind you of him at all ? " -" Yes , but you 've got to let it go , Tony . " -" I 'm going to put a Favre moratorium on the Second Half .
You only get five mentions ! " - " I took high school Spanish , either he said he 's not going to be caught , or please pick up my dry cleaning tomorrow . "
-" I said something before which I should n't have said , I apologize for it .
Not my first mistake , undoubtedly wo n't be my last , but a 100 % apology . " -" This kid has obviously not earned his rites of patches in the locker room . "
-____________________Thanks again to all of you who took the time to join in on the live - blogs each Monday Night , and sorry for bailing near the end of the season ( there was good reason , but I do n't want to bore you with the details ) .
Palin insists she knows Africa a continent , blaming ' bloggers in basements '
John Byrne
Published : Tuesday November 11 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a wide - ranging interview Monday with Fox News ' Greta van Susteren in which she said " God " would show her the way to the White House , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin decried bloggers " sitting in their parents ' basement , wearing their pajamas " for some of the questions that were raised about her credibility .
The video appears below .
Palin also dismissed reports following last week 's election suggesting she was unaware Africa was a continent , not a country , insisting the question had never arisen during discussions about the region .
" We discussed what was going on in Africa .
And never , ever did I talk about , well , gee , is it a country or is it a continent , " Palin said .
" I just do n't know about this issue .
So I do n't know how they took our one discussion on Africa and turned that into what they turned it into . "
VERO BEACH , Fla. , Dec. 4 ( UPI ) -- Florida authorities say a cheeseburger was the weapon of choice for a man who allegedly assaulted his girlfriend .
Vincent Gonzalez , 22 , Vero Beach , Fla. , was arrested this week after he allegedly smashed a burger into the victim 's face twice during a domestic dust - up in their driveway .
Advertisement
TCPalm.com said Thursday that according to Indian River County sheriff 's deputies , the couple had a sack of McDonald 's food in the car when then argument began .
After throwing the woman 's drink out the window , Gonzalez allegedly ground his cheeseburger into her face .
The woman alleged that he did it a second time after they had gotten out of the vehicle to continue the argument .
Despite the steady advances that video game writing has made over the past few years , it 's safe to say that the medium is nowhere near as respected as its cousins in film , television , or literature .
But while many see this as a negative , Rockstar 's Dan Houser — one of the lead writers on Grand Theft Auto IV — believes that it is actually a good thing , because it gives writers more freedom and allows them to be much more creative .
“ It 's really fun at the moment because we 're not in any Academy and the medium 's not codified , " Houser told The Telegraph .
" There 's no accepted way of doing anything so that gives us enormous pleasure because we can make it up as we go along .
Movies and TV and books have become so structured in the way they have to approach things .
Not working in that environment gives us enormous freedom .
I 'd rather keep the freedom and not have the respect . ”
While there is definitely some truth to what Houser said , it 's important to note that most games do indeed feature a fairly standardized structure , with the inclusion of cut scenes , dialogue trees , and the like .
Of course games do offer some unique narrative opportunities , something which Rockstar is exploring with the upcoming downloadable episode for GTAIV , The Lost and Damned , which will be released on the Xbox 360 on February 17 .
Ben 's thoughts
I agree that at this stage of gaming there is some freedom to be had , but it 's not like many developers or publishers are taking advantage of it ; most games fit easily into one of a very few genres , complete with the tropes and conventions associated with it .
The problem with the lack of respect for games , as opposed to film , is that you 're not allowed to explore many topics .
Can you image a gaming version of Milk ?
Can you imagine a gaming version of Basic Instinct ?
Movies are allowed to tackle any subject , and if the visuals are too rough for the mainstream they can still grab an NC - 17 rating and play in arthouse theaters , or be sold on DVD .
For games an AO rating is a death sentence , and sex and politics , to pick only two subjects , are treated in only the most basic ways .
Freedom is only important if you use it .
Since so few people tend to do so , there 's nothing wrong with hoping for a little more respect .
By Peter Duveen
PETER'S NEW YORK , Jan. 9 , 2009 -- Reagan Administration treasury official and author Paul Craig Roberts said yesterday he believes the Twin Towers of of New York City 's World Trade Center did not collapse from aircraft impacts , but were taken down by explosives .
On the morning of September 11 , 2001 , two commercial jets collided with each of the Twin Towers .
U.S. government accounts consistently assert that the buildings collapsed because they were weakened by fire and mechanical damage resulting from the jet impacts .
But a growing number of critics of the government 's version insist the buildings were taken down by a carefully arranged sequence of explosions known as a controlled demolition .
Extensive video documentation exists of the destruction of the two buildings and surrounding structures .
" Any fool can look at those films and see the buildings are n't falling down , they 're blowing up , " Roberts said on the Alex Jones radio program out of Austin , Texas , in a telephone interview .
Continued at www.petersnewyork.com
LEBANON -- Lori Haley and Mya Corbett hunch over a pile of yellow hexagons , trying to figure out how many hexagonal tables it would take to seat 25 guests .
The pair want to get the answer , but what they 're really itching to do is to come up with a formula that will tell them how many people they could seat for any given number of tables .
Suddenly , the girls detect a pattern , and one shouts : " ( t x 4 ) + 2 = s ! "
They try it on one table , two tables , eight tables -- it works .
They beam , flashing smiles that still feature baby teeth .
Lori and Mya just started third grade .
While most high schools in Oregon and across the nation struggle to get freshmen to pass algebra , one school district is trying something very different .
Are you smarter than a fifth - grader ?
Click on the graphic
Lebanon , which educates 4,000 students in eight schools , is pushing algebra on students as early as first grade .
And the kids are getting it .
More than 80 percent of Lebanon eighth - graders passed the state math test , compared with 66 percent at schools with similar demographics .
No other large or medium - size Oregon district outdid its peers by 15 percentage points .
Still , Lebanon leaders say they expect better results this school year and next , as more teachers adopt early algebra and pupils who 've been solving for x since primary school advance into higher grades and take state tests .
They also acknowledge that their successes in elementary and middle schools are not matched at Lebanon High , which posts some of the worst math scores in Oregon .
Math coach Joe Vore and others say they expect that will turn around as students who got a solid grounding in math during the early grades reach high school and as district efforts to improve math teaching shift to the high school .
No flash cards
Visit a Lebanon elementary math class , and you will see :
First - graders set up and solve formulas such as 9 - x = 5 , as they did when Raylene Sell talked with her class about " some teddy bears " walking away from the classroom rug , leaving five behind .
Third - graders suggest mathematically complex ways to arrive at 9 : - 219 + 228 or ( 10 x 5 ) - 40 - 1 , or even ( 3 x 3 ) + ( 8 x 8 ) - ( ( 4 x 4 ) + ( 4 x 4 ) ) - 32 .
Students do n't do worksheets , use flash cards or memorize multiplication tables .
Yet by third and fourth grade , most of them add , subtract and multiply quickly and accurately .
Fifth - graders grasp how small one - thousandth is compared with one - tenth , as is reflected on a typical gas meter -- a magnitude of difference that many adults get wrong .
And the kids actually seem to like the stuff .
When student Dakota Rose closed his folder after the gas meter lesson , he said to no one in particular : " I wish we could do more .
That was fun .
I liked the dials . "
Lebanon officials are loathe to proclaim their program perfect , noting that math instruction is evolving , that some teachers still use traditional methods and that the biggest payoffs are yet to come .
But they say they are confident that their new approach to teaching math is the way to go .
Among the key elements : Begin simple algebra and multiplication by first grade ; have every child talk extensively about his or her mathematical reasoning ; let students set up their own problems and equations and allow them to use big numbers if they choose ; cover few topics in great depth ; use lots of visual and hands - on modeling to make math ideas concrete .
" Something happens when they play with numbers every day -- numbers they come up with themselves , equations they write themselves , " says Marla Ernst , a teacher who also coaches fellow teachers .
She is largely responsible for finding the approach and spreading it districtwide .
" They get an innate sense of what is seven , what is a fraction . "
Smarter than you think
The Northwest Regional Education Laboratory , a Portland - based research and training agency , helped train more than 60 Lebanon teachers in the new math approach .
It is based largely on a teacher training technique called Cognitively Guided Instruction , or CGI , developed by education researchers at the University of Wisconsin at Madison .
Among the core ideas , according to CGI co-developer Thomas Carpenter :
Young children know more about math than most adults think they do .
Ask kids to talk a lot about their mathematical reasoning and then add to what they already know .
In Lebanon , teachers strive not to say " That was the wrong answer . "
They lean toward , " Can you tell me about your thinking ? "
Lebanon schools shine in math
Percent of students who met state math benchmarks in 2008 :
Lebanon :
• Grade 3 : 77
• Grade 5 : 86
• Grade 8 : 82
Similar schools *:
• Grade 3 : 77
• Grade 5 : 78
• Grade 8 : 66
State average :
• Grade 3 : 77
• Grade 5 : 77
• Grade 8 : 69
* Schools similar to Lebanon , where about half the students qualify for federally subsidized meals based on low family income .
-- Source : Analysis by The Oregonian of Oregon Department of Education figures
Kindergartners intuitively know how to add -- " you can have two more cookies " -- and subtract -- " put three of those toys away . "
They can create and solve much more interesting problems than 2 + 2 from their first weeks of school .
Children should also be asked to multiply and divide ( without necessarily using those terms or the division sign ) by first grade .
Perhaps more than anything else :
Do n't mislead kids , as most schools do , about the meaning of the equal sign .
Part of what converts teachers to the new approach is watching videos in which typical U.S. schoolchildren as old as third and fourth grade invariably give the wrong answer to this simple question : 8 + 4 = _ +
5 . Most answer " 12 , " because they have mistakenly learned that the equals sign means " give me the answer to the problem so far " rather than " make things equal on both sides of me . "
Which is why Sell 's first - graders are encouraged to think about problems in which the unknown -- the classic x of algebra , often discussed in Lebanon as " some " teddy bears or " some " cookies -- comes at the beginning or middle of the problem , not just at the end .
Other tools in the Lebanon math toolbox include lots of visual modeling of math ideas .
Plastic blocks represent hundreds , tens and ones ; kid -sized balances show ways make both sides equal to balance the scale ; number lines make it easy to see that 3/4 and 0.75 mean the same thing .
Lebanon 's approach is in line with recent national reports about what 's wrong with U.S. math classes and how to fix them .
The Center for Data - Driven Reform in Education at Johns Hopkins University reported this month that getting teachers to change their daily teaching practices does more to raise math achievement than buying new textbooks or computerized math programs .
And the National Math Panel , appointed by the president to find research - backed ways to improve math skills , concluded that the reason so many high school students fail first - year algebra is n't poor teaching in high school ; rather , it 's that they got through elementary and middle school without grasping the basics , including fractions , percentages and decimals .
In primary classrooms in Lebanon , students deftly use number lines , work with negative numbers and solve basic algebraic equations .
Few students sit stumped on the sidelines .
The day that ( 2 x 19 ) - 16 was one of the warmup equations in Beth Moore 's third - grade classroom , every hand went up when she asked how they 'd solved 2 times 19 in their heads so quickly .
Says 9 - year - old Casey McEuen : " Sometimes the problems can be very hard and difficult , but we can figure it out . "
-- Betsy Hammond ; betsyhammond@news.oregonian.com
After reading a post on hacking Akismet to add graphs I decided I liked the idea but I did n't want to store the data in a database .
It seemed like it would be better to store it using a RRD and then use the PHP RRD library .
So after a little hacking I 've created a version that does basically the same thing except uses a RRD .
A good place to start is the PHP RRDTool tutorial .
It will make it easier to read the following code if you have an idea of how to use the RRDTool extension .
All of the following changes should be made in the plugins / akismet directory .
The first part of the code is akismet_rrd .
php that adds a utility function for updating the RRD file .
It will create the file if it does n't already exist .
To gather the stats on incoming spam it uses a timestamp of the last time it ran and then queries WordPress 's comment table for anything marked as spam in increments that match the step used to set up the RRD .
The update function can be called in a number of locations but the most efficient seems to be right before any deletes happen .
<?php define ( 'AKISMET_RRD_FILE ' , ABSPATH . ' wp-content/plugins /' . dirname( plugin_basename( __FILE__ ) ) . '/ akismet.rrd ' ) ; define ( ' AKISMET_RRD_TS ' , 300 ) ; function akismet_update_rrd ( ) { $ last_update = get_option ( ' akismet_stat_last_update ' ) ; $ current_time = strtotime ( current_time ( ' mysql ' , 1 ) ) ; if ( $ last_update == 0 ) { $ last_update = $ current_time - ( AKISMET_RRD_TS * 200 ) ; } $ time_diff = $ current_time - $ last_update ; if ( $ time_diff > AKISMET_RRD_TS ) { update_option ( ' akismet_stat_last_update ' , ( $ current_time - ( ( $time_diff - AKISMET_RRD_TS ) % AKISMET_RRD_TS ) ) ) ; akismet_create_rrd ( ) ; global $ wpdb ; while ( $ last_update < $ current_time - AKISMET_RRD_TS ) { $ data = $ wpdb->get_row ( " SELECT COUNT ( 1 ) as spam_count FROM $ wpdb->comments WHERE comment_date_gmt BETWEEN FROM_UNIXTIME ( " .
$ last_update . " ) AND FROM_UNIXTIME ( " .
( $ last_update + AKISMET_RRD_TS ) . " ) AND comment_approved = ' spam ' " ) ; $ spam_count = 0 ; if ( $data ) { $ spam_count = $ data -> spam_count ; } rrd_update ( AKISMET_RRD_FILE , ( $ last_update + ( get_settings ( ' gmt_offset ' ) * 3600 ) ) . " :$ spam_count " ) ; $ last_update += AKISMET_RRD_TS ; } } } function akismet_create_rrd ( ) { if ( !file_exists ( AKISMET_RRD_FILE ) ) { $ opts = array ( " -- step " , AKISMET_RRD_TS , " -- start " , 0 , " DS: input : ABSOLUTE:600:0:100000 " , " RRA : AVERAGE:0.5:1:600 " , " RRA : AVERAGE:0.5:6:700 " , " RRA : AVERAGE:0.5:24:775 " , " RRA : AVERAGE:0.5:288:797 " , " RRA : MAX:0.5:1:600 " , " RRA : MAX:0.5:6:700 " , " RRA : MAX:0.5:24:775 " , " RRA : MAX:0.5:288:797 " ) ; rrd_create ( AKISMET_RRD_FILE , $ opts , count ( $opts ) ) ; } } ?>
The next step is the code to create graphs from the RRD in the file akismet_graph.
php .
This code registers the menu for WordPress in the Dashboard area and when displayed will generate the graphs for a day , month and year .
<?php include_once ( " akismet_rrd.php " ) ; define ( ' AKISMET_GRAPH_DIR ' , ABSPATH . ' wp-content/plugins /' . dirname( plugin_basename( __FILE__ ) ) . '/' ) ; add_action ('activity_box_end ' , ' akismet_stats ' ) ; function wp_akstat_add_pages ( ) { if ( function_exists (' add_submenu_page ' ) ) add_submenu_page('index.php ' , ' Akismet Graphs ' , ' Akismet Graphs ' , 1 , __FILE__ , displayit ) ; } add_action ( ' admin_menu ' , ' wp_akstat_add_pages ' ) ; function displayit ( ) { akismet_update_rrd ( ) ; $ opts = array ( " - - start " , " - 1d " , " -- title=Hourly Spam Graph " , " DEF : inspams= " .
AKISMET_RRD_FILE ." :input:AVERAGE " , " CDEF: hr=inspams,720 , * " , " LINE2:hr #00FF00 : Spams / Hour " , " COMMENT : \
" , " GPRINT:hr: AVERAGE : Avg Spams / Hour\ : % 6.2lf " , " COMMENT : " , " GPRINT : hr: MAX : Max Spams / Hour\ : % 6.2lf\\r " ) ; rrd_graph( AKISMET_GRAPH_DIR . " akismet_1d.gif " , $ opts , count ( $opts ) ) ; $ opts = array ( " - - start " , " - 1m " , " -- title =Daily Spam Graph " , " DEF : inspams= " .
AKISMET_RRD_FILE ." :input:AVERAGE " , " CDEF:dy=inspams ,8640 , * " , " LINE2:dy # 00FF00 : Spams / Day " , " COMMENT : \
" , " GPRINT:dy : AVERAGE : Avg Spams / Day\ : % 6.2lf " , " COMMENT : " , " GPRINT:dy : MAX : Max Spams / Day\ : % 6.2lf\\r " ) ; rrd_graph( AKISMET_GRAPH_DIR . " akismet_1m.gif " , $ opts , count ( $opts ) ) ; $ opts = array ( " - - start " , " - 1y " , " -- title=Monthly Spam Graph " , " DEF : inspams= " .
AKISMET_RRD_FILE ." :input:AVERAGE " , " CDEF:dy=inspams ,8640 , * " , " LINE2:dy # 00FF00 : Spams / Day " , " COMMENT : \
" , " GPRINT:dy : AVERAGE : Avg Spams / Day\ : % 6.2lf " , " COMMENT : " , " GPRINT:dy : MAX : Max Spams / Day\ : % 6.2lf\\r " ) ; rrd_graph( AKISMET_GRAPH_DIR . " akismet_1y.gif " , $ opts , count ( $opts ) ) ; $ img_loc = " /wp-content / plugins / " . dirname ( plugin_basename( __FILE__ ) ) . " / " ; ?> < div style = " text - align : center ; padding : 5 px ; " > < img src= " <? php echo $ img_loc ?>akismet_1d.gif " /> < br/> < img src= " <? php echo $ img_loc ?>akismet_1m.gif " /> < br/> < img src= " <? php echo $ img_loc ?>akismet_1y.gif " /> < br/> </div> <? php } ?>
The final step is to make some changes to akismet .
php to add the update functionality .
Put this at the top :
include_once ( " akismet_rrd.php " ) ;
include ('akismet_graph.php ' ) ;
Every place you find " DELETE FROM " add the following before it :
akismet_update_rrd ( ) ;
And finally here is what you will end up with after a few days :
One downside to the way this setup works is that you can miss some data if you delete quicker than the step time .
I figured that was ok since the graphs are averages , the step is only 5 minutes and most people probably do n't purge their spam that quickly .
Tags : php , akismet , rrd
Divination Clothing by Rock of Love Charm School 's Destiney Moore
, runner - up on VH1's Rock of Love Charm School , is launching Divination Clothing , a line of T - shirts and jeans designed by the former reality TV contestant .
Inspired after winning a challenge on Charm School to create a design for Ed Hardy , Destiny found the name for her new clothing line in a magazine .
" I saw the word “ Divination ” in a magazine and it totally popped out and was talking to me .
I was like , ' Whoa !
That is an awesome name for a clothing line . '
When I looked it up on the trademark website , no one had it !
It was so crazy .
Like , what !
I grabbed it .
It was meant for me .
It ’s very positive and that ’s what I ’m trying to promote now . "
" Once I did that Ed Hardy design , I really felt passionate about something .
Doing my own clothing line is something I always wanted , but I guess I never had the inspiration the way I do now .
Especially after meeting my boyfriend , everything fell into place .
I love creating things and making really cool stuff .
This is my career now . "
" I think she deserved to win and everything worked out for the best .
It was all meant to be .
If I would have won , I might not have met Eric .
I might have gone on a different path . "
WELCOME LETTER FOR MY CLOTHING LINE" DIVINATION " Hi Everybody ,
Welcome to Divination Clothing !!
This is something I have always wanted to do , and am very passionate about .
Please be patient with me , as this is just the beginning !!
My boyfriend and I are working our butts off to make it happen .
His line is more for the fellas and is called Virtuoso , also is the beginning for him as well .
So that means Divination is for the ladies out there :-)
We have an amazing bunch of people that we are working with to get our lines off the ground and running !!
We are in the process of building our websites , figuring out pricing , getting paypal set up so you can order , and satisfy our future customers !!
I will keep you all posted !!
We also do custom jeans and jackets , like the ones I wore on the reunion show .
Thanks for your support , and ROCK ON !!!!
with love ,
DESTINEY :-)
The 32 - year - old says she has always wanted to design her own clothing line , and winning the challenge was the catalyst to move forward .
Destiney says she is happy for Charm School winner Brandi M. , and credits the show for putting her on the right path .
According to Destiney , the first samples for the new line are in and they are mapping out a distribution plan .
In a post on her Myspace page dated December 17 , she writes : Photos below .
Don Becker King Salmon
Join Date : Jan 2002 Location : Welches , OR , and Long Beach , WA Posts : 30,286
Re : FW : Driveline Vibration Issue Quote : Shark Bait Originally Posted by I used to deal with stuff like this back when I was turning a wrench .
It always went something like this : . . . .
Me - - good morning , how may I help you ?
Customer - - I loaned my mower to my neighbor and now it wo n't run .
It 's only a year old .
Me - - ( checking it over )
Gee , it seems to be seized - up .
( checking oil level )
Wow , there 's no oil in here .
The oil is supposed to be here at the top of the reservoir filler and you only have a ( sticking my pinkie finger into the oil pan and showing him the very black oil dot on that finger ) trace at the very bottom .
Customer - - ( very indignant )
Well !
It had oil in it when it was new , did n't it ?
Growing - up in the garden equipment business it went something like this :- - good morning , how may I help you ?- -
I loaned my mower to my neighbor and now it wo n't run .
It 's only a year old .- - ( checking it over )
Gee , it seems to be seized - up .
( checking oil level )
Wow , there 's no oil in here .
The oil is supposed to be here at the top of the reservoir filler and you only have a ( sticking my pinkie finger into the oil pan and showing him the very black oil dot on that finger ) trace at the very bottom .- - ( very indignant )
__________________
Politics
The Independent
Ahead of the first debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden , debate organisers followed health guidelines and restrictions during the Covid - 19 pandemic to limit size of the in - studio audience and restrict the candidates ' interactions , including forbidding the traditional handshake between candidates before the start of the debate .
“ Extraordinarily painful to watch , ” said body language expert and motivational speaker Patti Wood , author of Snap : Making the Most of First Impressions , Body Language & Charisma . …
His choice to be on the attack , nonverbally he did that very specifically by looking at Biden when he was interrupting and talking over him , and turning his upper body toward him .
Private peek at a family making history :
The intimate backstage scenes of Obama 's election night vigil
As one man prepares to fulfil his destiny , the tension is overwhelming , the sense of expectation immense .
These fascinating behind - the- scenes pictures show the historic moment Barack Obama learned he had been elected as America 's first black president .
Fateful viewing : Barack Obama leans forward and wrings his hands as he watches John McCain give his concession speech on television during election night
Down time : Perhaps conserving his energy for his acceptance speech , Mr Obama leans his head back with his feet up on the table next to wife Michelle
Patience :
He listens intently as John McCain gives his concession speech on Wednesday morning .
Cloistered in a stark Chicago hotel room , and living up to his nickname ' No Drama Obama ' , he appears contemplative and often serious as he watches a giant TV screen showing John McCain delivering his concession speech .
With his feet up on the coffee table and clearly exhausted , Mr Obama is shown watching with his family as the results rolled in during the last hours of a 22 - month campaign journey that was on the brink of triumphant conclusion .
Moment before the speech that made history : Obama embraces wife Michelle as they walk out to make his acceptance speech in Chicago 's Grant Park
Mr Obama and his vice president Joe Biden shake hands as they romp to victory
Support : Mr Obama holds his mother - in - law Marian Robinson 's hand
Wringing his hands and his brow creased in a frown , some nerves are still visible to see on Mr Obama , 47 , and his whole family .
There 's little sign of jubilation - just a sober realisation of the challenge ahead .
Past presidents had their election night vigils charted in powerful photo essays in journalism heavyweights such as Life magazine or Time .
Family affair : Michelle shares a tender moment with their daughters
Mr Obama keeps his eyes glued to the television as he talks on the phone surrounded by his equally intent family
Mr Obama takes a rare break from the television to concentrate on his phone call
But , true to his message of change , Mr Obama simply posted his pictures - taken by his official photographer David Katz , and entitled simple Scenes on Election Night - on Flickr , a popular website mostly used by families to post their holiday snaps .
Those viewing the snapshots are able to leave comments , with most expressing their joy at Mr Obama 's victory .
The photos - some showing daughters Malia , ten , and seven - year - old Sasha looking tired and slightly bored at being up way past their bedtimes - give an extraordinary glimpse into the private life of Mr Obama on the most momentous night of his life .
There is also a shot of him having a quiet word with his vice president - elect Joe Biden .
Mrs Obama , 44 , is pictured wearing her red and black dress by designer Narciso Rodriguez .
It was later criticised by one fashionista as looking like a ' lava lamp ' .
Building an Open Source Community ?
Help
Is on the Way
by Ostatic Staff - Jan. 14 , 2009
Bugs , system conflicts , and errant bits of code add unique challenges to the technical area of open source development .
They also affect a project 's community -- and as any community manager can tell you , developing a healthy community is often more difficult ( and has higher stakes ) than rogue code .
Management is tough all round , but managing open source projects is different still .
Most developers are giving their time because the project interests them , and non-developers join because they find the project useful , and they want to share their enthusiasm .
But a community not being any one remotely homogenous group means that passions sometimes run high , and it's not always easy to keep a project 's community -- it 's life -- moving forward .
It may have just gotten easier .
Ubuntu 's Community Manager , Jono Bacon , announced his upcoming book , The Art of Community will be available later this year .
Bacon says the book will cover the basics of building a community and keeping it moving forward , but that communities are stories , anecdotes , and experiences , and discussing the first without the latter would simply be a textbook .
The Art of Community is slated for publication later in 2009 by O'Reilly .
It will be available in print format , under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike license .
In the meantime , Bacon will be posting updates , previews , and excerpts on the book 's web site .
Republican Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina gives the party line on the virtues of letting the Big Three go bankrupt to MSNBC's Norah O'Donnell :
Sanford :
We have examples before where businesses have gone into Chapter 11 and have come out stronger as a result .
If you look at United Airlines back in 2002 , it went into Chapter 11 and yet people got on planes every day and , quote , risked their lives if they took a United flight .
And it worked out -- United is still up and going .
If you look just recently , Circuit City filed Chapter 11 , people are still going in during the holiday season and shopping for cameras and videos and all the other things that one shops for .
Circ --
I mean , Chapter 11 is simply a way to reorganize a business , and to make decisions that you oftentimes cannot make without those bankruptcy law protections .
So what I would humbly suggest to the Big Three is , given the fact that certain things are clearly not in order with regard to their finances , use that tool as opposed to taxpayers , which is the easier course for them , but the much harder course for the rest of us as taxpayers , as the bailout mechanism .
Notice anything missing ?
What Sanford conveniently neglects to tell the MSNBC audience is what some of those " decisions you cannot make without those bankruptcy law protections " include , to wit :
--
The company can tear up any existing union contract it likes .
Say goodbye , UAW .
--
It can wipe out all its existing pension plans .
Sanford touts the United Airlines example , but neglects to mention that one of the really pernicious effects of that bankruptcy was how it utterly destroyed the company 's pension system .
There was a huge human toll paid , with 9/11 widows among the victims .
There will be a similarly monstrous human toll paid if we follow Sanford 's plan .
But then , for Republicans like him , that 's a negligible cost to begin with .
Have you ever tried to run Rails , Rspec , Rake or , for that matter almost any Ruby library or application that you 've ever heard of with the -w flag ?
How about running Rails with taint checking on ?
They are n't exactly pleasant experiences .
Meanwhile , over in Perl land , it 's a very rare module indeed that is n't at least clean under -w and , where appropriate , taint friendly .
It would be a very irresponsible Perl Monger indeed who wrote a web framework that did n't assume it was going to be running under the - T flag .
Warnings and taint checking are annoyances , and sometimes they 're flat out wrong , but more of the time they 're useful .
Which is why , in Perl , you 'll sometimes see blocks of code like :
{ no warnings ; # Code that does stuff which would trigger a warning }
If the author is being particularly careful , she will specify which warnings to suppress - after all , there 's no need to turn off all the warnings if all you 're intending to do is redefine a method .
So the prudent Perl programmer would write :
{ no warnings ' redefine ' ; # Code that redefines an existing method }
However , there are often ways of achieving your aim even with all the warnings on .
If modules that do n't have use warnings are rare on CPAN , modules that do n't have use strict will get the unwary programmer laughed at in the street .
There are modules that simply wo n't work under use strict , but they tend to have no strict , either wrapped around the narrowest scope that wo n't work under strict , or proudly displayed up front .
The presence of a no strict implies to the interested reader that the programmer knows ( or thinks he knows ) what he 's doing .
Writing code that does even the most implausible metaprogramming things without raising errors from strict or spamming STDERR with warnings is a matter of professional pride .
Writing straightforward code that stays silent is the absolute baseline for Perl programming professionalism in my book .
Meanwhile , here in Rubyworld , there 's no equivalent of strict and it's actively hard to start coding with warnings turned on because important frameworks like rspec and rails are n't -w clean .
In Perl , this is n't a problem , use warnings turns warnings on lexically .
Your code might well call all sorts of noisy code elsewhere but , unless you 're running with ~~w as well , you 'll only see the warnings for your code .
If you set $ VERBOSE , you 'll get all the warnings .
Warnings in the log file should be like red Fs in your test output ~ ~ a sign that all is not as good as it could be in your code .
Sure you could just ignore the ones you know are harmless , then you 're in danger of losing the real problems in the noise .
As a gesture of goodwill , here 's alias \_method \_chain written so it should raise no warnings except when the ' without ' method already exists .
Declan Wilkes
The London Daily News
January 7 , 2008
The London Daily News has learned there is an informal news blackout at BBC Radio over the mounting public outrage following the Gaza incursion by Israeli troops .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
According to sources , radio station phone in ’s have been screening out any callers wanting to talk about the Israeli air strikes and ground offensives in the Middle East .
The BBC’s Have Your Say comment sites are being heavily moderated – its main board ‘ How can a truce be achieved in Gaza ? ’ has had half of its 4,500 comments rejected on the basis of defamation , incitement to crime and hate , harassment , abuse , threats , harmful , obscene , profane , sexually oriented , homophobic or racially offensive language .
On the board ‘ Are the Israeli strikes on Gaza justified ? ’
Half of the 5,000 comments have also been removed for breaking the House Rules stated above .
Radio ban
Producers and presenters have been told to ‘ stay away ’ from the subject despite thousands taking to the streets the past few weeks in protest and support of the military action that has seen 600 killed and just recently 40 dead from an air strike at a school .
The self imposed ban has also been reflected in commercial radio with stations like Talksport rarely wanting to broach the subject and many others clearly steering away from on - air debates on the topic .
LBC has attempted to tackle the subject with on air debates .
Why ?
Radio bosses are keen not to enflame the situation and leave themselves open to accusations of bias toward one side or another – the Beeb , still reeling from the Jonathan Ross affair is in no mood for any controversy .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
UPDATED :
The Senate Finance Committee on Thursday approved the nomination of Timothy Geithner as secretary of the Treasury on an 18 - 5 vote , despite lingering doubts from Republicans on the panel over irregularities in the nominee ’s tax records .
Mr. Geithner , president of the Federal Reserve ’s New York regional bank , is expected to win quick confirmation by the full Senate , with lawmakers from both parties saying the critical Treasury post should not be left vacant as the nation confronts a severe financial crisis and a deepening recession .
At a lengthy hearing Wednesday , Mr. Geithner apologized repeatedly for what he called “ unintentional ” lapses in his tax filings , including faillng to pay promptly self - employment taxes he owed while working for the International Monetary Fund earlier in the decade .
He repaid some of his tax obligations after being picked by President Obama for the Treasury post .
“ I do n’t believe that the requisite candor exists for me to indicate my support for him with an affirmative vote , ” said Sen .
Jon Kyl , Arizona Republican , who earlier had called Mr. Geithner ’s explanations for his oversights “ implausible . ”
All five of the “ no ” votes came from panel Republicans , but there was no immediate indication as to which committee members they were .
A committee aide told The Washington Times that the deliberations lasted about 90 minutes before the committee voted .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , Montana Democrat , said the crisis facing the nation demanded quick action on the nominee .
“ Let us come together to support a nominee who has the leadership to transcend the distinct obstacles facing our nation in these troubled times , ” he said .
As head of the Federal Reserve ’s most influential regional bank , Mr. Geithner has played a critical behind - the - scenes role in formulating the Bush administration ’s response to the global credit meltdown and the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout program approved by Congress last fall .
Richard C. Gross contributed to this article .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Boys in the United States with common names like Michael and David are less likely to commit crimes than those named Ernest or Ivan .
David E. Kalist and Daniel Y. Lee of Shippensburg University in Pennsylvania compared the first names of male juvenile delinquents to the first names of male juveniles in the population .
The researchers constructed a popularity - name index ( PNI ) for each name .
For example , the PNI for Michael is 100 , the most frequently given name during the period .
The PNI for David is 50 , a name given half as frequently as Michael .
The PNI is approximately 1 for names such as Alec , Ernest , Ivan , Kareem , and Malcolm .
Results show that , regardless of race , juveniles with unpopular names are more likely to engage in criminal activity .
The least popular names were associated with juvenile delinquency among both blacks and whites .
The findings , announced today , are detailed in the journal Social Science Quarterly .
While the names are likely not the cause of crime , the researchers argue that " they are connected to factors that increase the tendency to commit crime , such as a disadvantaged home environment , residence in a county with low socioeconomic status , and households run by one parent . "
" Also , adolescents with unpopular names may be more prone to crime because they are treated differently by their peers , making it more difficult for them to form relationships , " according to a statement released by the journal 's publisher .
" Juveniles with unpopular names may also act out because they consciously or unconsciously dislike their names . "
The findings could help officials " identify individuals at high risk of committing or recommitting crime , leading to more effective and targeted intervention programs , " the authors conclude .
Data as of 5:06 pm ET , 09/29/2020
[ Image credit : Pirate Alice at Flickr , Creative Commons license ]
According to the US Department of Energy , over 1/3 of Americans ’ energy bills goes towards heating their homes .
By taking steps to reduce the energy devoted to home heating , you can lower your CO2 emissions by hundreds to thousands of pounds .
As temperatures drop this winter , there are a few things you can do before reaching for that thermostat .
The average American spends $ 1900 annually on energy bills , so on top of conserving fossil fuels , these tips should save you some cash , too !
Make sure your heating system is in good condition .
Before turning on the heat this winter , change your heating system ’s air filter .
Take a peek at your ducts and seal up any holes in the joints using shiny foil tape with a UL - 181 label or with duct mastic .
You can check the owner ’s manual for additional maintenance tips to keep it running efficiently .
Keep that thermostat at 68 °F .
For every degree you lower your heat in the 60 - degree to 70 - degree range , you conserve 5 % of your energy use .
Snuggle up in a warm sweater instead of turning up the heat .
Bonus : your cats are extra cuddly when it ’s a bit chilly in the house !
Take advantage of the sun !
Open your curtains during the day , and let the sun ’s energy warm up your house .
Pull the curtains at night to help stop heat from escaping through the glass .
Seal around your windows and doors .
Check around window and door frames for cracks or leaks where cold air could be seeping in .
You can seal these up with caulk .
For larger gaps , check out your local hardware store for sealing solutions .
Be a draft dodger .
Warm air can escape under exterior doors .
Seal up these areas by keeping a rolled up towel pressed against the bottom of the door , dorm - room style .
If you want to get fancy , WikiHow has a great tutorial on making your own !
Turn down your hot water heater .
Make sure it ’s set to “ normal ” or 120 degrees .
Any hotter is just a waste of energy .
Practice a little feng shui .
Set up your rooms so that places where you sit and sleep are not near big windows or exterior walls , wherever possible .
If your sofa , bed , or desk has to be near exterior walls or a big window , you might add a little warmth and flair with some heavy curtains over that window or a cheery wall - hanging .
Invest in a programmable thermostat .
According to the EnergyStar website , you can save as much as $ 180 per year on your energy bills , so these things pay for themselves pretty fast .
By setting your heat at a lower temperature while you ’re away or sleeping , you ’ll see big energy savings without sacrificing comfort .
Cover your floors .
If you have tile or hardwood floors , you can keep things cozy by laying out an area rug , especially if you have a basement or crawlspace .
Do n’t turn off those ceiling fans – reverse them !
I know , it sounds crazy .
Why would you run your ceiling fan when it ’s cold outside ?
Your fan is actually a great way to keep warm air circulating in your home .
Most come equipped with a switch to reverse the direction that the blades turn .
By flipping the switch and setting it on low , you can use your fan to push warm air that ’s trapped up at the ceiling down to the living area .
If you want to go a step further , try contacting your local utility company for an energy audit .
The EnergyStar website also has some great tools for assessing your home ’s energy efficiency !
July 18 , 2008 — jao
As much as i try to avoid it , i always end up with lots of usernames and passwords to remember , not to mention a couple of bank accounts and a credit card number for on - line shopping .
There ’s no way i’m going to remember any of them — why , i even need to keep track of my telephone number .
Time to write down a tidy nice little list , that is , time to look for and set up an adequate emacs mode or two .
When it comes to keeping lists , the table editor of org - mode is what you need .
Org-mode is included in emacs 22 , but Carsten &co .
keep adding new stuff and fixing bugs , so it wo n’t hurt you to get the unstable version from its website .
It comes with a nice manual and installing it is a freeze .
You enter table mode by typing a vertical bar ( | ) to separate columns :
* Bank accounts | Account | Credit card | Expiry date | Password | |-
From there TAB and RET are your friends : new rows are created and column widths adjusted automagically .
You can also add separators by starting a line with |- ( as i did above ) and typing TAB .
In no time you ’ll have something like this :
* Banks |-----------------+------------------+----------| | Account | Credit card | password | |-----------------+------------------+----------| |
The credit box | 8180819999999333 | fooo | | GNU Free Credit | 6969696969696969 | boobarp | | Engineering Safe| 0000000111111111 | passwdd | | paypal | | paaassss |
|-----------------+------------------+----------| * Sites |-------------------------------+------------------------+
| site | user | password |
|-------------------------------+------------------------+ |
http://www.gnu.org | a user name | password | | http://journals.foo.org | a user name | password | | http://philosophy.org | a user name | password | | http://linkedin.com | a user name | password | | http://www.pragpro.com
| a user name | password | | http://www.tug.org/members
| a user name | password | |-------------------------------+------------------------+ *
Source code repositories ...
All in conveniently foldable sections , so that you can expand only the interesting section .
But , of course , you do n’t want to save this as a regular file ( let alone publish it on the internet ) .
Even on a Unix machine , protecting it via file permissions is very weak .
Nah , what you want is to encrypt the thing .
To that end , one can use public key cryptography .
In a nutshell , you generate a pair of keys : one of them is private , only for your eyes , and therefore should be protected by a solid password ; the other one is public : you make it available to anyone that wants to communicate with you .
People then write their secret text and encrypt it using the public key .
When that ’s done , only your secret key ( barring the NSA ) can decipher the text .
Of course , nothing prevents you from using the same device to encrypt and decrypt your passwords file .
This being an emacs blog , i wo n’t delve into the details of using GnuPG to create a key pair if you do n’t already have it .
But you being an emacs user , i’m sure you ’ll be quite able to run gpg -- key - gen to generate your keys .
You could now use gpg to manually cipher and decipher the passwords file , but , you know , one uses emacs because it can do almost any thing for you .
In this case , EasyPG will take care of the chore of decrypting the file every time you open it and encrypting it back when it goes to disk .
The EasyPG package comes bundled with emacs 23 , and , again , it is very easy to install if you are using previous emacs versions .
This is the configuration i use for this package :
;; Emacs 23 : bundled EasyPG ( require 'epa ) ( epa-file - enable )
or , if you installed it externally :
;; EasyPG installed in path / to / epg ( add - to - list ' load - path " path/to/epg " ) ( require ' epa-setup ) ( epa-file - enable )
( Yeah , it ’s called easy for a reason ! )
With this magic incantation in place , every time you open a file with the extension .gpg , EasyPG will do the work for you .
So , all that is left to do is to save our file as , say , dobeedoo.gpg and inform emacs that we want to open it as an org - mode file by adding the following first line to it :
-*- mode : org -*- -*- epa-file - encrypt-to : ( " my_key_email@foo.org " ) -*-
As you can see , we ’re also telling EasyPG what key it should use for its cryptographic activities .
That ’s it .
No rocket science here , but very handy nonetheless , and a very nice example of how different major ( org ) and minor ( org - table , epa ) emacs modes can work together for you .
A perfect use case of minor modes providing functionality orthogonal to that in the major mode , which is caring about the actual file contents .
Personally , this is also the use case that got me started with org - mode : may it enlighten you too 🙂
Happy encrypting !
( BTW , now that you have EasyPG installed , try M-x epa -list - keys , a nice keyring browser , if you ask me . )
Ever since I sat down with Reed Hastings , the CEO of Netflix , at our NewTeeVee Live conference this past November , I have a new - found appreciation for the Los Gatos , Calif . - based company and its plans to capture the video - over - broadband market .
( Watch his conversation with Chris Albrecht and me , in which he talks about the broadband TVs , at the bottom of this post . )
In his keynote , Hastings said :
We want to watch what we want , when we want , where we want , and discover the content how we want .
So how well are we doing in the areas of “ where , ” “ when , ” “ what ” and “ discoverability ” ?
We ’re about 15 percent of the way to “ what you want , ” 100 percent at “ when you want , ” 15 percent towards “ where you want , ” and 25 percent for “ discover your want . ”
To get even farther we need a standard for connecting thousands of video web sites and many devices .
While the bulk of its business today comes from renting DVDs via snail mail , the company is preparing for the future and is signing up partners , such as set - top box maker Roku , that are embedding its Netflix on Demand service in their broadband devices .
Netflix first introduced its instant streaming service for PCs in January 2007 .
Another of Netflix ’s partners , LG Electronics , is going to announce a new range of “ broadband HDTVs ” that will essentially have a small tiny Linux - powered , Internet - friendly computer embedded in the back of the display and will be able to get video right off the Internet .
These televisions will now be able to get Netflix on Demand at the click of a button on the remote control .
In addition to these new broadband - enabled televisions , LG will embed Netflix ’s instant streaming service in five new Blu-ray players .
And LG is n’t the only company toying with the idea of broadband televisions .
Several TV makers — desperate to revive their slowing sales — are looking to embed computers directly into their televisions , making it easier for folks to stream movies or watch Hulu on their big screens .
Broadband TVs , if done right , have the potential to be truly disruptive ( especially since Netflix is streaming in HD ) , for they will introduce online video into a whole new market .
ABI Research recently predicted that Net - connected televisions would help online video viewers grow to more than 940 million by 2013 , up from 563 million at the end of 2008 .
I ’m not sure if I buy the timeline , but the general theme has a lot going for it .
With one less dedicated device to muck around with , most consumers are going to find it easier to watch video over broadband .
In other words , this is n’t good news for tiny startups with big set - top box ambitions .
The rapidly falling prices of memory and the availability of ever faster and cheaper microprocessors and other chips is going to eliminate the need for dedicated set - top boxes .
( These set - top box makers are also facing competition from gaming consoles and new DVD players with built - in video - over - broadband capabilities . )
Broadband TVs will also give the carriers major migraines , because they ’ll bring the Internet based offerings to compete with the cable and telephone companies ’ video - on - demand offerings .
The carriers have spent billions of dollars building out their networks and are hoping for a VOD payout .
Unable to compete with Internet - based offerings because of their business models , most of them ( Comcast , Time Warner Cable , AT&T and others ) are embracing tiered broadband services , making it prohibitively expensive for consumers to buy video elsewhere .
The very potential of this market is why guys like Cisco , Intel , and Yahoo are spending a lot of their energy on broadband televisions .
Related Posts :
* 2008 : Set - top boxes set - up for a fight .
* Intel , Yahoo look to widgetize the living room web .
* The battle over your TV
* Why tiered broadband is the enemy of innovation .
Copyright 2009 GigaOm .
All Rights Reserved .
On the road again
Today is my last long drive for a while .
I ’ll try to post a Sunday Sample tonight , or maybe tomorrow .
But for now , here ’s a problem to chew on .
In a multiple choice test , one question was illegible , but the following choice of answers was clearly printed .
Which must be the right answer ?
All of the below None of the below All of the above One of the above None of the above None of the above
It looks like there are thirty big fantasy / sci - fi movies coming out in 2009 , so for fellow otaku out there , here are the thirty movies to choose from this year .
( My motto - if it is n’t geeky or winning an Oscar , just catch it on Netflix . )
A decent crop , I suppose .
I ’m excited for that guy above , The Watchmen ( Fox is a bitch ) , Star Trek ( not at all a Trekkie , but the trailer was killer ) , Harry Potter ( duh ) and James Cameron ’s Avatar ( finally ) .
I ’m bracing myself for massive disappointment with Transformers 2 ( b/ c the first one was nothing to write home about ) and GI Joe ( come on - get one toy commercial movie right ! ) as well as Terminator Salvation .
Let me take a second to point out that Terminator Salvation was written by the most pedigreed movie team of all time – Paul “ Crash , Million Dollar Baby , Casino Royale ” Haggis , Shawn “ The Shield ” Ryan and Jonothan “ Dark Knight , The Prestige , Memento ” Nolan .
Now let me then point out that it is directed by the most I ’d - rather - punch - myself - in - the - face - repeatedly - for - two - hours - than - watch - his - movies director - McG .
The guy who brought us Charlie ’s Angels .
Okay , enough from me : the 30 Fantasy / Sci-Fi Movies of 2009 :
( after the jump )
January :
Outlander : Jesus ( Jim Caviezel ) rallies vikings to attack alien monsters .
Awesome .
February :
Coraline : Stop-motion adaptation of a Neil Gaiman book .
Hell yes .
Push : Telekinetic teens run around Hong Kong .
WTF ?
Street Fighter - the Legend of Chun Li : Let ’s remake a shitty movie as another shitty movie !
March :
Watchmen : Needs no introduction .
The geek universe is crossing its collective fingers so tightly , they ’re bleeding .
Basically , the geek equivalent of mass stigmata .
Race to Witch Mountain :
One of my favorite movies as a kid + the Rock = Brilliance .
Knowing :
It involves numbers , conspiracies and Nic Cage .
FAIL .
Monsters vs Aliens : 3D animated version of the title .
So cute I ’m vomiting , but we ’ll …. see … .
April :
Dragonball :
If you look up FAIL in the dictionary …
Crank - High Voltage : I guess if you were a fan of the first , somehow …
May :
Wolverine : Please , lord , let this be 1/100th as amazing as it could / should be …
Star Trek : Ditto on this one .
Terminator : Salvation – McFail .
June :
Land of the Lost : Regurgitating an old TV show with Will Ferrell ?
Are you emulating Tim Allen now , Will ?!
Transformers
2 : We can all hope , I guess …
2012 : Any movie who ’s trailer says “ Google 2012 ” is a giant fruit basket of fail .
July :
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince : Should be decent to great , though again , it ’ll rush through the plot so fast you ’ll get nauseous .
They Came From Upstairs :
Teens discover alien invasion on vacation .
Yawn .
August :
GI Joe : Rise of the Cobra : What Hollywood exec swears that the most powerful word in a title is RISE ?!?
Fantastic Four , Rise of the Silver Surfer bombed !!
Stop using that goddamn word !!!
September :
Game : Ludicrous plus The Dude From 300 pull a Running Man. Hmmm … I ’m listening …
9 : This movie is released on my coolest birthday ever - 9/9/09 .
Please come to my party instead .
The Surrogate : It takes the Arrested Development idea of using a Surrogate and makes it a sci- fi comic book movie .
As far as I know , Michael Cera is n’t in it .
Yuck .
October :
Zombieland : Based on the title alone , zombiefail .
AstroBoy : CG anime .
I hope it ai n’t Speed Racer .
November :
The Box : Based on the book by Richard “ I Am Legend ” Matheson and directed by Richard “ Donnie Darko ” Kelly .
If this movie sucks , I ’m probably ending my life .
The Wolfman : Benicio del Toro is a werewolf ?
Sign me up thrice .
New Moon : Twilight 2 . See Hawkes Klein ’s review of Twilight .
I second that emotion .
Planet 51 : The Rock ventures into space .
Well , it stars Dwayne “ I Will See Any Movie Where You Punch Someone ” Johnson .
Let me know if its violent , and I ’ll be there .
December :
Avatar : No introduction necessary .
After slumbering for 40,000 years , James Cameron is back .
The Road :
The book bored me to tears .
Maybe the movie will fare better ?
For the full list , check out my new favoritest blog , io9 .
You see , I do n't eat Cup Noodle .
It 's not that I do n't like it , because I do .
Love it .
I want that month 's worth of sodium flowing through my veins daily , and I 'd love to pack those fried , dried , and then packaged starch bricks onto my already dangerously pudgy waistline .
But my job as a world - renowned internet personality requires that I watch my figure .
Or maybe I 'm just tired of looking like a blogger .
But the old me -- the Cup Noodle slurping me -- would love to have a in - home vending machine .
I 'd rock the Cheese Curry flavor daily .
And smell like it .
Maker Nissin is actually giving one away ... in Japan .
It 's a mini version , though .
Cup Noodle My Vending Machine , they call it .
You pop the top , drop your cup in there , hit the button , and out comes re-hydrated crap deliciousness .
Danny Choo says that it 's Nissin 's way of thinking the millions of love - handle - sporting , Cup Noodle - breathed fans out there .
I say it 's a dream come true for the shut-ins .
But so is a microwave oven .
Dr. Don Cooper
Individual nerve cells in the front part of the brain can hold traces of memories on their own for as long as a minute and possibly longer , researchers at UT Southwestern Medical Center have found .
The study , available online and appearing in the February issue of Nature Neuroscience , is the first to identify the specific signal that establishes nonpermanent cellular memory and reveals how the brain holds temporary information .
It has implications for addiction , attention disorders and stress - related memory loss , said Dr. Don Cooper , assistant professor of psychiatry at UT Southwestern and senior author of the study conducted in mice .
Researchers have known that permanent memories are stored when the excitatory amino acid glutamate activates ion channels on nerve cells in the brain to reorganize and strengthen the cells ' connections with one another .
But this process takes minutes to hours to turn on and off and is too slow to buffer , or temporarily hold , rapidly incoming information .
The researchers found that rapid - fire inputs less than a second long initiate a cellular memory process in single cells lasting as long as minute , a process called metabotropic glutamate transmission .
This transmission in the most highly evolved brain region holds moment - to - moment information .
These cellular findings have implications for how the human brain stores rapidly changing information , like the temporary memory a card shark uses when counting cards in a game of Black Jack and , as casinos have figured out , it is the memory that is most sensitive to the disruptive effects of alcohol and noisy distractions , Dr. Cooper said .
" It 's more like RAM [ random access memory ] on a computer than memory stored on a disk , " Dr. Cooper said .
" The memory on the disk is more permanent and you can go back and access the same information repeatedly .
RAM memory is rewritable temporary storage that allows multitasking . "
The researchers identified in mice a specific metabotropic glutamate receptor called mGluR5 that , when turned on , starts a signaling cascade using calcium to hold a memory trace .
This fast , short - term memory process happens inside individual cells ; with long - term memory , additional proteins cause slow reorganization between cells in a network to establish a permanent memory .
Researchers examined brain cells from mice using nanoscale electrodes to measure the memory formation process .
To further understand how this short - term memory process relates to addiction , researchers applied the neurochemical dopamine to the memory buffer nerve cells .
Dopamine is normally needed at an optimal level for an individual to focus attention and engage in fast decision - making memory , but drugs of abuse overload the brain with a surge of dopamine .
In the study , researchers found that an experimental drug that activates a specific type of dopamine receptor " focused " the nerve cells , making the memory trace less susceptible to distraction .
When researchers employed an animal model of drug addiction using cocaine , they also found that repeated exposure to addictive levels of cocaine reduced memory trace activation in the memory buffer cells .
When researchers then activated dopamine signaling in the " addicted " animals , essentially adding more dopamine to their systems , no focusing effect was observed .
" This makes sense because we know from human and animal models of addiction , when a decision using working memory has to be made , brain imaging shows a deficit in the same area of the brain we looked at , " Dr. Cooper said .
" It all fits together . "
Researchers next plan to identify the ion channel responsible for holding and regenerating a memory trace .
Their goal is to develop new pharmacological and genetic tools that will allow them to manipulate and possibly expand decision - making memory capacity .
" If we can identify and manipulate the molecular components of memory , we can develop drugs that boost the ability to maintain this memory trace to hopefully allow a person to complete tasks without being distracted , " Dr. Cooper said .
" For the person addicted to drugs , we could strengthen this part of the brain involved with decision - making , allowing them to ignore impulses and weigh negative consequences of their behavior before they abuse drugs . "
Other researchers from UT Southwestern involved in the study in Dr. Cooper 's laboratory were Dr. Fang - Min Lu , assistant instructor of psychiatry ; Melissa Fowler , a graduate student in psychiatry ; Christopher Phillips , a medical student ; and Emin Ozkan , student research assistant in physiology .
Lead author Kyriaki Sidiropoulou from Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science 's Chicago Medical School and researchers from Ohio State University also participated in the study .
The study was funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse ; National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression ; the Alexander S. Onassis Public Benefit Foundation ; and the Department of Veterans Affairs .
Source : UT Southwestern Medical Center
Explore further COVID - 19 antibody studies across Brazil reveal Amazon region badly affected
" The white race can not survive without dairy products . " -- Herbert Hoover
As a grad student , I spend most of my time doing math , and the rest of my time feeling guilty for not doing math .
One of my friends who has “ been there ” suggested I should do something besides math during break .
Other friends said I should use this as a chance to do a ton of math .
Compromise : hang out in Seattle playing Grand Theft Auto IV and goofing off in Haskell .
So while the controller was n’t in my hands ( it was my host ’s XBox , after all ) , I thought it ’d be fun to see how succinctly I could get a real - time strategy game expressed in Haskell .
I ’m still working on it , but I figured I ’d post what I have for now .
This is literate Haskell , so you can dump this post into ghci and it ’ll be ready to rock .
If you pay close attention , you ’ll see that we have ( something close to ) knot - tying going on ( we use integers to identify objects , and tie the knot using them as a lookup key ) as well as some usage of software transactional memory .
In this post , we are going to write a real - time strategy game .
We wo n’t give it
a GUI ; instead , we are going to use a command - line interface , typing commands to
tell our army what to do .
The usual module imports :
> import Control .
Concurrent > import Control .Concurrent .STM > import Control .
Monad .
State > import Data.
Complex > import Data .
List > import Data .
Maybe
We will have three types of units :
> data UnitType = Builder | Refinery | Fighter > deriving ( Show , Eq )
Each type has its own initial health :
> type Health = Int > defaultHealth :: UnitType -> Health > defaultHealth Builder = 55 > defaultHealth Refinery = 8 > defaultHealth Fighter = 13
We need a notion of location .
I ’m going to use complex numbers for everything
since they come with a lot of functionality .
> type Location = Complex Double > type Velocity = Complex Double > type Speed = Double
There are a few commands we can give our units :
> data Command = Attack Unit | Mine | Build UnitType | Go Location | Idle > deriving Eq > instance Show Command where > show ( Attack _ ) = " Attack " > show Mine = " Mine " > show ( Build ut ) = " Build " ++ ( show ut ) > show ( Go l ) = " Go " ++ ( show l ) > show Idle = " Idle "
Units need to have some attributes :
> type UnitID = Int > data Unit = Unit { ident :: UnitID , > owner :: Player , > utype :: UnitType , > pos :: Location , > health :: Health , > cmd :: Command } > deriving Show > instance Eq
Unit where > u == v = ident u == ident v
Not all units can travel at the same speed .
Here ’s a function that tells us how
fast units move :
> speed :: Unit ->
Double > speed u = case ( utype u ) of > Builder -> 1 > Refinery -> 2 > Fighter -> 3
Not all units cause the same amount of damage :
> damage :: Unit ->
Health > damage u | utype u == Builder = 0 > | utype u == Refinery = 0 > | utype u == Fighter = 3
We need a notion of player .
Players have units :
> type Name = String > data Player = Player Name > deriving ( Eq , Show )
And a notion of game :
> data Game = Game { units :: [ Unit ] , > players :: [ Player ] , > idents :: [ UnitID ] , > msgs :: [ ( Unit , Command ) ] } > instance Show Game where > show g =
" Players : " ++ ( show $ players g ) ++ "
Units : " ++ ( show $ units g ) > makeGame :: [ Player ] -> Game > makeGame ps = Game [ ] ps [ 1 .. ] [ ]
We ’re going to use the State monad for , well , managing the state of the game .
But let ’s give it a fancy name , just to keep things clear :
> type GameSt a = State Game a
We need a command for adding a unit to the game .
> addUnit :: Player -> UnitType -> Location -> GameSt Unit > add Unit p ut l > = do g@Game{units=us , idents=i:is} <- get > let u =
Unit { ident = i , owner = p , utype = ut , pos = l , > health = defaultHealth ut , cmd = Idle } > put g{units=u:us , idents=is} > return u
We also need a command for telling units what to do .
> command :: Unit -> Command -> GameSt ( ) > command u c = do g <- get > put g{ msgs = ( u , c ) : ( msgs g ) } > return ()
Now we need a method for “ ticking ” the game .
First , we say that a player is
dead when they have no builders left .
> playerIsAlive :: Game -> Player -> Bool > playerIsAlive g p = foldl ( \t -> \u -> t || isBuilder u ) False ( units g ) > where is Builder u = ( owner u == p ) && ( utype u == Builder )
A game tick consists of ticking each of the units , then leaving only the players
who still are alive .
> tick :: GameSt ( Maybe Player ) > tick = do g@Game{ players = ps , units = us } <- get > let g' = g{ units = ( mapMaybe ( tickUnit g g ' ) us ) , > players = ( filter ( playerIsAlive g ) ps ) , > msgs = [ ] } > put g' > if ( length $ players g' ) == 1 then return ( Just $ head $ players g ' ) > else return Nothing
Unit ticking is the trickiest part .
Since the collection of units is a directed
cyclic graph ( units can attack each other ) , it is the case that we need to “ tie
the knot . ”
To do this , the tickUnit function needs to know what the updated
game state is , so that it can create references to the newly updated targets .
Luckily we are in a lazy evaluation situation , so this is completely reasonable .
> tickUnit :: Game -> Game -> Unit ->
Maybe Unit > tickUnit g@Game{ units = us } Game{ units = us ' } u > = ( takeDamage $ deliverMsgs $ procCmd u ) >>= checkPlayer > where procCmd u = case ( cmd u ) of > Idle -> u > Go l -> goTo l u > Attack v -> > maybe u{ cmd = Idle } > ( \v' -> ( goNear u $ pos v' ) { cmd = Attack v' } ) > ( find ( v == ) us ) > Mine -> u > Build _ -> u > goTo l u = let vec = ( l - ( pos u ) ) > vel = vec / ( 0 :+ ( ( magnitude vec ) * ( speed u ) ) ) > in if ( magnitude vec ) > 2 then u{ pos = l + vel } else u > goNear u l = let dist = magnitude $ ( pos u ) - l > in if dist > attackRange then ( goTo l u ) else u > takeDamage u = let h' = foldl ( checkAttack ) ( health u ) us > in if h' <= 0 then Nothing else Just u{ health = h' } > checkAttack h v = let dist = magnitude $ ( pos u ) - ( pos v ) > d = if is Attacking then ( - 1 ) else 0 > is Attacking = ( dist < = attackRange ) && > ( cmd v == Attack u ) > in ( d * damage v)+h > attackRange = 10 > deliverMsgs u = case ( filter ( ( == ) u . fst ) ( msgs g ) ) of > ( ( _ , c ) : _ ) -> u{ cmd = c } > [ ] -> u > checkPlayer u = if ( playerIsAlive g $ owner u ) then Just u else Nothing
Here ’s a function that , given a game , plays it for n turns .
If there ’s a winner
by then , the winner gets returned .
If not , it returns Nothing .
> play :: Int -> GameSt ( Maybe Player ) > play n = if n == 0 then return Nothing > else do mp <- tick > case mp of >
Nothing -> play $ max ( - 1 ) ( n - 1 ) > Just p -> return $ Just p
Here is what the game looks like :
> tim = Player " Tim " > chris = Player " Chris " > cyndi = Player " Cyndi " > ( w , g ) = runState ( > do tim_builder <- addUnit tim Builder ( 0 :+ 0 ) > chris_builder <- addUnit chris Builder ( 100 :+ 50 ) > cyndi_builder <- addUnit cyndi Builder ( 75 :+ 5 ) > tim_f1 <- addUnit tim Fighter ( ( - 3 ) :+ 0 ) > tim_f2 <- addUnit tim Fighter ( 0 :+ 0 ) > chr_f1 <- addUnit chris Fighter ( 0 :+ 0 ) > command tim_f1 ( Attack chris_builder ) > command tim_f2 ( Attack cyndi_builder ) > command chr_f1 ( Attack tim_f2 ) > play 100 > ) > ( makeGame [ tim , chris , cyndi ] )
If you play the above game , there wo n’t be a winner because chr_f1 will kill
tim_f2 before tim_f2 can finish killing cyndi_builder .
If you take out the
command to chr_f1 , then tim will win .
This is all pretty cool , but we still do n’t have any type of interactivity .
Once we start the game , it just kinda does its thing .
It ’d be much better if
we could feed commands in during the simulation .
To do this , we need to
introduce some concurrency .
We will have one thread that plays the game , and
another to feed commands into it .
We will use Software Transactional Memory to
manage the shared game object .
> makeSharedGame :: [ Player ] -> IO ( TVar Game ) > makeSharedGame = atomically .
newTVar .
makeGame > playSharedGame :: ( TVar Game ) -> IO Player > playSharedGame tvg = do w <- atomically $ > do g <- readTVar tvg > let ( w , g ' ) = runState tick g > writeTVar tvg g' > return w > case w of >
Nothing -> do threadDelay 1000 > playSharedGame tvg >
Just p -> return p
We ’ve got a bunch of commands for modifying game state .
Here ’s a function that
applies them to the shared game state thingy .
> applyCommand :: ( TVar Game ) -> ( GameSt a ) -> IO a > applyCommand tvg c = atomically $ > do g <- readTVar tvg > let ( a , g ' ) = runState c g > writeTVar tvg g' > return a
Here ’s an example of how we use this from ghci .
No special extensions needed :
shared <- makeSharedGame [ tim , chris , cyndi ] tim_builder <- applyCommand shared $ addUnit tim Builder ( 0 :+ 0 ) chr_builder <- applyCommand shared $ addUnit chris Builder ( 0 :+ 0 ) cyn_builder <- applyCommand shared $ addUnit cyndi Builder ( 0 :+ 0 ) forkIO $ ( playSharedGame shared ) >>= ( putStrLn .
( " Winner : " ++ ) . show ) tim_f1 <- applyCommand shared $ addUnit tim Fighter ( ( - 3 ) :+ 0 ) tim_f2 <- applyCommand shared $ addUnit tim Fighter ( 0 :+ 0 ) applyCommand shared $ command tim_f1 ( Attack chr_builder ) applyCommand shared $ command tim_f2 ( Attack cyn_builder )
For instance , here ’s what this looks like in ghci :
Now to get around to adding some more unit functionality , along with a graphical display of the game world !
Handedness , practice and talent in chess
By Guillermo Campitelli and Fernand Gobet
What are the respective roles of talent and practice in achieving high levels of expertise ?
This question has recently attracted considerable attention in psychology in domains such as music , sport , and games ( e.g. , see Robert Howard ’s recent contribution in ChessBase News ) .
For many years , our research has studied many aspects of chess psychology , such as the role of mental imagery , the details of chessplayers ’ decision processes , and the brain structures underpinning chess knowledge .
We have also addressed the talent / practice question in a study whose results have just been published in the journals Developmental Psychology and Learning and Individual Differences [ 1 ] .
Here we highlight the most important findings .
We submitted a group of Argentinian chess players ( three GMs , ten IMs , thirteen FMs , thirty - nine untitled players with international rating and thirty - nine players without international rating ) to a three - section questionnaire .
The first section had a number of questions related to practice issues ( e.g. , do you use databases ?
do you have a coach ? etc. ) .
The second part had a grid in which players had to report the number of hours per week they dedicated to chess ( individually and in group ) in each year of their chess career .
Finally , players had to fill in a handedness inventory , which measured to what extent they were right - handed , left - handed , or ambidextrous .
We found a high correlation between the number of hours players had dedicated to chess and their current rating : non-rated players reported , on average , 8,303 hours of dedication to chess ; rated players ( without title ) reported 11,715 hours ; FIDE masters reported 19,618 hours ; and international masters reported 27,929 hours .
( The three GMs did not fill in this part of the questionnaire . )
It should be pointed out that there was a high level of variability in the amount of practice .
For example , let us consider the number of hours of dedication that players needed to reach 2200 Elo points .
The average was around 11,000 hours , but one player needed only around 3,000 hours while another player spent more than 23,000 hours to achieve the same level .
Moreover , a few players spent more than 25,000 hours studying and practicing chess and did not achieve the level of 2200 Elo points .
As chess is a visuo - spatial game , one could expect that it engages the brain structures primarily devoted to visuo - spatial processing .
These structures tend to be located in the right hemisphere .
Given the way the brain is “ wired , ” the right part of the brain also controls the left part of the body .
Thus , one would expect that there is a larger proportion of individuals that are left - handed , or at least ambidextrous in the chess playing population than in the population at large .
In our sample , 17.9 % of the chessplayers were left - handed or ambidextrous .
This was significantly higher than in a control sample of non-chessplayers ( 10.2 % ) .
However , there were no significant differences between skill levels with respect to handedness .
Another possible predictor of chess skill might be starting age .
Indeed , in his famous book on chess rating , Arpad Elo proposed that there should be a critical age for learning chess , after which it is much harder to reach high levels of skill – just like with language .
Our data showed that there was a high correlation between the age at which players started playing chess seriously and their current rating .
The average age at which players of each group started playing seriously was the following : non-rated players , 18.6 years ; rated players , 14.2 years ; FMs , 11.6 years ; IMs , 10.3 years ; and GMs , 11.3 years .
Almost all the players with titles started playing seriously no later than the age of 12 .
In our sample , the probability of becoming an IM was 1 in 4 for players who started playing chess seriously at the age of 12 or earlier , whereas for the players who started later than this age , the probability that they would become an IM was only 1 in 55 .
Another interesting result was the rate of progress shown by players of different levels .
There was a significant difference ( around 80 Elo points ) in the average rating between the titled players and the rated players after 3 years of serious dedication to chess .
After the third year , the average gain was 7
Elo points per year for the first group , compared to only 1 Elo point per year for the second group .
The data on training activities also revealed noteworthy trends : 83 % of the players reported playing blitz , 80 % had a coach at some point , 67 % used databases , 66 % played against chess programs , 56 % followed games “ blindfold ” without using a chessboard , and only 23 % played blindfold games .
Some activities tended to be performed more by the stronger players than by the weaker players : receiving coaching , using databases and playing blitz .
Finally , stronger players tended to own more chess books than weaker players .
Together , these results suggest that practice is a necessary but not sufficient condition to achieve high levels of chess performance .
That is , practicing thousands of hours of chess is a must , but it might not be enough .
There are other factors that might contribute to the achievement of high levels of performance .
We found that playing seriously from the age of 12 or earlier is also a must if one wants to become at least an international master .
Finally , individuals who are left - handed or ambidextrous might have an edge in playing chess at the beginning of their career ( this may be why they chose to play chess in significantly higher percentages than expected ) , but this edge may be later diluted by the amount of practice involved in developing a high level of expertise .
[ 1 ] Campitelli , G. , & Gobet , F. ( in press ) .
The role of practice in chess : A longitudinal study .
Learning and Individual Differences .
Preprint available here .
Gobet .
F. & Campitelli , G. ( 2007 ) .
The role of domain - specific practice , handedness and starting age in chess .
Developmental Psychology , 43 , 159 - 172 .
Preprint available here .
About the authors
According to its recent press release , the Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) is demanding that the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) explain its 2004 operation conducted prior to that year 's national elections .
In doing so , it dismisses the legitimate pursuit of intelligence leads and seems to beg immigration agents to look the other way when they stumble into someone who turns out to be in the country illegally .
Reporting about the recent release of documents related to the 2004 operation , an October 30 New York Times story states that the DHS action focused on some 2,500 foreign nationals , most from Muslim countries of origin .
They were questioned by federal agents about their background and potential involvement in security threat activities , and any knowledge they might have had related to such activities .
About 500 of the interviewees were arrested for immigration law violations , but none were arrested for any national security charges .
CAIR asserts that the 2004 operation amounted to religious or ethnic " profiling " since the majority of the aliens interviewed were Muslim .
The Times article cites government sources who say that the operation was based on " priority leads " generated by intelligence information garnered from a variety of U.S. agencies , indicating that those selected for interviews may have had links to , or knowledge of , security threat activities , particularly those that may have related to the 2004 elections .
The process of generating those leads , per the government sources , included analyzing intelligence provided by the CIA .
This effort , dubbed Operation Front Line , was described by the Times as being similar to a government operation that had been conducted immediately after the 9/11 attacks , where 700 illegal aliens from mostly Muslim countries were arrested and detained for immigration violations .
A subsequent Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General ( DOJ / OIG ) report found some incidents of detainee abuse in detention centers and jails stemming from the earlier post - 9/11 operation .
That abuse came primarily from detention and correction officers once the aliens were in custody .
CAIR claims that the 2001 operation amounted to " profiling , " as did similar efforts in 2002 and 2003 , where several thousand mostly Muslim foreign nationals were questioned , and a number arrested for immigration violations .
It is true these federal operations focused primarily on Muslim aliens within the United States .
Over a seven - year period , several thousand such foreign nationals were interviewed , and a percentage of those were arrested for immigration law violations ( approximately 20 % from the 2004 operation ) .
However , the U.S. government steadfastly maintains there was no random " roundup " of anyone .
Instead , all these efforts have been generated by leads .
That means there was some specific underlying information raising suspicion about one or more subjects who were located and interviewed before anyone was actually " targeted . "
The " targeting " was based on that underlying lead information , not someone 's religion or ethnicity .
The Times article states that significant government resources were devoted to the 2004 operation , yet the " results " were essentially insignificant .
CAIR and the groups who sought this government information ( the National Litigation Project at Yale Law School and the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee ) , take issue with the arrests on immigration violations , as though arresting , detaining and trying to deport aliens who are in the US in violation of immigration law is something unimportant .
CAIR does not even mention the immigration arrests in its press release .
While CAIR claims it supports law enforcement efforts related to national security , efforts conducted within the scope of Constitutional protections , it appears that CAIR does not believe enforcing U.S. Immigration and Nationality laws in conjunction with such efforts is either important or appropriate .
It is likely many Americans do not share that view .
Arguably , apart from the government arresting and deporting over 1,000 illegal aliens ( counting those during the immediate post - 9/11 period ) , there was a notable result of the 2004 DHS operation :
While no official government sources have made any such direct claim , there were no terrorist attacks or even publicly known attempts connected to the 2004 elections .
Is it possible that the interviews conducted by federal agents and the several hundred arrests might have disrupted a planned attack ?
For a direct and personal perspective on these issues that links to the immediate post - 9/11 interview and immigration arrest operations , my December 2003 article in FrontPage Magazine is notably instructive and can be viewed here .
Viewed objectively , it would be a dereliction of duty for DHS to ignore leads developed by law enforcement and intelligence agencies identifying foreign nationals within the US who potentially are security threats , or who are believed to have knowledge of such threats .
Are the immigration agents supposed to look the other way when , in the course of investigating those leads , they find suspects who are in the US illegally ?
Of course not .
There is no evidence that anything beyond the enforcement of immigration laws occurred during these " questioned " federal operations .
The fact that the majority of the subjects of these leads were from countries of Muslim origin should be entirely expected .
Like it or not , the most significant and largest number of current terrorist threats to the US come from Muslim - origin countries and terrorists who themselves are Muslim .
CAIR and other apologist organizations should stop complaining about the Feds doing their job when there is no meaningful evidence that anything inappropriate occurred .
Those complaints only serve to cast doubt on the validity of future counter - terrorism and national security efforts by the U.S. government .
Of course , perhaps that is the real goal of such complaints .
If Google results are any indication , there are a lot of folks out there calling their teachers " douchebags " on LiveJournal .
If any of them live in Connecticut , though , they may want to consider taking those journals private in light of a federal court ruling issued earlier this month , which upheld the right of public school administrators to discipline a student for speech on her personal blog .
Ars first covered the case of Avery Doninger — at the time a recent graduate of Lewis S. Mills High School — this past summer .
Following a dust - up with school administrators about the possible cancellation of a repeatedly - postponed student concert , Doninger fumed on her LiveJournal about the " douchebags in central office " and urged her fellow students to call or e-mail said douchebags in order to express their displeasure .
( The post asserted that the concert had , in fact , been canceled , though school officials say Doninger was wrong about this . )
When the school retaliated by barring Doninger from running for reelection to her seat on the student council , Doninger sought to force a rerun , claiming violation of her First Amendment rights .
The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit declined to do so , however , noting that schools enjoy greater discretion in limiting participation in extracurricular activities than in ( say ) inflicting punishments like expulsion , and ruling that the post was subject to school authority because it had " a reasonably foreseeable risk [ of coming ] to the attention of school authorities . "
Now , most of a lawsuit in which Doninger sought to recover damages from school officials has been thrown out by a lower court , which held that administrators enjoy a qualified immunity from suit for official conduct that does not clearly violate a well - established right .
Citing the blurry line between " on-campus " and " off - campus " speech in the Internet era , the court acknowledged that current law gives no clear answers to the question of where students ' rights to free online speech end and the authority of schools to enforce discipline begins .
Forty years ago , the Supreme Court 's seminal ruling in Tinker v. Des Moines rejected the idea that students " shed their constitutional rights to freedom of speech or expression at the schoolhouse gate , " affirming the right of students to protest the Vietnam War by wearing black armbands to school .
But the court also made clear that the First Amendment did not prevent schools from punishing speech that " materially disrupts classwork or involves substantial disorder or invasion of the rights of others , " while a later ruling made a similar exception in the case of vulgar or offensive language .
Schools ' authority to restrict student speech has since been extended to cover school sponsored events that take place away from campus .
But courts are still struggling to figure out how to deal with private student speech that , via the magic of the Internets , easily makes its way into the classroom .
Referring to a 30 - year - old case in which the Second Circuit affirmed the right of students to publish an offensive off - campus newspaper , the court wrote :
[ W]e are not living in the same world that existed in 1979 .
The students in Thomas were writing articles for an obscene publication on a typewriter and handing out copies after school .
Today , students are connected to each other through email , instant messaging , blogs , social networking sites , and text messages .
An email can be sent to dozens or hundreds of other students by hitting " send . "
A blog entry posted on a site such as livejournal.com can be instantaneously viewed by students , teachers , and administrators alike .
Off - campus speech can become on - campus speech with the click of a mouse .
This month 's ruling did not do much to clarify those boundaries — it simply noted that officials could not reasonably be held liable for their decisions given the confused state of the law , whether or not future courts might hold such decisions to conflict with the First Amendment .
But the line of reasoning endorsed by both the district and appellate courts would , in effect , erase that boundary with respect to online speech about a school , whether or not it occurs in a school .
One part of Doninger 's suit will proceed to trial , however : School officials prevented several students from wearing " Team Avery " T - shirts into an election assembly after Doninger had been barred from running , though the shirts did n't appear to violate any existing rule or otherwise threaten disruption .
Presumably , the facts there were so clearly reminiscent of Tinker that it seemed necessary to let a jury decide the question .
Listing image by CC licensed
Call it hints 2.0 .
Nintendo is working on a gameplay system meant to ease the pain of completing a difficult game , without watering it down so much that it turns hardcore gamers off .
Advertisement
The new system , described in a patent filed by Nintendo Creative Director Shigeru Miyamoto on June 30 , 2008 , but made public today , looks to solve the issue of casual gamers losing interest in a game before they complete it , while still maintaining the interest of hardcore gamers .
The solution would turn a game into a full - length cut scene of sorts , allowing players to jump into and out of the action whenever they wanted .
But when played this way , gamers would not be able to save their progress , maintaining the challenge of completing a game without skipping or cheating .
It would also allow players to bring up in - game hint videos and skip directly to particular scenes in games .
Advertisement
While the patent does n't describe how the automated gameplay ( referred to as " digest moving image " in the patent ) would be presented to gamers , either as a true cut - scene or as a recorded play - through , it does state that the playthrough will likely come from a game developers playing of the game .
In a game , this new play style would be broken up into three options : Game , digest and scene menu , according to the patent .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Game allows gamers to play the game in the normal way , though they can bring up video hints whenever they get stuck .
These hints will appear in a screen that pops up in the top right corner of the screen .
Digest allows gamers to watch a video of a game developers play through of the game , which lays out the storyline and " flow of the scenario " from beginning to the end .
At any time a player can press a button to jump into the action of the scene currently being shown .
This is done by loading game saves downloaded automatically through a network .
Advertisement
Players will start the scene with the appropriate character attribute boosts and items for that part of the game .
Saving is not allowed in digest mode .
The scene menu allows gamers to skip directly to a specific scene to play , without having to watch the digest or load a saved game .
Advertisement
This patent , if implemented correctly , could successfully help gaming make the leap from narrative fun , to something more open - ended and free range , the first real sandbox video game .
Imagine being able to play a game with all of the benefits of characters , story and goals , but without having to spend 10 to 20 hours of your life to enjoy doing so .
Advertisement
Of course , that 's the best case scenario .
The worst , is that this turns gaming into an interactive cut - scene , removing all of pleasure of achievement from gaming and instead turning it into a glorified demo .
Kind Code [ US Patent Office , via NeoGaf ]
Night comes to the city , to Moscow city .
And this time is a favorite time for the photographers .
Today we have some examples of Chistroprudov Dimitri .
His main profile is night panoramic photo of Moscow , and he visited thousands of the city roofs .
photos by Dimitri Chistoproudov
The worst economic turmoil since the Great Depression is not a natural phenomenon but a man-made disaster in which we all played a part .
In the second part of a week - long series looking behind the slump , Guardian City editor Julia Finch picks out the individuals who have led us into the current crisis
Alan Greenspan , chairman of US Federal Reserve 1987 - 2006
Only a couple of years ago the long - serving chairman of the Fed , a committed free marketeer who had steered the US economy through crises ranging from the 1987 stockmarket collapse through to the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks , was lauded with star status , named the " oracle " and " the maestro " .
Now he is viewed as one of those most culpable for the crisis .
He is blamed for allowing the housing bubble to develop as a result of his low interest rates and lack of regulation in mortgage lending .
He backed sub - prime lending and urged homebuyers to swap fixed - rate mortgages for variable rate deals , which left borrowers unable to pay when interest rates rose .
For many years , Greenspan also defended the booming derivatives business , which barely existed when he took over the Fed , but which mushroomed from $ 100tn in 2002 to more than $ 500tn five years later .
Billionaires George Soros and Warren Buffett might have been extremely worried about these complex products - Soros avoided them because he did n't " really understand how they work " and Buffett famously described them as " financial weapons of mass destruction " - but Greenspan did all he could to protect the market from what he believed was unnecessary regulation .
In 2003 he told the Senate banking committee : " Derivatives have been an extraordinarily useful vehicle to transfer risk from those who should n't be taking it to those who are willing to and are capable of doing so " .
In recent months , however , he has admitted at least some of his long - held beliefs have turned out to be incorrect - not least that free markets would handle the risks involved , that too much regulation would damage Wall Street and that , ultimately , banks would always put the protection of their shareholders first .
He has described the current financial crisis as " the type ... that comes along only once in a century " and last autumn said the fact that the banks had played fast and loose with shareholders ' equity had left him " in a state of shocked disbelief " .
Mervyn King , governor of the Bank of England
Mervyn King Photograph : Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
When Mervyn King settled his feet under the desk in his Threadneedle Street office , the UK economy was motoring along just nicely : GDP was growing at 3 % and inflation was just 1.3 % .
Chairing his first meeting of the Bank 's monetary policy committee ( MPC ) , interest rates were cut to a post - war low of 3.5 % .
His ambition was that monetary policy decision - making should become " boring " .
How we would all like it to become boring now .
When the crunch first took hold , the Aston Villa - supporting governor insisted it was not about to become an international crisis .
In the first weeks of the crunch he refused to pump cash into the financial system and insisted that " moral hazard " meant that some banks should not be bailed out .
The Treasury select committee has said King should have been " more pro-active " .
King 's MPC should have realised there was a housing bubble developing and taken action to damp it down and , more recently , the committee should have seen the recession coming and cut interest rates far faster than it did .
Politicians
Bill Clinton , former US president
Bill Clinton Photograph : Mary Altaffer / AP
Clinton shares at least some of the blame for the current financial chaos .
He beefed up the 1977 Community Reinvestment
Act to force mortgage lenders to relax their rules to allow more socially disadvantaged borrowers to qualify for home loans .
In 1999 Clinton repealed the Glass - Steagall Act , which ensured a complete separation between commercial banks , which accept deposits , and investment banks , which invest and take risks .
The move prompted the era of the superbank and primed the sub - prime pump .
The year before the repeal sub - prime loans were just 5 % of all mortgage lending .
By the time the credit crunch blew up it was approaching 30 % .
Gordon Brown , prime minister
Gordon Brown Photograph : Christopher Furlong / Getty Images
The British prime minister seems to have been completely dazzled by the movers and shakers in the Square Mile , putting the City 's interests ahead of other parts of the economy , such as manufacturers .
He backed " light touch " regulation and a low - tax regime for the thousands of non-domiciled foreign bankers working in London and for the private equity business .
George W Bush , former US president
George W Bush Photograph : Mandel Ngan/ AFP / Getty Images
Clinton might have started the sub - prime ball rolling , but the Bush administration certainly did little to put the brakes on the vast amount of mortgage cash being lent to " Ninja " ( No income , no job applicants ) borrowers who could not afford them .
Neither did he rein back Wall Street with regulation ( although the government did pass the Sarbanes - Oxley Act in the wake of the Enron scandal ) .
Senator Phil Gramm
Phil Gramm Photograph : Jim Bourg / Reuters
Former US senator from Texas , free market advocate with a PhD in economics who fought long and hard for financial deregulation .
His work , encouraged by Clinton 's administration , allowed the explosive growth of derivatives , including credit swaps .
In 2001 , he told a Senate debate : " Some people look at sub - prime lending and see evil .
I look at sub - prime lending and I see the American dream in action . "
According to the New York Times , federal records show that from 1989 to 2002 he was the top recipient of campaign contributions from commercial banks and in the top five for donations from Wall Street .
At an April 2000 Senate hearing after a visit to New York , he said : " When I am on Wall Street and I realise that that 's the very nerve centre of American capitalism and I realise what capitalism has done for the working people of America , to me that 's a holy place . "
He eventually left Capitol Hill to work for UBS as an investment banker .
Wall Street / Bankers
Abby Cohen , Goldman Sachs chief US strategist
Abi Cohen Photograph : Martin Godwin
The " perpetual bull " .
Once rated one of the most powerful women in the US .
But so wrong , so often .
She failed to see previous share price crashes and was famous for her upwards forecasts .
Replaced last March .
Kathleen Corbet , former CEO , Standard & Poor's
Kathleen Corbet Photograph : Mark Lennihan / AP
The credit - rating agencies were widely attacked for failing to warn of the risks posed by mortgage - backed securities .
Kathleen Corbet ran the largest of the big three agencies , Standard & Poor's , and quit in August 2007 , amid a hail of criticism .
The agencies have been accused of acting as cheerleaders , assigning the top AAA rating to collateralised debt obligations , the often incomprehensible mortgage - backed securities that turned toxic .
The industry argues it did its best with the information available .
Corbet said her decision to leave the agency had been " long planned " and denied that she had been put under any pressure to quit .
She kept a relatively low profile and had been hired to run S&P in 2004 from the investment firm Alliance Capital Management .
Investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York attorney general among others have focused on whether the agencies are compromised by earning fees from the banks that issue the debt they rate .
The reputation of the industry was savaged by a blistering report by the SEC that contained dozens of internal emails that suggested they had betrayed investors ' trust .
" Let 's hope we are all wealthy and retired by the time this house of cards falters , " one unnamed S&P analyst wrote .
In another , an S&P employee wrote :
" It could be structured by cows and we would rate it . "
" Hank " Greenberg , AIG insurance group
Hank Greenberg Photograph : Mike Segar / Reuters
Now aged 83 , Hank - AKA Maurice - was the boss of AIG .
He built the business into the world 's biggest insurer .
AIG had a vast business in credit default swaps and therefore a huge exposure to a residential mortgage crisis .
When AIG 's own credit - rating was cut , it faced a liquidity crisis and needed an $ 85 bn ( £ 47bn then ) bail out from the US government to avoid collapse and avert the crisis its collapse would have caused .
It later needed many more billions from the US treasury and the Fed , but that did not stop senior AIG executives taking themselves off for a few lavish trips , including a $ 444,000 golf and spa retreat in California and an $ 86,000 hunting expedition to England .
" Have you heard of anything more outrageous ? " said Elijah Cummings , a Democratic congressman from Maryland .
" They were getting their manicures , their facials , pedicures , massages while the American people were footing the bill . "
Andy Hornby , former HBOS boss
Andy Hornby Photograph : Getty Images
So highly respected , so admired and so clever - top of his 800 - strong class at Harvard - but it was his strategy , adopted from the Bank of Scotland when it merged with Halifax , that got HBOS in the trouble it is now .
Who would have thought that the mighty Halifax could be brought to its knees and teeter on the verge of nationalisation ?
Sir Fred Goodwin , former RBS boss
Fred Goodwin Photograph : Murdo Macleod
Once one of Gordon Brown 's favourite businessmen , now the prime minister says he is " angry " with the man dubbed " Fred the Shred " for his strategy at Royal Bank of Scotland , which has left the bank staring at a £ 28bn loss and 70 % owned by the government .
The losses will reflect vast lending to businesses that cannot repay and write - downs on acquisitions masterminded by Goodwin stretching back years .
Steve Crawshaw , former B&B boss
Steven Crawshaw Photograph : Reuters
Once upon a time Bradford & Bingley was a rather boring building society , which used two men in bowler hats to signify their sensible and trustworthy approach .
In 2004 the affable Crawshaw took over .
He closed down B &B businesses , cut staff numbers by half and turned the B&B into a specialist in buy - to - let loans and self - certified mortgages - also called " liar loans " because applicants did not have to prove a regular income .
The business broke down when the wholesale money market collapsed and B&B 's borrowers fell quickly into debt .
Crawshaw denied a rights issue was on its way weeks before he asked shareholders for £ 300 m .
Eventually , B&B had to be nationalised .
Crawshaw , however , had left the bridge a few weeks earlier as a result of heart problems .
He has a £ 1.8 m pension pot .
Adam Applegarth , former Northern Rock boss
Adam Applegarth Photograph : Rex Features
Applegarth had such big ambitions .
But the business model just collapsed when the credit crunch hit .
Luckily for Applegarth , he walked away with a wheelbarrow of cash to ease the pain of his failure , and spent the summer playing cricket .
Dick Fuld , Lehman Brothers chief executive
Richard Fuld Photograph : Kevin Wolf / AP
The credit crunch had been rumbling on for more than a year but Lehman Brothers ' collapse in September was to have a catastrophic impact on confidence .
Richard Fuld , chief executive , later told Congress he was bewildered the US government had not saved the bank when it had helped secure Bear Stearns and the insurer AIG .
He also blamed short - sellers .
Bitter workers at Lehman pointed the finger at Fuld .
A former bond trader known as " the Gorilla " , Fuld had been with Lehman for decades and steered it through tough times .
But just before the bank went bust he had failed to secure a deal to sell a large stake to the Korea Development Bank and most likely prevent its collapse .
Fuld encouraged risk - taking and Lehman was still investing heavily in property at the top of the market .
Facing a grilling on Capitol Hill , he was asked whether it was fair that he earned $ 500 m over eight years .
He demurred ; the figure , he said , was closer to $ 300m .
Ralph Cioffi and Matthew Tannin
Ralph Cioffi Photograph : Spencer Platt / Getty Images
Cioffi ( pictured ) and Tannin were Bear Stearns bankers recently indicted for fraud over the collapse of two hedge funds last year , which was one of the triggers of the credit crunch .
They are accused of lying to investors about the amount of money they were putting into sub-prime , and of quietly withdrawing their own funds when times got tough .
Lewis Ranieri
Lewis Ranieri Photograph : Chris Vultaggio/AP
The " godfather " of mortgage finance , who pioneered mortgage - backed bonds in the 1980s and immortalised in Liar 's Poker .
Famous for saying that " mortgages are math " , Ranieri created collateralised pools of mortgages .
In 2004 Business Week ranked him alongside names such as Bill Gates and Steve Jobs as one of the greatest innovators of the past 75 years .
Ranieri did warn in 2006 of the risks from the breakneck growth of mortgage securitisation .
Nevertheless , his Texas - based Franklin Bank Corp went bust in November due to the credit crunch .
Joseph Cassano , AIG Financial Products
Joseph Cassano Photograph : Public Domain
Cassano ran the AIG team that sold credit default swaps in London , and in effect bankrupted the world 's biggest insurance company , forcing the US government to stump up billions in aid .
Cassano , who lives in a townhouse near Harrods in Knightsbridge , earned 30 cents for every dollar of profit his financial products generated - or about £ 280 m .
He was fired after the division lost $ 11bn , but stayed on as a $ 1 m - a - month consultant .
" It seems he single - handedly brought AIG to its knees , " said John Sarbanes , a Democratic congressman .
Chuck Prince , former Citi boss
Chuck Prince Photograph : Diane Bondareff / AP
A lawyer by training , Prince had built Citi into the biggest bank in the world , with a sprawling structure that covered investment banking , high - street banking and wealthy management for the richest clients .
When profits went into reverse in 2007 , he insisted it was just a hiccup , but he was forced out after multibillion - dollar losses on sub - prime business started to surface .
He received about $ 140 m to ease his pain .
Angelo Mozilo , Countrywide Financial
Angelo Mozilo Photograph : Ric Francis/AP
Known as " the orange one " for his luminous tan , Mozilo was the chairman and chief executive of the biggest American sub - prime mortgage lender , which was saved from bankruptcy by Bank of America .
BoA recently paid billions to settle investigations by various attorney generals for Countrywide 's mis-selling of risky loans to thousands who could not afford them .
The company ran a " VIP programme " that provided loans on favourable terms to influential figures including Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate banking committee , the heads of the federal - backed mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and former assistant secretary of state Richard Holbrooke .
Stan O'Neal , former boss of Merrill Lynch
Stan O'Neal Photograph : Joe Raedle / Getty Images
O'Neal became one of the highest - profile casualties of the credit crunch when he lost the confidence of the bank 's board in late 2007 .
When he was appointed to the top job four years earlier , O'Neal , the first African - American to run a Wall Street firm , had pledged to shed the bank 's conservative image .
Shortly before he quit , the bank admitted to nearly $ 8bn of exposure to bad debts , as bets in the property and credit markets turned sour .
Merrill was forced into the arms of Bank of America less than a year later .
Jimmy Cayne , former Bear Stearns boss
Jimmy Cayne Photograph : AP
The chairman of the Wall Street firm Bear Stearns famously continued to play in a bridge tournament in Detroit even as the firm fell into crisis .
Confidence in the bank evaporated after the collapse of two of its hedge funds and massive write - downs from losses related to the home loans industry .
It was bought for a knock down price by JP Morgan Chase in March .
Cayne sold his stake in the firm after the JP Morgan bid emerged , making $ 60 m .
Such was the anger directed towards Cayne that the US media reported that he had been forced to hire a bodyguard .
A one - time scrap-iron salesman , Cayne joined Bear Stearns in 1969 and became one of the firm 's top brokers , taking over as chief executive in 1993 .
Others
Christopher Dodd , chairman , Senate banking committee ( Democrat )
Christopher Dodd Photograph : Susan Walsh / AP
Consistently resisted efforts to tighten regulation on the mortgage finance firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
He pushed to broaden their role to dodgier mortgages in an effort to help home ownership for the poor .
Received $ 165,000 in donations from Fannie and Freddie from 1989 to 2008 , more than anyone else in Congress .
Geir Haarde , Icelandic prime minister
Geir Haarde Photograph : Arni Torfason /AP
He announced on Friday that he would step down and call an early election in May , after violent anti-government protests fuelled by his handling of the financial crisis .
Last October Iceland 's three biggest commercial banks collapsed under billions of dollars of debts .
The country was forced to borrow $ 2.1 bn from the International Monetary Fund and take loans from several European countries .
Announcing his resignation , Haarde said he had throat cancer .
The American public
There 's no escaping the fact : politicians might have teed up the financial system and failed to police it properly and Wall Street 's greedy bankers might have got carried away with the riches they could generate , but if millions of Americans had just realised they were borrowing more than they could repay then we would not be in this mess .
The British public got just as carried away .
We are the credit junkies of Europe and many of our problems could easily have been avoided if we had been more sensible and just said no .
John Tiner , FSA chief executive , 2003 - 07
John Tiner Photograph : Gary Roberts / Rex Features
No one can fault 51 - year - old Tiner 's timing : the financial services expert took over as the City 's chief regulator in 2003 , just as the bear market which followed the dotcom crash came to an end , and stepped down from the Financial Services Authority in July 2007 - just a few weeks before the credit crunch took hold .
He presided over the FSA when the so - called " light touch " regulation was put in place .
It was Tiner who agreed that banks could make up their own minds about how much capital they needed to hoard to cover their risks .
And it was on his watch that Northern Rock got so carried away with the wholesale money markets and 130 % mortgages .
When the FSA finally got around to investigating its own part in the Rock 's downfall , it was a catalogue of errors and omissions .
In short , the FSA had been asleep at the wheel while Northern Rock racked up ever bigger risks .
An accountant by training , with a penchant for Porsches and proud owner of the personalised number plate T1NER , the former FSA boss has since been recruited by the financial entrepreneur Clive Cowdery to run a newly floated business that aims to buy up financial businesses laid low by the credit crunch .
Tiner will be chief executive but , unusually , will not be on the board , so his pay and bonuses will not be made public .
... and six more who saw it coming
Andrew Lahde
A hedge fund boss who quit the industry in October thanking " stupid " traders and " idiots " for making him rich .
He made millions by betting against sub-prime .
John Paulson , hedge fund boss
He has been described as the " world 's biggest winner " from the credit crunch , earning $ 3.7bn ( £ 1.9bn ) in 2007 by " shorting " the US mortgage market - betting that the housing bubble was about to burst .
In an apparent response to criticism that he was profiting from misery , Paulson gave $ 15 m to a charity aiding people fighting foreclosure .
Professor Nouriel Roubini
Described by the New York Times as Dr Doom , the economist from New York University was warning that financial crisis was on the way in 2006 , when he told economists at the IMF that the US would face a once - in - a - lifetime housing bust , oil shock and a deep recession .
He remains a pessimist .
He predicted last week that losses in the US financial system could hit $ 3.6tn before the credit crunch ends - which , he said , means the entire US banking system is in effect bankrupt .
After last year 's bail - outs and nationalisations , he famously described George Bush , Henry Paulson and Ben Bernanke as " a troika of Bolsheviks who turned the USA into the United Socialist State Republic of America " .
Warren Buffett , billionaire investor
Dubbed the Sage of Omaha , Buffett had long warned about the dangers of dodgy derivatives that no one understood and said often that Wall Street 's finest were grossly overpaid .
In his annual letter to shareholders in 2003 , he compared complex derivative contracts to hell : " Easy to enter and almost impossible to exit . "
On an optimistic note , Buffett wrote in October that he had begun buying shares on the US stockmarket again , suggesting the worst of the credit crunch might be over .
Now is a great time to " buy a slice of America 's future at a marked - down price " , he said .
George Soros , speculator
The billionaire financier , philanthropist and backer of the Democrats told an audience in Singapore in January 2006 that stockmarkets were at their peak , and that the US and global economies should brace themselves for a recession and a possible " hard landing " .
He also warned of " a gigantic real estate bubble " inflated by reckless lenders , encouraging homeowners to remortgage and offering interest - only deals .
Earlier this year Soros described a 25 - year " super bubble " that is bursting , blaming unfathomable financial instruments , deregulation and globalisation .
He has since characterised the financial crisis as the worst since the Great Depression .
Stephen Eismann , hedge fund manager
An analyst and fund manager who tracked the sub - prime market from the early 1990s .
" You have to understand , " he says , " I did sub - prime first .
I lived with the worst first .
These guys lied to infinity .
What I learned from that experience was that Wall Street did n't give a shit what it sold . "
Meredith Whitney , Oppenheimer Securities
On 31 October 2007 the analyst forecast that Citigroup had to slash its dividend or face bankruptcy .
A day later $ 370 bn had been wiped off financial stocks on Wall Street .
Within days the boss of Citigroup was out and the dividend had been slashed .
• Tomorrow in part three of the Road to Ruin series - The Barons of Bankruptcy - how going bust can be a profitable business
Pop , crackle , hiss .
No , this is n’t the sound of the new b- grade Rice Crispies .
The music - buying public , deeply enamored with digital downloads , is abandoning the compact disc in droves , but one physical medium is staging a tiny comeback .
Amid otherwise gloomy music sales numbers released by Nielsen this week , vinyl record sales doubled compared with the year before .
In 2008 , 1.88 million vinyl albums were purchased , more than in any other year since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales in 1991 .
The previous record was in 2000 , when 1.5 million LP albums were sold .
Much of this was due to increased sales at independent record stores – more than two out of every three vinyl albums bought in 2008 were purchased at an independent music store .
In 2008 , Radiohead claimed top spot in the vinyl realm , both as an artist and for one of its albums .
They sold 61,200 vinyl albums during the year , of which 25,800 were its
In Rainbows album .
It seems as though people are gravitating towards the aesthetic value of an actual record .
I for one enjoy a record ’s album graphics and liner notes , but most of all I like being able to hold something in my hand that feels as though it has some sort of physical connection with the artist .
A lot of people still talk about how records sound more accurate than CD ’s , attributing this as of the reasons for vinyl ’s resurgence .
I think this is bull .
First of all , people do n’t care about sound quality as much as they used to – most music is listened to in MP3 format on $ 1.99 ear buds through a 50 cent amplifier in an iPod .
Second , vinyl is not more accurate , not even close .
Yes , it sounds different than CD ’s – that ’s because of all the distortion due to the massive eq curve that must be applied to the music before it ’s put on vinyl ( vinyl ca n’t deal with the extreme bass or treble ) , which is then reversed when amplified .
Of course the stylus and the physical medium itself create a lot of distortion themselves .
I could also talk about how the mix engineer is n’t referencing the mix on vinyl .
This means that listening to the music on CD format is the closest way to hear how the song was actually intended to be heard .
I do , however like the sound of vinyl – it sounds warm , but airy .
For some music , it imparts a great organic sound ( this is the distortion that we hear ) that I enjoy , and it might sound better in some respects , but in no way does it sound more accurate .
Of course many mix engineers are applying plugins that mimic the sound of vinyl ( or tape ) to the music already .
In any case , this is a post about the vinyl industry , not a rant about misinformation about vinyl .
It is indeed a happy story as far as I ’m concerned because the less virtual music becomes , the more we will actually care about it .
I ’d think nothing of deleting crappy music from my hard drive , but I ’d never throw away a record .
Now , before we all throw out our iPods and go out and buy the latest Sears console record players , lets just put this into perspective :
The top - selling * digital * song for 2008 was “ Bleeding Love ” from Leona Lewis , with 3.4 million units sold ( compared with 25,800 for the vinyl of In Rainbows ) , while Rihanna was the top - selling digital artist , with 9.9 million units sold ( compared to 61,200 for Radiohead ’s vinyl records ) .
Even so , this still is n’t going to make me go and sell my vinyl collection .
今回 Chalkboard というシステムを発表した。プレゼン資料ををここにおいて置く( IE 未対応 ) 。
http://tinlizzie.org/chalkboard/#ActiveEssaysOnTheWeb
正直失敗しちゃったなーと思ったのは、あまりにも沢山詰め込みすぎて、時間を気にするあまりそれぞれのトピックを十分に説明出来なかった。何となくお客さんを見てて、ちょっと飛ばし過ぎかなと分かっていたのだけど、最後まで上手く纏める事が出来なかった。
最初から沢山作って上手く省略しようと思ってたんだけど、画面のサイズが練習の時と違ってて動揺してしまい上手く流れをつかめなかった。まあ今回マックを使っての初発表だから、仕方が無いという事にしておこう。
作品としては去年のやつより今年の方がずっと良く出来ているんだけど、プレゼンとしては去年の方が何倍も良かったかも、もしかして観客のノリが違ってたのも原因かも、下手なプレゼンでも客の反応が良いと段々乗ってきて上手く滑り出すという事もある。
だからアランさんの講演の時も、頭の中で反省会をしていて、実はあまり話を聞いてなかった。多分例によって大島さんが解説を書いてくれると思うので、それを待つか。でも今回メモとってなかったっけ。
色々質問が出たけど、発表の時上手く答えられなかったので次聞かれた時答えられるようにここに書く。対象年齢についてはタイプの出来ない子供は対象外だった。それは
Scratch なり大島さんの次 期 Etos でやればいい。だけど、僕がパソコンをやりだした頃のような
10 歳くらいの理科好きの子供なら使えると思う。その辺 UI では無く、コンテンツの問題だとおもう 。
データがバイナリや HTML では無く 、Javascript ソースコードの形で保存されるのは、既存のライブラリとの親和性が一つの理由。もう一つは、例え入門用のシステムでも基本はプロ向けの、大人が使ってるのと同じ物であるべきと言うのがもう一つの理由。Allison Druin さんの講演で電子回路に関する面白い話があって、子供は入門用のプラスチックで出来たきれいなキットよりも、段ボール箱に裸の電子パーツをくっつける方が喜ぶというのがあった。電子ブロックに失望した私はその気持ちはよくわかる。大人と同じ物を使うというのは大切な事だ。
あとテストしてない件だけど、ウェブにしたのはそもそもフィードバックを集めたいからで、今後どうやって多くの人に使ってもらえるようにするかが大きは課題だ。技術的に出来る事は、例えば
Javascript で動的にページを生成する代わりに CGI で作って検索エンジンに引っかかりやすいようにする事を考えている。そんな感じかな。
飲み会では電子工作の話が出た。このごく一部で盛り上がってる時期に日本を離れないと行けないのはとても辛い。ロサンゼルスでもニコニコ技術部みたいなのあれば良いのに。帰りのバスで大座畑さんと同じになって、HyperCard と形式仕様言語の話で盛り上がった。最近仕事が多くて趣味の言語探求に時間が取れなかったのだけど、家に帰ったらまた新しい言語に挑戦したい。
Toyota sales fell 37 % in the US in December and 18 % in Japan
Toyota is to halt production at all 12 of its Japanese factories for 11 days in February and March as it tries to reduce its stock of unsold cars .
It had already announced a three - day halt for January , but before that it had not cut production since 1993 , when it did so for one day .
Toyota 's sales in the US fell 37 % in December , which was a worse decline than either General Motors or Ford .
About 40 % of the cars Toyota sells in the US are made in Japan .
Despite the gloomy news , Toyota shares rose 1.3 % in Tokyo on Tuesday as the yen weakened against the dollar .
The strong yen has made Japanese cars more expensive to already cash - strapped US consumers .
Toyota warned two weeks ago that it would report its first annual operating loss this year .
Sales are also falling in Japan - on Monday Toyota announced that its sales in Japan had fallen 18 % in December and 7.4 % in the whole of 2008 .
This new Heineken commercial only shows one thing : Men and womens priorities in life are n’t just the same .
Posting this would probably have been more appropriate on a Friday afternoon , but hey , there ’s never really a bad time when it comes to having a good laugh .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Monday , June 29 , 2020
The Supreme Court today struck the statutory independence of the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , even as it declined to rule the entire CFPB unconstitutional .
This means that the CFPB stays in place , Director and all , but that the President can terminate the Director at will .
( As to the particular case before the Court , which challenged a CFPB enforcement demand , the ruling invalidates the demand .
But the CFPB could reissue it and re-commence enforcement , but without protections for the Director . )
More broadly , the ruling in Seila Law v. CFPB says that Congress lacks authority to create an Executive Branch " independent " principal office , unless that office is part of a larger board or commission , and probably without significant executive power .
The ruling is a victory for the Trump Administration , which opposed independence for the CFPB Director .
But at the same time , it sharply restricts Congress 's power to create an independent principal office within the Executive Branch .
Under the Dodd - Frank Act , the CFPB has authority to implement and enforce a variety of consumer financial protection laws to " ensur[e ] that all consumers have access to markets for consumer financial products and services and that markets for consumer financial products and services are fair , transparent , and competitive . "
The Director is nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate .
In creating an independent Director , Congress legislated that the Director would be appointed for five years and can be removed only for " inefficiency , neglect of duty , or malfeasance in office . "
It 's that " independence " that was at stake in the case .
The Court ruled that this independence violated the separation of powers .
Pointing to the Article II Vesting Clause , the Court wrote that " [t ] he entire ' executive Power ' belongs to the President alone . "
It held that statutory independence for a principal executive officer who is not a part of a board of commission impermissibly restricts the President 's executive power .
The Court distinguished Humphrey 's Executor , holding that Humphrey 's upheld the independence of a multi-member board , the FTC , whereas the CFPB has a single head .
According to the Court , unlike the FTC ( at the time ) , the CFPB 's single Director is not a " body of experts , " is not " non-partisan , " and does not have staggered terms that " prevent [ ] complete turnover in leadership . "
Moreover , the CFPB Director has greater responsibilities than the old FTC did , including the " quintessentially executive power " to seek monetary penalties in federal court .
The Court distinguished Morrison v. Olson , holding that Congress may create an independent inferior officer .
The Court said that the CFPB Director was a principal office , and had more wide - ranging authority than the independent counsel in Morrison , and that the independent counsel 's prosecutorial authority looked inward , to Executive Branch officials on specified matters , whereas the CFPB Director has authority over " millions of private citizens and businesses , imposing even billion - dollar penalties through administrative adjudications and civil actions . "
The Court declined to " extend " those cases to cover the " new situation " of the CFPB Director 's independence .
The Court said that there was no precedent for this kind of office , and that it " is incompatible with our constitutional structure . "
" The . . . constitutional strategy is straightforward : divide power everywhere except for the Presidency , and render the President directly accountable to the people through regular elections .
In that scheme , individual executive officials will still wield significant authority , but that authority remains subject to the ongoing supervision and control of the elected President . "
But even as the Court struck statutory independence for the Director , it declined to take down the entire CFPB .
The Court ruled that the independence provision was severable from the rest of the Act , and therefore that the CFPB could remain , Director and all , but without the independence protection .
Justice Kagan , dissenting on independence but concurred on severability , and joined by Justices Ginsburg , Breyer , and Sotomayor , wrote :
If a removal provision violates the separation of powers , it is because the measure so deprives the President of control over an official as to impede his own constitutional functions .
But with or without a for - cause removal provision , the President has at least as much control over an individual as over a commission -- and possibly more .
That means the constitutional concern is , if anything , ameliorated when the agency has a single head .
. . .
In second - guessing the political branches , the majority second - guesses as well the wisdom of the Framers and the judgment of history .
It writes in rules to the Constitution that the drafters knew well enough not to put there .
It repudiates the lessons of American experience , from the 18th century to the present day .
And it commits the Nation to a new static version of governance , incapable of responding to new conditions and challenges .
June 29 , 2020 in Appointment and Removal Powers , Cases and Case Materials , Congressional Authority , Executive Authority , News , Opinion Analysis , Separation of Powers | Permalink | Comments ( 0 )
Users ' Recommended radio is now shown in the Last .
Fm Service .
Playlist browser items can be deleted and renamed using the keyboard .
Basic and Advanced view when editing a filename scheme are synchronized .
Added delete button to Advanced view for defining a filename scheme .
Importer for iTunes libraries now allows you to import your statistics from iTunes .
The settings dialog now remembers the page that was last used .
Track information can be edited from the file browser .
User playlists added from files are now updated on collection rescans , so any changes in the file are reflected in the SQL playlist .
Layout refactoring in the Organize Collection dialog .
Enabled Last.fm scrobbling by default when Last .fm login is supplied .
" Show active track " has been moved from the playlist context menu to the playlist toolbar
The video and Last .fm applet have been removed for now as they are not ready for final release .
They will be readded in later releases .
Photo copyright 2007 by Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary Wolves
md5sum : 410863050e5de95df82106cc9dfe486a
Features
Users ' Recommended radio is now shown in the Last .
Fm Service .
Playlist browser items can be deleted and renamed using the keyboard .
( BR 175116 )
Basic and Advanced view when editing a filename scheme are synchronized .
Added delete button to Advanced view for defining a filename scheme .
Importer for iTunes libraries now allows you to import your statistics from iTunes .
The settings dialog now remembers the page that was last used .
Track information can be edited from the file browser .
( BR 172812 )
Changes
Video and Last.fm applet have been disabled .
They are not ready for release .
Ipods and MTP devices auto - connect again for usability .
Ipod Collections can now delete multiple tracks at once .
User playlists added from files are now updated on collection rescans , so any changes in the file is reflected in the SQL playlist .
Layout refactoring in the Organize Collection dialog .
Enabled Last.fm scrobbling by default when Last .fm login is supplied .
Amarok now allows opening of video files again .
( BR 174267 )
" Show active track " has been moved from the playlist context menu to the playlist toolbar .
Bugfixes
Today the Amarok project releases Narwhal , the release candidate of the upcoming Amarok 2.0 .
The changes since Beta 3 focus mostly on fixing bugs , as we are in a fairly hard feature - freeze to give us time to polish the final product .
However , this did n't stop us from adding a few nice new things :
In addition , there are the following changes : There are , of course , a ton of bugfixes .
See the full ChangeLog further below for all the goodies .
A lot of great new scripts have shown up on kde - apps.org .
Give them a try and enjoy .
Packages are available through your distributions package manager , the KDE - on - Windows installer ( beta release only ) and from the Mac download page ( beta release only ) .
Additionally the tarball can be downloaded here : Has your favourite Amarok 1.4 feature not been added to 2.0 yet , or perhaps something you read about on someone 's blog has not yet shown up ?
Not to worry -- we 've got a large number of things on our plate waiting to go once 2.0 is out the door .
So expect to see lots of new , great things being added in short order , plus the return of some old favourites .
Have a look at the Amarok 2 FAQ to find answers to the most common questions about Amarok 2 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said Israel is nearing the goals of its military campaign in the Gaza Strip , as he signalled it would continue .
He urged more patience and effort , as Israel 's troops reportedly engaged in fierce fighting in Gaza City .
The Israeli army said reserve units were in place in Gaza , but this did not signal a " new push " against militants .
Palestinian medics say 879 people have been killed during the 16 - day conflict .
Thirteen Israelis have died .
Palestinian sources said 29 people were killed across Gaza on Sunday - 17 in Gaza City .
Israeli officials said at least 12 rockets were fired by Palestinian militants into southern Israel .
Two Norwegian doctors , who have been working in the Gaza Strip , say the main hospital is close to collapse , and that patients are dying because of a lack of specialist doctors and basic medical equipment .
Doctors Mads Gilbert and Erik Fosse said half of their patients were civilians , some of them young children with shrapnel and blast wounds .
They also said 12 ambulance staff had been killed in shelling , despite their clearly - marked vehicles .
' Impressive gains '
As Israel 's cabinet met in Jerusalem to consider its next move , Prime Minister Olmert said : " This is a time to translate our achievements into the goals we have set . "
He praised the military 's " impressive gains " in Gaza , adding : " Israel is nearing the goals which it set itself , but more patience , determination and effort is still demanded . "
Referring to last week 's UN Security Council call for an immediate ceasefire , Mr Olmert said " nobody should be allowed to decide for us if we are allowed to strike " .
Both Hamas and Israel have rejected the UN resolution .
In Cairo , Egypt 's state news agency reported progress in talks between Egypt and Hamas , without providing details .
Talks between Hamas and Egyptian intelligence chief Omar Suleiman were described by an unnamed intelligence official as " positive " .
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair , now Middle East envoy for the Quartet - the US , EU , UN and Russia - is due to meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo on Monday morning .
Confirmation that reservists have been deployed in Gaza came a day after Israel dropped leaflets and left phone messages warning Gazans to stay away from areas used by Hamas , saying that its operation would soon enter " phase three " .
Late on Sunday , an Israeli army spokesman said : " More and more [ reserve soldiers ] have been incorporated into the operations .
This is not to suggest that there is a big new push . "
The Israeli army meanwhile denied deploying white phosphorus bombs in Gaza , after Palestinian medics said they had treated patients for burns caused by the munition .
Army spokesman Capt Guy Spigelman told the BBC that Israel " categorically denied " using white phosphorus in Gaza , saying other " smoke bombs and flares " were being deployed .
Israel began Operation Cast Lead as a six - month truce between it and Hamas unravelled .
It comes weeks before a parliamentary election in Israel .
Israel hopes the scale of its operation will greatly reduce the number of missiles fired from Gaza onto Israeli towns , and also erode support for Hamas .
Humanitarian crisis
The Islamist movement won elections in Palestinian territories in 2006 before seizing control of Gaza a year later , ousting its secular Palestinian rival Fatah , which now holds sway in parts of the West Bank .
On Sunday militants fired a barrage of rockets from Gaza , two of which struck 42 km ( 26 miles ) inside southern Israel at the city of Beersheba , causing damage but no casualties .
In clashes in Gaza City , at least 10 Palestinians died in a gun battle involving Israeli forces , while at least five Palestinian civilians were killed by Israeli tank fire further north at Beit Lahiya , said medical officials .
The home of Ahmed Jabari , the head of Hamas 's military wing , was destroyed in an air strike at Shujaia , a suburb of densely - populated Gaza City , according to the Israeli military .
Israel is preventing international journalists from entering the coastal strip , and none of the incidents can be independently confirmed .
Israel said its warplanes had also bombed sites on the Egypt - Gaza frontier near the town of Rafah , including a mosque allegedly used as a weapons storage depot and militant training camp .
Two Egyptian policemen were injured on Sunday by shrapnel flying through the fence from Israeli rockets landing on the Gaza side of the Rafah border crossing .
Its ground forces were involved in a " number of incidents " as they pushed into the south of Gaza City and reached a key junction to its north , the Israeli military said .
Reports quoted Hamas and the smaller militant group Islamic Jihad as saying they had ambushed the Israelis , engaging them in heavy fighting .
Many Gaza
City civilians have reportedly fled their homes .
Aid agencies say Gaza 's 1.5 million residents are in urgent need of food and medical aid .
On Sunday pro-Palestine demonstrations continued across Europe and the Middle East .
By ANTARA News ,
Jerusalem : Israel on Saturday announced a unilateral halt to a 22 - day - old war on Hamas in Gaza , the Jewish state ’s deadliest offensive ever on the Palestinian enclave launched in response to rocket fire from the territory .
Herewith some figures from the offensive :
Support TwoCircles
Palestinian victims , according to Gaza medics :
— 1,205 killed , including :
— 410 children ( under 16 )
— 108 women
— 113 elderly men
— 14 medics
— 4 journalists
— 5,300 wounded
Israeli victims , according to medics :
— 13 killed in combat and rocket attacks , including :
— 10 soldiers ( nine in combat , one in rocket attack )
— three civilians in rocket attacks
— dozens wounded
— 2,500 targets hit by Israeli air force and navy inside Gaza , including :
— four UN - run schools
— a compound of the UN agency for Palestinian refugees
— two media buildings
— 16 medical centres
— 16 ambulances
— 778 rockets and mortars fired by Gaza militants into Israel , with most of the projectiles that landed inside the Jewish state hitting houses , but also hitting several schools and a kindergarten .
Damage in Gaza : ( figures from Palestinian statistics bureau )
— 475.9 million dollars of damage to infrastructure
— 500 million dollars in estimated clean - up costs
— 4,000 residential buildings destroyed
— 16,000 residential buildings damaged
— 1,500 commercial facilities damaged , including factories , shops , metal
workshops
— 51 government buildings destroyed , including ministries and police
— 18 schools and other education buildings
— 20 mosques destroyed
— 50 kilometres of roads destroyed .
AFP reported from Jerusalem .
Raw , Dog Rescue Turns Ugly
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
Alex Merry committed changes in / trunk / extragear / multimedia/amarok/src :
Replay Gain support , stage 1 : getting the metadata into the database .
BIG FAT WARNING : this will change the database schema , and force a complete rescan of your collection .
You wo n't lose statistics data , unless this change gets reverted or you try to go back to an older version of Amarok , in which case your database wo n't work ( older versions of Amarok will , in fact , wipe and refuse to recreate the database in this case ) .
Outline :
* Make amarokcollectionscanner get replay gain data ( not for all files yet ) from metadata tags
* Add four new entries to Meta : : Field , containing the Xesam tags for albumGain , albumPeakGain , trackGain and trackPeakGain
* Add four new columns ( albumgain , albumpeakgain , trackgain and trackpeakgain ) to the tracks table
* Spruce up the database upgrade path
* Make both ScanManager / ScanResultProcessor and the Xesam importer for sqlcollection get the above data
* Put the new data in the database
Changes from the patch I posted on amarok - devel :
* include peak data , which is needed to prevent clipping ( so there are four new fields , not two )
* scan for replay gain tags in ID3 v2 metadata of MP3 files ( such as created by Foobar2000 ) .
Other formats will follow .
Only Ogg Vorbis files have been tested .
* Amarok will complain and exit if you try to run it with a newer version of the database ( ie : version 3 or later , which has not been made yet )
I suggest you back up $ KDEHOME / share / apps / amarok before running this version if you care about your collection data .
If you care about your stats and you are running trunk , you should be doing this regularly anyway .
Israel believes its has won broad international support in the media for its actions in Gaza thanks to its PR strategy , which through a new body has for months been concerned with formulating plans and role - playing to ensure that government officials deliver a clear , unified message to the world 's press .
The body , known as the National Information Directorate , was set up eight months ago following recommendations from an Israeli inquiry into the 2006 Lebanon war .
Its role is to deal with hasbara - meaning , in Hebrew , " explanation " , and referring variously to information , spin , and propaganda .
The directorate 's chief , Yarden Vatikai , said : " The hasbara apparatus needed a body that would co-ordinate its agencies , coordinate the messages and become a platform for co-operation between all the agencies that deal with communication relations and public diplomacy . "
The directorate acts across ministries and decides key messages on a daily basis .
Of its core messages for the media , there has been the advice that Hamas broke the ceasefire agreements with Israel ; that Israel 's objective is the defence of its population ; and that Hamas is a terror organisation targeting Israeli civilians .
" In general , we think we are succeeding in getting the message across , " said Vatikai .
Israeli officials have also enjoyed a clear edge with coverage .
An Israeli foreign ministry assessment of eight hours of coverage across international broadcast media reported that Israeli representatives got 58 minutes of airtime while the Palestinians got only 19 minutes .
Speaking for the Israeli military , Major Avital Leibovich said : " Quite a few outlets are very favourable to Israel , namely by showing [ it ] suffering ... I am sure it is a result of the new co-ordination . "
Speaking to the Jerusalem Post , the former Israeli ambassador to the UN Danny Gillerman said : " I do n't know how long it will last but at this moment Israel has no small measure of understanding and support , and even approval , from many countries . "
One of the challenges of Israel 's media offensive has been to counter the disturbing images of Gaza in the conflict .
" In the war of the pictures we lose , so you need to correct , explain or balance it in other ways , " said Aviv Shir - On , foreign ministry deputy director - general for public affairs .
" Support does n't mean the world is standing behind us , but it does mean people understand what we are doing and why . "
The hasbara directive also liaises over core messages with bodies such as friendship leagues , Jewish communities , bloggers and backers using online networks .
Last week the directorate started a YouTube channel showing Israeli bombings in the Gaza strip .
" New media is a new war zone within the media - we are planning to be relevant there , " said Leibovich .
In June 2005 , I started taking photos of the burgers I was eating while researching the feature " Texas Burger Binge . "
I finished the feature in August of that year , but the burger photo file kept on growing .
In June 2005 , I started taking photos of the burgers I was eating while researching the feature " Texas Burger Binge . "
I finished the feature in August of that year , but the burger photo file kept on growing .
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage , and to enhance and customize content and advertisements .
By clicking ' X ' or continuing to use the site , you agree to allow cookies to be placed .
To find out more , visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy .
Strong typing –you either love it or hate it !
Elaborate type systems catch a lot of programming errors at compile time .
On the other hand they impose the burden of type annotation on the programmer , and they sometimes disallow valid programs or force type casting .
In Java there ’s been a never - ending discussion about the lack of support for const types .
People coming from the C++ background see it as a major flaw .
Others would defend Java from const ness with their own bodies .
I ’m always on the lookout for solutions that let programmers have a cake and eat it too .
Pluggable types are just the thing .
You want const enforcement ?
Add a constness plug to your compiler .
You want compile time null reference checks ?
Add another plug .
How is it possible ?
Java annotations as type modifiers
Did you know that Java had a system of user - defined annotations ( C# has a similar thing ) ?
Annotations start with the @ sign and can be used , for instance , to annotate classes or variables .
The Java compiler does n’t do much with them other then embed them as metadata in class files .
They can be retrieved at runtime as part of the reflection mechanism .
I never thought of annotations as more than an ad hoc curiosity until I read Matthew Papi’s Ph.D. thesis , Practical pluggable types for Java .
The paper proposes the use annotations to extend the Java type system .
This work contributed to the JSR 308 proposal , which allows annotations to appear anywhere types are used .
For instance , you could annotate a declaration of an object with the @NonNull qualifier :
@NonNull Object nnObj ;
or declare a read - only list of read - only elements :
class UnmodifiableList <T> implements @ ReadOnly List<@ReadOnly T> { ... }
What distinguishes such annotations from bona fide comments is that they can be type checked by user - defined checkers .
These checkers can be plugged into the compiler and run during compilation .
They get access to abstract syntax trees ( ASTs ) produced by the language parser , so they can also do semantic checks ( e.g. , detect method calls through a potentially null pointer ) .
Examples of type system extensions
A simple NonNull checker detects assignments of potentially null objects to non-null objects , as in :
Object obj ; @ NonNull Object nnObj = obj ; // warning !
The checker must know that the default qualifier is @ Nullable ( potentially null ) and @ NonNull is a “ subtype ” of @ Nullable ( strinctly speaking , @ NonNull T is a subtype of @ Nullable T ) .
In fact , simple type annotations of the @Nullable variety may be defined within the program and type - checked by the generic Basic Type Checker provided as part of the type checker framework .
For instance , the subtyping relationship may expressed declaratively as :
@TypeQualifier @SubtypeOf ( { Nullable.class } ) public @interface NonNull { }
However , a specialized checker can do more than just check type correctness .
The NonNull checker , for instance , issues a warning every time the program tries to dereference a @ Nullable object ( remember that @ Nullable is the default implicit annotation ) .
An even more useful checker enforces immutability constraints ( the generalization of const types ) .
The IGJ checker ( Immutability Generic Java ) introduces , among others , the following annotations :
@ Mutable : The default .
Allows the object to be modified .
@ReadOnly :
An object cannot be modified through this reference .
This is analogous to C++ const reference .
reference .
@ Immutable :
An object may not be modified through any reference ( not only the current one ) .
Java String s are immutable .
Incidentally , similar immutability constraints are built into the type system of the D programming language , except that D’s const and immutable ( formerly known as invariant ) are transitive .
Try it !
Suppose you are a fan of immutability constraints and you want to try them right now .
First , download the JSR 308 compiler and checkers from the pluggable types web site .
To compile your annotated program , use the command line :
javac - processor checkers .IGJ.IGJChecker < source - files >
If your program does n’t obey immutability constraints specified in your source code , you ’ll see a bunch of warnings and errors .
Now for the annotations .
You might want to do them bottom up :
Annotate methods that do n’t modify this : void foo ( ) @ ReadOnly ;
These methods may only call other @ReadOnly methods of the same object ( the checker will tell you if you break this rule ) .
: Annotate arguments that are not modified by a method , e.g. , void foo( @ReadOnly Bar bar ) ;
Annotate objects that never change after creation : @ Immutable Bar bar = new @ Immutable Bar ( ) ;
And so on …
You can pass @ Immutable as well as @Mutable objects to methods that take @ReadOnly arguments , but not the other way around .
Of course , any attempt to modify a @ReadOnly or @ Immutable object will be flagged as error by the checker .
Nullness checker
The nullness checker protects your program from dereferencing uninitialized objects .
For instance , you can only call a method or access a property of an object that is typed as @NonNull .
Since the implicit default annotation is @ Nullable , the following code will be flagged as an error :
Bar bar ; bar.toString ( ) ;
There are some interesting issues related to nullness .
For instance , during object construction , this cannot be considered @NonNull .
Consequently you cannot call regular methods from an object ’s constructor .
To remedy this situation without compromising the type system , a special annotation @Raw was added .
Inside the constructor , this ( and all @ NonNull subobjects under construction ) are considered @Raw .
So if you want to call an object ’s method from inside its constructor , such method must be annotated @Raw .
Polymorphism
It ’s possible to overload functions based on their nullness annotation .
For instance , if you know that a function ’s argument is @ NonNull , you might want to skip a null test :
String stringize ( Bar bar ) { if ( bar != null ) return bar .toString ( ) ; else return " " ; } // Specialized version String stringize ( @NonNull Bar bar ) { return bar.toString ( ) ; }
Interestingly , since the compiler does flow analysis , it knows that inside the if statement bar is not null , even though it ’s ( implicitly ) declared as @ Nullable , so it wo n’t flag it as an error .
( This is called flow - dependent typing –I implemented something like that in my Dr. Dobb ’s article using local variable shadowing . )
Let ’s try something more challenging –declaring the identity function , a function that simply returns its argument .
The naive declaration
T identity ( T x ) ;
has a problem when nullability annotations are in force .
Since the default annotation is @ Nullable , the above is equivalent to
@ Nullable T identity ( @Nullable T x ) ;
When called with a @ NonNull argument , this function will return a @ Nullable result .
That ’s not good !
You can ameliorate this situation by declaring a separate overload :
@NonNull T identity ( @NonNull T x ) ;
The problem is that , when you keep adding new kinds of type annotations to your system , the number of overloads of identity starts growing exponentially .
Enter polymorphic annotation @ PolyNull .
The identity function can pass the nullness annotation through , if you declare it as follows :
@PolyNull T identity ( @PolyNull T x ) ;
Amazingly enough , @PolyNull will also work with multiple arguments .
Consider the max function :
@PolyNull T max(@PolyNull T x , @ PolyNull T y ) ;
Through the magic of type unification , this declaration does the right thing .
The nullability annotations of both arguments are unified to the lowest common denominator –the most derived annotation in the subtyping hierarchy to which both types can be implicitly converted .
So , if both arguments are @NonNull , their unification is @ NonNull , and the result is @ NonNull .
But if even one of the arguments is @ Nullable , then the result is @ Nullable .
Notice that this declaration covers four possible overloads :
@NonNull T max(@NonNull T x , @ NonNull T y ) ; @ NullableT max(@NonNull T x , @ NullableT y ) ; @ NullableT max(@NullableT x , @ NonNull T y ) ; @ Nullable T max( @NullableT x , @ NullableT y ) ;
For non-static methods , the annotation of this may also take part in the unification :
@PolyNull T foo( @PolyNull T x ) @ PolyNull ;
Shortcomings
One of the limitation of user - defined type annotations is that they ca n’t take part in program optimization .
That ’s because the type checker is not allowed to modify the AST .
( See Walter Bright ’s blog in Dr. Dobbs about optimization opportunities based on immutability in the D programming language . )
Acknowledgments
Michael Ernst , who was Matthew Papi ’s doctoral adviser , clarified some of the issues for me .
Since I ’m attending his seminar , I ’ll be blogging more about his work .
Want to know if the bulls or bears will be rampaging through the market this year ?
Popular wisdom says look to the Super Bowl for the answer because a seemingly startling correlation appears to exist between who wins the big game and how the market will perform in that calendar year .
According to the “ Super Bowl Indicator , ” a triumphant team from the old American Football League ( now the American Football Conference , or AFC ) foreshadows a down market , but a winner from the old NFL ( now the National Football Conference , or NFC ) means dust off your red cape , because the bulls are coming .
The Super Bowl Indicator ( SBI ) has been on the money 33 years out of 41 ( as measured by the Dow Jones Industrial Average ) , which represents a success rate of 80 %.1 Between 1967 and 1997 it was accurate 28 times out of 31 ( a better than 90 % average ) ; it then hit the skids , going 0 - 4 between 1998 and 2001 , but rebounded by being correct 4 years out of 5 between 2002 and 2007.2
Due to league expansion , franchise moves , and conference shifts , the SBI has posed some interpretive problems in recent years as fewer and few Super Bowls pit former AFL teams against old - line NFL teams .
Both the 2003 and 2004 championship games featured post - merger expansion teams ( the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Carolina Panthers ) and the 2007 and 2009 contests were waged between two original NFL teams ( Colts vs. Bears and Steelers vs. Cardinals ) .
An alternate theory linking the Super Bowl to stock market performance in reverse fashion postulates that Wall Street ’s results can be used to predict the outcome of the game .
According to this theory , if the Dow rises from the end of November until Super Bowl game day , the team whose full name appears later in the alphabet will win .
Although the Super Bowl Indicator is the best known stock market superstition , there are other beliefs endemic to Wall Street .
Additional lore from the floor claims it ’s a bad omen for the market if the Mets make the World Series ( which has only happened four times in the last 40 years ) .
It ’s also supposed to be a bad sign if a horse wins racing ’s Triple Crown ( which has occurred a mere three times in the last 54 years , and not since 1978 ) .
Some people place their faith in the “ January barometer , ” a theory that says as January goes for stocks , so goes the year .
From 1950 through 2000 , the January barometer was accurate 92.5 % of the time .
Impressive numbers aside , all lore of this nature should be taken with many grains of salt .
The adage that “ correlation does not equal causation ” should be kept firmly in mind by those thinking of entering the market over a Wall Street - favorable Super Bowl result .
Or , as New York Times columnist Floyd Norris observed , “ Anyone foolish enough to bet on a game based on the stock market , or credulous enough to believe a football game can forecast the stock market , probably should hire a money manager , or a psychiatrist , or both . ”
" The big lesson of 2008 is that if the music is strong enough and retailers work well with suppliers to get that product in - store , music fans will respond and buy in their droves . "
Cocaine repels most insects -- which is why the coca plant makes the chemical in the first place .
But in a surprising new finding , U.S. and Australian researchers reported Friday that honeybees are susceptible to the drug ’s insidious lure .
They become addicted , and even suffer withdrawal symptoms when they no longer have access .
The findings , reported in the Journal of Experimental Biology , may help explain the “ waggle dance ” used by foraging bees to tell their hive - mates where to find food , and even provide hints about how the drug works in the human brain .
Researchers led by entomologist Andrew Barron of Macquarie University in Sydney trained a hive of bees to forage at a nearby supply of sugar water .
Then they applied minute quantities of cocaine to the backs of foragers .
Advertisement
He and neuroscientist Gene Robinson of the University of Illinois found that the bees ’ dance remained tightly controlled , providing accurate directions to the food source .
But the insects now demonstrated an unusually strong response to food , acting as though a weak solution of sugar water was a much better food source and communicating their findings much more enthusiastically to hive - mates .
The bees grew tolerant of the drug , meaning continually higher doses were required to achieve the same effect .
But if they were given it for a week and then refused access , they were severely affected , becoming much less able to learn new tasks , such as distinguishing between two scents , the team found .
Robinson had previously shown that a chemical called octopamine in the brains of bees influences their altruistic waggle dancing .
The new findings suggest that cocaine interacts with this chemical system , accentuating its effects .
--
Advertisement
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Jan 27 , 2008
Monday , the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture Manfred Nowak told CNN's Rick Sanchez that the US has an " obligation " to investigate whether Bush administration officials ordered torture , adding that he believes that there is already enough evidence to prosecute former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
" We have clear evidence , " he said .
" In our report that we sent to the United Nations , we made it clear that former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld clearly authorized torture methods and he was told at that time by Alberto Mora , the legal council of the Navy , ' Mr. Secretary , what you are actual ordering here amounts to torture . '
So , there we have the clear evidence that Mr. Rumsfeld knew what he was doing but , nevertheless , he ordered torture . "
Asked during an interview with Germany 's ZDF television on Jan. 20 , Nowak said : " I think the evidence is on the table . "
At issue , however , is whether " American law will recognize these forms of torture . "
A bipartisan Senate report released last month found Rumsfeld and other top administration officials responsible for abuse of Guantanamo detainees in US custody .
It said Rumsfeld authorized harsh interrogation techniques on December 2 , 2002 at the Guantanamo prison , although he ruled them out a month later .
The coercive measures were based on a document signed by Bush in February , 2002 .
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast Jan. 26 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Santa Monica
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
It was like 50 paces to the nearest restroom !
I sat there in my car wondering what the hell you were up to - you spent at least 2 minutes scurrying around your parked car , looking to see if the coast was clear .
I thought you were going to , like , break into someone else 's car or something .
Then I guessed you thought you were " safe " and hurried to the front of your car , near the third level stairwell , dropped your pants , squatted and WENT TO IT !
For Christ 's sake , woman !
All the time you spent looking out for passing cars so no one would see you crapping like a dog in public , you could have hustled your lazy ass downstairs and into the building and USED THE DAMNED RESTROOM !
Sheesh !
Anyway - if you 're free later , drop me a line .
I was never more turned on in my life .
I ’m gonna guess not any more .
You see , Donny decided to write about gays on his Web site .
He kind of equated us with men who beat their wives and children , or perhaps men who have sex with their own children , it ’s a bit hard to tell .
But what is n’t hard to tell is the part where he says that gays are “ immoral ” and that they “ will bring upon individuals , communities , and nations the calamities foretold by ancient and modern prophets . ”
What a pompous bigoted ass .
Do you forcibly convert Jewish Holocaust victims to Mormonism too , Donny ?
Joe .
My .
God has more :
Donny Osmond “ loves ” his gay friends , even though he believes they are immoral whore - sluts bringing “ calamities foretold by ancient and modern prophets ” upon the nation .
How does that work , exactly ?
For what it ’s worth , there ’s no evidence that Osmond donated to Yes On 8 , nor has he spoken publicly on the issue other than on his website .
However as a devout and wealthy Mormon , some portion of his tithing probably went into the campaign .
Did n’t know a lot about Mormons until November 4 , the day they killed love , other than the fact that many people think they ’re a cult .
And I have to say , I grow less impressed by the day .
They seem awfully intent on forcing everyone on the planet to live their way .
What follows is an interview with Benoît Jacob and Gael Guennebaud , two developers of the open source Eigen project , which provides incredibly fast C++ matrix and vector numeric code .
OK , let ’s start out with the basics .
Could you introduce yourselves ?
Benoit : I ’m a Mathematics postdoc at the University of Toronto , coming from France .
I ’m working on C*- algebras , and teaching linear algebra .
In addition to Eigen , I contribute to a few other free software projects , mostly within KDE .
In the past I also contributed to Avogadro and a little bit to Open Babel .
Gael : I ’m a French researcher in Computer Graphics currently working at INRIA Bordeaux .
In particular , my research interests include real - time rendering and surface representations .
My major contribution in the open - source world is by far what I did in Eigen , but I also contributed a bit to vcglib and MeshLab .
What is Eigen ?
Benoit and Gael : Eigen is a free C++ template math library mainly focused on vectors , matrices , and linear algebra .
It is a self - contained library covering a very broad range of use cases .
For example , it covers both dense and sparse objects , and in the dense case , it covers both fixed - size and dynamic - size objects .
Moreover it provides linear algebra algorithms , a geometry framework , etc .
It has a very nice API for C++ programmers , and it embraces very high performance .
What drove you to create Eigen and Eigen 2 ?
Benoit : Eigen 1 was a very small project , 2500 LOC and just a few months of development .
Its creation in 2006 was driven by the then - simple needs of some KDE and KOffice apps .
However it quickly turned out that we had underestimated their needs , and Eigen 1 was insufficient .
So in 2007 , I started developing Eigen2 .
The aim was to create the linear algebra library that would satisfy all the needs of KDE and KOffice apps — a goal that , in retrospect , was very ambitious , and will only be reached with Eigen 2.1 .
After an initial experiment with TVMET ‘s code , I decided to restart from scratch in August 2007 and quickly got a working implementation of expression templates .
However , this early Eigen 2 was very small .
Development speed really picked up when Gael joined in early 2008 .
Gael :
A bit more than a year ago , I became tired of going back and forth between my own fixed size vector / matrix classes and more generic linear algebra packages .
So , I started looking at the other existing solutions without being excited by any of them .
Since I have been using KDE for about 9 years , I was really curious to know what the KDE ’s folks did in this area .
At that time , it was exactly the start of Eigen2 which looked promising but the fact it was based on TVMET puzzled me .
Eventually , Benoît had the great idea to restart the development of Eige n2 from scratch , and after one or two months he came up with a very lean design .
Moreover his vision and feature plan for Eigen2 exactly matched my own , and being part of the KDE community was exciting too !
At the beginning , I naively thought that after one or two months the job would be done !
Instead , we started playing with exciting stuff like explicit vectorization , efficient matrix products , sparse matrix , etc .
Many people are familiar with other linear algebra and matrix libraries , including BLAS / LAPACK , Intel ’s Math Kernel Library , and Apple ’s vecLib framework .
Can you explain how Eigen is different , besides being written in C ++?
Benoit and Gael :
Giving a fair answer to that question would require a thorough comparison to all existing libraries that is obviously out the scope of this interview .
Search for “ C++ matrix library ” to get an idea .
For us , most important criteria include :
generality ,
performance ,
ease of use ,
license policy .
Even more important is a sort of meta criterion which would glue together all these criteria .
Indeed , what ’s the point in having a very efficient library but which which cannot handle your specific needs , and / or that you cannot freely use / extend because of the license ?
The central difference between Eigen and other libraries reside in this unmatched combination of advantages .
For instance , BLAS / LAPACK are certainly the most popular matrix / linear algebra packages .
They can achieve very high performance , but only for relatively large and dense matrices , and through proprietary implementations such as Intel ’s MKL or Apple ’s vecLib .
Goto BLAS too has a restrictive license .
API - wise , BLAS / LAPACK are also very painful to use , though that limitation is somewhat overcome by the existence of many high - level wrappers ( FLENS , matlab , etc. ) .
In contrast , not only does Eigen provide a feature set to BLAS / LAPACK with better ease of use , but it also seamlessly supports small fixed size matrices , has experimental support for sparse matrices with optional back - ends , and includes other modules such as linear least squares and geometry .
As we said , expression templates bring unmatched expressiveness and performance for basic operations .
It is therefore interesting to have a brief look at the few other C++ template libraries which are also based on expression templates .
The most popular ones include TVMET , Blitz ++ , and Boost ::uBLAS .
However , in contrast to Eigen , none of them provide explicit vectorization nor include linear algebra algorithms .
They also perform poorly for both small and large matrix sizes , and suffer from some shortcomings in the way expression templates have been implemented making them hard to use in practice .
For example , contrary to Eigen , they do not decide automatically when to use lazy evaluation .
Eigen handles most cases automatically while ultimately letting the user override the default behavior .
For example , in a chained matrix product A * B*C , Eigen understands that lazy evaluation would be a bad idea so decides to evaluate A*B into a temporary , while Boost : :uBLAS requires the user to do that explicitly .
Another advantage of Eigen over these other C++ libraries , is that Eigen has still reasonable compilation times : we are very careful about that .
How does performance compare to other alternatives ?
Do you have some benchmarks ?
Gael :
Since good performance is one of our top priorities , we indeed regularly run several benchmarks .
When speaking about performance it is important to distinguish between small fixed size and larger matrix which require very different kind of optimizations .
About the first category , Eigen includes meta-unrollers and an advanced explicit vectorization mechanism allowing us to generate machine code as good as hand written assembly code .
Therefore , in all our benchmarks , we found Eigen outperforms all other libraries , or at least we made sure that was the case by fixing Eigen when needed 😉
For relatively large matrices , we have a comparison of several free and non-free libraries .
These results demonstrate that Eigen outperforms all other Free libraries , including ATLAS .
Compared to non-Free alternatives like Intel ’s MKL and Goto , Eigen is usually faster for both Level - 1 ( vector - vector ) and Level - 2 ( matrix - vector ) equivalent BLAS operations .
This is mainly due to expression templates , and a highly optimized matrix - vector product algorithm .
However , we acknowledge that matrix - matrix operations are not yet as optimized as their respective BLAS Level - 3 routines of MKL and Goto .
Regarding higher - level linear algebra algorithms like LU or Cholesky factorizations , we currently do not provide any block implementations for them .
Therefore the equivalent LAPACK routines of vendor tuned implementations scale better for very large matrices .
Compared to them , we also lack a support for multi-core computing .
But nothing is engraved in stone , and we are confident that all these performance limitations for very large matrices will be overcome in the future , in the short term by adding an optional LAPACK backend to Eigen , and in the longer term , who knows 😉
What projects are using Eigen right now ?
Benoit and Gael : Eigen is already used in a wide range of applications .
Some of them include :
It is very interesting and motivating to see how many projects already switched , or are going to switched to Eigen , proving Eigen fills a real gap .
How would you write code with Eigen ?
Could you give me an example , say of multiplying the inverse of matrix A by matrix B ?
Benoit :
This operation amounts to solving the system AX=B which can be done for example using a LU decomposition .
With Eigen you would do :
A.lu( ) .solve( B , &X ) ;
Now , depending on your context , you may prefer using another kind of decomposition .
Here , Eigen also allows you to use a QR , LLt , LDLt , or SVD decomposition , each time with the same obvious syntax , for example :
A.svd ( ) .solve( B , &X ) ;
If your matrices have small and fixed size , and especially if B is a vector , it can be faster to actually compute the inverse and the product :
A.inverse ( ) * B ;
Here is a full example program that you can compile .
It works with a 1000 ×1000 matrix A and a 1000×500 matrix B , with double precision .
I get a relative error of the order of 1e - 13 which is pretty good .
Eigen ’s LU does full pivoting which guarantees that it works in all cases , and an user just reported speed to be on par with LAPACK .
However , for this kind of large sizes , depending on the CPU cache size , we acknowledge that it would start to be beneficial to have a more cache - friendly implementation , typically working block - wise .
#include < Eigen /LU >// provides LU decomposition #include < Eigen / Array >// provides random matrices using namespace Eigen ; int main ( ) { MatrixXd A = MatrixXd :: Random ( 1000 , 1000 ) ; MatrixXd B = MatrixXd :: Random ( 1000 , 500 ) ; MatrixXd X ; A.lu( ) .solve( B , &X ) ; std::cout << " relative error : " << ( A * X - B ) .norm ( ) / B.norm ( ) << std::endl ; }
More examples are given in the API showcase .
Since Eigen is a template library , can you explain the license ?
Can you use it in proprietary projects ?
Benoit :
The license is dual LGPL3 +/ GPL2 +.
This means it ’s LGPL3 + , except that GPL2 projects ca n’t use LGPL3 + libraries so just for them we added the GPL2 + as an alternative .
Yes , proprietary closed - source projects may use Eigen , without having to open any of their source code .
The LGPL license allows it and we do have several closed - source users .
There used to be a problem with the older LGPL 2.1 and template libraries .
Indeed , the phrasing of the LGPL 2.1 was not applicable to the case of C++ template libraries where the code is in header files and is included rather than linked to .
Fortunately this issue was fixed in the LGPL3 which now explicitly adresses this issue in Section 3 , in addition to having a much more generally applicable phrasing overall .
See our Licensing FAQ .
What are some goals of Eigen moving forward ?
What kind of help do you need ?
What are some new features we might see in Eigen 2.1 ?
Benoit and Gael : Our goals for 2.1 are :
Our goals for 2.1 are :
Finish stabilizing the API ( the API guarantee is only partial in 2.0 )
Complete the Sparse module .
One goal is to make it good enough for Step in KDE 4.3 and Krita .
Make sure all dense decompositions are world - class ( LU is already good though we have improvements in mind , SVD is being completely rewritten , etc … )
Make fixed - size specializations of algorithms
Optimize the case of complex numbers
Vectorize more operations ( e.g. , exp ( ) or sin ( ) or log ( ) )
Investigate optionally leveraging new GCC 4.4 hotness : per-function optimization flags
We need a lot of help with all that , more details can be found in our To - do .
If new contributors join the team , in the longer term , we could see some new modules covering statistics , fast fourier transform , non linear optimizations , etc .
We also welcome testing , especially on exotic ( read : non-GNU or non-x86/x86-64 ) platforms .
All bug reports are much appreciated .
While Circuit City has already seen over 150 of its stores close , more closures and even liquidation may be in the company 's future .
I remember the old Circuit City ads , where the giant red electricalplug would come crashing down on top of a retail building , and themotto " where service is state of the art " would come across the bottomof the screen .
Those days are gone , and all that 's left is a once - prominentelectronic retailer , 155 outlets weaker , and on the brink ofextinction .
In a letter to employees ( and now , everyone ) , CEO JimMarcum outlined the company 's strategy for the coming weeks , which will hopefully end in Circuit City avoiding liquidation .
" This week , the company filed with the Bankruptcy Court a motionthat seeks Court approval for a process that formally puts the companyup for sale , " said Marcum .
" A sale could include as a " going concern " ( meaning that the acquirer would continue to operate Circuit City as abusiness ) , pieces of the company as separate business units ( such asmarkets , regions , or operating units ) or as individual assets ( such asthe sale of inventory ) .
The motion was made public today in advance ofa hearing to approve the motion later today . "
According to the CEO , a sale must be made by January 16th , and while Mr. Marcum believes this is indeed possible , there is no guarantee of asale being made .
In the event that no sale is made , Circuit City headsto the auction block , and will be at the mercy of the highest bidder .
While Marcum lays the company 's fate at the feet of our weakeconomy , he does spread the blame around a little .
" Poor macroeconomicconditions are further impacting our business and our vendors ' confidence , " said the CEO .
" Some of our vendors , including some keymerchandise vendors , are still unwilling to relax their strict termsand have not provided meaningful credit .
Securing better vendor creditand terms is essential for Circuit City 's survival . "
While the future of Circuit City is cloudy , one thing is certain : come January 16th , Circuit City will be under the umbrella of someother company , be it another retailer like Best Buy or some liquidationfirm who wants nothing but to sell of the inventory and then do withthe name as it pleases ( think CompUSA ) .
Hopefully , Circuit City willsurvive , leaving consumers with something more than a two pony ( Wal - Mart and Best Buy ) show .
Read Marcum 's letter in its entirety here .
Cheney : 33 detainees suffered ' enhanced interrogation ' Nick Juliano
Published : Monday December 22 , 2008
Print This Email This Continuing what some might call his his Torture Defense Tour ' 08 , Dick Cheney on Monday revealed for the first time the number of US captives who were subjected to so - called " enhanced interrogation , " and he insisted the US had a moral imperative to engage in such techniques .
The outgoing vice president said CIA interrogators subjected 33 detainees to the harsh techniques , which critics say constitute torture , and he vigorously defended the practice .
After a weekend interview with Fox News Sunday , Cheney spoke to the conservative Washington Times on Monday .
" I think there were a total of about 33 who were subjected to enhanced interrogation ; only three of those who were subjected to waterboarding , " Cheney told the paper , according to a transcript released by the Vice President 's office Monday .
" Was it torture ?
I do n't believe it was torture .
We spent a great deal of time and effort getting legal advice , legal opinion out of the Office of Legal Counsel , which is where you go for those kinds of opinions , from the Department of Justice as to where the red lines were out there in terms of this you can do , this you can't do .
The CIA handled itself , I think , very appropriately . "
Techniques beyond waterboarding include use of stress positions , forced nudity , sleep deprivation and exploitation of fears , for example by threatening detainees with vicious dogs .
Cheney went to great lengths to separate the extreme treatment of nearly three dozen detainees in US custody from the abuses recorded at Abu Ghraib .
He essentially rehashed the line the Bush administration has been giving since the scandals first erupted , that abuses were the results of a few low - level bad actors and in no way stemmed from policy decisions at the top .
Buying into this logic , of course , would require ignoring reams of evidence to the contrary , including a comprehensive , bipartisan Senate report on detainee treatment .
The Committees investigation found , however , that senior officials in the U.S. government decided to use some of these harsh techniques against detainees based on deeply flawed interpretations of U.S. and international law .
The Committee concluded that the authorization of aggressive interrogation techniques by senior officials was both a direct cause of detainee abuse and conveyed the message that it was okay to mistreat and degrade detainees in U.S. custody .
Cheney was unapologetic about the use of harsh techniques , which he admitted he " signed off on . "
The vice president even claimed it would have been immoral to not mistreat the detainees .
And come to the question of morality and ethics , in my mind , the foremost obligation we had from a moral or an ethical standpoint was to the oath of office we took when we were sworn in on January 20th of 2001 , to protect and defend against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
And that 's what we 've done .
And I think it would have been unethical or immoral for us not to do everything we could in order to protect the nation against further attacks like what happened on 9/11 .
We made the judgment , the President and I and others , that that was n't going to happen again on our watch .
And I feel very good about what we did .
I think it was the right thing to do .
If I was faced with those circumstances again , I 'd do exactly the same thing .
Left out of Cheney 's interview was any acknowledgement that intelligence agencies -- without resorting to torture -- were warning of a pending attack in the summer of 2001 , and that President Bush dismissively ignored the implications of his infamous Aug.
6 , 2001 , Presidential Daily Brief .
( To refresh , Bush 's reaction to hearing " Bin Laden Determined to Strike in US , " was to tell his CIA briefer , " All right .
You 've covered your ass , now " and return shortly to his brush clearing . )
While the CIA 's tactics have been widely deplored because of the myriad human rights violations they likely involve , there 's also virtually no evidence they actually work ( beyond , of course , the oh - so - trustworthy Cheney 's repeated assurances ) .
On this point , Cheney may take heart in his old colleague 's verdict on the never - found Weapons of Mass Destruction in Iraq : " The absence of evidence is not evidence of absence . "
Type -Checking Zero Knowledge
This paper presents the ï¬rst type system for statically analyzing security protocols that are based on zero - knowledge proofs .
We show how certain properties offered by zero - knowledge proofs can be characterized in terms of authorization policies and statically enforced by a type system .
The analysis is modular and compositional , and provides security proofs for an unbounded number of protocol executions .
We develop a new type - checker that conducts the analysis in a fully automated manner .
We exemplify the applicability of our technique to real - world protocols by verifying the authenticity and secrecy properties of the Direct Anonymous Attestation ( DAA ) protocol .
The analysis of DAA takes less than three seconds .
A little dependent type theory , a little Pi calculus , a little cryptography ... there 's something for everyone !
This is follow - up work to this story that Ehud posted .
The source code can be found here .
A few days ago I was watching a movie and I saw the Dreamworks logo .
It 's very well known and incredibly beautiful ; that little kid sitting on the moon fishing .
But what caught my attention was the clouds on the logo .
They were so dramatic , and I thought that it would be a nice idea try to replicate the effect in Adobe Photoshop CS4 .
The first thing I did was search on the web for references , and to see if there was already a tutorial showing how to accomplish the effect .
I found some , not showing exactly what I wanted ; but they gave me a nice idea of what I would have to do .
I also looked at some real clouds to better understand how they work .
In this tutorial I will show you how to create fluffy clouds in Photoshop .
Step 1
Create a new document in Photoshop .
For this image I chose the A4 format .
You can find it under the International Paper Preset .
Then in the Background layer and apply a Layer Style with Pattern Overlay .
For the Pattern , select the Linen Weave , it 's a default pattern in Photoshop .
Step 2
Add a new layer and create a rectangle with the Rectangle Tool ( U ) .
Make it slightly smaller than the background , so it will have some borders .
After that apply a Gradient Overlay via Layer Styles .
Use Linear for the Type , 90 º for the Angle and for the colors use : # 12141c , #3e221a , #341f1b .
Step 3
For the Clouds I created a brush .
It 's really easy and I learned that from another tutorial I found online , you can see the video here .
But I decided to show you the screenshots too , because it 's easier to follow .
Basically create a brush and use this settings :
Brush Tip Shape : Round shape , 500px Diameter , 0 % Hardness , 25 % Spacing .
Shape Dynamics : 100 % Size Jitter , 20 % Minimum Diameter , Angle Jitter 20 % , Roundness Jitter 0 % .
Scattering : Scatter Both Axes and 120 % , Count 5 , Count Jitter 100 % .
Texture : Select Clouds for the Pattern , 400 % for the Scale ( but you can make it bigger if you want the couds softer and you will have to reduce the size if you want a smaller brush ) .
Mode Color Burn
Step 4
Now add a new layer and select white for the color .
Choose the Cloud brush and start painting the cloud .
The secret here is paiting it very slowly , click by click until you get the shape you want .
Step 5
The previous step we created the first part of the cloud , but to make it look more volumetric and realistic you will have to create some dark areas .
Add another layer on top of the white cloud and go to Layer > Create Clipping Mask .
Select black for the color and change the Brush Opacity to 50 % ( press 5 ) .
Then start painting the dark areas .
If you look at some real clouds you will notice that these dark areas are always at the bottom of the clouds , so do the same .
Step 6
Paint one cloud and move it to the right side of the page like the image below .
Step 7
Create another cloud and place it on the other side .
Step 8
Now create a big cloud , remember if you increase the size of the brush you will have to increase the size of the pattern of the brush preset .
Also create smaller ones too , so you can create so sort of persepective .
The biggers in the front of the document and go reducing the size to those that are in the back .
Step 9
Add a new layer and fill it with a gradient .
Use # 291907 and # dad6d2 for the colors , then change the Blend Mode to Overlay .
Step 10
Here I decided to get a photo of a moon instead of creting one , that could easily be done too , but my goal was to create only the clouds from scratch , at least this time .
So I used an image and you can donwload it here .
Step 11
Change the Blend Mode of the Moon layer to Color Dodge and duplicate the layer so the moon will get shinner .
Step 12
Add a new folder in the Layer Palette and change the Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
This folder will be beneath the Moons ' layers .
After that inside this folder , add a new layer and select white for the color .
With the Brush Tool ( B ) select a basic round brush very soft , 0 % hardness , and 20 % opacity .
Make it slightly larger than the moon , use the [ and ] to reduce or increase the size of the brush .
Then start painting the light , use the image below for reference .
Step 13
Select the Eraser Tool ( E ) and start deleting the area of the moon that wo n't be illuminated .
Step 14
Here let 's add our Santa Claus 's reindeer , you can find lot sof images on the web or if you prefer you can buy a very nice vector at iStockphoto.com
Step 15
In this step I just added some stars , I have written quite a few tutorials showing how to create stars in Photoshop so you can check that out at http://abduzeedo.com/space-lighting-effects-10-steps-photoshop-tutorial.
Add the layers beneath all the other layers and , also , delete the area beneath the moon , even the dark area .
Step 16 - Aurora Borealis
To create the Aurora Borealis effect , add a new folder in the Layer Palette , rename it to " aurora " and change the Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
Inside the folde add a new layer a and select the Brush Tool ( B ) .
Get the Cloud brush you created for the clouds and paint some clouds , use the image below for reference .
Step 17
Go to Filter > Blur > Motion Blur .
Use 90 º for the Angle and 450 pixels for the Distance .
Step 18
Now go to Filter > Distort > Spherize .
Use 53 % for the Amount and Normal for the Mode
Step 19
The last filter for the Aurora Borealis effect is a little wave distortion .
Go to Filter > Distort > Wave .
Use the image below for the values .
Step 20
My first idea for the design was to give it a nice vintage style .
To do that I used some texture .
Just add some textures on top of the other layers and try different bend modes and opacities .
In this case I used an old paper image with Overlay for the Blend Mode .
Step 21
Here add the text and logos and group all layers .
Rename the group to " card " and duplicate the group .
With the duplicated group selected go to Layer > Merge Group .
Step 22
With the merged layer selected go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
Use 20 pixels for the Radius and a change the Blend Mode to Screen .
Then with the Eraset Tool ( E ) delete some areas that wo n't need to be so bright , Basically leave just the clouds and the moon , and deleted the rest of the the image .
Conclusion
You can add more effects like using brushes and masks to create even more vintage effects , like my final card .
The idea of this tutorial was to show how to create more fluffy and realistic clouds .
Once again I used references from other tutorials on the web .
There are so many good tutorials online showing how to create some effects that then it's a matter of just adapting them to your needs .
In my case I just added a few extra steps to create my clouds .
I hope you enjoy the tutorial and a Merry Christmas to everyone ;)
Other Examples
Download the PSD file
Click here to download the Photoshop file used for this tutorial
All Antarctica seems to be warming , report says Review of 50 years of data shows that the east side of the continent is also heating up , scientists say
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close All Antarctica seems to be warming , report says 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The climate trend that is raising temperatures across most of the world is warming all of Antarctica despite earlier signs that most of the ice - covered continent has cooled during the past 50 years , researchers are reporting today .
The scientists stop short of claiming with certainty that wind - borne greenhouse gases from global industries on other continents are responsible for Antarctica 's warming , but they say their evidence makes them " almost certain " that human activity carries at least some of the blame .
For years the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , whose scientists track global warming year by year , has reported that greenhouse gases and global warming have clearly hit six of the world 's seven continents , but that the evidence from Antarctica is still unclear .
West Antarctica is known to be warming strongly , but the climate of the much larger eastern area was said to be cooling , some scientists have argued .
Now the issue has apparently been resolved .
In a report published today in the journal Nature , climatologists Eric Geist of the University of Washington and Drew Shindell of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies say that for the first time they combined satellite observations over the entire continent with evidence from more than 100 manned and unmanned weather stations both inland and along the continent 's coasts to determine climate trends for the past 50 years .
During an hour - long teleconference Wednesday , the scientists said their data clearly shows that on average the entire Antarctic continent has been gradually warming at least since 1957 .
West Antarctica , separated from the far larger eastern part by the towering Transantarctic mountain range , has long evidenced a strong warming trend .
And the Antarctic Peninsula , warmer than everywhere else in the western region , is where massive ice shelves have collapsed into the sea as springtime temperatures rise above the melting point there .
But East Antarctica has been a very different story .
Here , many scientists have contended that the huge region has been cooling over the past half - century .
A leading scientist who has long collected data supporting that cooling argument conceded , in an e-mail to The Chronicle on Wednesday , that the evidence in the new report " lends confidence " that the new findings on Antarctic temperature trends " are robust . "
Andrew Monaghan of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo. , also was impressed by the new findings and said he 's convinced that greenhouse gases - known as " anthropogenic " influences - have played a role in warming Antarctica 's climate .
" My opinion is that anthropogenic impacts - through both greenhouse gases and stratospheric ozone - are having a discernible impact on Antarctic climate variability and will continue to do so , " Monaghan said .
During Wednesday 's teleconference , Shindell said wind patterns across Antarctica make it difficult to pin down the role of greenhouse gases in warming the continent , but human activity in the world 's other continents should be added in as an influence pushing Antarctic temperatures up .
" We 're almost certain that increases in greenhouse gases on other continents are contributing to this warming in Antarctica , " Shindell said .
Scientists have been severely hindered in studying the icy continent 's climate trends because most manned weather stations are located along the accessible coasts .
But Geist said his team was able to gather valuable satellite data covering the past 25 years .
They then combined that data with records from unmanned stations located inland and left by visiting scientists over the years since the International Geophysical Year of 1957 - 58 .
The result , Geist said , was a combined record clearly showing that East Antarctica , too has been warming over the past 50 years - although warming on the continent 's western side has been twice as rapid .
While the numbers are complicated , the team 's evidence indicates that over the entire Antarctic continent - where year - round temperatures average nearly 50 degrees below zero - the average temperature increase for the past 50 years has been half a degree Celsius , or just under one full degree Fahrenheit , Geist said .
One degree may not seem like much , but a two - degree global increase - universally forecast before the end of this century - would pose major threats to world stability .
Scientists predict that food crops would die in some regions and increase in others , and rising sea levels , caused by melting ice , would drown many low - lying coasts and islands , particularly in developing nations where poverty is already endemic .
I could n't help but love Chris Yeh 's Outline of Predictably Irrational : The Hidden Forces that Shape Our Decisions .
It 's a fascinating look into the surprisingly predictable psychology that powers human actions and reactions , and I think there are some definitive lessons we can take away from the piece and apply to web marketing .
Let 's run through the list :
I : The Truth About Relativity
When Williams - Sonoma introduced bread machines , sales were slow .
When they added a " deluxe " version that was 50 % more expensive , they started flying off the shelves ; the first bread machine now appeared to be a bargain
When contemplating the purchase of a $ 25 pen , the majority of subjects would drive to another store 15 minutes away to save $ 7 .
When contemplating the purchase of a $ 455 suit , the majority of subjects would not drive to another store 15 minutes away to save $ 7 .
The amount saved and time involved are the same , but people make very different choices .
Watch out for relative thinking ; it comes naturally to all of us .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Offer a premium version of your product / service and make it easy to compare
Charging more has the added benefit of reducing the " bargain shopper " mentality
II : The Fallacy of Supply & Demand
Savador Assael , the Pearl King , single - handedly created the market for black pearls , which were unknown in the industry before 1973 .
His first attempt to market the pearls was an utter failure ; he did n't sell a single pearl .
So he went to his friend , Harry Winston , and had Winston put them in the window of his 5th Avenue store with an outrageous price tag attached .
Then he ran full page ads in glossy magazines with black pearls next to diamonds , rubies , and emeralds .
Soon , black pearls were considered precious .
Simonsohn and Loewenstein found that people who move to a new city remain anchored to the prices they paid in their previous city .
People who move from Lubbock to Pittsburgh squeeze their families into smaller houses to pay the same amount .
People who move from LA to Pittsburgh do n't save money , they just move into mansions .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Want to be a premium product and charge a premium price ?
Set yourself against " premium " competitors in premium markets .
Positioning is critical to the perception of value .
Anchoring happens - plan for it in your sales models and be prepared that old customers will be resistant to new pricing , even when the circumstances are very different .
III : The Cost of Zero Cost
In the real world , this effect was demonstrated by Amazon 's free shipping .
After Super Saver shipping was introduced , Amazon saw sales increases everywhere except for France .
It turned out that the French division offered 1 franc ( $ 0.20 ) pricing instead of free pricing .
When this was changed to free , France saw the same sales increases as elsewhere .
Another real - world example : People will wait in line for absurdly long times to get something for free .
Free is one of the most powerful ways to trigger behavior .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Offer free stuff , but make sure you get ROI from it ( traffic / ad views / email addresses / etc )
Be prepared for the fact that people will ENJOY free stuff more than normal , simply because it is free .
Use this to your advantage and give away to those whose love & affection you need ( reporters , bloggers , pundits , haters , etc . )
Making people work to get something for free is a great way to trigger behaviors that might otherwise cost a fortune ( think web surveys , information classification , data entry , etc . )
IV : The Cost of Social Norms
Vohs , Mead , and Goode : Participants were asked to unscramble sentences that were either neutral ( " It 's cold outside " ) or related to money ( " High - paying salary " ) .
Then they were asked to solve a puzzle .
The experimenter left the room , and the subjects were allowed to go to him for help .
" Salary " participants waited 5.5 minutes to ask for help ; " neutral " participants waited only 3 minutes
Thinking about money made people more self - reliant and less willing to ask for help .
On the other hand , they were less willing to help others .
The conclusion is that thinking about money puts one in a market frame of mind .
Subjects were : More selfish and self - reliant Wanted to spend more time alone
Were more likely to select individual tasks rather than those that required teamwork Chose to sit farther away from others
A real - life example :
The AARP asked lawyers to participate in a program where they would offer their services to needy employees for a discounted price of $ 30 / hour .
No dice .
When the program manager instead asked if they'd offer their services for free , the lawyers overwhelmingly said they would participate .
Conclusion : Market norms drive out social norms .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Those who freely contribute to your site / business with recommendations , referrals , content ( think blog comments or UGC articles ) , etc. might not be willing to do so if paid .
Think twice before paying for what you might be able to get for free .
The mindset of volunteers vs. employees is very different - consider which behavior set you want before deciding on the type of labor to attract .
V : The Influence of Arousal
Ariely and Loewenstein conducted an experiment on Berkeley undergrads ( Ariely tried to do this at MIT , but could n't get the necessary permissions ) .
They asked them a series of questions .
Then they had the undergraduates stimulate themselves to a state of sexual arousal , and asked them to answer the same set of questions .
The results show that people simply do n't realize how different their decision - making is during a state of arousal .
Implications - Someone may promise to just say no , but that promise is less likely to hold up during a state of arousal .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing
There 's a reason why AdultFriend Finder made an IPO last week , despite terrible economic conditions
Arouse your audience and their behavior changes drastically ( note : this is probably not universally applicable )
VI : The Problem of Procrastination and Self Control
Ariely conducted an experiment on his class .
Students were required to write three papers .
Ariely asked the first group to commit to dates by which they would turn in each paper .
Late papers would be penalized 1 % per day .
There was no penalty for turning papers in early .
The logical response is to commit to turning all three papers in on the last day of class .
The second group was given no deadlines ; all three papers were due in the last day of class .
The third group was directed to turn their papers in on the 4th , 8th , and 12th weeks .
The results ?
Group 3 ( imposed deadlines ) got the best grades .
Group 2 ( no deadlines ) got the worst grades , and Group 1 ( self - selected deadlines ) finished in the middle .
Allowing students to pre-commit to deadlines improved performance .
Students who spaced out their commitments did well ; students who did the logical thing and gave no commitments did badly .
" These results suggest that although almost everyone has problems with procrastination , those who recognize and admit their weakness are in a better position to utilize available tools for precommitment and by doing so , help themselves overcome it . "
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Procrastination is an extremely common human behavior - plan for it in your business and take advantage of it where it can help ( trial offers that turn into paid services , for example ) .
By setting up early controls and making people recognize this weakness , we can reduce its negative impact .
You can apply this to contractors , employees , vendors , etc .
VII : The High Price of Ownership
The " endowment effect " means that when we own something , we begin to value it more than other people do .
Ariely and Carmon conducted an experiment on Duke students , who sleep out for weeks to get basketball tickets ; even those who sleep out are still subjected to a lottery at the end .
Some students get tickets , some do n't .
The students who did n't get tickets told Ariely that they'd be willing to pay up to $ 170 for tickets .
The students who did get the tickets told Ariely that they would n't accept less than $ 2,400 for their tickets .
There are three fundamental quirks of human nature .
We fall in love with what we already have .
We focus on what we might lose , rather than what we might gain .
We assume that other people will see the transaction from the same perspective as we do .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
In contrast to the recommendations for offering something for free , be aware that users who get your product / service for " free " will place less value on it than those who 've worked for it or bought it themselves .
It 's easier to get more money from your existing customers than it is to attract new ones ( this marketing wisdom has been around forever , but applies particularly well given this psychology ) .
VIII : Keeping Doors Open
In 210 BC , Xiang Yu led an army against the Ch'in Dynasty .
While his troops slept , he burned his ships and smashed all the cooking pots .
He explained to his troops that they had to either fight their way to victory or die .
His troops won 9 consecutive battles .
Eliminating options improved the focus of his troops .
We feel compelled to preserve options , even at great expense , even when it does n't make sense .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Narrow your customers ' choices and they 'll be more likely to commit .
Narrow navigation options to the most important / desired behaviors - it may seem counter - intuitive , but if you want users to click , reducing pathways may actually increase interaction ( page views , sales , etc ) .
IX : The Effect of Expectations
Ariely , Lee , and Frederick conducted yet another experiment on MIT students .
They let students taste two different beers , and then choose to get a free pint of one of the brews .
Brew A was Budweiser .
Brew B was Budweiser , plus 2 drops of balsamic vinegar per ounce .
When students were not told about the nature of the beers , they overwhelmingly chose the balsamic beer .
When students were told about the true nature of the beers , they overwhelmingly chose the Budweiser .
If you tell people up front that something might be distasteful , the odds are good they 'll end up agreeing with you -- because of their expectations .
Not only do we react differently based on stereotypes of others , we react differently based on stereotypes about ourselves .
Shin , Pittinsky , and Ambady conducted an experiment on Asian - American women .
A first group was asked questions related to their gender , then given a math test .
A second group was asked questions related to their race , then given a math test .
The second group did better on the math test than the first .
" Blind " presentation of the facts ( presenting the facts , but not revealing which party took which actions ) might help people better recognize the truth .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Take advantage of expectations - if you 're selling a product or service and can enhance the perception of value / enjoyment , your market is likely to follow along and actually get more value / enjoyment .
Branding is a powerfully ally in value creation - position your brand so that users expect great things , and they 'll get them .
X : The Power of Price
Ariely , Waber , Shiv , and Carmon made up a fake painkiller , Veladone - Rx .
An attractive woman in a business suit ( with a faint Russian accent ) told subjects that 92 % of patients receiving VR reported significant pain relief in 10 minutes , with relief lasting up to 8 hours .
When told that the drug cost $ 2.50 per dose , nearly all of the subjects reported pain relief .
When told that the drug cost $ 0.10 per dose , only half of the subjects reported pain relief .
The more pain a person experienced , the more pronounced the effect .
A similar study at U Iowa showed that students who paid list price for cold medications reported better medical outcomes than those who bought discount ( but clinically identical ) drugs .
Lessons to Apply to Web Marketing :
Higher pricing means higher expectations , but also more fulfillment , even if the product is n't actually more fulfilling !
Raise your consulting prices , people .
The Placebo effect is strong - do n't abuse it , but leverage this knowledge to be smart about your own purchases and investments and as a potentially valuable tool to use in comparisons with competitive products / services / companies .
Your turn - go read the full piece and see if there are any terrific snippets of advice / knowledge that you 'd apply to marketing online .
I 've only covered the surface level , so I suspect there 's a great deal more value to be gleaned .
p.s. Posting will remain light through January 5th , but YOUmoz is more active - and at its highest readership levels yet !
A careless remark , or a subtle message ?
Former Sony ( SNE ) chairman Nobuyuki Idei sat down with the FT to talk about the state of Japan 's struggling electronics industry , and said devices like Nintendo 's ( NTDOY )
Wii gives him faith Japan can continue to deliver high - quality , innovative products .
The Wii of course competes directly against Sony 's PS3 , and has been crushing the Sony device in sales , both in the US and Japan .
For the future , Mr Idei tipped electronics that do not just process information , but sense what it is happening in the world and then act on it .
He gave Nintendo 's Wii games console - which uses accelerometers to measure how a user is moving the controls - as an example .
It is the cluster of Kyoto - based technology companies , including Nintendo , that makes Mr Idei confident in the future of Japan 's electronics industry .
See Also :
Hey Microsoft & Sony , Stop Dissing Each Other , Nintendo Is Crushing Both Of You
Nintendo Kicking Sony's Butt In Japan Too
Analyst : Two Million Would - Be PS3 Owners Will Buy A Wii Instead This Year
Dede went under the knife for his first operation in January .
When Telegraph.co.uk spoke to him in hospital in March he described the pleasure of being able to walk without pain for the first time in 20 years .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Gay rights groups and newspaper editorials on Tuesday condemned the Vatican for its decision to oppose a proposed U.N. resolution calling on governments worldwide to de-criminalize homosexuality .
Pope Benedict XVI leaves after his special audience with pilgrims from the Diocese of Amalfi at the Vatican , November 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Giampiero Sposito
The row erupted after the Vatican ’s permanent observer to the United Nations told a French Catholic news agency the Holy See would oppose the resolution , which France is due to propose later this month on behalf of the 27 - member European Union .
Archbishop Celestino Migliore said the Vatican opposed the resolution because it would “ add new categories of those protected from discrimination ” and could lead to reverse discrimination against traditional heterosexual marriage .
“ If adopted , they would create new and implacable discriminations , ” Migliore said .
“ For example , states which do not recognize same - sex unions as ‘ matrimony ’ will be pilloried and made an object of pressure , ” Migliore said .
A strongly worded editorial in Italy ’s mainstream La Stampa newspaper said the Vatican ’s reasoning was “ grotesque . ”
Pointing out that homosexuality was still punishable by death in some Islamic countries , the editorial said what the Vatican really feared was a “ chain reaction in favor of legally recognized homosexual unions in countries , like Italy , where there is currently no legislation . ”
Franco Grillini , founder and honorary president of Arcigay , Italy ’s leading gay rights group , said the Vatican ’s reasoning smacked of “ total idiocy and madness . ”
“ The French resolution , which is supported by all 27 members of the European Union , has nothing to do with gay marriage .
It is about stopping jail and the death penalty for homosexuals , ” Grillini told Reuters .
FRANCE DEFENDS RESOLUTION
The resolution is to be presented by Rama Yade , France ’s state secretary for human rights .
On Tuesday the Paris government defended the resolution .
“ France ’s initiative ... is an initiative that is based on existing texts .
The idea is not to create new rights .
The idea is ... to make decriminalization possible , ” French Foreign Ministry spokesman Eric Chevallier said .
Human rights groups say homosexuality is still punishable by law in more than 85 countries and by death in a number of them , including Afghanistan , Iran , Saudi Arabia , Sudan and Yemen .
Vatican spokesman Rev Federico Lombardi said “ no one wants the death penalty or jail or fines for homosexuals ” but defended Migliore ’s comments , adding that the Vatican was in the majority on the issue .
“ It ’s not for nothing that fewer than 50 member states of the United Nations have adhered to the proposal in question while more than 150 have not adhered .
The Holy See is not alone , ” Lombardi said .
An editorial in Rome ’s left - leaning La Repubblica newspaper said the Vatican ’s position “ leaves one dumbstruck . ”
Margherita Boniver , a leading member of the Italy ’s leftist Democratic Party , called it “ alarmingly anachronistic . ”
Grillini , the gay rights activist , said he feared what he called another “ Holy Alliance ” between the Vatican and Islamic states at the United Nations to oppose the proposed resolution .
At a major U.N. conference on the family in Cairo in 1994 , the Vatican teamed up with Islamic and Latin American countries to defeat an abortion rights proposal .
The Catholic Church teaches that while homosexuality is not sinful , homosexual acts are .
But in October , a leading Vatican official called homosexuality “ a deviation , an irregularity and a wound . ”
Member since Dec 30 , 2008 .
Last seen online 11 years , 2 months ago .
/
Slideshow ( 2 images )
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Rock guitarist Joe Satriani has sued British band Coldplay , accusing the Grammy - nominated stars of plagiarizing one of his songs .
Satriani ’s copyright infringement suit , filed on Thursday in Los Angeles federal court , claims the Coldplay song “ Viva La Vida ” incorporates “ substantial original portions ” of his 2004 instrumental “ If I Could Fly . ”
The 52 - year - old guitar virtuoso is seeking a jury trial , damages and “ any and all profits ” attributable to the alleged copyright infringement .
Coldplay , whose soaring atmospheric tunes are often compared to those of Irish rock band U2 , received seven Grammy nominations on Wednesday , second only to rapper Lil Wayne .
Among its mentions were nominations in the key record and song of the year categories for “ Viva La Vida , ” which comes from the band ’s chart - topping album “ Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends . ”
The song is credited to the band ’s four members , singer Chris Martin ; bass player Guy Berryman ; guitarist Johnny Buckland ; and drummer Will Champion .
The title was inspired by a painting by Mexican artist Frida Kahlo .
The Satriani track comes from his album “ Is There Love in Space ? ” Further comment from Satriani ’s attorney , or reaction from Coldplay ’s management was not immediately available .
CLEVELAND -- Community and church leaders applauded Mayor Frank Jackson 's decision to lower charges for drug - paraphernalia cases from felonies to misdemeanors .
About two dozen supporters of the plan gathered Tuesday on the steps of City Hall to urge other politicians to find money for more drug treatment programs .
Although other Ohio cities have been charging the paraphernalia cases as misdemeanors for years , the Rev. Marvin McMickle of Antioch Baptist Church called the new policy " a bold initiative that will transform our county justice system . "
Drug abusers now face felony possession charges if caught with trace amounts of drugs in a crack pipe or heroin syringe .
The new policy gives offenders a chance to treat their addiction , Jackson said last week .
Early next year , the city will adopt a progressive system .
On the first offense , a user will be charged with having drug paraphernalia , a second - degree misdemeanor .
A second offense will be charged as a first - degree misdemeanor .
Defendants charged with either of these offenses could be eligible to have their cases diverted to Cleveland 's Drug Court .
Community activists have said for years that similar drug paraphernalia cases from the suburbs are charged as misdemeanors , leading to inequity in how justice is delivered .
McMickle agreed and said he saw the injustice firsthand .
He has been speaking out against the felony charges since he served as a foreman for the Cuyahoga County grand jury in 2001 .
The county indicts too many felony cases that hinder people , stuck with the tag of convicted felon , from later getting jobs , McMickle said .
Jackson made a decision that his predecessors overlooked , McMickle said .
Jackson plans to ask the county drug - abuse board for additional money to beef up treatment programs .
The supporters stressed that locking people up for drug addiction leaves less money for addicts who seek treatment .
Stanley Miller , executive director of the NAACP in Cleveland , added : " You ca n't police your way out of this . "
By James R. Husnay Sr .
Being an avid recreational fisherman for more than 60 years , I read with great interest your article " Get The Phosphorus Out " in the Jan. 11 edition of The Post - Standard .
I applaud the efforts of those who are concerned enough about their body of water that they 're making an attempt to save the beautiful and once - pristine Cazenovia Lake before it 's too late .
Although I have never fished the lake , I recall growing up in Binghamton back in the 1940s and early ' 50s and the many times friends and relatives ventured to Cazenovia in the summer to fish .
Each and every time it seemed they would return having those ever - famous outstretched hands and arms with fish stories of the ones that got away .
The efforts being undertaken by the residents of Cazenovia to clean the lake of unwanted phosphorus should n't be misconstrued as it being thought of as " their " lake .
Their concern should be everyone 's , knowing that almost every body of water within Central New York -- from lake to stream , creek to canal , and river , too -- is becoming inundated with invasive milfoil weed , as well as other invasive species .
For 20 or more years , with the loss of jobs and industry in Central New York , I 've heard and read many , many times that " The greatest resource we have in Central New York is our water and its waterways . "
It 's been said equally as often that this readily available resource could help lead us out of some of the economic woes we 've had over the years .
Yet , under the circumstances , this statement could n't be further from the truth when this very same fresh water that is characterized as an economic lifesaver is , for some reason , continuing to be depleted and destroyed of its natural life and freshness .
There are some who use these waters who wo n't be bothered to hear the negative possibilities , and take on an attitude of " let well enough alone . "
It 's their means of defending what 's already taken place because fishing , for them , has never been better .
The milfoil that grows so prolifically thrives on phosphorous as food ; in turn , it harbors large fish because smaller species are drawn there for protection .
Zebra mussels have cleansed the waters so well that fish can be attracted to a fishing lure 75 feet away .
Many never realize that these same species that help fishing have enhanced and unleashed an unnatural photosynthesis that aquatic weeds like milfoil thrive on , and it is becoming far more dangerous .
The complicated and fragile ecosystem is struggling for life itself .
For how long can this go on when the natural breathing system is overtaken and gone ?
No one knows for sure .
Meanwhile , individuals and businesses continue to pour the heavy doses of food onto their lawns .
This eventually runs off into our sewer system and directly into these bodies of water , feeding those invasive plants that will , in the end , help deplete the waters of needed oxygen .
Also , homeowners use disposal units to flush unwanted left over food down the drain , where it washes away as a waste stream of food for plants like milfoil .
People cut their lawns and leave huge amounts of grass clippings , filled with nutrient - laden phosphates , in the road , rather than cutting their lawns inward .
Both of these wastes eventually will enter our bodies of waters untreated through our sewer systems , compounding the already threatened natural balance of life itself .
With nothing being done to stop the practices that are contaminating Cazenovia Lake with phosphates , residents know the natural beauty and the aquatic life within the lake can , in time , be destroyed .
So again , I praise the efforts of the Cazenovians to save " their " lake .
I hope their efforts will , in the end , benefit those from Minoa to Minetto , from Syracuse to Spafford , giving us a guide to help us save " the greatest natural resource we have , " " our " waterways , so all can enjoy them in the future .
James R. Husnay Sr. lives in Minoa .
Improved race relations and short - term relief from soaring stress levels are among the likely after - effects of Barack Obama 's Tuesday night victory , say experts in mental health and race relations .
The emotion - filled election came at a time of great anxiety , says Richard Chaifetz , CEO of ComPsych , the largest U.S. employee assistance mental health provider .
Requests for counseling surged 40 % in the past six months , he says .
" Now that people know we 're going to have a change , it will give them hope and ease fears for a while , " he predicts .
But the rosy glow could fade within several weeks , Chaifetz adds , as people see that the financial meltdown — source of so much worry — is n't ending soon .
FAITH & REASON : What win means for religion and politics
And it 's not just money Americans have lost .
They need to recover from a betrayal of trust by financial and political leaders , says Linda Stroh , an organizational psychologist and author of Trust Rules : How to Tell the Good Guys From the Bad Guys in Work and Life .
" This breakdown in trust generates a huge amount of stress , " Stroh says .
If political leaders act quickly and calmly to restore trust , that would improve mental health even if the economy lags , she says .
BETTER LIFE ON MENTAL HEALTH : Scarlett O'Hara had bipolar disorder
Many young Americans got a huge morale boost from the Obama victory , says Ellen Thompson , 27 , of Cheyenne , Wyo .
With younger voters going to the polls in such high numbers , and a clear majority voting for Obama , " it has made young people feel quite empowered , " she says .
" Most of my friends did something in the campaign because they thought they could make a difference , and then they did . "
Of course , not everyone is thrilled with the outcome .
Rick Mende , an executive at a sock manufacturing firm , says he felt " nausea " after the election .
He fears higher taxes will discourage those who create wealth from continuing to do so .
" Personal initiative and responsibility will be in shorter and shorter supply , " says Mende , 56 , of Lewisville , N.C .
He says he also fears the global fallout from an Obama presidency : " I do n't think he has the savvy or the guts to stand up to Iran or the Muslim fundamentalists . "
Nobody was more surprised by the election result than Brian Ray , 49 , of Chicago , who is black .
"
It just did n't seem feasible .
...
So many whites were n't as prejudiced as we thought , " Ray says .
A black president will give people a more positive view of the race , he says .
" It does change how we look at the world — and how the world looks at us . "
That does n't mean racism is over , adds John Dovidio , a Yale University psychologist who has studied unconscious racism for three decades .
" Daily racism on the street is not going to disappear just because of the election . "
Younger people , though , are more likely than their elders to ease up on prejudice after getting to know people of other races , he says .
" This election will have long - term benefits in race relations , " Dovidio says .
READERS : How has the election affected you specifically in terms of your mental wellbeing ?
Sean Avery Apology
" I am really happy to be back in Calgary , I love Canada .
I just want to comment on how it has become a common thing in the NHL for guys to fall in love with my ' sloppy seconds ' .
I do n't know what that 's about .
Enjoy the game tonight . "
" I would like to sincerely apologize for my off - color remarks to the press yesterday from Calgary .
I should not have made those comments and I recognize that they were inappropriate .
It was a bad attempt to build excitement for the game , but I am now acutely aware of how hurtful my actions were .
I caused unnecessary embarrassment to my peers as well as people I have been close with in the past .
I apologize for offending the great fans of NHL , the commissioner , my teammates , my coaching staff and the Dallas Stars management and ownership .
As many of you know , I like to mix it up on and off the ice from time to time , but understand that this time I took it too far . "
Big mouth Dallas Stars playeropened up his trap before playing in Calgary on Tuesday and has now been suspended from the NHL indefinitely .
Read what he said to cause the firestorm :
It sure did n't take long for Sean to retract his statement about his ex-girlfriend
We do n't know about you but we think Sean is doing whatever he thinks will get him back in the good graces of the NHL .
Check out the video here .
We 've also got Elisha 's Maxim photo shoot here .
Since every cat owner knows who ’s the boss at home ( the cat is obviously ) , working from home with a feline colleague can be a challenge as you ’ll have to take care of tasks while dealing with
The first 700 million years of Earth ’s 4.5 - billion - year existence are known as the Hadean period , after Hades , or , to shed the ancient Greek name , Hell .
That name seemed to fit with the common perception that the young Earth was a hot , dry , desolate landscape interspersed with seas of magma and inhospitable for life .
Even if some organism had somehow popped into existence , the old story went , surely it would soon have been extinguished in the firestorm of one of the giant meteorites that slammed into the Earth when the young solar system was still crowded with debris .
Scars on the surface of the Moon record a hail of impacts during what is called the Late Heavy Bombardment .
The Earth would have received an even more intense bombardment , and the common thinking until recently was that life could not have emerged on Earth until the bombardment eased about 3.85 billion years ago .
Norman H. Sleep , a professor of geophysics at Stanford , recalled that in 1986 he submitted a paper that calculated the probability of life surviving one of the giant , early impacts .
It was summarily rejected because a reviewer said that obviously nothing could have lived then .
Four Oak Grove High School students were taken to the hospital on Friday after eating marijuana - laced brownies , San Jose police said .
A 15 - year - old boy brought the brownies to school and gave them to the students , who subsequently became sick , said Bob Nunez , East Side Union High School District superintendent .
“ I do n’t know if the students knew what was in them when they ate them , ” Nunez said .
“ But they got sick right away . ”
Nunez said the boy was arrested and taken to Santa Clara County Juvenile Hall .
The incident occurred about noon .
Although the students were taken to hospitals , their condition was not considered serious , Nunez said .
Nunez said he is concerned about this situation and that this was the first such incident he had heard of reported at the school .
“ We want to keep an eye out for these kind of things , ” he said .
Contact Sandra Gonzales at sgonzales@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5778 .
Gaza ’s pebbles vs. Israel ’s boulders December 31 , 2008
The non -stop mantra from the various apologists for Israel ’s latest warcrimes is that Israel has a right to defend itself from rocket attacks coming Gaza .
On the surface , this is completely true .
Looking deeper , it ’s little more than sophistry and a rationale to further degrade and humiliate an already degraded and humiliated population .
In searching the net , I was n’t able to find a comparison between the rockets that Gaza is launching and what Israel replies with .
So , here ’s one comparison :
Deep down , maybe Israelis are really afraid of a replay of the David - Goliath scenario ?
As I reviewed the past two months ' e-voting coverage at Ars and other sources for this pre-election wrap - up on the state of electronic voting , a depressing sense of déjà vu began to set in .
I realized at some point that all of the currently reported problems — the vote - flipping , the long lines , the lack of audit trails , the security problems , the indifference ( and , in some cases , belligerent incompetence ) of local elections officials — are simply repeats of elections and primaries past .
I could drag out ten or so articles from the 2002 midterms through the primaries of 2008 , change only the dates , and we'd have a pretty good description of the present problems with early voting in this election .
But despite the awful feeling that I 've spent the past six years repeating myself to no avail , I 'll proceed with brief highlights of a few of the important challenges facing tomorrow 's election .
The state of play
VerifiedVoting.org is the go - to source for the raw data on the state of America 's voting machinery .
As of today , only 18 states have the combination of voter - verified paper record ( VVPR ) and mandatory audits that are the minimum requirements for an election in which the state can hope to meet its burden of proof of election integrity .
Of the remaining states , 13 require that machines produce a VVPR , but they do not mandate a random audit of the results .
In other words , they 've mandated a mechanism for carrying out an audit ( i.e. , the VVPR , the sole purpose of which is to assist in an audit ) , but then they do n't actually take the next logical step and mandate the audit itself .
As I 've argued before , this is just like buying a burglar alarm for your house , and then never turning it on .
The remaining states , Ohio and Pennsylvania among them , require neither a VVPR nor an audit .
In other words , the barn door is open in these states , though in some of them ( like Ohio ) , VVPR - enabled machines are widely used even though state law does n't mandate them .
So , to summarize , we 've made 18 states worth of progress in the past few years .
I guess I should be happier about that than I am .
It 's worth remembering that this past January , Rep. Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) sponsored a bill that was a last - ditch effort to provide funds to move all 50 states away from paperless ( and unauditable ) electronic voting machines in advance of Tuesday 's election .
The bill was voted down by House Republicans on a party line vote .
Deja vu : vote flipping and lines
Vote flipping made an appearance on The Simpsons
More and more reports have emerged of vote flipping , and the typical response from experts on e-voting blogs has been to fault touchscreen calibration issues .
However , a comprehensive report on problems with the 2006 midterms detailed how some of the vote - flipping reports from those elections could not be attributed to calibration .
Specifically , many of the e-voting machines that exhibited this problem use alternative input methods like jog wheels .
As usual , most of the vote - flipping problems seem to be occurring on machines produced by ES&S .
This company and its problem - riddled iVotronic touchscreens were thrown out of Florida in the wake of the FL - 13 controversy .
Ultimately , the cause of the phenomenon — calibration , widespread user error , software glitches , tampering — is secondary to the fact that it has been repeatedly documented since 2006 and yet it persists .
Will
Ars be reporting on vote - flipping problems in the 2010 midterms ?
At this rate , it seems certain that it will .
Sort of like waiting in line at the Apple Store , but for a constitutional right
Punitively long lines are also making the news once again , as the elderly are forced to stand in line up to ten hours to cast their vote .
Any number of bloggers and news outlets are covering this issue , but I want to highlight an amazing video clip , posted on the BradBlog .
In this clip , the Democratic head of Philadelphia 's elections ridicules the interviewer for suggesting that there 's a problem with people standing in line for ten hours to vote .
" Did you see people waiting for baseball tickets , all night long outside ? , " said Marge Tartaglione asked her interviewer .
" Did you see the line when they wanted the new iPod , they all waited overnight and waited in line ?
You go to the supermarket , you see people waiting in line .
They complain , they grumble — some of them .
Some of them just talk .
So , what is the difference ? "
At this point , her incredulous interviewer asked for clarification .
" I 'm sorry , are you comparing voters who possibly have to work during the day to people who are standing in line to get an iPod or a Phillies ticket ? "
" Yeah it 's the same people ! , " Tartaglione replied .
" Same people !
Same people !
C'mon , you 're mixing apples with oranges .
Sit down . "
Later in the video , a voter reports that two out of three voting machines in her precinct were broken , a problem that exacerbated the line situation .
Voter registration fraud ?
Get a grip
I once caused a huge hubub at airport security when a dim TSA worker pulled a wireframe book stand out of my backpack and stopped the entire line to interrogate me about the nature and purpose of this sinister - looking device .
As I was being grilled by a tense , suspicious agent and her supervisor , I thought to myself , " if I can hijack an airplane with this object that you have in your hand , then we 're all just completely screwed .
Seriously .
Get a grip . "
That 's how I felt on my recent trip to New York , when I sat on a JetBlue flight and watched the Fox News Channel 's nonstop hysteria over ACORN and alleged voter registration fraud .
If any random homeless person can go to a state building , pick up a stack of freely available voter registration forms that anyone can get in any quantity they like , and then use those forms to vote multiple times and throw an election , then we 're all just screwed .
But " voter registration fraud " does not equal " vote fraud . "
Just because anyone who can operate a ballpoint pen can register multiple times under multiple bogus names , that does not mean that they can vote multiple times under multiple bogus names .
But rather than wade into this issue , which is a separate one from the vote fraud issue that I normally track , I 'll now turn the mic over to the Atlanta Journal Constitution 's op - ed page .
I read this editorial the other day , and it's a good take on the situation and what can be done to resolve it .
Yes , let 's shut down ACORN , and every other private voter registration group , so that we can hand this function over to the federal government .
In the end , a even a cursory perusal of e-voting stories on Ars , Wired 's Threat Level , or the BradBlog will paint a picture of a national voting apparatus in shambles .
The infrastructure of our democracy is fragile , unprepared for a massive turnout , and shamefully insecure .
As in years past , it 's a national disgrace .
And as in years past , here 's to hoping it 's fixed the next time .
Arash and Kamyar Alaei were respected for their HIV work Two prominent Iranian Aids doctors have been jailed for a total of nine years for their part in an alleged coup plot .
Brothers Arash Alaei and Kamyar Alaei were accused of being " key elements " in a plan Iran said was backed by the CIA .
The prison sentences were imposed after a secret trial and have provoked strong protests from human rights groups .
Lawyers for the men , known for their pioneering research into HIV and Aids treatment and prevention , said they had strenuously denied all the charges .
They said Arash Alaei was sentenced to six years in prison and Kamyar Alaei to three years .
The men were arrested in June but the reason for their detention was not immediately made clear .
The coup allegations only surfaced in recent weeks .
Iran should have been excited that something positive like this was coming from Iran
Sarah Kolloch
Physicians for Human Rights
Iran 's state media quoted the Intelligence Ministry as saying the men were among four people engaged in " creating social crisis , street demonstrations and ethnic disputes " .
The two other defendants have not been named .
Lawyer Massoud Shafiie said he would appeal against the charges and ask for the brothers ' release , " as there is no evidence proving their accusations " .
" Their foreign cooperation and relations were only scientific and cultural and not against the country , " he said .
' Velvet revolution '
The two doctors had travelled widely outside Iran , including to the US , to take part in conferences on HIV / Aids .
The BBC's Jon Leyne in Tehran says this may have meant they fell foul of a law banning Iranians from having relations with so - called " hostile states " .
" We do n't know why they were targeted , " said Sarah Kolloch of US - based Physicians for Human Rights ( PHR ) .
" Most of their presentations were about innovative work in Iran on HIV prevention .
If anything , Iran should have been excited that something positive like this was coming from Iran . "
The Iranian government has repeatedly warned of attempts to stir up a " velvet revolution " by creating social unrest in the country to destabilise the government .
But no evidence has been produced to show that Arash and Kamyar Alaei were engaged in anything other than international collaboration to fight the spread of HIV and Aids , says our correspondent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I stayed home Tuesday morning to watch the much - hyped Barack Obama speech on race and Jeremiah Wright .
I was glad I did .
I ’ll forgive him his 35 - minute , Bill Clinton - style delay before speaking because this speech was obviously one of the most important of his campaign .
I had wondered how Obama would both speak to white people who are concerned about the incendiary comments of Obama ’s mentor , Jeremiah Wright , and , at the same time , not upset black people , many of whom share some or all of Wright ’s views .
Obama did a good job , given the circumstances .
Why " given the circumstances ? "
Because there was a lot in Jeremiah Wright ’s speeches that is true or closer to true than many people are willing to countenance .
Unfortunately , had Obama tried to defend Wright ’s true or partly true remarks , he would have been hammered by the media , especially by many of those same commentators who hammered him anyway .
Many in the media would have treated Obama as badly as they treated Ron Paul when he raised some of the same issues .
It ’s true that Wright was more incendiary than Ron Paul .
But Obama is so smooth that he would not have been more incendiary than Ron Paul and , in fact , would probably have done a better job than Paul of explaining some of Wright ’s most radical thoughts .
Clearly , Obama knew that his candidacy would have been dead had he tried to defend these thoughts .
But I ’m not running for office .
So here goes .
And while I ’m at it , I ’ll evaluate some of the things many critics said about Wright and give my own criticism of Obama .
I should preface this by pointing out an interesting definition that journalist Michael Kinsley gave years ago of a gaffe .
A gaffe , he wrote , " is when a politician tells the truth . "
The idea is that the truth is something few people want to hear because it upsets them .
My favorite gaffe was that of Senator Bob Dole in 1976 , when he ran for Vice President of the United States .
In a debate with candidate Walter Mondale , Dole stated , " I figured it up the other day :
If we added up the killed and wounded in Democrat wars in this century , it would be about 1.6 million Americans  enough to fill the city of Detroit ” .
Virtually everyone attacked
Dole the next day , but not based on whether what he said was true or false .
Did he get the U.S. body count wrong ?
The critics did n’t say , although , as it happens , he got it right .
Were the four major U.S. wars of the 20th century up until 1976  World War I , World War II , the Korean War , and the Vietnam War  not Democratic wars ?
They did n’t say , but he got that right also .
Democratic presidents made the decision to go to war in all four cases .
Maybe , then , Dole had misestimated the population of Detroit ?
Again the critics did n’t say .
And that ’s the point .
In the critics ’ minds , the truth did n’t matter .
What mattered is that by talking about uncomfortable issues , Dole violated the code .
And the code says that you ’re either supposed to lie , as long as the lies are generally accepted , or talk about vague things like America ’s greatness or the audacity of hope .
But never , never talk about things that are true and that matter .
Because I think the truth does matter , I want to look at what Wright said .
Here ’s a quote from a sermon that Wright gave shortly after 9/11 , a sermon that many people have commented on :
" We bombed Hiroshima , we bombed Nagasaki , and we nuked far more than the thousands in New York and the Pentagon , and we never batted an eye .
We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans , and now we are indignant because the stuff we have done overseas is now brought right back into our own front yards .
America ’s chickens are coming home to roost . "
Wright does make one crucial error in this statement , one that I have harped on again and again in my columns on this site : he uses the word " we . "
He ’s wrong .
I did none of these things I ’m charged with .
Did you ?
But his use of a pronoun , however crucial that pronoun , was not what angered people .
What seemed to upset them was that Wright said this at all .
Again , though , if we want to evaluate Wright ’s statements , we need to check their truth .
Assuming that by " we , " Wright meant " the U.S. government , " let ’s consider each statement in turn and use the three options I learned in graduate school when answering questions : True , False , or Uncertain .
" We bombed Hiroshima . "
True .
" We bombed Nagasaki . "
True .
" We nuked far more than the thousands in New York and the Pentagon . "
True .
" We never batted an eye . " Uncertain or True , depending on what is meant by " we . "
Some people batted an eye .
But again , if we mean the U.S. government , Truman seemed pretty proud of what he had done .
So , True .
" We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians . "
True , unless you make it false by assumption  that is , by defining terrorism as something that can never be engaged in by states .
" and black South Africans . "
False , I believe .
I ’m not aware of any actions the U.S. government took to sponsor terrorism against black South Africans .
[ Author ’s note : a careful reader made me aware .
I now think this statement is likely true .
Here ’s what the reader wrote :
The US Government ( CIA ) did in fact do something rather conspicuous .
They turned Nelson Mandela over to the South African authorities .
It can be seen from the first 6 lines on this webpage .
Also , when I visited Mr. Mandela ’s house in February , I noticed an honorary award ( among the hundreds he had ) from a University in the US where they , on behalf of the United States , apologized for the CIA handing him over to the authorities .
It was in that text described as an attempt from the US to keep their relations with South Africa at " status quo " as they said . ]
" and now we are indignant because the stuff we have done overseas is now brought right back into our own front yards . "
True .
It is stuff done overseas .
It was brought into our front yards , metaphorically speaking .
And no one disputes that we , whether you mean the U.S. government or we individuals , were indignant .
" America ’s chickens are coming home to roost . "
True .
Note here that to judge his statement as true , you do n’t have to accept the view of University of Chicago scholar Robert Pape that suicide terrorism , even for al - Qaeda , is mainly a response to foreign occupation .
You just need to accept as fact that what the U.S. government has done in the world was , on 9/11 , done in the U.S. by others .
So there you have it .
I ’ve broken down his statement into eight statements , six of which are true , one of which is true or uncertain , and one of which is false .
In my class , that would get him a B+. ( I ’m a tough grader . )
I found this quote from Wright on conservative talk - show host Rush Limbaugh ’s web site .
Here ’s what Limbaugh says immediately after playing the Wright excerpt :
" Okay .
Now , let ’s examine this within the context of modern - day politics .
We ’ve had people call and they do n’t hear anything wrong with what the pastor is saying .
Ladies and gentlemen , what is the thrust of the Obama foreign policy as stated to date ?
See , I think because of the way Senator Obama ’s responding to this bunch of video and audio of his pastor that ’s out there , gives us an indication what his foreign policy is .
What we just heard from Jeremiah Wright is pretty close to what today ’s Democrat Party believes .
All through the past five years during the war in Iraq , what have we heard from various Democrats ?
That our reputation in the world ’s gone south , our reputation ’s horrible , this kind of stuff we ’ve brought on ourself .
We deserve this .
We gotta go around and we gotta talk , we gotta get a new president , we gotta talk to these people around the world and let them know that we ’re not the bad apples that they think we are .
We ’ve just got one rotten guy , that ’s Bush  well , two , and Cheney . "
Notice something interesting ?
Limbaugh does examine the quote " within the context of modern - day politics , " but he does n’t actually address whether it ’s true .
Moreover , Limbaugh misstates what Wright said .
Limbaugh attributes to Wright the view that " this kind of stuff we ’ve brought on ourself [ sic ] . "
Wright might believe that , and the " chickens coming to roost " remark could lead someone to think he believes that .
But Wright might also think that the 9/11 attacks were a predictable response to U.S. foreign policy , without addressing the issue of whether the attacks were deserved .
Many of the conservative commentators have claimed that Wright ’s speech was full of hate .
Now , it ’s possible that Wright hates people , but all I could see clearly from reading or listening to his speech is that it was full of anger .
Anger does not equal hate .
They can go together , but they do n’t have to .
Indeed , I ’ve found that the more clearly I ’ve expressed my anger , the less hate I ’ve had .
I do find fault with Obama ’s March 18 speech in three ways , though .
First , he himself never clearly made the distinction between Wright ’s anger and his alleged hatred .
Second , Obama also rejected what Wright had said about Israel , but he did it by mischaracterizing what Wright said .
Wright said :
" We supported Zionism shamelessly while ignoring the Palestinians and branding anybody who spoke out against it as being anti-Semitic . "
Again , is this true , false , or uncertain ?
It ’s mainly true .
The U.S. government ( there ’s that " we " again ) has supported Zionism with substantial money from U.S. taxpayers and , while it has not totally ignored the Palestinians , it certainly does not treat them as well as it does Israel ’s government .
Is it true that anybody who speaks out against Zionism is branded as anti-Semitic ?
Probably not .
But is almost everybody who speaks out against Zionism branded as anti-Semitic ?
Certainly .
But in his speech , Obama referred to Wright ’s view as :
" … a view that sees the conflicts in the Middle East as rooted primarily in the actions of stalwart allies like Israel , instead of emanating from the perverse and hateful ideologies of radical Islam . "
That may be what Wright believes 
Obama would know better than I  but that ’s certainly not what Wright said in the passage I cited .
Third , Obama asks us to get past the race issue and look at the other issues in the campaign .
He does so himself .
But in doing so , he stirs up resentment against people who are just as innocent as the struggling black man and the struggling white man displaced by affirmative action .
Obama states :
" Just as black anger often proved counterproductive , so have these white resentments distracted attention from the real culprits of the middle class squeeze  a corporate culture rife with inside dealing , questionable accounting practices , and short - term greed ; "
Later , Obama says :
" … the real problem is not that someone who does n’t look like you might take your job ; it ’s that the corporation you work for will ship it overseas for nothing more than a profit . "
This is the standard Democratic riff about how nasty corporations have caused a middle class squeeze .
How exactly did they do that ?
By bringing the prices of products down with the massive increases in productivity that they achieved , so that the average American has an array of goods and services that John D. Rockefeller would have envied ?
( Think penicillin , the Internet , and cheap , quick airline travel . )
And while there have been Enrons , is Obama seriously saying that these have been so widespread as to make the middle class worse off ?
Finally , if " the real problem is not that someone who does n’t look like you might take your job , " where does Obama get off objecting to a corporation that ships a job overseas ?
Obama overstates the issue : most of the jobs in manufacturing that have disappeared have done so because of increasing productivity .
Even China ’s manufacturing sector is losing jobs for the same reason .
But what if Obama were right that a lot of jobs are being shipped overseas ?
Are n’t they then going , largely , to " someone who does n’t look like you ? "
Does Obama have a double standard : one for Americans and one for everyone else ?
Does fairness stop at the border , Mr. Obama ?
Maybe you should consult a spiritual advisor who could educate you about the nastiness of putting " those people " in other countries lower on the scale .
Maybe you should have been actually listening to Jeremiah Wright .
Copyright © 2008 by David R. Henderson .
Requests for permission to reprint should be directed to the author or Antiwar.com .
Saddleback Pastor : Domestic Abuse Not Reason for Divorce Saddleback Pastor : Domestic Abuse Not Reason for Divorce
Email Print Img No-img Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin Comment
Correction appended
Physical abuse by one 's spouse is not a biblical reason for divorce , says a pastor at Saddleback Church in southern California .
Tom Holladay , teaching pastor at the megachurch founded by best - selling author Rick Warren , says the Bible only gives two cases where divorce is acceptable : abandonment and a physical affair .
" I wish there were a third in Scripture having been involved as a pastor with situations of abuse , " Holladay said in an audio clip posted on Saddleback Church 's Web site .
" There is something in me that wishes there were a Bible verse that says , ' If they abuse you in this - and - such kind of way , then you have a right to leave them . ' "
Physical abuse , he defined , is someone " literally " beating another person up regularly .
" I do n't mean they grab you once .
I mean they 've made a habit of beating you regularly , " he clarified .
But while Holladay believes divorce is not a biblical option in cases of domestic violence , he strongly recommends the couple to separate .
During the separation , the couple should undergo counseling and try to mend the marriage , he said .
" Separation combined with counseling has been proven to provide healing in people 's lives , " the pastor said , noting that his church , Saddleback , offers such a program .
Get The Christian Post newsletter in your inbox .
The top 7 stories of the day , curated just for you !
Delivery : Weekdays
" There is no where in the Bible that says you should put up with abuse , " he emphasized .
There is no where that says it is an " attitude of submission to let someone abuse you . "
It is logical to think that divorce will offer an escape from the pain , the pastor acknowledged , but in reality it does n't .
The pain of a broken marriage continues for the rest of a person 's life .
After a divorce , there is an " immediate release " from pain and people can think that freedom and joy are coming back into their life .
But in the long term , the pain recurs every time the two former spouses deal with the children or communicate .
And even events in a new marriage can trigger painful memories .
Holladay recommends instead of the " short - term solution " of a divorce that will involve long - term pain , people should endure " short - term pain " and find " God 's solution " for " long - term gain . "
The pastor explained that God understands the pain of a difficult marriage .
The nation of Israel in the Bible is depicted as the bride of God , but Scripture also expresses in great detail the pain of God as Israel tries to divorce itself from its spiritual husband .
Through the Bible , people can see that God understands the pain of a hurtful marriage and can offer comfort , strength , perspective and wisdom to those also suffering from such a relationship , the pastor said .
" Does God expect us to live with this pain ?
No , " Holladay stated .
" I think he expects us to ask him for wisdom to do the things that would cause the pain to begin to be solved .
He says we 're one and as Christians , as believers , the Bible says a husband is to sacrifice for his wife and the wife is to respect her husband . "
" So if that 's not happening , " he continued , " I think you have not only the right but also the responsibility to keep pushing for that , to not just settle for the pain . "
For those who had a divorce before accepting Christ as their savior , Holladay said God does not hold them accountable because the person did not know it was wrong .
And to those who divorced their spouse after becoming a believer , he said some of them will reflect that divorce seemed right at the time but now seems more of a selfish response than anything else .
To those people who admit they made the wrong choice , he noted that they should know God forgives sin .
Correction : Saturday , January 10 , 2009 :
An article on Saturday , Jan. 10 , 2009 , about a pastor saying that domestic violence is not a biblical reason for divorce incorrectly attributed the comments to Rick Warren , the founding pastor of Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , Calif .
The Christian Post later confirmed that the unattributed audio clip was of Tom Holladay , teaching pastor at Saddleback Church .
Air Ambulance International
With our 24 - hour control center Air Ambulance International are specialists providing global medical repatriation , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week 365 days a year .
We regularly give advice and assistance in all matters relating to medical transport .
Including the management and repatriation of people who have been injured or taken seriously ill whilst overseas , with advice on every aspect of aero-medical transport either by scheduled airline or air ambulance .
Additionally
We can arrange hospital admissions , specialist treatment , doctors appointments and referrals to specialist consultants .
We also regularly provide in flight qualified dentists , physiotherapists and other medical services in North America and the rest of the world .
Air ambulance specialists provide global medical repatriation when you need the best
Aero medical operations management center based at Houston , Texas , U.S.A .
Truly dedicated world wide medical repatriation that is operational 24 hours a day , 7 days a week throughout the year " Helping you every step of the way "
" Consistently the best "
Air Ambulance International ( AAI ) is a fee - for - service , air medical service company that specializes in domestic and international air ambulance , commercial medical escort and medical repatriation services .
12000 Westheimer Road Suite 219 , Houston TX.77077 United States
" State of the Union " Speech By Bill Clinton .
Date : January 19 , 1999 .
Source : Office of the White House Press Secretary .
Editor 's Notes :
This is a copy of the speech , as read by Clinton .
Tech Law Journal made the following editions .
First , " Applause " and " Laughter " references were deleted .
Second , statements about high tech policy were put in bold .
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary For Immediate Release January 19 , 1999 PRESIDENT WILLIAM JEFFERSON CLINTON
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS
United States Capitol Washington .
D.C. 9:10 P.M. EST THE PRESIDENT : Mr. Speaker , Mr. Vice President , members of Congress , honored guests , my fellow Americans : Tonight , I have the honor of reporting to you on the State of the Union .
Let me begin by saluting the new Speaker of the House , and thanking him , especially tonight , for extending an invitation to two special guests sitting in the gallery with Mrs. Hastert : Lyn Gibson and Wei Ling Chestnut are the widows of the two brave Capitol Hill police officers who gave their lives to defend freedom 's house .
Mr. Speaker , at your swearing - in , you asked us all to work together in a spirit of civility and bipartisanship .
Mr. Speaker , let 's do exactly that .
Tonight , I stand before you to report that America has created the longest peacetime economic expansion in our history with nearly 18 million new jobs , wages rising at more than twice the rate of inflation , the highest home ownership in history , the smallest welfare rolls in 30 years , and the lowest peacetime unemployment since 1957 .
For the first time in three decades , the budget is balanced .
From a deficit of $ 290 billion in 1992 , we had a surplus of $ 70 billion last year .
And now we are on course for budget surpluses for the next 25 years .
Thanks to the pioneering leadership of all of you , we have the lowest violent crime rate in a quarter century and the cleanest environment in a quarter century .
America is a strong force for peace from Northern Ireland to Bosnia to the Middle East .
Thanks to the leadership of Vice President Gore , we have a government for the Information Age .
Once again , a government that is a progressive instrument of the common good , rooted in our oldest values of opportunity , responsibility and community ; devoted to fiscal responsibility ; determined to give our people the tools they need to make the most of their own lives in the 21st century -- a 21st century government for 21st century America .
My fellow Americans , I stand before you tonight to report that the state of our union is strong .
America is working again .
The promise of our future is limitless .
But we cannot realize that promise if we allow the hum of our prosperity to lull us into complacency .
How we fare as a nation far into the 21st century depends upon what we do as a nation today .
So with our budget surplus growing , our economy expanding , our confidence rising , now is the moment for this generation to meet our historic responsibility to the 21st century .
Our fiscal discipline gives us an unsurpassed opportunity to address a remarkable new challenge -- the aging of America .
With the number of elderly Americans set to double by 2030 , the baby boom will become a senior boom .
So first , and above all , we must save Social Security for the 21st century .
Early in this century , being old meant being poor .
When President Roosevelt created Social Security , thousands wrote to thank him for eliminating what one woman called the " stark terror of penniless , helpless old age . "
Even today , without Social Security , half our nation 's elderly would be forced into poverty .
Today , Social Security is strong .
But by 2013 , payroll taxes will no longer be sufficient to cover monthly payments .
By 2032 , the trust fund will be exhausted and Social Security will be unable to pay the full benefits older Americans have been promised .
The best way to keep Social Security a rock - solid guarantee is not to make drastic cuts in benefits , not to raise payroll tax rates , not to drain resources from Social Security in the name of saving it .
Instead , I propose that we make an historic decision to invest the surplus to save Social Security .
Specifically , I propose that we commit 60 percent of the budget surplus for the next 15 years to Social Security , investing a small portion in the private sector , just as any private or state government pension would do .
This will earn a higher return and keep Social Security sound for 55 years .
But we must aim higher .
We should put Social Security on a sound footing for the next 75 years .
We should reduce poverty among elderly women , who are nearly twice as likely to be poor as our other seniors .
And we should eliminate the limits on what seniors on Social Security can earn .
Now , these changes will require difficult but fully achievable choices over and above the dedication of the surplus .
They must be made on a bipartisan basis .
They should be made this year .
So let me say to you tonight , I reach out my hand to all of you in both Houses , in both parties , and ask that we join together in saying to the American people :
We will save Social Security now .
Now , last year we wisely reserved all of the surplus until we knew what it would take to save Social Security .
Again , I say , we should n't spend any of it -- not any of it -- until after Social Security is truly saved .
First things first .
Second , once we have saved Social Security , we must fulfill our obligation to save and improve Medicare .
Already , we have extended the life of the Medicare trust fund by 10 years -- but we should extend it for at least another decade .
Tonight , I propose that we use one out of every $ 6 in the surplus for the next 15 years to guarantee the soundness of Medicare until the year 2020 .
But , again , we should aim higher .
We must be willing to work in a bipartisan way and look at new ideas , including the upcoming report of the bipartisan Medicare Commission .
If we work together , we can secure Medicare for the next two decades and cover the greatest growing need of seniors -- affordable prescription drugs .
Third , we must help all Americans , from their first day on the job -- to save , to invest , to create wealth .
From its beginning , Americans have supplemented Social Security with private pensions and savings .
Yet , today , millions of people retire with little to live on other than Social Security .
Americans living longer than ever simply must save more than ever .
Therefore , in addition to saving Social Security and Medicare , I propose a new pension initiative for retirement security in the 21st century .
I propose that we use a little over 11 percent of the surplus to establish universal savings accounts -- USA accounts -- to give all Americans the means to save .
With these new accounts Americans can invest as they choose and receive funds to match a portion of their savings , with extra help for those least able to save .
USA accounts will help all Americans to share in our nation 's wealth and to enjoy a more secure retirement .
I ask you to support them .
Fourth , we must invest in long - term care .
I propose a tax credit of $ 1,000 for the aged , ailing or disabled , and the families who care for them .
Long - term care will become a bigger and bigger challenge with the aging of America , and we must do more to help our families deal with it .
I was born in 1946 , the first year of the baby boom .
I can tell you that one of the greatest concerns of our generation is our absolute determination not to let our growing old place an intolerable burden on our children and their ability to raise our grandchildren .
Our economic success and our fiscal discipline now give us an opportunity to lift that burden from their shoulders , and we should take it .
Saving Social Security , Medicare , creating USA accounts -- this is the right way to use the surplus .
If we do so -- if we do so -- we will still have resources to meet critical needs in education and defense .
And I want to point out that this proposal is fiscally sound .
Listen to this :
If we set aside 60 percent of the surplus for Social Security and 16 percent for Medicare , over the next 15 years , that saving will achieve the lowest level of publicly - held debt since right before World War I , in 1917 .
So with these four measures -- saving Social Security , strengthening Medicare , establishing the USA accounts , supporting long - term care -- we can begin to meet our generation 's historic responsibility to establish true security for 21st century seniors .
Now , there are more children from more diverse backgrounds in our public schools than at any time in our history .
Their education must provide the knowledge and nurture the creativity that will allow our entire nation to thrive in the new economy .
Today we can say something we could n't say six years ago :
With tax credits and more affordable student loans , with more work - study grants and more Pell grants , with education IRAs and the new HOPE Scholarship tax cut that more than five million Americans will receive this year , we have finally opened the doors of college to all Americans .
With our support , nearly every state has set higher academic standards for public schools , and a voluntary national test is being developed to measure the progress of our students .
With over $ 1 billion in discounts available this year , we are well on our way to our goal of connecting every classroom and library to the Internet .
Last fall , you passed our proposal to start hiring 100,000 new teachers to reduce class size in the early grades .
Now I ask you to finish the job .
You know , our children are doing better .
SAT scores are up ; math scores have risen in nearly all grades .
But there 's a problem .
While our 4th graders outperform their peers in other countries in math and science , our 8th graders are around average , and our 12th graders rank near the bottom .
We must do better .
Now , each year the national government invests more than $ 15 billion in our public schools .
I believe we must change the way we invest that money , to support what works and to stop supporting what does not work .
First , later this year , I will send to Congress a plan that , for the first time , holds states and school districts accountable for progress and rewards them for results .
My Education Accountability
Act will require every school district receiving federal help to take the following five steps .
First , all schools must end social promotion .
No child should graduate from high school with a diploma he or she can't read .
We do our children no favors when we allow them to pass from grade to grade without mastering the material .
But we can't just hold students back because the system fails them .
So my balanced budget triples the funding for summer school and after - school programs , to keep a million children learning .
Now , if you doubt this will work , just look at Chicago , which ended social promotion and made summer school mandatory for those who do n't master the basics .
Math and reading scores are up three years running -- with some of the biggest gains in some of the poorest neighborhoods .
It will work , and we should do it .
Second , all states and school districts must turn around their worst - performing schools -- or shut them down .
That 's the policy established in North Carolina by Governor Jim Hunt .
North Carolina made the biggest gains in test scores in the nation last year .
Our budget includes $ 200 million to help states turn around their own failing schools .
Third , all states and school districts must be held responsible for the quality of their teachers .
The great majority of our teachers do a fine job .
But in too many schools , teachers do n't have college majors -- or even minors -- in the subjects they teach .
New teachers should be required to pass performance exams , and all teachers should know the subjects they 're teaching .
This year 's balanced budget contains resources to help them reach higher standards .
And to attract talented young teachers to the toughest assignments , I recommend a sixfold increase in our program for college scholarships for students who commit to teach in the inner cities and isolated rural areas and Indian communities .
Let us bring excellence in every part of America .
Fourth , we must empower parents , with more information and more choices .
In too many communities , it 's easier to get information on the quality of the local restaurants than on the quality of the local schools .
Every school district should issue report cards on every school .
And parents should be given more choices in selecting their public schools .
When I became President , there was just one independent public charter school in all America .
With our support , on a bipartisan basis , today there are 1,100 .
My budget assures that early in the next century , there will be 3,000 .
Fifth , to assure that our classrooms are truly places of learning , and to respond to what teachers have been asking us to do for years , we should say that all states and school districts must both adopt and implement sensible discipline policies .
Now , let 's do one more thing for our children .
Today , too many of our schools are so old they 're falling apart , or so over - crowded students are learning in trailers .
Last fall , Congress missed the opportunity to change that .
This year , with 53 million children in our schools , Congress must not miss that opportunity again .
I ask you to help our communities build or modernize 5,000 schools .
If we do these things -- end social promotion ; turn around failing schools ; build modern ones ; support qualified teachers ; promote innovation , competition and discipline -- then we will begin to meet our generation 's historic responsibility to create 21st century schools .
Now , we also have to do more to support the millions of parents who give their all every day at home and at work .
The most basic tool of all is a decent income .
So let 's raise the minimum wage by a dollar an hour over the next two years .
And let 's make sure that women and men get equal pay for equal work by strengthening enforcement of equal pay laws .
That was encouraging , you know .
There was more balance on the seats .
I like that .
Let 's give them a hand .
That 's great .
Working parents also need quality child care .
So , again this year , I ask Congress to support our plan for tax credits and subsidies for working families , for improved safety and quality , for expanded after - school programs .
And our plan also includes a new tax credit for stay - at - home parents , too .
They need support , as well .
Parents should never have to worry about choosing between their children and their work .
Now , the Family and Medical Leave Act -- the very first bill I signed into law -- has now , since 1993 , helped millions and millions of Americans to care for a newborn baby or an ailing relative without risking their jobs .
I think it 's time , with all the evidence that it has been so little burdensome to employers , to extend Family Leave to 10 million more Americans working for smaller companies .
And I hope you will support it .
Finally on the matter of work , parents should never have to face discrimination in the workplace .
So I want to ask Congress to prohibit companies from refusing to hire or promote workers simply because they have children .
That is not right .
America 's families deserve the world 's best medical care .
Thanks to bipartisan federal support for medical research , we are now on the verge of new treatments to prevent or delay diseases from Parkinson's to Alzheimer 's , to arthritis to cancer .
But as we continue our advances in medical science , we can't let our medical system lag behind .
Managed care has literally transformed medicine in America -- driving down costs , but threatening to drive down quality as well .
I think we ought to say to every American :
You should have the right to know all your medical options -- not just the cheapest .
If you need a specialist , you should have the right to see one .
You have a right to the nearest emergency care if you 're in an accident .
These are things that we ought to say .
And I think we ought to say , you should have a right to keep your doctor during a period of treatment , whether it's a pregnancy or a chemotherapy treatment , or anything else .
I believe this .
Now , I 've ordered these rights to be extended to the 85 millon Americans served by Medicare , Medicaid , and other federal health programs .
But only Congress can pass a patients ' bill of rights for all Americans .
Now , last year , Congress missed that opportunity and we must not miss that opportunity again .
For the sake of our families , I ask us to join together across party lines and pass a strong , enforceable patients ' bill of rights .
As more of our medical records are stored electronically , the threats to all our privacy increase .
Because Congress has given me the authority to act if it does not do so by August , one way or another , we can all say to the American people , we will protect the privacy of medical records and we will do it this year .
Now , two years ago , the Congress extended health coverage to up to five million children .
Now , we should go beyond that .
We should make it easier for small businesses to offer health insurance .
We should give people between the ages of 55 and 65 who lose their health insurance the chance to buy into Medicare .
And we should continue to ensure access to family planning .
No one should have to choose between keeping health care and taking a job .
And , therefore , I especially ask you tonight to join hands to pass the landmark bipartisan legislation -- proposed by Senators Kennedy and Jeffords , Roth and Moynihan -- to allow people with disabilities to keep their health insurance when they go to work .
We need to enable our public hospitals , our community , our university health centers to provide basic , affordable care for all the millions of working families who do n't have any insurance .
They do a lot of that today , but much more can be done .
And my balanced budget makes a good down payment toward that goal .
I hope you will think about them and support that provision .
Let me say we must step up our efforts to treat and prevent mental illness .
No American should ever be afraid -- ever -- to address this disease .
This year , we will host a White House Conference on Mental Health .
With sensitivity , commitment and passion , Tipper Gore is leading our efforts here , and I 'd like to thank her for what she 's done .
Thank you .
Thank you .
As everyone knows , our children are targets of a massive media campaign to hook them on cigarettes .
Now , I ask this Congress to resist the tobacco lobby , to reaffirm the FDA 's authority to protect our children from tobacco , and to hold tobacco companies accountable while protecting tobacco farmers .
Smoking has cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars under Medicare and other programs .
You know , the states have been right about this -- taxpayers should n't pay for the cost of lung cancer , emphysema and other smoking - related illnesses -- the tobacco companies should .
So tonight I announce that the Justice Department is preparing a litigation plan to take the tobacco companies to court -- and with the funds we recover , to strengthen Medicare .
Now , if we act in these areas -- minimum wage , family leave , child care , health care , the safety of our children -- then we will begin to meet our generation 's historic responsibility to strengthen our families for the 21st century .
Today , America is the most dynamic , competitive , job - creating economy in history .
But we can do even better -- in building a 21st century economy that embraces all Americans .
Today 's income gap is largely a skills gap .
Last year , the Congress passed a law enabling workers to get a skills grant to choose the training they need .
And I applaud all of you here who were part of that .
This year , I recommend a five - year commitment in the new system so that we can provide , over the next five years , appropriate training opportunities for all Americans who lose their jobs , and expand rapid response teams to help all towns which have been really hurt when businesses close .
I hope you will support this .
Also , I ask your support for a dramatic increase in federal support for adult literacy , to mount a national campaign aimed at helping the millions and millions of working people who still read at less than a 5th grade level .
We need to do this .
Here 's some good news :
In the past six years , we have cut the welfare rolls nearly in half .
Two years ago , from this podium , I asked five companies to lead a national effort to hire people off welfare .
Tonight , our Welfare to Work Partnership includes 10,000 companies who have hired hundreds of thousands of people .
And our balanced budget will help another 200,000 people move to the dignity and pride of work .
I hope you will support it .
We must do more to bring the spark of private enterprise to every corner of America -- to build a bridge from Wall Street to Appalachia to the Mississippi Delta , to our Native American communities -- with more support for community development banks , for empowerment zones , for 100,000 more vouchers for affordable housing .
And I ask Congress to support our bold new plan to help businesses raise up to $ 15 billion in private sector capital to bring jobs and opportunities to our inner cities and rural areas -- with tax credits , loan guarantees , including the new American Private Investment Company , modeled on the Overseas Private Investment Company .
For years and years and years , we 've had this OPIC , this Overseas Private Investment Corporation , because we knew we had untapped markets overseas .
But our greatest untapped markets are not overseas -- they are right here at home .
And we should go after them .
We must work hard to help bring prosperity back to the family farm .
As this Congress knows very well , dropping prices and the loss of foreign markets have devastated too many family farms .
Last year , the Congress provided substantial assistance to help stave off a disaster in American agriculture .
And I am ready to work with lawmakers of both parties to create a farm safety net that will include crop insurance reform and farm income assistance .
I ask you to join with me and do this .
This should not be a political issue .
Everyone knows what an economic problem is going on out there in rural America today , and we need an appropriate means to address it .
We must strengthen our lead in technology .
It was government investment that led to the creation of the Internet .
I propose a 28 - percent increase in long - term computing research .
We also must be ready for the 21st century from its very first moment , by solving the so - called Y2 K computer problem .
We had one member of Congress stand up and applaud .
And we may have about that ratio out there applauding at home , in front of their television sets .
But remember , this is a big , big problem .
And we 've been working hard on it .
Already , we 've made sure that the Social Security checks will come on time .
But I want all the folks at home listening to this to know that we need every state and local government , every business , large and small , to work with us to make sure that this Y2 K computer bug will be remembered as the last headache of the 20th century , not the first crisis of the 21st .
For our own prosperity , we must support economic growth abroad .
You know , until recently , a third of our economic growth came from exports .
But over the past year and a half , financial turmoil overseas has put that growth at risk .
Today , much of the world is in recession , with Asia hit especially hard .
This is the most serious financial crisis in half a century .
To meet it , the United States and other nations have reduced interest rates and strengthened the International Monetary Fund .
And while the turmoil is not over , we have worked very hard with other nations to contain it .
At the same time , we have to continue to work on the long - term project , building a global financial system for the 21st century that promotes prosperity and tames the cycle of boom and bust that has engulfed so much of Asia .
This June I will meet with other world leaders to advance this historic purpose .
And I ask all of you to support our endeavors .
I also ask you to support creating a freer and fairer trading system for 21st century America .
I 'd like to say something really serious to everyone in this chamber in both parties .
I think trade has divided us , and divided Americans outside this chamber , for too long .
Somehow we have to find a common ground on which business and workers and environmentalists and farmers and government can stand together .
I believe these are the things we ought to all agree on .
So let me try .
First , we ought to tear down barriers , open markets , and expand trade .
But at the same time , we must ensure that ordinary citizens in all countries actually benefit from trade -- a trade that promotes the dignity of work , and the rights of workers , and protects the environment .
We must insist that international trade organizations be more open to public scrutiny , instead of mysterious , secret things subject to wild criticism .
When you come right down to it , now that the world economy is becoming more and more integrated , we have to do in the world what we spent the better part of this century doing here at home .
We have got to put a human face on the global economy .
We must enforce our trade laws when imports unlawfully flood our nation .
I have already informed the government of Japan that if that nation 's sudden surge of steel imports into our country is not reversed , America will respond .
We must help all manufacturers hit hard by the present crisis with loan guarantees and other incentives to increase American exports by nearly $ 2 billion .
I 'd like to believe we can achieve a new consensus on trade , based on these principles .
And I ask the Congress again to join me in this common approach and to give the President the trade authority long used -- and now overdue and necessary -- to advance our prosperity in the 21st century .
Tonight , I issue a call to the nations of the world to join the United States in a new round of global trade negotiations to expand exports of services , manufacturers and farm products .
Tonight I say we will work with the International Labor Organization on a new initiative to raise labor standards around the world .
And this year , we will lead the international community to conclude a treaty to ban abusive child labor everywhere in the world .
If we do these things -- invest in our people , our communities , our technology , and lead in the global economy -- then we will begin to meet our historic responsibility to build a 21st century prosperity for America .
You know , no nation in history has had the opportunity and the responsibility we now have to shape a world that is more peaceful , more secure , more free .
All Americans can be proud that our leadership helped to bring peace in Northern Ireland .
All Americans can be proud that our leadership has put Bosnia on the path to peace .
And with our NATO allies , we are pressing the Serbian government to stop its brutal repression in Kosovo -- to bring those responsible to justice , and to give the people of Kosovo the self - government they deserve .
All Americans can be proud that our leadership renewed hope for lasting peace in the Middle East .
Some of you were with me last December as we watched the Palestinian National Council completely renounce its call for the destruction of Israel .
Now I ask Congress to provide resources so that all parties can implement the Wye Agreement -- to protect Israel 's security , to stimulate the Palestinian economy , to support our friends in Jordan .
We must not , we dare not , let them down .
I hope you will help .
As we work for peace , we must also meet threats to our nation 's security -- including increased dangers from outlaw nations and terrorism .
We will defend our security wherever we are threatened , as we did this summer when we struck at Osama bin Laden 's network of terror .
The bombing of our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania reminds us again of the risks faced every day by those who represent America to the world .
So let 's give them the support they need , the safest possible workplaces , and the resources they must have so America can continue to lead .
We must work to keep terrorists from disrupting computer networks .
We must work to prepare local communities for biological and chemical emergencies , to support research into vaccines and treatments .
We must increase our efforts to restrain the spread of nuclear weapons and missiles , from Korea to India and Pakistan .
We must expand our work with Russia , Ukraine , and the other former Soviet nations to safeguard nuclear materials and technology so they never fall into the wrong hands .
Our balanced budget will increase funding for these critical efforts by almost two - thirds over the next five years .
With Russia , we must continue to reduce our nuclear arsenals .
The START II treaty and the framework we have already agreed to for START III could cut them by 80 percent from their Cold War height .
It 's been two years since I signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .
If we do n't do the right thing , other nations wo n't either .
I ask the Senate to take this vital step : Approve the treaty now , to make it harder for other nations to develop nuclear arms , and to make sure we can end nuclear testing forever .
For nearly a decade , Iraq has defied its obligations to destroy its weapons of terror and the missiles to deliver them .
America will continue to contain Saddam -- and we will work for the day when Iraq has a government worthy of its people .
Now , last month , in our action over Iraq , our troops were superb .
Their mission was so flawlessly executed that we risk taking for granted the bravery and the skill it required .
Captain Jeff Taliaferro , a 10 - year veteran of the Air Force , flew a B - 1B bomber over Iraq as we attacked Saddam 's war machine .
He 's here with us tonight .
I 'd like to ask you to honor him and all the 33,000 men and women of Operation Desert Fox .
Captain Taliaferro .
It is time to reverse the decline in defense spending that began in 1985 .
Since April , together we have added nearly $ 6 billion to maintain our military readiness .
My balanced budget calls for a sustained increase over the next six years for readiness , for modernization , and for pay and benefits for our troops and their families .
We are the heirs of a legacy of bravery represented in every community in America by millions of our veterans .
America 's defenders today still stand ready at a moment 's notice to go where comforts are few and dangers are many , to do what needs to be done as no one else can .
They always come through for America .
We must come through for them .
The new century demands new partnerships for peace and security .
The United Nations plays a crucial role , with allies sharing burdens America might otherwise bear alone .
America needs a strong and effective U.N. I want to work with this new Congress to pay our dues and our debts .
We must continue to support security and stability in Europe and Asia -- expanding NATO and defining its new missions ; maintaining our alliance with Japan , with Korea , without our other Asian allies ; and engaging China .
In China , last year , I said to the leaders and the people what I 'd like to say again tonight : Stability can no longer be bought at the expense of liberty .
But I 'd also like to say again to the American people :
It 's important not to isolate China .
The more we bring China into the world , the more the world will bring change and freedom to China .
Last spring , with some of you , I traveled to Africa , where I saw democracy and reform rising , but still held back by violence and disease .
We must fortify African democracy and peace by launching Radio Democracy for Africa , supporting the transition to democracy now beginning to take place in Nigeria , and passing the African Trade and Development Act .
We must continue to deepen our ties to the Americas and the Caribbean ; our common work to educate children , fight drugs , strengthen democracy and increase trade .
In this hemisphere , every government but one is freely chosen by its people .
We are determined that Cuba , too , will know the blessings of liberty .
The American people have opened their hearts and their arms to our Central American and Caribbean neighbors who have been so devastated by the recent hurricanes .
Working with Congress , I am committed to help them rebuild .
When the First Lady and Tipper Gore visited the region , they saw thousands of our troops and thousands of American volunteers .
In the Dominican Republic , Hillary helped to rededicate a hospital that had been rebuilt by Dominicans and Americans , working side - by - side .
With her was someone else who has been very important to the relief efforts .
You know , sports records are made and , sooner or later , they 're broken .
But making other people 's lives better , and showing our children the true meaning of brotherhood -- that lasts forever .
So , for far more than baseball , Sammy Sosa , you 're a hero in two countries tonight .
Thank you .
So I say to all of you , if we do these things -- if we pursue peace , fight terrorism , increase our strength , renew our alliances -- we will begin to meet our generation 's historic responsibility to build a stronger 21st century America in a freer , more peaceful world .
As the world has changed , so have our own communities .
We must make them safer , more livable and more united .
This year , we will reach our goal of 100,000 community police officers -- ahead of schedule and under budget .
The Brady Bill has stopped a quarter million felons , fugitives and stalkers from buying handguns .
And , now , the murder rate is the lowest in 30 years and the crime rate has dropped for six straight years .
Tonight , I propose a 21st century crime bill to deploy the latest technologies and tactics to make our communities even safer .
Our balanced budget will help put up to 50,000 more police on the street , in the areas hardest hit by crime -- and then to equip them with new tools , from crime - mapping computers to digital mug shots .
We must break the deadly cycle of drugs and crime .
Our budget expands support for drug testing and treatment , saying to prisoners :
If you stay on drugs , you have to stay behind bars .
And to those on parole :
If you want to keep your freedom , you must stay free of drugs .
I ask Congress to restore the five - day waiting period for buying a handgun -- and extend the Brady Bill to prevent juveniles who commit violent crimes from buying a gun .
We must do more to keep our schools the safest places in our communities .
Last year , every American was horrified and heartbroken by the tragic killings in Jonesboro , Paducah , Pearl , Edinboro , Springfield .
We were deeply moved by the courageous parents now working to keep guns out of the hands of children and to make other efforts so that other parents do n't have to live through their loss .
After she lost her daughter , Suzann Wilson of Jonesboro , Arkansas , came here to the White House with a powerful plea .
She said , " Please , please , for the sake of your children , lock up your gun .
Do n't let what happened in Jonesboro happen in your town . "
It 's a message she is passionately advocating every day .
Suzann is here with us tonight , with the First Lady .
I 'd like to thank her for her courage and her commitment .
Thank you .
In memory of all the children who lost their lives to school violence , I ask you to strengthen the Safe and Drug - Free School Act , to pass legislation to require child trigger locks , to do everything possible to keep our children safe .
A century ago , President Theodore Roosevelt defined our " great , central task " as " leaving this land even a better land for our descendants than it is for us . "
Today , we 're restoring the Florida Everglades , saving Yellowstone , preserving the red rock canyons of Utah , protecting California 's redwoods and our precious coasts .
But our most fateful new challenge is the threat of global warming .
1998 was the warmest year ever recorded .
Last year 's heat waves , floods and storms are but a hint of what future generations may endure if we do not act now .
Tonight I propose a new clean air fund to help communities reduce greenhouse and other pollution , and tax incentives and investments to spur clean energy technology .
And I want to work with members of Congress in both parties to reward companies that take early , voluntary action to reduce greenhouse gases .
All our communities face a preservation challenge , as they grow and green space shrinks .
Seven thousand acres of farmland and open space are lost every day .
In response , I propose two major initiatives : First , a $ 1 - billion Livability Agenda to help communities save open space , ease traffic congestion , and grow in ways that enhance every citizen 's quality of life .
And second , a $ 1 - billion Lands Legacy Initiative to preserve places of natural beauty all across America -- from the most remote wilderness to the nearest city park .
These are truly landmark initiatives , which could not have been developed without the visionary leadership of the Vice President , and I want to thank him very much for his commitment here .
Now , to get the most out of your community , you have to give something back .
That 's why we created AmeriCorps -- our national service program that gives today 's generation a chance to serve their communities and earn money for college .
So far , in just four years , 100,000 young Americans have built low - income homes with Habitat for Humanity , helped to tutor children with churches , worked with FEMA to ease the burden of natural disasters , and performed countless other acts of service that have made America better .
I ask Congress to give more young Americans the chance to follow their lead and serve America in AmeriCorps .
Now , we must work to renew our national community as well for the 21st century .
Last year the House passed the bipartisan campaign finance reform legislation sponsored by Representatives Shays and Meehan and Senators McCain and Feingold .
But a partisan minority in the Senate blocked reform .
So I 'd like to say to the House : Pass it again , quickly .
And I 'd like to say to the Senate : I hope you will say yes to a stronger American democracy in the year 2000 .
Since 1997 , our Initiative on Race has sought to bridge the divides between and among our people .
In its report last fall , the Initiative 's Advisory Board found that Americans really do want to bring our people together across racial lines .
We know it 's been a long journey .
For some , it goes back to before the beginning of our Republic ; for others , back since the Civil War ; for others , throughout the 20th century .
But for most of us alive today , in a very real sense , this journey began 43 years ago , when a woman named Rosa Parks sat down on a bus in Alabama , and would n't get up .
She 's sitting down with the First Lady tonight , and she may get up or not , as she chooses .
We thank her .
Thank you , Rosa .
We know that our continuing racial problems are aggravated , as the Presidential Initiative said , by opportunity gaps .
The initiative I 've outlined tonight will help to close them .
But we know that the discrimination gap has not been fully closed either .
Discrimination or violence because of race or religion , ancestry or gender , disability or sexual orientation , is wrong , and it ought to be illegal .
Therefore , I ask Congress to make the Employment Non-Discrimination Act and the Hate Crimes Prevention
Act the law of the land .
Now , since every person in America counts , every American ought to be counted .
We need a census that uses modern scientific methods to do that .
Our new immigrants must be part of our One America .
After all , they 're revitalizing our cities , they 're energizing our culture , they 're building up our economy .
We have a responsibility to make them welcome here ; and they have a responsibility to enter the mainstream of American life .
That means learning English and learning about our democratic system of government .
There are now long waiting lines of immigrants that are trying to do just that .
Therefore , our budget significantly expands our efforts to help them meet their responsibility .
I hope you will support it .
Whether our ancestors came here on the Mayflower , on slave ships , whether they came to Ellis Island or LAX in Los Angeles , whether they came yesterday or walked this land a thousand years ago -- our great challenge for the 21st century is to find a way to be One America .
We can meet all the other challenges if we can go forward as One America .
You know , barely more than 300 days from now , we will cross that bridge into the new millennium .
This is a moment , as the First Lady has said , " to honor the past and imagine the future . "
I 'd like to take just a minute to honor her .
For leading our Millennium Project , for all she 's done for our children , for all she has done in her historic role to serve our nation and our best ideals at home and abroad , I honor her .
Last year , I called on Congress and every citizen to mark the millennium by saving America 's treasures .
Hillary has traveled all across the country to inspire recognition and support for saving places like Thomas Edison 's Invention Factory or Harriet Tubman 's home .
Now we have to preserve our treasures in every community .
And tonight , before I close , I want to invite every town , every city , every community to become nationally recognized " millennium community , " by launching projects that save our history , promote our arts and humanities , prepare our children for the 21st century .
Already , the response has been remarkable .
And I want to say a special word of thanks to our private sector partners and to members in Congress of both parties for their support .
Just one example : Because of you , the Star - Spangled Banner will be preserved for the ages .
In ways large and small , as we look to the millennium we are keeping alive what George Washington called " the sacred fire of liberty . "
Six years ago , I came to office in a time of doubt for America , with our economy troubled , our deficit high , our people divided .
Some even wondered whether our best days were behind us .
But across this country , in a thousand neighborhoods , I have seen -- even amidst the pain and uncertainty of recession -- the real heart and character of America .
I knew then that we Americans could renew this country .
Tonight , as I deliver the last State of the Union address of the 20th century , no one anywhere in the world can doubt the enduring resolve and boundless capacity of the American people to work toward that " more perfect union " of our founders ' dream .
We 're now at the end of a century when generation after generation of Americans answered the call to greatness , overcoming Depression , lifting up the dispossessed , bringing down barriers to racial prejudice , building the largest middle class in history , winning two world wars and the " long twilight struggle " of the Cold War .
We must all be profoundly grateful for the magnificent achievement of our forbearers in this century .
Yet , perhaps , in the daily press of events , in the clash of controversy , we do n't see our own time for what it truly is -- a new dawn for America .
A hundred years from tonight , another American President will stand in this place and report on the State of the Union .
He -- or she -- he or she will look back on a 21st century shaped in so many ways by the decisions we make here and now .
So let it be said of us then that we were thinking not only of our time , but of their time ; that we reached as high as our ideals ; that we put aside our divisions and found a new hour of healing and hopefulness ; that we joined together to serve and strengthen the land we love .
My fellow Americans , this is our moment .
Let us lift our eyes as one nation , and from the mountaintop of this American Century , look ahead to the next one -- asking God 's blessing on our endeavors and on our beloved country .
Thank you and good evening .
END 10:27 P.M. EST
Beautiful and creative food art creations from all over the world .
Wall - E Bento
Nike Air Max 90 Burger
Apple Pie
Rayman Raving Rabbids Bento
Sideshow Bob Food Carving
Mac Mini Cake
Ninja Turtles Cupcake
i Phone Cake
i Phone App Cupcakes
Moving Cupcakes
Laptop Cake
Snoopy Snack Bento
Tire Cake
Jaws Bento
Apple on Apple
Also check out : 3D Coffee Art , Banana Carvings , and Sushi Art
Steve Jobs ' absence from the public eye is prompting questions about the Apple CEO 's status , management effectiveness and health .
So far , the company has done little to provide substantive answers to those questions .
The mystery behind the lack of a Stevenote is leading some to speculate that Apple is getting ready to dethrone him , that Jobs has lost some of his typically ironclad control or that his health is failing .
" The company can be a little more open about what 's happening with Steve
Jobs , " said Vijay Rakesh , a ThinkPanmure analyst .
" It 'd help everybody put some uncertainty to rest . "
Whether he is sick or not , analysts and investors are justified in wanting to know the state of Jobs ' health and position at Apple .
His management style has been responsible for turning Apple from an also - ran into one of the electronics industry 's true success stories .
Perhaps recognizing his value , worried investors knocked 7 percent off the company 's share price the day after the company announced he would not make his traditional January appearance at Macworld Expo .
And business site Breaking Views estimates Jobs himself accounts for about $ 20 billion of Apple 's current market capitalization .
" That makes Jobs ' absence from an upcoming trade show where he 's historically the keynote speaker worrisome , especially amid speculation surrounding his gaunt appearance in the summer , " writes Breaking Views '
Jeff Segal .
Several
Apple employees contacted by Wired.com have reported that they have n't seen Jobs since the company announced the CEO would not appear for a Macworld keynote .
Jobs generally is n't very visible in public , but the employees said they have n't seen him on campus recently , either .
Apple on Tuesday said Jobs would not deliver his traditional keynote at Macworld Expo 2009 , reigniting discussion about Jobs ' health and his status as CEO .
Apple also said
2009 would be the corporation 's final appearance at the Macworld trade show – and said that 's why it 's not worth Jobs ' time to show up .
" Phil is giving the keynote because this will be Apple 's last year at the show , and it does n't make sense for us to make a major investment in a trade show we 'll no longer be attending , " Apple spokesman Steve Dowling told Time .
But
Dowling 's explanation is insufficient .
There 's no reason that Jobs , who has delivered Macworld keynotes for the past
11 years , would be a " major investment . "
It 's not as though Apple pays
Jobs to announce new MacBooks or iPods : He is Apple 's face .
And why would it be less of an investment for Philip
Schiller , senior vice president of marketing , to deliver the Macworld keynote instead of Jobs ?
Apple 's typical vagueness is leading some analysts to believe Jobs will soon leave Apple because his health issues are returning .
Rakesh said he believes Apple is n't preparing to simply give Jobs the boot .
He said it 's more likely that Apple has developed a new executive team , which will gradually transition Jobs out of his role as CEO .
" It wo n't be Jobs staying at home , and starting next day the new guy comes , " Rakesh said .
" It 'll be a transitional overlap – over the next six months – until the next team takes over . "
Similarly ,
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster on Wednesday distributed a note saying his firm believes Apple is getting ready to shift management roles .
" Yielding this year 's Macworld keynote to Phil Schiller , along with the participation of Tim Cook and Phil Schiller at the October event is , in our view , a clear message that a leadership shift is underway , " Munster said .
See Also :
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
General Motors , teetering on the brink of insolvency , has taken the extraordinary step of calling on employees and dealers to personally urge lawmakers to approve another loan package that might keep the beleaguered automaker from going under .
In an e-mail obtained by Wired.com , Troy Clarke , president of GM North America , urged 29,000 employees to contact their representatives and senators and tell them to support the automaker and the domestic auto industry , saying 3 million jobs are at stake .
" Your elected officials must hear from all of us now on why this support is critical to our continuing the progress we began prior to the global financial crisis , " he wrote .
Mark LaNeve , the automakers head of U.S. sales , made a similar plea in a letter sent to dealers nationwide , according to Reuters , which obtained a copy of the letter .
Reuters also reported that GM repeated the plea during a company - wide broadcast Wednesday .
Although all of the Big Three have been hit hard by the economic meltdown — auto sales hit their lowest point in 25 years last month — GM has been beaten bloody .
The General ’s sales tumbled 45 percent in October , it lost $ 2.5 billion in the third quarter , its stock hit a 65 - year low today and the company is burning through cash so fast it could run out of money early next year .
Things are so bad in Detroit that the Center for Automotive Research says ( .pdf ) one or two of the Big Three could go down for good , taking millions of jobs and tens of billions of dollars out of the economy , and some analysts say a federal bailout is the only thing that will save GM .
Congress has already approved $ 25 billion in loans for the auto industry .
GM says it is n’t enough and told employees to beg for more .
" This level of economic devastation far exceeds the $ 25 billion of government support that our industry needs to bridge this current period , " Clarke wrote in the e-mail .
" Today , I want you to take the time to contact your members of
Congress to ask them to support America ’s domestic auto industry . ”
It would be difficult to overstate the urgency of the crisis .
GM ’s shares sank to $ 2.92 one day after the company revealed in a federal filing that its " ability to continue as a going concern " is in doubt because it may run out of money .
The company ’s reserves have been dwindling at a rate of $ 2 billion a month this fall ; at that rate , its cash could fall below the $ 10 billion it needs to keep running as early as January , according to The New York Times .
LaNeve said in the e-mail to dealers that GM needs Congress to move quickly in appropriating the $ 25 billion it has already approved for the industry and needs another $ 25 billion in loans " to weather the storm . "
Chief executives with the Big Three met last week with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to discuss a comprehensive aid package worth $ 50 billion .
Lawmakers have increasingly shown a willingness to support the struggling auto industry , and Rep. Barney Frank , D - Massachusetts , said today that his committee will hold a hearing next week to consider approving another $ 25 billion for automakers .
UPDATE , 4:05 P.M. PST — GM spokesman Tom Wilkinson tells Wired.com that Clarke ’s e-mail went out to roughly 29,000 salaried employees ( not the " hundreds of thousands " earlier reported ) .
Clarke sent the e-mail because " many do n’t realize how far along GM and Ford were in restructuring before the global economic crisis " and they " do n’t understand the importance " of federal assistance in protecting U.S. jobs .
GM believes " politicians will be sensitive " to employees ’ calls for Congress to support GM and the auto industry .
Photo of GM ’s global HQ and Troy Clarke , head of GM North America , by General Motors .
UPDATE , 7:00 A.M. PST Nov. 13 : Jalopnik has a copy of the letter LaNeve sent to GM ’s dealers .
The text of Clarke ’s e-mail obtained by Wired.com :
Dear Employee ,
Next week , Congress and the current Administration will determine whether to provide immediate support to the domestic auto industry to help it through one of the most difficult economic times in our nation ’s history .
Your elected officials must hear from all of us now on why this support is critical to our continuing the progress we began prior to the global financial crisis .
As you know , we have taken the tough , necessary actions over the last few years to strengthen our competitive position .
With our UAW partners we have reshaped our business and will have reduced our structural costs by more than $ 13 billion by 2010 and have closed the quality and efficiency gaps with our competitors .
We also are building products that have received great customer acceptance and acclaim , as we have seen with the Chevy Malibu , Cadillac CTS and our family of crossovers .
And , there ’s more to come with the Chevy Volt which will position GM as a global technology leader as well as more hybrids and fuel efficient passenger cars like the Chevy Cruze .
The consequences , however , of a portion of the domestic auto industry collapsing extend far beyond GM ’s ability to continue its transformation .
One in 10 American jobs depend on our industry , as well as the health of communities , dealers and suppliers in all 50 states .
As you know , nearly 3 million employees , retirees , and their families also depend on us for their pensions and health care .
Because of our economic contribution , the cost of allowing this industry to fail would be catastrophic : 3 million jobs lost within the first year ; U.S. personal income reduced by $ 150.7 billion ; a government tax loss over three years of more than $ 156 billion .
This level of economic devastation far exceeds the $ 25 billion of government support that our industry needs to bridge this current period .
Today , I want you to take the time to contact your members of Congress to ask them to support America ’s domestic auto industry .
Please call the following number to be connected with your legislators 1-866-927-2233 .
Directions and key messages are in the attached document to assist you with the calls .
Also attached is a fact sheet that includes the economic figures cited above .
Additionally , you can visit www.gmfactsandfiction.com < http://www.gmfactsandfiction.com> to obtain further information on the auto industry and GM .
Support for the domestic auto industry will contribute to a stronger economy , save millions of jobs , and establish U.S. manufacturing and technology leadership in the global marketplace .
As an employee , you have a lot at stake and continue to be one of our most effective and passionate voices .
I know GM can count on you to have your voice heard .
Thank you for your urgent action and ongoing support .
Troy Clarke
President
GM North America
If he pushes GM or Chrysler into bankruptcy he ’ll go down in history as not only the worst president in US history but also the dumbest .
George Santayana is rolling over in his grave .
Now free of any countersuits , Apple has grown its lawsuit against Mac clone maker Psystar to accuse it of further violations and to claim that others have contributed to its breaking copyright law .
The amended suit , unearthed by Groklaw , primarily expands Apple 's original complaint to assert that Psystar has violated the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act by engineering its OpenComputer lineup to use Mac OS X despite measures intended to prevent the operating system from running on anything but Apple 's own hardware .
it also charges the Florida - based clone builder with pushing buyers to commit copyright infringement , including violating the DMCA by circumventing Apple 's restrictions in day to day use , and of violating Apple 's trademark on the term SuperDrive used to describe the DVD burners in Macs .
But the most eyebrow - raising element remains the 18th paragraph , which explicitly states that Apple believes ten unknown people or companies — each nicknamed " John Doe " — have contributed on some level to the numerous violations named in the amended suit .
" On information and belief , persons other than Psystar are involved in Psystarâs unlawful and improper activities described in this Amended Complaint , " the new section reads .
" The true names or capacities , whether individual , corporate , or otherwise , of these persons are unknown to Apple .
Apple will seek leave to amend this complaint to show the unknown John Doe Defendantsâ true names and capacities when they are ascertained . "
The statement is seen as uncharacteristic for Apple , which is throwing the full weight of both its legal team and its fact - finding resources behind a case against a comparatively small target .
Erwan Hamon of Groklaw suggests not only that Apple may have reason to believe in a wider conspiracy but that Psystar 's defiant posture may stem from the support of others behind the scenes .
今回 はEmacsのマイナーモードを作成する手順を紹介します。
説明では弊社が提供しているプロダクトのひとつ
RSS Suite で利用している独自フレームワーク中で、対応するファイル間を移動できるようにするマイナーモードを作成していきます。
メジャーモードとマイナーモード
Emacsにはカスタマイズする定義の集まりであるモードというものがあり、メジャーモードとマイナーモードの2種類があります。
メジャーモー ド
特定のテキスト編集向けに特化している。各バッファには、ある時点で1つのメジャーモードしかない。
マイナーモー ド
メジャーモードの選択とは独立にオン/オフできる機能を提供する。
ここではマイナーモードを作成します。
バッファとウィンド ウ
Emacs内でファイル間を移動するには、ウィンドウとバッファの操作が必要になります。
バッファ
編集領域 。Emacsの編集操作はすべてバッファを対象に行われます。
ウィンド ウ
バッファの表示領域のこと。
Easy - Mmode
単純なマイナーモードであればEasy-Mmodeパッケージを利用すると便利です。 以下のように書くと、test-modeというマイナーモードを定義できます。
; ; マイナーモードの定義 ( easy - mmode - define - minor - mode test - mode ;; モード名は、 - mode ;; ドキュメン ト " This is Test Mode . " ;; 初期値 nil ;; on の時のモード行への表示 " TestMode " ;; マイナーモード用キーマップの初期値 '( ( " C- cf " . test- function ) )
「 M-x test - mode 」 でモードのオン/オフを切り替えることができ、test-modeがオンの時はキーバインド「C-c f」で関数test-functionを呼び出すことができるようになります。 この設定の場合、test-modeがオンのときは" TestMode " がモード行に表示されます。
実際にマイナーモードを作ってみる
では、実際にマイナーモードを作成していきます。 ここでは RSS Suiteの管理画面で利用するファイル間を移動できるようにすることを目標とします。
RSS Suiteの管理画面で必要となるファイルの構成は以下です。
lib/FormProcess/FormProcessXxxYyyZzz.php(フォーム処理)
lib / PageContents/PageContentsXxxYyyZzz.php(コンテンツ表示)
lib/qfd/xxx.yyy.zzz.qfd(フォームの定義)
template/rss_admin/xxx.yyy.zzz.html(htmlテンプレート )
命名規則からファイル名をうまく変換して、現在開いているファイルから対応するファイルへと移動できるようにします。
まず 、Easy - Mmodeを利用して、RSS Suiteモードを定義します。
( easy - mmode - define - minor - mode rsssuite - mode ;; ドキュメン ト " This is RSS Suite Mode . " ;; 初期値 nil ; ; モード行への表示 " RSSSuite " ;; マイナーモード用キーマップの初期値 '( ( " C- cf " . suite - open - formprocess ) ( " C- cp " . suite - open - pagecontents ) ( " C- cq " . suite - open - qfd ) ( " C - ct " . suite - open - template ) ) )
ここではそれぞれ4つの対応ファイルを開くためのキーマップを定義しています。
次に、切り替えるファイルへのパスをそれぞれ定義しておきます。
( defvar suite - qfd - path " lib/ qfd / " ) ( defvar suite - formprocess - path " lib/FormProcess / " ) ( defvar suite - pagecontents - path " lib/ PageContents / " ) ( defvar suite - template - path " template/rss_admin / " ) ( defvar suite - lib - path " lib / " )
関数defvarで変数に値を定義しています。 次に関連ファイルを開いた時にrsssuite-modeをオンにするためhookを定義します。
この設定は必須ではありませんが、rss_suiteディレクトリ以下のファイルを開いた時に自動でrsssuite-modeがオンになる方がラクなのでそのようにします。
; ; ファイルを開いた時のhook ( add - hook ' find - file - hooks ( function ( lambda ( ) ( suite - on - rsssuite - mode ) ) ) )
find - file - hooks はファイルを訪問後に呼び出されます。
ここで実行しているsuite-on-rsssuite-mode関数は以下のように定義してあります。
;; RSS Suiteのディレクトリ配下であればrsssuite - modeにする ( defun suite - on - rsssuite - mode ( ) ( if ( string - match " rss_suite [ ^ / ] */ " default - directory ) ( unless rsssuite - mode ( rsssuite - mode ) ) ) )
変数rsssuite - modeはモードがオンになっていてばt , オフであればnilとなります。 関数rsssuite-modeはオン・オフを切り替える関数で、ここではオフの時のみオンにする処理にしています。
次に、マイナーモードのキーマップで定義した関数suite-open-formprocessを見ていきます。
;; 対応す るFormProcessファイルを開く ( defun suite - open - formprocess ( ) ( interactive ) ( setq suite - formprocess - file - path ( concat ( suite - get - top - dir ) suite - formprocess - path " FormProcess " ( suite - get - capitalized - name ) " .php " ) ) ( set - window - buffer ( selected - window ) ( find - file - noselect suite - formprocess - file - path ) ) ( suite - on - rsssuite - mode ) )
defunで関数を定義しています。interactiveが含まれていると、
「 M-x 関数名」で実行できるコマンドになります。 変数suite-formprocess-file-pathに、対応するFormProcessファイルの絶対パスを格納しています。 関数set-window-bufferは指定したウィンドウにバッファの内容を表示させます。ここでは選択されているウィンドウ(selected-windnow)に、確保したファイルsuite-formprocess-file-pathに対応するバッファを表示させています。
suite - formprocess-file - pathを求める部分では、関数concatで以下の文字列を連結しています。
( suite - get - top - dir )
suite - formprocess - path
" FormProcess "
( suite - get- capitalized - name )
" .ph p "
関数suite - get- top- dirの定義は以下です。
;; RSS Suiteのトップディレクトリの絶対パスを取得 ( defun suite - get - top - dir ( ) ( string - match " rss_suite [ ^ / ] */ " default - directory ) ( substring default - directory 0 ( match - end 0 ) ) )
match-endには、string -matchの結果である終端のポイント位置が入ります。
関数suite - get- capitalized-nameの定義は以下です。
; ; キャメルケースのファイル名を取得 ( defun suite - get - capitalized - name ( ) ( cond ( ( suite- formprocessp ) ( string - match " FormProcess ( .+) . php " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - get - main - name ) ) ( ( suite-pagecontentsp ) ( string - match " PageContents ( .+) . php " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - get - main - name ) ) ( ( suite - qfdp ) ( string - match " (.+) .qfd " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - dot - to - capitalize - string ( suite - get- main - name ) ) ) ( ( suite - templatep ) ( string - match " (.+) .html " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - dot - to - capitalize - string ( suite - get- main - name ) ) ) ( t nil ) ) )
現在開いているファイルがqfdファイル(xxx.yyy.zzz.qfd)やtemplateファイル(xxx.yyy.zzz.html)の場合、キャメルケースに変換して(XxxYyyZzz)返します。
変換しているのは、関数suite - dot- to- capitalize - stringの部分です。
;; ファイル名からメインとなる部分の名前を切り出す ( defun suite - get - main - name ( ) ( substring ( suite - get - file - name ) ( match - beginning 1 ) ( match-end 1 ) ) )
match - beginningやmatch- endには直前に評価しているstring-matchの結果が入ります。
; ; ドットで連結されたファイル名をリストに変換 ; ; foo.bar.baz => ( foo bar baz ) ( defun suite - dot - to - capitalize - string ( str ) ( suite - concat - capitalize - string - list ( split - string str " . " ) ) )
split- stringはドットで区切ってリストにしています。
; ; 文字列のリストをキャピタライズして連結する ; ; ( foo bar baz ) ->
FooBarBaz ( defun suite - concat - capitalize - string - list ( list ) ( cond ( (= ( length list ) 1 ) ( capitalize ( car list ) ) ) ( t ( concat ( capitalize ( car list ) ) ( suite - concat - capitalize - string - list ( cdr list ) ) ) ) ) )
listの長さが1であれば、carでlistの先頭要素をキャピタライズして返します。
listの要素が2つ以上の場合は先頭要素をキャピタライズした文字列と、cdrで先頭要素を取り除いたlistを自身の関数suite-concat-capitalize-string-listに渡した結果の文字列と連結します。
逆に、ドットで区切られた名前から、キャピタライズした名前を取得する処理は以下です。
; ; ドットで連結されたファイル名を取得 ( defun suite - get - concatenated - name ( ) ( cond ( ( suite- formprocessp ) ( string - match " FormProcess ( .+) . php " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - split - capitalize - string ( suite - get- main - name ) ) ) ( ( suite-pagecontentsp ) ( string - match " PageContents ( .+) . php " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - split - capitalize - string ( suite - get - main - name ) ) ) ( ( suite - qfdp ) ( string - match " (.+) .qfd " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - get - main - name ) ) ( ( suite - templatep ) ( string - match " (.+) .html " ( suite - get - file - name ) ) ( suite - get - main - name ) ) ( t nil ) ) ) ;;
キャメルケースの文字をドット区切りに分解 ;; FooBarBaz -> foo.bar.baz ( defun suite - split - capitalize - string ( str ) ( setq case - fold - search nil ) ( string - match " ^[ A - Z ] [ a - z ] + " str ) ( cond ( (= ( match - end 0 ) ( length str ) ) ( downcase str ) ) ( t ( concat ( concat ( downcase ( substring str ( match - beginning 0 ) ( match - end 0 ) ) ) " . " )
( suite - split - capitalize - string ( substring str ( match - end 0 ) ( length str ) ) ) ) ) ) )
関数suite- split-capitalize - stringでは、受け取った文字列を先頭が大文字でそれ以降小文字が続く正規表現でマッチさせます。 もしstring-matchの結果の終端ポイント位置とstrの長さが同じであれば、downcaseして返します。 長さが異る場合は、downcaseした最初の単語に'.'を連結したものと、マッチ以降の文字を自身の関数suite-split-capitalize-stringに渡して返される文字列を連結します。
以上で対応したファイル間を移動できるマイナーモードができました。
最後にソース全体を載せておきます。
" It 's not enough to survive .
One has to be worthy of surviving . "
— Adm . Bill Adama , Battlestar Galactica
Battlestar Galactica presents a problem for me and my Star Trek - fan friends .
Why do we love it so much ?
We call each other up after each new episode and ramble in nervous high - pitched voices , batting back and forth theories and questions and " OH MY GOD "  moments " ¦ all the while feeling vaguely guilty that no Star Trek clash with the Borg or tampering with the time - space continuum ever engaged and obsessed and haunted us to such a profound extent .
Star Trek and Battlestar Galactica have wildly different aesthetics and ideologies , and both aspire to very different goals .
Fundamentally , it boils down to this :
Star Trek is about who we want to be , and Battlestar Galactica is about who we are .
Star
Trek takes place in a world where all the ugly things about human existence have been erased .
Interstellar globalization has brought us new technologies to make transportation and translation effortless .
Machines called replicators can produce absolutely anything you want , so the economics of inequity are gone .
The injuries of race and class and gender have been surmounted , if not forgotten altogether .
Scarcity , borders , money , and culture have all ceased to exist .
Interpersonal tensions are relics of a more savage age .
No destructive love affairs , no chafing under authority , minimal arrogance to put your fellow crew members at risk .
There 's something nice about visiting a world like that — just like it 's nice to pretend that institutional racism and violence against women and poverty are getting better instead of worse .
Much of mainstream fiction is built on this kind of wish - fulfillment .
That 's why the world of Battlestar Galactica feels so fresh , and so challenging .
People still drink too much , and beat their spouses , and work too hard , and hate their bosses , and distrust the government , and fear death .
The crew of the Galactica is not boldly exploring the universe for exploring 's sake , learning about fascinating new cultures and inviting alien species to join the benevolent Federation of Planets .
It 's running away from a race of genocidal robots bent on their complete annihilation , while trying to maintain some shred of humanity and civilization .
Star Trek revels in its geekiness .
Physicist in - jokes and gleefully incomprehensible technobabble are found in every episode .
People say things like " The secondary gyrodyne relays in the propulsion field matrix have just depolarized . " 
As a nerd , I find this fun .
It 's part of Star Trek 's fantasy appeal .
It 's part of the idea that science and reason and the intellect will prevail .
But we 've been telling ourselves that lie for a long time now .
In a very concrete sense , Battlestar Galactica descends from the sci - fi community 's realization that darker and more complex times demand darker and more complex science fiction .
Ronald Moore , the developer / writer / executive producer of the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica , has a Star Trek pedigree that makes him the idol of Trekkies everywhere .
He scripted 27 episodes of Star Trek : The Next Generation , and was promoted to co-producer and later to producer .
On Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , he was a supervising producer and a co-executive producer , writing several of the series ' most controversial episodes .
He co-wrote the scripts for the films Star Trek Generations and Star Trek : First Contact .
And while he was hired as a producer of Star Trek : Voyager , he left after only two episodes .
In a January 2000 interview with Cinescape magazine , he outlined some of the frustrations with that show :
" I think the audience intuitively knows when something is true and something is not true .
Voyager is not true .
If it were true , the ship would not look spic - and - span every week , after all these battles it goes through .
How many times has the bridge been destroyed ?
How many shuttlecrafts have vanished , and another one just comes out of the oven ?
That kind of BSing the audience I think takes its toll .
At some point the audience stops taking it seriously , because they know that this is not really the way this would happen .
These people would n't act like this . " 
Galactica is sci- fi without that BS .
Sci - fi with all the anger and stupidity and sadness that real people experience .
Sci - fi without the conviction that we will conquer our own ugliness .
Sci -fi for the age of 9/11 and natural disasters compounded by climate change to the point where they can completely destroy major cities .
Galactica 's message is that unless we come to terms with our own history , we are doomed .
Mankind created the Cylons to fight our wars and to do our grunt work for us .
Eventually they rose up and wiped out 99.999 % of us .
This basic lesson is one we still have n't learned : that exploitation leads to exploitation , that if you oppress someone you sow the seeds of your own oppression .
" You can't play God and then wash your hands of the things you 've created , "  says the Galactica 's commander , William Adama .
" Sooner or later , the day comes when you can't hide from the things that you 've done anymore . " 
* * * * *
The apocalypse obsesses us .
The idea of society 's total collapse has broad traction across the political spectrum .
Even Oprah 's worried — that 's why she picked Cormac McCarthy 's The Road for her book club .
No getting around it : we 're afraid .
We want to prepare ourselves mentally .
We buy batteries .
We lap up every new zombies - destroy - humanity movie .
All of a sudden , it 's disturbingly easy to imagine the human race reduced from billions of people to tens of thousands .
Battlestar Galactica's warning that technology and progress will bring us to the brink of total annihilation is far more resonant than Star Trek 's hope that technology and progress will solve all of our problems .
Star
Trek does n't pretend that human beings are perfect — prior to the discovery of the Warp Engine , Earth had been brought back to the edge of the Stone Age by the " Eugenics Wars " — but it does take for granted that human beings are good , and that history represents a fumbling messy sort of progress towards perfection .
What makes Battlestar Galactica so haunting is the existential question it poses to all of us : " Do we deserve to exist ? " 
In light of Auschwitz and Darfur and the Tuskegee Syphilis Study , Tibet and 9/11 and Abu Ghraib , can we honestly say we do n't deserve total destruction ?
That we 'll learn ?
That we 'll change ?
Early on , Galactica 's commander wonders : " When we fought the Cylons , we did it to save ourselves from extinction .
But we never answered the question : Why ?
Why are we as a people worth saving ? " 
And while Star Trek plotlines frequently boil down to a search for the best solution to a problem , the " best solution "  on Battlestar Galactica is likely to raise all sorts of thorny moral questions .
Is it acceptable to rig an election , because you know that your opponent 's policies will lead to disaster ?
Can we assassinate a rival officer whose actions put the fleet at risk ?
Where is the line between a mob and a society ?
I wish I could see the show as a clear sign that we 're ready to own up to the narratives of hate and violence and oppression that comprise our history , but that feels like a stretch .
At the very least , I think Battlestar Galactica has been an overwhelming critical and popular success because we 're ready to be challenged .
As we enter the final part of the final season , the survival of the human race clearly hinges on whether mankind will come to terms with what it has done .
And while it 's simplistic to reduce the Cylons to an allegory for racism , or our oil addiction , BSG offers us a rare opportunity to examine our own culpability , and our own power to change .
This article originally appeared last June .
Sam J. Miller is a writer and community organizer .
His work has appeared in numerous magazines , anthologies , and print and online journals .
He lives in the Bronx with his partner of six years .
Visit him at samjmiller.com .
Returning to the story that started it all , this retelling of the original “ Friday the 13th ” heads back to summer camp where a mysterious killer is systematically slaughtering the teenage camp counselors .
ShockTillYouDrop and New Line Cinema has unveiled 21 new photos for the upcoming ‘s 1980 classic horror movie remake , featuring new footage from the film .
The remake is directed by ( The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Pathfinder ) , based on a screenplay byand .
The film starsand .
“ Friday the 13th ” is currently set to open on Friday , February 13th , 2009 .
Ah , the East Village , that ever - trendy nightlife destination where visitors from Long Island and beyond flock to stab each other on the weekends .
Around 1 a.m. Saturday night at Sutra on First Avenue and First Street , 22 - year old Freeport resident Vivian Lee got into a heated argument with her 22 - year - old boyfriend , RPI graduate Joshua Clarke .
Witnesses tell the Daily News that when Lee caught Clarke flirting with another dame , she smashed a pint glass over his head and then stabbed him in the neck with the broken shards !
Acting quickly , a bouncer applied pressure to Clarke 's gushing wound while another employee subdued his jealous girlfriend .
Clarke was rushed to Bellevue and is expected to recover , while Lee was taken to jail .
But Clarke 's mother was later sighted at the Ninth Precinct , and told reporters her son was " not going to press charges .
She 's going to be my daughter - in - law . "
Retroviruses are the worst sort of guest .
Over eons , these molecular parasites have insinuated themselves into their hosts ’
DNA and caused a ruckus .
The poor hosts ca n’t even be rid of the intruders by killing them , because they stubbornly remain after death .
As much as eight percent of the human genome is littered with a “ fossil record ” of extinct retroviruses that we have inherited from our ancestors — human and otherwise — who were the original victims of the viruses .
That record allows scientists to study what may have killed these ancient viruses , providing clues for fighting those that plague us today , like HIV .
Now researchers from Rockefeller University have revived two groups of long - dead primate retroviruses to study whether defensive proteins that have rapidly evolved in humans and other primate species could kill them .
They found that one protein , called TRIM5α , was disappointingly useless .
But by scrutinizing the remnants of the extinct viruses found in the reference genomes of chimpanzees and rhesus monkeys , investigators discovered unmistakable signs that a different protein — APOBEC3 — was likely the exterminator .
The research was published in PLoS Pathogens .
“ It ’s a little like finding a fossilized skeleton with a spear through its head .
You can be fairly sure of how that individual died , ” says Paul Bieniasz , an associate professor and head of the Laboratory of Retrovirology and a scientist at the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center .
“ In this case , we can even do tests to show that the spear was n’t put there after the individual died .
The DNA evidence is clear on that point . ”
The investigators reanimated parts of retroviruses that had worked their way into the DNA of old - world primates within the past few million years .
They know the rough timeline because the viruses are not found in humans , who diverged from chimps about six million years ago .
The goal is to explain why these ancient viruses did not cross over into humans as HIV has and to identify what in humans has defended against them .
Working with pieces of the extinct retroviruses preserved in primate DNA , the researchers compelled a related modern retrovirus , found in mice , to produce the same proteins as its ancient relatives .
Bieniasz , postdoctoral fellow David Perez - Caballero and graduate fellow Steven Soll found that one defensive protein — TRIM5α — did not stop the hybrid viruses from infecting other cells , contrary to another lab ’s recent findings .
Analyzing many of the DNA “ fossils ” of the retroviruses , however , the researchers found unique mutations that would have caused the viruses to stop reproducing , mutations that are caused by APOBEC3 .
They showed that the mutations responsible for inactivating the retroviruses varied in both a virus - and species - dependent manner .
So far , the Bieniasz lab has established that APOBEC3 is involved in fighting the retroviruses but not that it singularly killed all of them , or that it is necessarily responsible for preventing the viruses from crossing into humans , who have APOBEC3 proteins of their own .
That ’s what the researchers would like to show next , but it does n’t come easy .
“ When you ’re dealing with something that happened millions of years ago , it ’s tough to demonstrate an extinction event in the laboratory , ” Soll says .
We keep hearing that the Mormons hate all the attention they ’ve been getting since Prop 8 .
But , the leaders of the Mormon church made themselves an issue and they are going to be getting all kinds of attention .
They decided to become a political operation to defeat Prop .
8 . And , they have n’t been upfront about all of their involvement .
American News Project has found evidence that the involvement of the Mormon church was far more extensive than the leaders of the church have suggested — or reported under California law :
Activists claim that money from the Mormon Church was the deciding factor in passing Proposition 8 in California – banning gay marriage .
The church claims to have only spent a few thousand dollars on the campaign , but ANP has uncovered evidence that may expose a gaping hole in that claim .
A very gaping hole on the record .
Watch the video :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWCum9yQhTg]
The Mormons have an obligation to be honest about what they did in Prop .
8 . Not because it ’s moral , but because it ’s the law .
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) --
A suspect in police custody calls himself a " stewmaker " for a Mexican drug lord , saying he disposed of about 300 bodies by dissolving them in acid .
Santiago Meza Lopez has asked for forgiveness from the families of those he says he targeted .
Santiago Meza Lopez was arrested Thursday in Ensenada , Baja California , but it took police 24 hours to identify him .
He says he works for drug lord Teodoro Garcia Simental , also known as " el Teo , " a powerful drug trafficker .
Meza , who is shown handcuffed and flanked by guards in video released by the government , calls himself " Teo 's stewmaker " and says he was paid $ 600 a week for his macabre duties .
The victims , he said , were men who owed Garcia something or had betrayed him .
A native of Guamuchil , Sinaloa , Meza was arrested along with three other people , including a minor female who said she was contracted for a social event .
Other people sought by police were in the area at the time but were able to escape , officials said .
Now , Meza is asking for forgiveness .
" To the families , please forgive me , " he said in the video .
Mexican police have not specifically said whether they believe that all elements of Meza 's story are credible .
He has told police where he buried some of the bodies .
Now authorities , along with citizens groups and the families of the disappeared , are searching for them .
They hope Meza could have information about the location of their friends and relatives .
Authorities say Garcia formed part of the Arellano Felix cartel but is currently said by intelligence sources to be operating with the Sinaloa cartel .
Officials say seven brothers and four sisters of the Arellano - Felix family inherited the Tijuana , Mexico - based drug cartel from Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo in 1989 , after his arrest for drug trafficking .
Today , the notorious cartel is split into two factions that have engaged in brutal fighting that has accounted for nearly all the violence in Tijuana , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
More than 400 people were killed last year in drug - related violence .
Eduardo Arellano - Felix , who police said was the last remaining brother to have an active role in the cartel , was arrested in October .
CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and CNN en Espanol 's Krupskaia Alis in Mexico City contributed to this report .
All About Mexico • Drug Trafficking
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority says it has no reason to doubt two Burmese men who say they drifted in a large fishing esky for nearly a month before they were found by a Coastwatch plane in the Torres Strait .
The men in their 20s say they were on a 12 - metre Thai fishing boat with 18 others when it sank in rough seas two days before Christmas .
The men say they last saw the others swimming in open seas without life jackets .
The Authority 's Tracey Jiggins says it is an incredible story .
" That is the story that we have been given by the two survivors .
Both of them have been very adamant about their story so we can only take their story on face value and follow through on the information they have provided to us , " she said .
" Other authorities ; Immigration , the Department of Foreign Affairs will now follow through on other aspects of this . "
Helicopter pilot Terry Gadenne helped rescue the pair , and says it was a textbook procedure .
" We winched him up and got to the other fellow soon thereafter and they were both desperate to get some water in , " he said .
" They were certainly thirsty .
They put down two litres of water really quickly each .
They had some boils or damage of some sort to their legs and that was given first aid and we flew straight to the hospital from there . "
The two men remain in hospital at Thursday Island in far - north Queensland .
Ms Jiggins says the men were spotted by a Coastwatch plane on Saturday floating in the commercial fishing esky .
She says it is unlikely there are other survivors .
" There were other people onboard the vessel at the time , they saw two groups of crew ; one of 11 , one of seven go down with the vessel and neither group had any flotation device with them , " she said .
" With the time that has gone by it would be unlikely that there would be any survivors from the vessel if they were in water with no floatation devices . "
She says there will not be a search for more survivors .
" We understand the vessel was boarded in Thailand and that the crew onboard were Thai and Burmese and we consequently notified all the relevant Australian authorities that will notify the government of those two countries , " she said .
The Immigration Department is trying to verify their identities and will speak to the men again .
Thursday Island tour operator Greg Edwards told ABC Radio's AM program seas in the area have been treacherous .
" Very strong north - westerly winds maybe gusting up to 50 knots and squalls moving through the place , " he said .
He says the men are lucky to have survived their ordeal .
Playing fast and loose seems to be the theme of the evening .
First we have the credulity - stretching China fourth quarter GDP release , and now we have the eleventh hour stealing of the silver by Merrill ’s top executives as one of the firm ’s final acts .
Let us remember the fact set : Merrill managed to get Bank of America to agree to buy it in September , elbowing aside Lehman .
The deal is subject to shareholder approval , however .
BofA , realizing it has acquired a garbage barge , threatens to scuttle the deal unless Uncle Sam lends a helping hand .
Negotiations proceed behind closed doors ( and neither Merrill nor BofA shareholders are told prior to the shareholder vote that BofA has agreed to do the deal subject to some form of government support ) .
Now we learn that after it was evident that the US taxpayer was going to subsidize the Merrill acquisition , the Merrill compensation committee accelerated bonus payments by a month to make sure they were paid out before the BofA deal closed .
Efforts are being made to minimize the amount involved ( it is claimed to be only $ 3 - $ 4 billion , but the fact is amounts were reserved in prior quarters that are excessive in light of full year performance .
So the fact that some of the amounts were allowed for in previous quarters is misleading ) .
Were Merrill bankrupt , the bonus payments could be deemed fraudulent conveyance and clawed back .
But we do n’t do either financial firm bankruptcies or clawbacks in this country .
From the Financial Times :
Hamas : ` Immediate withdrawal of Israel from Gaza ; lift the unjust siege ; open all border crossings --
With an open mind , we will deal with any initiatives based on these three requests '
In a speech from Damascus on January 11 , 2009 , Khalid Mish'al , head of the Hamas political bureau , spoke on Israel 's 15 - day assault on the Gaza Strip .
This edited text of the televised address appeared on the Socialist Unity website .
For earlier statements from Hamas , see http://links.org.au/node/842.
* * *
The Zionists wanted to impose a humiliating defeat on us because the only obstacle to confront them is resistance , especially in the Gaza Strip .
Perhaps the Zionists , because of the difference between the resistance in Lebanon and Gaza , thought that in comparison with Hezbollah , we were weak and they could regain the reputation of their army following its defeat in Lebanon .
They tried to use the territories of Gaza to show their military might .
So this is a battle of demonstrating military strength , a fight or war to impose a defeat on our people .
The Zionists thought that we were the weakest .
However , the Zionists were surprised by the resistance .
All our supporters in the Arab and Islamic world as well as the West should be sure that the resistance in Gaza is in its best situation .
The resistance was able to absorb the strikes of the enemy and then take the initiative and day by day , we are seeing new surprises by the Palestinian resistance .
Just less than two hours ago we struck the airbase of Balnakhim which is 50 kilometers away from the Gaza Strip .
The enemy had assigned aims for itself to achieve .
These aims are now lessening with the passing of time .
Israel wanted to destroy Gaza , wanted to end Hamas ’ control of Gaza as it said , the enemy wanted to destroy the resistance in Gaza , wanted to stop the rockets from Gaza .
But what are the Israelis left with today ?
They are now focusing and targeting north Gaza and are demolishing peoples ’ houses over their heads while trying to enter north Gaza and stop the rockets .
However , the heroic resistance has not allowed them to make progress .
In the south , they are trying to stop weapons reaching Hamas .
They are trying to impose new realities whereby with the new situation they can negotiate for what better suits them , for instance in the Security Council .
They are trying to send a message to the Israeli population that they are victorious ; that they have imposed new realities , in order to cover up their defeats in these 15 days .
But very frankly the enemy has achieved nothing .
Let us make calculations .
What has the enemy achieved ?
I can say with all confidence according to facts on the ground that from a military perspective the enemy has failed completely .
Have they stopped rockets being launched ?
Now they are talking about ways to stop the rockets .
They want to impose new facts on southern Gaza so they can guarantee their security as they allege .
But they have not attained any of their aims .
So what have they achieved ?
The enemy has succeeded in one thing .
In addition , to covering up for their loses , Israelis do not confess to their causalities and deaths among their soldiers .
They prevent the media from entering into Gaza .
Israel tries to cover up these losses by talking about friendly fire and road accidents .
But the truth will come out and the Zionists will discover how many people they have lost and the magnitude of their failure in Gaza .
They also try to trick the world and show that they have gone deep into Gaza by fabricated TV footage .
They depict by means of false pictures that they have entered deep into Gaza .
So what has the enemy succeeded in ?
The enemy has succeeded in committing murders .
Murders against the women and children of Gaza .
Israel has grouped people in houses and then destroyed the houses .
They kidnap people and then execute them in cold blood .
The enemy has succeeded in bringing about a new Holocaust on Gaza .
Let me now speak to Israelis and Zionists .
What have you achieved in this war that you supported ?
You supported your leaders in going ahead with this war , but what have you achieved besides killing innocent children , breaking skulls and creating an ocean of blood in Gaza ?
What have you achieved except a Holocaust that your leaders want to use to win the next elections in February ?
Palestinian blood is now a means for political achievements in your elections .
You complain about the Holocaust that was committed against you , but you today are now committing an even harsher Holocaust .
The Palestinians can now make a museum of your Holocaust in Gaza …
What prevented the US from allowing Resolution 1860 being passed a week or two weeks ago ?
They wanted to give Israel a chance to kill more Palestinians and claim victory over Gaza .
But when the resistance did not back down and Israel failed and when the magnitude of these massacres were uncovered and the USA and those who collaborated in this military campaign witnessed the dissent and intifada among the Muslim masses , which carries with it real danger , at that point they let the resolution pass .
But they took the teeth out of ( UN Security Council Resolution ) 1860 .
The resolution is a non-binding cease - fire with no date specified for the cease - fire .
The question now is about who should implement the resolution .
Those who started the military campaign in the first place , the Zionists , should implement it and immediately pull out of Gaza .
This is logic .
Concerning us , we want the immediate and complete withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza and the lifting of the unjust siege on Gaza that has led to the current situation .
Our other request is the opening of all border crossings including the Rafah border crossing .
We , with an open mind , will deal with any initiatives and decisions based on these three requests .
Therefore , we will not accept any negotiations for a truce in the light of and under the pressure of a military campaign and siege .
Let the military campaign stop , let the Israelis withdraw , and let the rights of our people be admitted to , let them recognize our rights to live without a siege and closed border crossings , just like other humans , then we are ready to discuss a truce , just like we did before .
We will not accept a permanent truce , because it will take the right of resistance from the Palestinian people .
The resistance is against occupation and military campaigns and therefore as long as occupation exists , resistance will too …
We will also not accept the interference of international forces because international forces will come only to protect Israel ’s security and any international force imposed will be considered as occupiers .
We will not accept any talks about strengthening the ``choke hold '' on the resistance concerning its weapons .
Some are speaking about the tunnels as if Gaza is a super power with advanced weapons , while we are people with very limited capabilities to defend our territories and ourselves .
No body has the right to take our legitimate right for defense and resistance .
The US , as if the whole of the Israeli arsenal does not exists , sends hundreds of tons of explosives and artillery shells to Israel .
In this context , we still sent our delegation to Cairo to talk about Egypt ’s proposal and other political plans .
The November 2005 Rafah crossing agreement , must be reconsidered because this agreement really promoted the blockade on Gaza and we proposed different means and methods .
I call on Mr. Mahmoud Abbas -- who called for national unity in the face of Israel ’s attacks -- to declare to the world that we must agree to a Palestinian partnership between the Palestinian Authority and Hamas in Gaza , so that we can reach a firm arrangement in Rafah .
This is appropriate choice for you .
Anything besides this has no credibility when it comes to national unity .
We supported national unity from day one–nNational unity based upon confronting the military campaign , but this needs honesty and credibility .
All political detainees must be freed and the Palestinians in the West Bank must be free to hold protests without being arrested .
We saw them arrested of course yesterday .
We also call on Mahmoud Abbas to stop cooperating with the enemy and to stop negotiations with the Israelis .
There is no future for these negotiations …
And to the Arab countries , by God you abandoned and degraded us .
But if you made mistakes in the past go ahead and correct your mistakes before it is to late …
I call on Arab countries not to welcome any Israeli official in their capitals .
The Arab leaders must coordinate and be aligned with the will of their people .
Moreover , I call on Arab countries that have relations with Israel to tell the Israelis either that they should stop their war , or that the Arab countries will stop their relations .
After this resolution , the Muslim Ummah should not calm down and assume the atrocities are over .
Resolution 1860 has not brought about any changes on the ground .
Israel refuses the resolution and the battle in Gaza is in its most intense phase .
What we need is more stern resistance in Gaza and we need more fierce protests in the Arab and Islamic world and the international community to achieve victory for the people of Gaza .
We need a third Intifada ( uprising ) in the West Bank and a revolution in the Arab , Islamic world until the enemy withdraws from Gaza , the siege is lifted and the border crossings are opened .
A very important point is that the Muslim world should stand by us .
In spite of all these massacres committed by Israel , some say that we are the problem and the massacres are our fault .
These are shameful words .
What provided the atmosphere for the Zionists to boost their reputation ( among their people ) and to increase our wounds and impose new circumstances , for example the separation wall , settlement activities and so on , all happened at the time of negotiations .
Concerning are casualties and wounded , resistance cannot liberate without martyrs and casualties .
It is better to achieve victory through martyrs and wounded , instead of having casualties without resistance and victory .
Some express fear that after all the sacrifices , the leadership of the resistance may collapse or make a settlement for example .
On the contrary , the blood of our women and children and people will increase our cohesion and determination to achieve our aims .
It is unjust that after all these massacres to just go and say lets make a truce .
On the contrary , the price of this bloodshed is freedom and to decide our own destiny and to end the occupation and siege .
Oskar Lafontaine
By Duroyan Fertl
January 29 , 2009 -- Germany kicked off a “ super election year ” on January 18 when voters in the western German state of Hesse returned to the polls for the second time in twelve months .
The new election had become necessary after months of negotiations to form a coalition government collapsed late last year , when four parliamentary members of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) rebelled against a plan to form government with the assistance of the far - left party , Die Linke .
The SPD had benefited in last year ’s poll from voter rejection of the racist scapegoating and law - and - order politics of the ruling right - wing Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and Prime Minister Roland Koch .
Despite its vote , however , the SPD still lacked the numbers to form government , even with its preferred allies , the Green Party , and the SPD ’s leader in Hesse , Andrea Ypsilanti , turned to Die Linke for support .
In the lead - up to the election , however , Ypsilanti had bowed to pressure from SPD hardliners and promised not to deal with the Die Linke .
Many in the dominant right wing of the SPD have an almost irrational dislike of the left - wing party , partly fuelled by the fact that it formed in out of a fusion of the Party for Democratic Socialism ( PDS – the successor to the former East Germany or German Democratic Republic ’s ruling party , the Socialist Unity Party ) with the WASG ( Electoral Alternative for Social Justice and Jobs ) – a group made up of radical trade unionists and breakaways from the SPD , included former SPD chairperson Oskar Lafontaine .
Nevertheless , when neither the SPD nor the CDU were able to form government with their preferred alliance partners – the Greens for the SPD and the radical free - marketeers of the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) for the CDU – Ypsilanti backflipped on her promise in order to win government , securing an agreement with the Greens and Die Linke , but losing support in her own party .
All attempts to form government having fallen through , the Hesse parliament was left with little choice but to dissolve itself , which it did on November 19 , 2008 , forcing new elections , and the left - leaning Ypsilanti was forced to step aside in disgrace , to be replaced as candidate with Thorsten Schäfer - Gümbel , a relatively unknown SPD backbencher .
The January election resulted in a further disaster for the SPD , which has been battling poor polling for months , and is desperate to restore its fortunes by winning state government .
Its support dropped thirteen points to only 23 per cent – the worst result in the party ’s history , a fact made bearable only by the fact that the CDU ’s showing was equally unimpressive .
They managed only a 0.4 per cent increase on last year ’s result of 36.8 per cent , making this its worst result in Hesse as well .
While voters punished both the SPD and CDU , the main beneficiaries in the election were the minor parties – the Greens ’ vote almost doubled to 14 per cent , while support for the FDP rose from 10 to 16 per cent .
Many more people simply refused to vote , however , and the election saw voter turnout in Hesse drop to an all - time low of 61 per cent .
While the SPD lost considerable support , it is perhaps surprising that Die Linke – which aims to win over disenfranchised SPD supporters – achieved only moderate gains , increasing its support by 0.3 per cent to 5.4 per cent .
While failing to capitalise immediately from the SPD ’s disarray , Die Linke has nevertheless managed to hold on to the six parliamentary seats it won last year – still a major breakthrough for the young party .
In the end , then , after twelve months of caretaker government , incumbent CDU Prime Minister Koch has been returned to power , in alliance with a strengthened FDP , a political constellation that many see as the likely outcome in the federal election due for later this year .
SPD in crisis
In the wake of the Hesse results , the SPD remains in total disarray , having lost considerable support due to its anti-social fee - market policies , for which it lost government in 2005 .
Support has dropped to a dismal 22 per cent nationwide , well behind the CDU on 37 per cent , and the SPD is desperate for political victories to revive it in this important federal election year .
Having replaced unpopular national leader Kurt Beck – who flip - flopped on the question of working with Die Linke – with the machiavellian Franz Münterfering , the SPD was hoping for a revival of its fortunes .
However , as the unwilling junior partners in a federal “ Grand Coalition ” government alongside the right - wing CDU , the SPD is continuing to implement neoliberal policies , further alienating its traditional support base , which is already suffering the effects of the economic crisis .
When the German economy fell into recession late last year , the CDU / SPD government ’s response was to announce a € 480 billion “ bail - out ” of the country ’s major banks .
At the very same time , unemployment in Germany is expected to rise by nearly 1 million over the next few months , and the country is facing a poverty rate that is estimated to stand as high as 18 per cent , and it is rapidly rising .
There are already suggestions that the country ’s second largest private bank , Commerzbank , is using its first € 10 billion ( $ 20 billion ) handout simply to finance a takeover bid of Dresdner Bank , while the major German banks are already calling for a second “ emergency bailout ” to divest them of a claimed €300 in “ toxic debts ” .
At the same time , workers ’ industrial action is on the rise in Germany .
Last November , more than 500,000 metalworkers held short strikes across southern Germany , demanding an 8 per cent wage increase , and Lufthansa workers at Frankfurt airport are currently threatening strike action , also over wages .
` Super election ’ year
Germans will vote this year in sixteen polls , including local , European and presidential elections , as well as state elections in Saarland , Saxony , Thuringia and Brandenburg , before the federal elections on September 27 .
In the former East Germany , Die Linke maintains popular support of more than 25 per cent , where it has built on its former PDS support base .
In many of these eastern states , such as Thuringia and Saxony , Die Linke is expected to outpoll the SPD , and support for Die Linke is expected to grow as the economic crisis deepens .
In the west , however , the SPD also has reason to be worried .
While the PDS had failed to reach into the west , Die Linke has fared better , winning seats in every west German state election it has contested except Bavaria , which has a more complicated electoral system
In the industrial centre of Saarland , which is home to co-leader Oskar Lafontaine .
Die Linke has polled as high as 29 per cent – double SPD support in that state .
There is a real chance that Die Linke could poll high enough force the SPD into an alliance government – Die Linke ’s first in the western part of the country .
The `red threat ’
Since its official formation in 2007 , Die Linke has grown to the point that it is now the third - biggest party in Germany , polling up to 15 per cent nationally .
This popularity results from Die Linke ’s criticism of neoliberal economic policies , and in its calls for greater social spending – on education , health , housing and employment – and higher taxes for the rich .
Oskar Lafontaine , who has been openly critical of the role of finance capital and globalisation , recently called for income tax on all “ shameful ” incomes – those above € 600,000 ( $ 750,000 ) – to be increased to 80 per cent .
While many of Lafontaine ’s statements are simply anti-neoliberal , he as gone as far as to identify “ globalisation ” with capitalism , and to call for the inclusion of sections from the Communist Manifesto in Die Linke ’s constitution , stoking right - wing fears of a “ communist revival ” .
This rhetoric – genuine or not – is also striking a positive a chord in Germany , where economic and social problems have hit hard in recent years and enormous corruption scandals have rocked the country .
As the global economic crisis has hit , Germans have found a renewed interest in Karl Marx , whose major work Capital has returned to the bestsellers list in Germany , and publishers have run out of stock .
Linksjugend – Die Linke ’s leftwing youth organisation – recently organised a national series of schools on the Marxist classic .
The German state has been less than positive about the rise of Die Linke .
A 2007 report from the Verfassungsschutz – a German secret service agency – indicated that the government had placed Die Linke under surveillance , leading to a public outcry , and a number of legal cases .
Die Linke is also opposed to militarism and calls for an end to German involvement in the war in Afghanistan , putting it at odds with every other party in the German Bundestag , and with Germany ’s imperialist allies abroad .
A year of challenges
Despite its rapid growth , however , Die Linke still faces challenges in uniting former PDS members and social democrats , revolutionary socialists and left - wing radicals around a common , militant , platform .
In Berlin – where Die Linke is in coalition government with the SPD – Die Linke has been involved in implementing a number of the same neoliberal policies it claims to oppose .
Klaus Lederer , Die Linke ’s leader in Berlin , spoke at a recent rally in support of Israel ’s war in Gaza , defying the party ’s official opposition to the onslaught .
Unionists have also pointed to Die Linke ’s contradictory positions in a number of recent industrial disputes , and the party has been accused of pursuing an electoralist strategy at the detriment of building the social and union movements .
These problems are often ascribed to the influence of the more socially conservative ex-members of the PDS within the party , but while Die Linke may be largely dominated by the former PDS , it has attracted thousands of more - radical members , including far - left groups , militant trade unionists and socialists , and has become a far more diverse and effective organisation .
Despite these challenges , and the ongoing media campaign against Die Linke as “ neo- communist ” , including attempts to link leading members with the Stasi – the former East Germany ’s secret police – Die Linke has shaken up the political landscape in Germany , and has forced the four main parties to move to the left on a number of issues .
If it can overcome its own internal problems and the attacks of the mainstream media , Die Linke looks set to score major electoral wins this year , and force German politics leftwards .
[ Duroyan Fertl is a member of the Democratic Socialist Perspective , an Marxist organisation affiliated to the Socialist Alliance of Australia . ]
The Israeli military attacked what it described as a “ weapons manufacturing facility ” in Rafah today , and continued to strike tunnels along the Gaza - Egypt border , in what it said was retaliation for an apparent Qassam launch by militants in the Gaza Strip .
The Qassam launch was likewise claimed to be in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Hamas targets , which were themselves claimed to be retaliation for a bombing by a group which was unrelated to Hamas .
The authenticity of the attack was put somewhat in doubt by Israeli military officials saying they had not found the location which the rocket was supposed to have hit .
Visiting US envoy George Mitchell has urged both sides to continue the ceasefire , though Israel insisted that its assorted attacks did not constitute a violation of the ceasefire , and the military insisted Hamas was entirely to blame for every Israeli attack .
Mitchell also urged Israel to reopen the border crossings into Gaza , but was reportedly rebuffed by Prime Minister Ehud Olmert .
Olmert has said that the border will not reopen until Gilad Shalit , a soldier captured in 2006 , is returned .
Hamas has ruled out making such a deal .
Kim , who still lives at the couple 's studio where he and his son also photograph a variety of other animals , said the photos were typical of Jane 's talent for capturing animals at their best
Credit : CATERS NEWS AGENCY
Veronica
Goss is the first person to admit that her son , Walter Ransome , made a big mistake in the stairwell of Francis Pastorius Elementary School the week before Thanksgiving .
Walter , a tall , lean boy with a shelf full of trophies from a Christian Youth Basketball Association , agrees that he was foolish that afternoon .
Before going to the after - school program at his Germantown school , Walter , 13 , and an eighth - grade female classmate stopped in the stairwell .
It was there that that they briefly had sexual intercourse .
Walter got kicked out of school for the incident .
The girl stayed in school .
Now , Goss is demanding to know why .
Sex in the stairwell at a school in Philly led to a boy being suspended and the girl ?
She 's still there :
The mother in the article says this has happened before and girls get off scott - free while boys are punished .
If true , this unfairness will lead to some consequences at some point for the school , if not now , then in the future .
( CNN ) -- Separatist rebels bombed an electricity transmission tower in the southern Philippines on Saturday , according to military spokesperson Lt. Stefani Cacho .
The tower supplies electricity to several towns in the region .
Rebels from the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , an Islamic militant group based in the Philippines , used four explosive devices but only 3 detonated , Lt. Cacho wrote in a text message to CNN .
The government of the Philippines has been involved in stormy peace negotiations with MILF since 2003 .
Last month , armed men attacked a U.N. truck carrying food to the southern Philippines , killing the driver 's assistant , according to the U.N. World Food Program .
-- CNN's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .
Last month , seven major movie studios and the Seven Network filed suit against iiNet for allegedly allowing its users to download pirated movies and TV shows .
The landmark case will determine the lengths to which an internet provider must go to prevent illegal downloading on its network .
A loss for the movie industry could leave it no choice but to go after individual downloaders , as has occurred in the US .
The movie studios argue that iiNet had a responsibility to disconnect customers they had identified as illegal downloaders .
iiNet has vowed to vigorously defend the case , claiming it forwarded copyright infringement notices sent to it by the Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft on to police and it was up to them , not iiNet , to decide whether someone was guilty of copyright infringement .
ISPs argue that , like Australia Post with letters , they are just providing a service and should not be forced to become copyright police .
In today 's directions hearing lawyers for iiNet began to frame its defense , saying the company " just provides the pipes " .
Conversely , the TV and movie industry want ISPs to disconnect people it has identified as repeat infringers .
There would be no involvement from police or the courts and the industry would simply provide the IP addresses of users they believe to be illegal downloaders .
The movie industry 's lawyers said in court today they would reject iiNet 's claims that it was not liable for the actions of its users due to safe harbour provisions introduced with the US free trade agreement .
The iiNet case is similar to the one the music industry brought against the Kazaa file sharing service in 2002 , which ended in 2006 with Kazaa 's owners handing over $ 100 million in damages .
Additionally , in 2005 , Stephen Cooper , the owner of MP3s4 free.net , and the website 's host , E - Talk Communications , were successfully sued by the music industry for infringing copyright by publishing hyperlinks to sites that contained illegal music .
Both cases were referenced by lawyers representing the movie studios in court today .
But copyright law experts have said both cases were different because they showed a clear knowledge and encouragement of copyright infringement , whereas iiNet simply provides the internet connection and is in no way directly involved with illegal downloading .
The case returns to court for another directions hearing on February 6 .
MOST recession - blighted manufacturers worry that their next order is likely to be for mothballs .
Not so Scotland 's whisky makers : they are busy bringing old distilleries back to life and building new ones .
The reason is not that the British are drowning their economic sorrows ; it is that exports of single malts are booming .
“ We were producing 6 m litres a year , ” says David Cox , a director of the Macallan Distillery , whose whisky is the third - best - selling malt ( by volume ) in overseas markets .
But on the wooded bluff overlooking the River Spey where Macallan has been made since 1824 , stills disused since the 1980s have been brought back into use and two vast warehouses have sprouted .
New capacity is adding some 2 m litres a year , says Mr Cox , and land has been earmarked for still more expansion .
Though sales of whisky in Britain are broadly declining , consumption elsewhere has risen .
In 2007 it reached 318 m litres , a 15 % increase on 1997 , and £ 2.8 billion ( $ 5.6 billion , at the exchange rates of the day ) , an 18 % increase .
Blended whiskies , it is true , faltered in 2008 but single malts forged ahead .
Drinkers have got keener on the more expensive stuff ( made from malted barley and generally matured for at least ten years ) and less keen on grain and blended whiskies ( usually kept for three ) .
The fastest - growing market has been East Asia — particularly China , where the value of whisky sales rose from £ 1 m in 2001 to £ 70 m in 2007 , according to the Scotch Whisky Association , a trade body .
In Moscow too there is a market for single malt that did not exist before .
The shift to this more exclusive tipple means that Mr Cox 's distillery , which used to sell much of its product to whisky blenders , now keeps everything for its own lines .
Most distillers do not have enough stock on hand to meet demand , thanks to a downturn in production in the 1990s .
So many are rationing the amount they sell in order to have some ten - and 12 - year - old stock to market in future years as even more expensive whiskies .
Bottles of 30 - year - old drink can fetch more than £ 1,000 .
To slake the worldwide thirst , one distillery , Ardbeg on Islay , is breaking the ten - year rule and marketing a six - year - old malt under the label “ very young ” , an eight - year - old ( “ still young ” ) and a nine - year - old ( “ almost there ” ) .
Mr Cox muses about breaking out of the age straitjacket to mix eight - , ten- , and 15 - year - old stock under a label such as “ head distiller 's choice ” .
Others are seizing the chance to make money now .
The trade association says that in 2008 and 2009 a total of about £ 500 m will be spent building six new distilleries , bringing two old ones back into use and expanding five sites .
Firms profess to be unworried by recession , since whisky they make now cannot be sold for years anyway .
They are confident that the Chinese and others , having developed a taste for malt in particular , will come back to it .
Dramatic evidence of this confidence can be seen at Roseisle on the Moray coastal plain where Diageo , a British multinational , is spending some £ 100 m on a vast distillery .
Looking more like a beached supertanker than the usual stone - walled pagoda - hatted plant , it is intended to pour out 10 m litres of whisky a year .
It is a bold development , especially as the success of whisky 's overseas marketing has been based on emphasising quality derived from more than a century of tradition and heritage .
Whether connoisseurs take to Diageo 's unashamedly modern , industrial - scale product is yet to be tested .
Scientists at Michigan Tech University have released the results of a 7 year study in which they looked at the size of a motorist ’s vehicle in relation to their IQ , and the findings are surprising while they also confirm long held beliefs among drivers .
“ We found that a normal individual of average intelligence actually decreases their brain power the bigger the car they drive , ” said Dr. Jhonesburg , leader of the extensive study .
“ What we found is that if you take a Rhodes scholar , and put him in the seat of an H2 , he becomes a total dumbass . ”
The research was presented at this week ’s Detroit Auto Show to much contention .
“ I do n’t buy it . ” said Rick Wagoner , CEO of GM .
“ What about sub compacts ?
Those people are obviously stupid in comparison with those who drive our Escalades . ”
“ The study looked at the effects of the car itself , ” responded Jhonesburg “ and not the IQ of the initial participant .
Sub compact drivers were of lower IQ already with little awareness of the safety danger they were in .
Drivers of large cars scored higher on our initial tests , but subsequently scored in the bottom percentile after just 10 minutes of driving the ‘ tanks ’ , as I like to call them . ”
The research will help explain why SUVers drive like maniacs on icy roads in deteriorating conditions , even though 4 wheel drive has no effect on braking power , as well as to why seemingly mild mannered soccer moms need 4 tons of steel to carry groceries .
The complete study can be found in the February issue of Motortrend .
Thanks to thisbuddyofmine for this submission .
The Joys Of Objective - C and Interface Builder January 14 , 2009
For the last couple months I worked on an iPhone game using only OpenGL , partly to learn it , and partly because I had no experience with Interface Builder .
After getting much of it working I decided 9 days ago to take a break and work up an interface for my second game and use the native UI .
9 days later the game is virtually complete , other than creating some game data ( and finishing the editor for it ) .
The other game will also get a rewrite in the same fashion ( but it 's slipped to # 3 in the schedule now ) .
My experience with Objective - C was back in the late 90's when the company I worked for used WebObjects , and before Java was an option ( I became the first person in the company to use Java , and then J2EE ) , but I 'd never dealt with desktop applications so I never used IB .
For those who do n't know what IB is , its a GUI builder tool .
Big deal , eh , lots of those .
This one is way better than any I 've ever used , partly due to its long history going back to the early 90's , and partly due to the interesting features that Objective - C and the frameworks ( first NextStep 's and now Cocoa and Cocoa Touch ) allow .
For all the ancientness of Objective - C as a language , as you get comfortable with it you begin to see a lot of amazing features coming from its SmallTalk - like background .
With IB , you " wire " up objects together , basically creating connections called " Outlets " and actions called " Actions " .
It comes with many prewired objects that you can drag and connect together .
It also is integrated tightly with XCode and your own source code , so the connections are two - way .
You save the interface in something called a " NIB " which at runtime is loaded and all the connections wired up for you .
The magic comes from the ease at which you can put together your applications interface , and take advantage of all the useful functionality with very little code .
Despite not knowing too much of IB or the frameworks I 've written a complete , fairly complex iPhone game in 9 days .
All I wanted to do was experiment with an idea , and it grew into the whole app .
As an example here is the entire controller class for my Menu page :
@implementation MenuViewController - ( void)viewWillAppear :( BOOL ) animated { puzzlePicker.pickedPuzzle = GAME.gameNumber ; } - ( IBAction ) pickPuzzle :( id ) sender { [ GAME loadGameWithNumber:puzzlePicker.pickedPuzzle ] ; } - ( IBAction ) returnToPuzzle :( id ) sender { [ self dismissModalViewControllerAnimated : TRUE ] ; } - ( IBAction ) showAbout :( id ) sender { [ self presentModalViewController:aboutView animated : YES ] ; } - ( IBAction ) showHelp :( id ) sender { [ self presentModalViewController : helpView animated : YES ] ; } - ( IBAction ) solvePuzzle :( id ) sender { [ GAME showSolution ] ; [ self dismissModalViewControllerAnimated : TRUE ] ; } @end
Not much to it , yet it does quite a bit of work in those few methods .
Compared to all the work I was doing in OpenGl , this is nothing .
As I was working in OpenGL ( for a 2D game ) I kept thinking how stupid it was to do everything myself and get nothing of the benefits of the native interface .
Not to knock OpenGL ; for many games it 's the only choice .
It was also a great learning experience so the time was n't wasted ( I build a wrapper state machine to make OpenGL easier to work with ) .
This was just ... so fun .
All of the 5 remaining apps will be built the same way , even though they do have unique features I can see a lot of similarities in how I have constructed this one .
The game file editor that most of them share is written in Mac Cocoa as it's only used by me , which got me to learn IB and realize how cool it is to work with .
Not all of the frameworks and API 's are perfect , and sometimes the documentation sucks horribly .
And of course XCode is the suckiest IDE on the planet , but the coding has been very productive , and that 's what counts .
Theoretical physicist Jim Al - Khalili joins Alok Jha to discuss science in the Islamic world , the Atheist Bus Campaign , and autism
Theoretical physicist Jim Al - Khalili tells us about the discoveries he made while researching his BBC4 TV series Science and Islam .
In the Newsjam , we discuss some of the week 's science stories including extreme survival , incandescent lightbulbs , ancient Greek brothels , and the suggestion that prenatal screening for autism could deprive the world of geniuses .
You wait for an atheist bus , then 800 come along at once .
We were at the launch of the campaign and spoke to some of its supporters including science author Richard Dawkins , comedy writer Ariane Sherine and comic Robin Ince .
Science correspondent James Randerson joins the pod for our first proper programme from our new studios .
WARNING : contains one instance of strong language .
Feel free to post your comments about this programme on the blog below .
You can also join our Facebook group , where you can scrawl your thoughts on our wall .
The new Tweetie 1.2 app is an iPhone client for Twitter , and its latest upgrade makes it the leader in Twittering , here are some of the updates
DAVID CHARTIER – 1/16/2009 , 11:01 PM
Tweetie is an app from the house of Atebits ,
It was originally designed by Brichter , and ever since it came out , it has dominated the Twitter market .
As time goes by , apps either upgrade or disappear , in this instance , it upgraded significantly and added to its functionality .
The new Tweetie version 1.2 is definitely a game changer .
What makes Tweetie 1.2 so great is its Popularity EnhancEr technology and that it eliminates the need for a flashlight and fart apps .
It also integrates Instapaper and iTunes links as well a landscape keyboard that you can use for drafting tweets on the go .
It also allows you to block / unblock users on iPhone , and it will remember your scroll position on launch and refresh .
Tweetie 1.2 also brings you linking shrinkage with bit.ly and a bookmarklet support feature , and the ability to navigate reply chains .
What we found to be really cool is the new swipe to reveal feature , where you can swipe the iPhone screen to reveal navigation icons including reply , profile , and your favorite buttons .
PEE
The integration of the Popularity EnhancEr ( PEE ) technology .
This is what Atebit claims to be “ a collection of ever - growing technologies scientifically designed to enhance the size of that certain something …
You guessed it : App Store sales ! ”
What adds to Atebit ’s success is the integration of flashlights and fart sounds like part of the new versions standard features .
However , we expect that the PEE will come with automatic updates that will enable Atebits to upgrade versions via iPhone without creating a new “ app ” process .
Operationally , after you download the new app , and yes , it ’s a new app since it is such a major upgrade that iPhone will charge you $ 2.99 , so it ’s not a version upgrade but a new app .
You navigate like this :
Tweetie >
Advanced .
Enable the “ Popularity Enhance ” button
You now have a flashlight and interactive fart
Conclusions
Go for it , do n’t waste time , and do n’t moan about the price , its worth it .
Long - time forum member Ben Driscoll has been posting his webcomic Daisy Owl in the forum since July .
Here 's another one of our favorites .
It only gets stranger from there at DaisyOwl.com
Was Russia behind cyber - attack on Kyrgyzstan ?
Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday January 29 , 2009
Print This Email This
The small Central Asian nation of Kyrgyzstan , which lies on the border between China and Russia , was hit by a mysterious cyber - attack ten days ago which took out more than 80 % of its internet capacity .
The country 's two main internet service providers are now back online , but the source of the attack remains mysterious .
It is known that the attack originated from Russian IP's , and an article in Wednesday 's Wall Street Journal attributes them to a Russian - based " cyber- militia . "
Russia was blamed for similar denial - of - service attacks on Estonia in 2007 and on Georgia during last year 's brief war between those two nations .
However , the Journal was unable to obtain comment from Russian , Kyrgyz , or United States officials .
The United States is far more deeply involved in Kyrgyzstan than is generally recognized and has been using an air force base there since 2001 to supply its operations in Afghanistan .
One theory about the cyber - attack links it with recent Russian pressure on Kyrgyzstan to terminate US use of that base .
Both Reuters and Agence France - Presse recently cited Kyrgyz sources as saying that a statement announcing the closing of the US base in exchange for Russian financial aid was imminent .
However , General David Petraeus insisted during a trip to the region last week , " We look forward to discussing the future of the base there and we certainly have no plans to change anything , frankly . "
Following talks with the Kyrgyz prime minister , Petraeus added that " we did not discuss such possibilities at all " and said that a team of US officials would be arriving in Kyrgyzstan shortly to discuss expanding US use of the base .
A second , very different , theory about the attack is that it may have represented an attempt by the Kyrgyz government to clamp down on its own fledgling opposition movement .
The previous Kyrgyz head of state was overthrown in 2005 -- in an uprising heavily supported by American non-governmental organizations , such as the International Republican Institute and the National Democratic Institute -- but now discontent is growing again .
EurasiaNet noted last week that " as Kyrgyzstans feeble opposition unites into a new coalition , its leaders are coming under increasing pressure from the authorities .
The state general prosecutor has launched criminal investigations involving at least four opposition leaders in recent weeks .
...
Analysts are calling the inquiries politically motivated . "
According to Wired , " during Kyrgyzstan 's ' Tulip Revolution ' in 2005 , demonstrators often depended on cell phones and text messages to organize . "
Wired suggests that the Kyrgyz authorities may now fear that the internet will be used in the same way .
Smoke billows from a car 's tailpipe in San Francisco , California .
Barack Obama intends to reduce US carbon emissions from 1990 levels by 80 percent in 2050 .
International environmental groups have praised evidence of swift change by US President Barack Obama in his inaugural week , saying it could transform Washington from a green " pariah " into a world leader .
( AFP / Getty Images / File / David Paul Morris )
International environmental groups have praised evidence of swift change by US President Barack Obama in his inaugural week , saying it could transform Washington from a green " pariah " into a world leader .
Senior officials at WWF and the International Union for the Conservation of Nature , IUCN , told AFP they expected the shift to be felt within a month in domestic legislation and by the year end in global climate change negotiations
" He seems to be moving fast , " said Julia Marton - Lefevre , Director General of the Swiss - based IUCN , a network of conservation groups , governments and companies .
" It 's super urgent and he knows it . "
" The US reducing its ( carbon ) impact will already have an impact on the rest of the world , " she added .
Carter Roberts , president of the US branch of WWF , said the United States was set to move " from being a laggard and even pariah on some issues to being a leader . "
" This election is a turning point , not only in the United States and its actions on the environment , but also because it will have a ripple effect around the world , " he said by phone during a meeting of WWF International in Switzerland .
Colleagues were deeply impressed by Obama 's inaugural speech , citing especially a " multicultural outlook " that promised bridge - building with emerging and developing countries on the environment , they added .
Roberts expected the ripple effect to have an impact on China first .
Although it has set domestic targets , Beijing has been wary about Obama 's campaign promises and is reluctant to commit to new international cuts in carbon emissions unless industrialised economies do more .
" I believe China is ready to take the right steps to a lower carbon economy , they want and need to take the steps with the United States , " Roberts said .
Marton - Lefevre said : " China could have an impact on the US - let them sit down and talk . "
Key targets for Washington mentioned by the two included a green economic stimulus package , with proposals to renovate US power generation and incentives for home energy saving , federal legislation on carbon emissions , a move to end US isolation from a global climate change treaty , and federal policy on nature conservation and biodiversity .
Despite her optimism , Marton - Lefevre doubted that Obama he would be able to deliver everything he promises and gave a month to assess his administration 's environmental team 's actions .
At WWF , Roberts questioned the order of action .
" The have n't committed to a timetable yet , the question is where climate ( change ) sits amongst other priorities , " he explained .
On top of outlining policies that break out of the previous administration 's mould , Obama has nominated officials and scientists with strong green credentials to key posts dealing with energy , the interior and environment .
In his inauguration speech last Tuesday , he vowed to " roll back the specter of a warming planet " and championed renewable energy .
" Each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet , " Obama said .
He also addressed other nations " that enjoy relative plenty " , saying that they and the United States could no longer consume the world 's resources " without regard to effect . "
( Agencies )
Brad DeLong puts this economic crisis into perspective .
Why is a lower standard of living unimaginable for us for a while ?
Why is it essential that income keeps rising ?
Why can't we do more with less ?
... everybody I know finds it very difficult to imagine how people can survive on less than one - third of what they spendnever mind that all of our pre-industrial ancestors did so all the time .
There is a point at which we say " enough ! " to more oat porridge .
But all evidence suggests Keynes was wrong :
We are simply not built to ever say " enough ! " to stuff in general .[...]
Our goods are not only plentiful but cheap .
I am a book addict .
Yet even I am fighting hard to spend as great a share of my income on books as Adam Smith did in his day .
Back on March 9 , 1776 Adam Smith 's Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations went on sale for the price of 1.8 pounds sterling at a time when the median family made perhaps 30 pounds a year .
That one book ( admittedly a big book and an expensive one ) cost six percent of the median family 's annual income .
In the United States today , median family income is $ 50,000 a year and Smith 's Wealth of Nations costs $ 7.95 at Amazon ( in the Bantam Classics edition ) .
The 18th Century British family could buy 17 copies of the Wealth of Nations out of its annual income .
The American family in 2009 can buy 6,000 copies : a multiplication factor of 350 .
Books are not an exceptional category .
GAZA , Jan 29 ( Reuters ) - A Palestinian man on Thursday accused Islamist Hamas militants in control of the Gaza Strip of torturing and killing his brother for publicly criticising them .
Osama Atallah , a teacher , was a supporter of the Fatah movement of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , the sworn enemy of Hamas , whose gunmen drove Fatah militia out of Gaza in 2007 and fought Israel 's army in a three - week war this month .
His brother Bassam said masked gunmen in two jeeps arrived at the family home in the city of Gaza on Tuesday .
They identified themselves as members of Hamas internal security and they arrested his brother Osama .
Bassam said the Hamas security service told the Atallah family Osama would be released in a matter of hours .
But a Hamas government official , who is also a member of the Atallah family , later denied the teacher was in custody .
The family subsequently received a telephone call from hospital that Osama Atallah was in critical condition .
He later died of his wounds .
Ten Israeli soldiers died in the 22 - day offensive , including four in a " friendly fire " accident .
About 1,300 Palestinians were killed , according to a Gaza human rights group , of whom over 700 were civilians .
Many older Gaza Palestinians scoffed at a claim of " victory " by Hamas once the fighting was halted on Jan 18 .
Fatah sources said Osama Atallah , a Fatah activist , had been threatened by Hamas " because of his public and continued criticism of the performance of the Hamas militias in Gaza . "
They accused Hamas of " severely torturing and then strangling " Osama Atallah .
They said bullets in his body could have been fired after he died .
Hamas interior ministry spokesman Ehab al - Ghsain did not respond to telephone calls from from Reuters about the accusation .
Hamas security officials said " dozens of collaborators " had been detained , including people they accused of spying for Israel during this month 's battles .
The Israeli daily Haaretz reported on Thursday that Hamas " executed several dozen civilians " during and after Israel 's assault on Gaza .
Some were members of Fatah , but others were not politically affiliated , the paper said .
Haaretz quoted an Israeli intelligence source as saying a number of Palestinian agents working for Israel were intercepted by Hamas " because the intelligence they provided was used carelessly " by commanders intent on minimising troop casualties .
" It appears that in most cases Hamas suspected that their victims had collaborated with Israeli intelligence , " it said .
Hamas in Gaza has not confirmed killing collaborators .
But an Arab newspaper has carried a statement by an exiled Hamas official confirming that the group killed several .
The accuracy of some Israeli airstrikes targeting individual militants in buildings , or trying to snipe at or pinpoint Israeli forces , certainly came from spies on the ground , according to some Palestinian security sources .
Haaretz said Israeli commanders with troops in Gaza were " very impressed that ( intelligence services ) could warn them with great precision of developments in their proximity " .
The Michigan Department of Community Health ( MDCH ) , which is charged with crafting rules and regulations for the state 's voter - approved medical marijuana program , got an earful from patients and activists at a public hearing in Lansing Monday .
The MDCH draft regulations are overly burdensome and sometimes conflict with the new law , patients and activists charged .
Michigan Capitol
Under the state 's medical marijuana law , which passed with the approval of 63 % of the voters , MDCH has until April 4 to craft program regulations and begin issuing ID cards to qualified patients and caregivers .
But now , after the detailed criticisms of its draft regulations , MDCH will have to go back to the drawing board -- and move fast .
Under the proposed rules , those qualified to grow and use marijuana would have to register yearly and be issued registration cards that could be revoked for criminal use or sales .
Registered medical producers could supply no more than five patients each , and possess no more than 12 mature plants and 2.5 ounces of marijuana per patient .
Among the proposed rules drawing the ire of patients and advocates was one that would require patients to keep an inventory of the amount of marijuana they had on hand and one that would require patients to treat their medical marijuana supply more restrictively than they treat other medicines , including prescribed opiates , by requiring that the usable marijuana -- not just the plants -- be kept in an enclosed , locked facility .
Another proposed rule , barring the use of medical marijuana in view of the public , went beyond the scope of the law , which only bars use in public , patients complained .
They said that rule could lead to patients being arrested for medicating on their porches or even inside their homes if visible through a window .
" It seems to me you are attempting an end - run of what the people wanted and voted for , " said Ken Shapiro of East Lansing , who uses marijuana for metastatic melanoma that , he said , has afflicted him for 31 years .
Shapiro said he had endured radiation , chemotherapy , and more than 50 operations during his struggle with the disease .
" Marijuana helped me get through it , " he said .
" It should be taken for granted that seriously ill people are not dealing drugs . "
Another medical marijuana patient , Tom Higgins of Bay City , who currently cultivates his own marijuana outside the protection of the law , said proposed rules requiring disclosure and paperwork requirements could create a trail that could expose him to federal prosecution .
" I wo n't follow the rules as they are now ; I 'll just keep growing marijuana as I have been , " said Higgins , who suffers from hepatitis .
" The regulations are far more burdensome than necessary , directly conflict with the law that the voters enacted in several areas , and would require things not permitted by the law , " said Karen O'Keefe , director of state policies for the Marijuana Policy Project , which backed the November initiative .
" The department does n't have the authority to create new , restrictive requirements , but that 's what they 've tried to do . "
O'Keefe also testified at the Monday hearing , where she presented a detailed , 22 - point list of required revisions to bring the draft regulations in compliance with the medical marijuana law .
Voters approved the law and the safeguards it contains " without requiring self - incrimination or making life overly difficult for the seriously ill patients whom 63 % of Michigan voters chose to allow to use medical marijuana without fearing arrest , " she told the hearing .
O'Keefe was guardedly optimistic that MDCH would heed the complaints .
" They 've said they would take all comments into consideration , and we hope they will do so .
We want this to be fixed and to see the program up and running as soon as possible , " she said .
" Until they set the rules , they wo n't be issuing ID cards , and until then , patients are at risk of arrest . "
" The rules as proposed were overly technical and burdensome , " said Greg Francisco , executive director of the Michigan Medical Marijuana Association ( MMMA ) , the state 's largest patient group .
" But once we went through the hearings and explained our concerns , I think the state realized its rules were n't workable .
We were not happy with the original rules , but we are happy the state seems to be listening . "
Indeed , at the end of the hearing , State Bureau of Health Professions policy analyst Desmond Mitchell , who conducted the meeting , said the MDCH " will review everything and take a look at what revisions need to be made " in the coming weeks .
Even law enforcement complained about some of the proposed rules , especially one that would require that the medicine of patients who died or left the program be turned over to the state police .
" It 's burdensome for law enforcement to have someone come in , asking to destroy 12 plants , " said Greg Zorotney of the State Police executive division .
" Plants can grow quite big . "
But Zorotney also told the panel that the ID card system should be entered into the same database as drivers ' licenses , and that raised a red flag for advocates .
" The state police do n't want to be running around gathering up plants and medicine , " said MPP's O'Keefe .
" That 's reasonable , and so is wanting the ability to verify ID cards 24 - 7 .
But they also want some kind of access to the patient database , and the law says that patient information is confidential .
The only information they are entitled to is whether the patient is indeed registered , " she said .
During the campaign to pass the initiative , the public face of patients was the Michigan Coalition for Compassionate Care , but that MPP - funded group went out of business once its electoral objectives had been achieved .
Now , MMMA , representing patients and activists who kept a low profile during the campaign , is coming to the fore .
" MPP asked us to lay low during the campaign , but we organized behind the scenes so we would be ready to go , " explained Francisco .
" We launched at the close of the polls on November 4 .
MMMA is about patients and what 's right for the state and coming up with a workable medical marijuana program for the state , " he said .
Now , MDCH has about three weeks to revise the rules and submit them to a legislative committee .
The committee can either approve or reject the rules .
If it rejects them , the legislature will have two weeks to write a bill with new rules , get it passed , and have it signed by the governor .
In either case , the April 4 rollout date looms large .
" They have one more chance to get it right , " said Francisco .
" Once the revised rules go in , that 's it .
I really do believe these are just bureaucrats trying to do their job and that they will make the necessary changes .
If not , it 's litigation time . "
" This has gotten a lot of attention in Michigan , " said O'Keefe .
" There was a really strong patient and advocate presence at the hearing , and there was a lot of media there .
I think the department understands that it is important to get this right .
If not , we are prepared to litigate , " she warned .
Arnold Kling offers a very good explanation of the problem facing would - be stimulators :
Another structural issue that I have discussed in previous lectures is the nature of the unemployment that exists .
The standard recession of the post - war United States found the economy with excess inventories of durable goods , and most of the unemployed were production workers temporarily laid off from manufacturing facilities .
More recently , it seems to me that a lot of our imbalances are structural .
In financial services , most of the people who are leaving jobs related to mortgage origination and securitization are not coming back .
In autos , some of the decline in production is cyclical , but worldwide there is too much capacity in the industry , so that many unemployed auto workers are also not coming back .
I doubt that I would want to apply the same multiplier analysis to structural unemployment that I would to cyclical unemployment .
To my knowledge , neither the old - fashioned macro engineers nor the modern academics have addressed this issue .
I see an additional problem : FDR entered 1932 with a country that had saved a lot .
Barack Obama faces a country already drowning in debt .
The collapse in aggregate demand does n't merely reflect the wealth effect of falling asset prices or a credit contraction ; it reflects a large underlying debt load that was only sustainable with rising asset prices .
Until that debt load is worked off or inflated away , households are not going to be in a position to spend .
That 's why the complaints that tax cuts are bad because consumers will save them instead of spend them seem very , very off to me .
We are not looking at a small contraction in aggregate demand because of excess inventories or too - tight money .
We 're seeing consumers come to grips with the massive hole in their household balance sheets .
Call me crazy , but would n't a nation of taxpayers saving $ 500 put us that much closer to sustainable growth in aggregate demand ?
Doing otherwise just seems to kick the can a little ways down the road .
If our fiscal policy even has the strength to do that much .
Gatchaman
Battle of the Planets
G- Force
The Wonderful Adventures of Nils
Area 88
Dallos
The Mysterious Cities of Gold
Speed Racer
Uchū no Kishi Tekkaman
Tatsunoko
Gatchaman , Tekkaman
Polymar
Dallos
Shima Shima Tora no Shimajirou
Filmography
Veteran anime directorpassed away on Friday .
He was 67 .
His funeral service will be held on Monday at noon in Tokyo's Hachioji City .
He leaves behind his wifeToriumi is best remembered in Japan for directing four different ) projects , television series and film , and thetelevision series .
Overseas fans may also know his work in , and Toriumi was born in the Japanese prefecture of Kanagawa south of Tokyo in 1941 .
After taking an interest in filmmaking , he went to a storywriting institute during college and then joinedin 1966 .
He would get involved in many of 's classics from that era , including , and .
He eventually became a freelancer , worked at ( now ) , and later contributed atduring its founding years .
Toriumi became a mentor to , particularly while they worked together on , the world 's first original video anime .
He was still active as recently as 1994 , when he directed .
Since the 1980s , he has also been a prolific novelist with nearly two dozen volumes to his credit . : Director : Director : Supervisor In Chief : Supervision : Screenplay , Original story : Screenplay , Original creator : Chief Director , Technical director : Series director : Episode Director : Director : Chief Director : Chief Director : Story Advisor : Episode Director ( special ) : Director ( movie ) : Director , Original storyMichitekuru Toki no Mukō ni ( special ) : Director , Screenplay : Episode Director , Supervisor In Chief ( TV ) : Episode Director ) : Director : Director : Episode Director : Chief Director : Chief Director , Storyboard : Chief Director , Director : Coordinator ( eps 1 , 2 ) Source :
If you neglect some aspect of computation in designing your programming language , then the people who actually need that aspect will have to spend a lot of time dealing with it by themselves ; and if you do n't let them do it by extending your language , they 'll have to do it with inarticulate barkings rather than civilized sentences .
So you think you can overlook such facts of life as having to support multiple concurrent isolated virtual worlds on a same machine , communicating with such other worlds on other machines ?
Forget to specify how concurrent activities can co-exist at all ?
Leave out persistence and retrieval of data outside of your language specification ?
Omit ways to interface directly with existing libraries and external programs ?
Or just do a shoddy job at it that is not robust or comprehensive enough to sustain serious use in software that matters to programmers ?
Then programmers will retrofit into your language such crocks as threads , whereby user code may arbitrarily break the system invariants of your otherwise safe language ( if at all ) .
They will resort to brittle external tools such as shell scripts to bind together the pieces of your system .
They will curse you as they scramble to reimplement the interfaces you left out , in as many different and differently fragile ways .
They will waste countless months rebuilding infrastructure to properly talk to databases , and get crazy having to deal with persistence , transactionality and schema upgrades through manually coded conventions rather than automatically enforced mechanisms .
Now there are infinitely many possible aspects to programming , new ones being invented everyday and becoming popular every year ; as a programming language designer , you can't be reasonably expected to have already provided a well - designed interface to all of them in your programming language .
Handling all possible aspects of programming that anyone will ever imagine to care for not only requires more resources than you can ever provide , but also a wilder imagination than all you can ever have .
And so , you can never design a system that does everything for everyone , all the time .
Therefore there will be ( infinitely ) many things that your computing system wo n't be able to fully handle ; even for the finitely many things that you handle , you will find that you lack the resources to update and maintain your system so it keeps handling those features as the related needs evolve .
But then , you should at least admit defeat , and do not try to fake having a solution : give your users direct access to the guts of the system with which they can build actual solutions , instead of providing any misdesigned partial " solutions " that can't possibly be made to fit their needs .
Any half - assed pseudo - solution you offer will be treated as damage and be routed around .
Programmers who need to get things done will bypass your puny file - system abstractions and directly use low - level system calls interfaces -- or they will just prefer better languages that do n't introduce any superfluous impedance mismatch between them and the realities they have to deal with .
Until of course such languages degenerate to the point that they do introduce an impedance mismatch once again !
Which might be but a minor nuisance , or convince users to fork your language or migrate away , depending on how much that matters to them .
Your system can't be the be -all end - all for everyone all the time .
That is why it is very important that your system should be extensible .
Now , some systems are only extensible because the source code is available .
That 's already infinitely better than systems where the source code is n't .
But one can do much better : you can design your system so that it can be extended from within , with some macro system as in Lisp or Scheme , or some grammar extension system as with caml p4 or pepsi .
The original Lispers had that principle that there should not be any system programmer privilege : any user of the language or system should be able to do anything that the system or language implementor can do .
For instance , whereas in Pascal there was this magic multi-argument PrintLn procedure when all user - defined procedures had a fixed number of arguments , Lisp goes through great length so that all the magic available in any of its functions or special forms could just as well be reimplemented or done differently by language users with the available primitives .
You can implement your own elaborate object system on top of the language , and that 's even how the reference implementation of the Common Lisp Object System is itself written ; that 's also how in practice users implement say an automatically prefixing variant of with - accessors with the help of symbol - macros and / or setf - expanders .
Now when everything can be defined and redefined , there is the worry that you can't trust anything , because the most basic things might have been redefined .
The worry is actually quite legitimate , as interesting malicious Javascript cross -site scripts have shown .
But the solution is not to prevent language modification ; the solution is to allow the user to abstract over and control which modified language variant he is using .
Thus , anyone should be able to easily define a new language , create compilers , analyzers and processors for such a language , write programs in that language or program - generators targetting it .
Any invocation of a program would make include the implicit or explicit specification of an appropriate processor , with sane defaults that can't cause unrelated programs to go wrong .
This the Common Lisp community failed to do so far with its paradigm of side - effecting the read - time or compile - time environments .
But PLT
Scheme handles such language abstraction like a charm by letting each module declare what language it is written in .
To paraphrase Hayek , IndividuaLisp is thus an attitude of humility before the program languaging process and of tolerance to other opinions , and is the exact opposite of that intellectual hubris which is at the root of the demand for comprehensive direction of the program languaging process .
THE contraceptive pill is polluting the environment and is in part responsible for male infertility , a report in the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano said on Saturday .
The pill " has for some years had devastating effects on the environment by releasing tonnes of hormones into nature " through female urine , said Pedro Jose Maria Simon Castellvi , president of the International Federation of Catholic Medical Associations , in the report .
" We have sufficient evidence to state that a non-negligible cause of male infertility in the West is the environmental pollution caused by the pill , " he said , without elaborating .
Stellar Data Recovery is India 's leading professional data recovery service company .
We offer wide range of data care solution including data recovery software , data recovery services , and data erasure software .
We have expertise in recovering data from almost all kinds of media storage devices like , Hard Drive , Laptop , SD Cards , External Media Devices , SSDs ( Solid State Drives ) , RAID , SAN , NAS , Pen Drive , and other storage devices .
Our data recovery experts can recover up to 100 % of your valuable data from any storage media device , irrespective of their failure cause .
We provide a Class 100 clean room facility , especially for physically damaged storage devices .
We have best - in - class data recovery software & tools , experts and experienced engineers and techniques , from legacy .
Stellar has been a leader in data recovery for over two decades .
We are the most trusted name in India for providing the best and cost effective software and service solution for Data Recovery .
POPULAR DATA RECOVERY SEARCHES : Data Recovery | Data Recovery Service | Data Recovery Software | Hard Drive Recovery | Hard Drive Data Recovery | RAID Data Recovery | RAID Recovery | Data Erasure Software | Mobile Data Erasure software | Flash Drive Data Recovery | Flash Drive Recovery | CCTV Footage Recovery | CCTV Video Recovery | DVR Video Recovery | Tally Data Recovery | Tally Recovery | Encrypted Data Recovery | SSD Data Recovery | SSD Recovery | Laptop Data Recovery | Desktop Data Recovery | Desktop Recovery | Laptop Recovery | iPad Data Recovery | iPad Recovery | MAC Data Recovery | MAC Recovery | Removable Media Recovery | SD Card Recovery | SD Card Data Recovery | iPhone Data Recovery | iPhone Recovery | Android Phone Recovery | Android Recovery | Android Mobile Recovery | Photo Recovery | Email Recovery | Deleted Email Recovery | Deleted File Recovery | File Recovery | Database Recovery | Pen Drive Recovery | Pen Drive Data Recovery | NAS Data Recovery | NAS Recovery | Windows Data Recovery Software | Windows Data Recovery | Mac Data Recovery | Mac Data Recovery Software | Photo Recovery software | Video Repair Software | JPEG Repair Software | iPhone data recovery software | iPhone Recovery | Server Recovery | RAID Server Recovery | Ransomware Recovery | Stellar Data Recovery Software | Stellar Data Recovery Service
All product names , logos , and brands are property of their respective owners .
All company , product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only .
( * )
Please refer to our Terms & Conditions
Mortgage giant Fannie Mae , now under government control , is planning its first trip to the public trough for money to bolster its balance sheet because of rising loan losses .
The company today estimated it would need between $ 11 billion and $ 16 billion of government capital in the aftermath of fourth - quarter losses .
The company did n't estimate what its losses would be .
The Treasury in September took control of Fannie and its sibling mortgage firm , Freddie Mac , after the Bush administration decided the companies were in danger of failing .
The Treasury agreed to extend up to $ 100 billion in capital to each , to keep them afloat .
Freddie got $ 14 billion in aid last fall , and last week said it would need as much as $ 35 billion more in the near term .
Until now , Fannie has n't asked for any money .
The company warned that the actual amount it draws down from the Treasury " may differ materially from [ the ] estimate because Fannie Mae is still working through its process of preparing and finalizing " its financial statements .
The two companies own or guarantee a total of $ 5 trillion in home loans .
-- Tom Petruno
Big Island Luaus Experience Hawaiian culture and attend a traditional Hawaiian luau on the Big Island of Hawaii .
A luau is a feast of life , companionship and great food !
Try popular Hawaiian delicacies , such as lomi lomi salmon , kalua pig and island fish , or savor all - time American favorites .
The luau feast also includes tropical cocktails and of course dessert , usually a variety of delicious cakes .
There is something for everyone – just make sure you arrive hungry !
In addition to the scrumptious luau feast , a luau is also about experiencing Hawaiian culture .
Depending on which luau you plan to visit , you can watch or participate in arts and crafts and other island games .
The luau dinner is followed by a show featuring music and dances from Hawaii and other Polynesian island nations .
Pick your favorite Big Island luau and get your tickets today .
Luaus usually sell out quickly because they are so popular .
Hawaii Discount offers the best prices on all Big Island luaus !
>>
All you can Eat !
Experience Hawaiian culture and attend a traditional Hawaiian luau on the Big Island of Hawaii .
A luau is a feast of life , companionship and great food !
Try popular Hawaiian delicacies , such as lomi lomi salmon , kalua pig and island fish , or savor all - time American favorites .
The luau feast also includes tropical cocktails and of course dessert , usually a variety of delicious cakes .
There is something for everyone – just make sure you arrive hungry !
In addition to the scrumptious luau feast , a luau is also about experiencing Hawaiian culture .
Depending on which luau you plan to visit , you can watch or participate in arts and crafts and other island games .
The luau dinner is followed by a show featuring music and dances from Hawaii and other Polynesian island nations .
Pick your favorite Big Island luau and get your tickets today .
Luaus usually sell out quickly because they are so popular .
Hawaii Discount offers the best prices on all Big Island luaus !
Traditional Luau Food
If you have n't tasted Big Island luau food you 're in for something that 's going to tantalize your palate .
For all you foodies out there , brace yourselves for kalua pork cooked over several hours in the ground , enclosed in hot coals , stones and leaves , soaking in its own juices .
We all know what happens to slow cooked meat where the moisture can't escape .
That 's right .
Fall off the bone , melt in your mouth deliciousness !
If writing letters were still a thing , this would be the thing that you would write home about .
But we wo n't let kalua pig steal the show .
There are many other fine Polynesian fare at Big Island luaus .
You 'll be able to get your hands on lau lau , lomi lomi salmon , haupia pudding , local island fish and poi .
Poi is n't for everyone , but you 'll never know until you try !
Do n't worry , all the food is just dripping with flavor and Aloha , and if Polynesian food is n't your thing , Big Island luaus also serve continental American fare such as prim rib , chicken and vegetables .
One thing is for sure , your stomach is going to be a happy camper after you 've just had the most amazing evening at a Big Island luau !
>> Luau Culture
If you have n't tasted Big Island luau food you 're in for something that 's going to tantalize your palate .
For all you foodies out there , brace yourselves for kalua pork cooked over several hours in the ground , enclosed in hot coals , stones and leaves , soaking in its own juices .
We all know what happens to slow cooked meat where the moisture can't escape .
That 's right .
Fall off the bone , melt in your mouth deliciousness !
If writing letters were still a thing , this would be the thing that you would write home about .
But we wo n't let kalua pig steal the show .
There are many other fine Polynesian fare at Big Island luaus .
You 'll be able to get your hands on lau lau , lomi lomi salmon , haupia pudding , local island fish and poi .
Poi is n't for everyone , but you 'll never know until you try !
Do n't worry , all the food is just dripping with flavor and Aloha , and if Polynesian food is n't your thing , Big Island luaus also serve continental American fare such as prim rib , chicken and vegetables .
One thing is for sure , your stomach is going to be a happy camper after you 've just had the most amazing evening at a Big Island luau !
You know what I 'm going to do once I 've become disgustingly wealthy because of my highly literate work on a major gaming blog ?
I 'm going to buy one of these chairs , sit down and never stand up again for anything ever .
This is an Emperor Workstation , and mere words cannot properly describe its glory .
In addition to the three 19 " synchronized displays , it comes equipped with a 5.1 surround sound system ( using BOSE speakers ) , a lamp which simulates natural light to reduce eye strain and a freakin ' air filtration system .
The plush leather seat can be adjusted in three locations as well as tilting the entire unit back or forwards for maximum comfort using a touchscreen control panel .
Oh , and did I mention that the thing rotates ?
Yeah , it comes pre-programmed to turn 360 degrees over an eight - hour period in the event you 've positioned it near a window and need to avoid irritating glare from the sun .
And the monitor arm retracts to let you out of your awesome alien pod in the event that your house is on fire and you value your life more than the chair .
The Emperor is not cheap by any stretch of the imagination and retails for just under $ 40,000 .
So let 's get those pageviews crackin ' , folks .
My La-Z-Boy is looking a little ragged and I 'd like to replace it with this bad boy as quickly as possible .
Click to open photo gallery :
After being inspired by this fantastic genetic algorithm demo , I decided to get learning .
For my first attempt at anything like this , I found an excellent guide [ 1 ] and programmed the example .
The algorithm had the task of making an equation that equalled a goal number .
So , for example , I might tell it “ Make me an equation nine long that creates 13 ” , and it could come back with ( 1 * 9 + 2 + 6 - 4 ) .
It took quite a while to get it working since the algorithm is n’t deterministic I found the code quite hard to debug .
It all works well now though , and I ’m quite pleased with the code , it ’s clean , and I managed to optimise it to run a lot faster .
( defvar * genes * ' (( 0 ( 0 0 0 0 ) ) ( 1 ( 0 0 0 1 ) ) ( 2 ( 0 0 1 0 ) ) ( 3 ( 0 0 1 1 ) ) ( 4 ( 0 1 0 0 ) ) ( 5 ( 0 1 0 1 ) ) ( 6 ( 0 1 1 0 ) ) ( 7 ( 0 1 1 1 ) ) ( 8 ( 1 0 0 0 ) ) ( 9 ( 1 0 0 1 ) ) ( + ( 1 0 1 0 ) ) ( - ( 1 0 1 1 ) ) ( * ( 1 1 1 1 ) ) ( / ( 1 1 0 1 ) ) ) ) ( defvar * mutation - rate * 0.001 ) ( defvar * crossover - rate * 0.7 ) ( defun random - item ( list )
" Take a list and return one item from it at random " ( nth ( random ( length list ) ) list ) ) ( defun generate - random - chromosome ( size ) ( loop for i from 1 to size append ( cadr ( random - item * genes * ) ) ) ) ( defun decode - gene ( gene ) ( car ( rassoc gene * genes * : key # ' car : test #' equal ) ) ) ( defun decode - chromosome ( chromosome ) ( remove nil ( loop for ( a b c d ) on chromosome by #' cddddr collect ( decode - gene ( list a b c d ) ) ) ) ) ; FIXME x / 0 is silently dropped and operator precedence is n't correct ( defun find - answer ( dc ) " Find the answer given by a decoded - chromosome " ( cond ( ( not ( consp dc ) ) dc ) (( < ( list - length dc ) 3 ) ( car ( remove - if - not ' numberp dc ) ) ) (( not ( numberp ( car dc ) ) ) ( find - answer ( cdr dc ) ) ) (( numberp ( cadr dc ) ) ( find - answer ( cons ( car dc ) ( cddr dc ) ) ) ) (( not ( numberp ( caddr dc ) ) ) ( find - answer ( append ( subseq dc 0 2 ) ( cdddr dc ) ) ) ) (( and ( eql '/ ( cadr dc ) ) ( eql 0 ( caddr dc ) ) ) ( find - answer ( cons ( car dc ) ( cddr dc ) ) ) ) ( t ( let ( ( simplified ( eval ( list ( cadr dc ) ( car dc ) ( caddr dc ) ) ) ) ) ( if ( consp ( cdddr dc ) ) ( find - answer ( cons simplified ( cdddr dc ) ) ) simplified ) ) ) ) ) ( defun count - flaws ( dc )
" Return the number of items in a chromosome which are semantically wrong e.g. '(* / +) would be 3 " ( let ( ( should - be - number t ) ( flaw - count 0 ) ) ( loop for gene in dc if ( not ( eql ( numberp gene ) should - be- number ) ) do ( incf flaw - count ) do ( setf should - be - number ( if should - be - number nil t ) ) ) flaw - count ) ) ; FIXME - 100 is given to all symbol chromosomes , probably a bad idea ?
( defun fitness ( chromosome goal ) " Return a fitness based on the distance from the answer and the number of flaws " ( let ( ( answer ( find - answer ( decode - chromosome chromosome ) ) ) ) ( if ( numberp answer ) ( let ( ( distance ( abs ( - goal answer ) ) ) ( flaws ( count - flaws ( decode - chromosome chromosome ) ) ) ) ( + ( if ( eql distance 0 ) 0 ( / 1 distance ) ) ( if ( eql flaws 0 ) 0 ( / 1 flaws ) ) ) ) - 100 ) ) ) ( defun pool - fitness ( pool goal ) ( loop for chromosome in pool collect ( fitness chromosome goal ) ) ) ( defun mutate - bit ( bit )
" Take a 1 or 0 and mutate it . " ( if ( < ( random 1.0 ) * mutation - rate* ) ( if ( eql bit 0 ) 1 0 ) bit ) ) ( defun mutate ( chromosome ) " Returns a possibly mutated version of chromosome " ( loop for bit in chromosome collect ( mutate - bit bit ) ) ) ( defun crossover ( first second ) " Returns a mix of two chromosomes ( might be the same ) " ( if ( < ( random 1.0 ) * crossover - rate * ) ( let ( ( point ( + ( random ( - ( length first ) 1 ) ) 1 ) ) ) ( append ( subseq first 0 point ) ( subseq second point ) ) ) ( random - item ( list first second ) ) ) ) ( defun make - roulette - wheel ( fitness ) ( let * ( ( total - fitness ( reduce #' + fitness ) ) ( total - probability 0.0 ) ) ( append ( loop for x in fitness collect total - probability do ( incf total - probability ( / x total - fitness ) ) ) ' ( 1.0 ) ) ) ) ( defun spin - the - wheel ( pool roulette - wheel ) ( let ( ( ball ( random 1.0 ) ) ) ( declare ( type float ball ) ) ( loop for chromosome in pool for ( position next - pos ) of - type ( float float ) on roulette - wheel if ( <= ball next - pos ) do ( return chromosome ) ) ) ) ( defun re-populate ( pool fitness ) ( let ( ( roulette - wheel ( make - roulette - wheel fitness ) ) ) ( loop for i from 1 to ( length pool ) collect ( mutate ( crossover ( spin - the - wheel pool roulette - wheel ) ( spin - the - wheel pool roulette - wheel ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun create - initial - pool ( pool - size chromosome - size ) ( loop for i from 1 to pool - size collect ( generate - random - chromosome chromosome - size ) ) ) ( defun find - best - chromosome ( pool fitness )
" Returns the fittest chromosome in the pool . " ( let ( ( best - score ) ( best - chromosome ) ) ( loop for chromosome in pool for score in fitness do ( when ( or ( equalp score 0 ) ( not best - score ) ( > score best - score ) ) ( setf best - score score ) ( setf best - chromosome chromosome ) ) ) ( values best - chromosome best - score ) ) ) ( defun there - is - a - winner ( pool fitness )
" If any of the chromosomes in the pool have the answer return the first one that does . " ( let ( ( winner ( position 0 fitness ) ) ) ( if winner ( nth winner pool ) ) ) ) ( defun display - turn ( pool fitness turn ) ( multiple - value - bind ( chromosome score ) ( find - best - chromosome pool fitness ) ( let ( ( avg - fitness ( / ( reduce #' + fitness ) ( + 1 ( length pool ) ) ) ) ( * print - pretty * nil ) ) ( format t " ~a - Average Fitness : ~F Best : ~w ( fitness ~F ) ~ % " turn avg - fitness ( decode - chromosome chromosome ) score ) ) ) ) ( defun genetic - algorithm ( goal pop-size chromosome - size tries ) ( let ( ( pool ( create - initial - pool pop- size chromosome - size ) ) ( fitness ) ) ( loop for i from 1 to tries do ( setf fitness ( pool - fitness pool goal ) ) if ( there - is - a - winner pool fitness ) return it do ( display - turn pool fitness i ) do ( setf pool ( re-populate pool fitness ) ) finally ( return ( find - best - chromosome pool fitness ) ) ) ) ) ( defun skynet ( &key goal pop-size chromosome - size tries mutation - rate crossover - rate ) ( let ( ( best ( genetic - algorithm goal pop- size chromosome - size tries ) ) ( * print - pretty * nil ) ( * mutation - rate * mutation - rate ) ( * crossover - rate * crossover - rate ) ) ( format t " ~w gave ~F ( Aim was ~ A ) " ( decode - chromosome best ) ( find - answer ( decode - chromosome best ) ) goal ) ) ) ;
Sensible parameter values according to t'internet : ; - 0.1 to 0.001 for mutation rate ; - 0.7 to 0.9 for crossover rate ( skynet : goal 13 : pop - size 100 :chromosome - size 9 : tries 200 :mutation - rate 0.001 : crossover - rate 0.7 )
As always feel free to use the code , any feedback would be useful .
Next up I ’m going to apply GA to a more interesting problem .
Cheers , Dave .
Edit : I optimised the code by using the SBCL profiler to see what was slowing things down .
It turned out that the spin - the - wheel function was taking about 92 % of the time with the functions it called .
Firstly I examined the function and realised I could reduce the comparisons , that reduced it to about 87 % .
Next , the guys in #lisp explained that I should declare the variables in that function as float ’s so that SBCL could optimise things for me .
When I tried that it reduced the time spent in spin - the - wheel down to around 36 % !
I found it surprising that the ‘ roulette wheel spinning ’ function that we use to select chromosomes for crossover was the most computationally intensive part of the code .
I ’m curious to know if that ’s normal .
Also if you have any idea how I could optimise more I would be grateful , here is the profiler output .
[ 1 ] - According to the comments the guide is teaching very out of date methods , possibly consider a different source of information !
Edit : Before I replaced WordPress there were some excellent comments :
Foo said
That tutorial is really quite astonishingly crappy .
So what I ’m going to say is obviously exaggeration but is close to the truth : ( 1 ) NO ONE has done roulette selection in the last ten years .
Tournament selection , truncation selection , etc. , yes .
Roulette selection ?
Laughable .
( 2 ) NO ONE has done binary encodings of non-binary problems in the last ten years .
You use an encoding which matches your actual problem .
( 3 ) NO ONE does one - point crossover any more .
A parametrisation uniform crossover .
Or at LEAST , heaven forbid , a two - point crossover .
( 4 ) NO ONE does genetic programming ( the little encoding of math the guy ’s showing ) in a fixed - length string .
It borders on the hilariously ignorant .
Hey , it ’s all fine if you ’re doing this for the first time , and you go pick up a 1970 book on genetic algorithms and publish a web page on how you coded it up .
But to claim that you ’re doing a TUTORIAL ?
This guy should have been taken out behind the shed and shot .
Dominic Said
Harris County fire uncovers complex marijuana operation 200 marijuana plants found at Harris County warehouse
Authorities discovered about 200 marijuana plants at a north Harris County warehouse while putting out a small fire at the facility Monday afternoon , officials said .
Harris County sheriff 's deputies and a local fire department responded to a call about a possible electrical fire at a warehouse in the 15300 block of Chaplin around 2 p.m , said Sheriff 's Office spokesman Lt. John Legg .
When authorities arrived at the warehouse — described as a three - bay mechanical garage — a key holder let them onto the fenced - in property , where firefighters located and extinguished a small smoldering fire on a power supply box on the exterior of the building , Legg said .
Firefighters wanted to check inside the building to ensure that nothing else was smoldering , but the key holder was reluctant to let them inside , Legg said .
Eventually , the man did .
As authorities entered , he left .
" They turned around and he was gone , " Legg said .
Inside , authorities found about 200 potted marijuana plants along with a greenhouse system that included special heating and insulation , grow lights and an internal irrigation system , Legg said .
A canine unit was called to check for narcotics in a second warehouse on the property , Legg said .
Both warehouses use the same electrical feed , he said .
Legg said authorities also were trying to obtain a search warrant .
Neighbors told investigators the second warehouse had just recently been built .
``Fortunately , we discovered this operation in the early stages , '' Legg said .
Investigators were trying to locate the property owner .
No charges had been filed .
Former Chief Rabbi Mordechai Eliyahu , recovering from a life - threatening disease , prayed several times at the Tomb of the Biblical Matriarch Rachel before the recent war in Gaza .
Informed that an “ old woman ” saved IDF soldiers ’ lives in Gaza , he said , “ Did she mention that I sent her ? ”
The story was first told by Rabbi Lazer Brody , a rabbi in Ashdod who “ devotes his time to spreading faith around the globe via Breslov Israel and the Emuna Outreach organization ” that he founded .
Rabbi Brody told Israel National
News that he receives many phone calls in the framework of his work – including a particularly noteworthy one about two weeks ago .
“ The caller , an Israeli man , was clearly knowledgeable about how IDF infantry troops operate , ” the rabbi and former IDF special - unit veteran said , “ and this is what he told me : ”
‘ My son is in the Givati Brigade , and his unit ’s job is to clean out areas around Gaza City .
Outside one house , a woman dressed in black appeared and started yelling at them in Arabic , ‘ Ruchu min hon – Get out of here !
It ’s dangerous ! ’
The troops thought she might be trying to protect her family , but they did n’t want to take chances ; the company commander called the regiment commander , and they went on to their next target .
There , too , the same woman appeared and gave the same warning .
The soldiers thought she probably came somehow through the tunnel network that Hamas had set up between houses , and one of the soldiers even yelled at her …
Then they went to a third house – and the same woman appeared again .
This time , all the soldiers froze .
‘ The soldiers then hooked up with a Golani Engineering force whose job it was to blow up houses that were found to be booby - trapped .
My son ’s unit asked them to check these three houses – and they found that all three of the houses that the woman had warned them away from had been booby - trapped . ”
The story did not receive high - level confirmation , though it made the ranks of the rumor mills - and many dismissed it as just that .
Then , on Monday night of this week , Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu , the Chief Rabbi of Tzfat and son of former Chief Rabbi of Israel Mordechai Eliyahu , was teaching students in Machon Meir in Jerusalem about the sublime level of soldiers fighting on behalf of Israel .
In this connection , he said :
“ There are soldiers who have been telling that in some places where they went in , there was a woman who told them not to enter certain buildings because they were booby - trapped , and that she said her name was Rachel ...
I asked a certain Yeshiva dean about this story , and he told me that it was n’t a ‘ made - up story , ’ but that he actually knew one of the soldiers involved , and he told me his name .
Click here to hear Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu telling the story in Hebrew
" Then the Yeshiva dean asked me if it was in any way connected with the fact that my father , Rabbi [ Mordechai ]
Eliyahu , had left the hospital before the war and went to pray not once , not twice , but three times at Rachel ’s Tomb , and went nowhere else to pray ?
I told him I did n’t know , but that I would ask .
“ In truth , I was a little bit afraid to ask him , because he usually dismisses these kinds of stories …
But I decided to go , and I asked him , ‘ Do you remember that you told us one time about Rabbi Shalom Mutzafi , of blessed memory , during World War II , when the Germans seemed about to enter the Holy Land , and he prayed at Kever Rachel against the decree , and he said that he actually saw Rachel praying .
[ My father ] said yes , he remembers .
“ So I told him about this story that I had heard , and I asked him , ‘ Should we believe it ?
Is it truth ? ’
And he said , ' Yes , it ’s true . ’
I asked him to explain , and he said - in these words : ' I told her : Rachel , a war is on !
Do n’t withhold your voice from crying [ based on Jeremiah 31,14 - 16 ] !
Go before G-d , and pray for the soldiers , who are sacrificing themselves for the Nation of Israel , that they should strike - and not be stricken . '
" I told him , “ Well , you should know that she really did that . ”
So he asked , “ Did she mention that I sent her ? ”
“ Everyone should then make his own calculation , ” Rabbi Eliyahu the son then continued .
“ If this is the great level of the soldiers , and if this is the great power of prayer , then how can anyone say anything against them ?... ”
According to The PirateBay.org download page , which relates to the torrent I am trying to download , 2781 people who have successfully downloaded the file in question are sharing their connection with a further 19505 people .
But , as you can see from this …
… I am only able to connect to 8 of those peers , despite having Transmission set - up like so …
.. with the bandwidth throttle set to upload at 20 kbps ( 20 kbps less than my theoretical maximum upstream ) .
Can anyone who knows how BitTorrent really works , tell me and everyone else how best to set up the client and why a file that has so many people sharing it can have such a poor estimated time of completion .
TIA
Melissa E. Oâ€ ™Neill , The Genuine Sieve of Eratosthenes .
A much beloved and widely used example showing the elegance and simplicity of lazy functional programming represents itself as " The Sieve of Eratosthenes . "
This paper shows that this example is not the sieve and presents an implementation that actually is .
Starting with the classic one - liner sieve ( p : xs ) = p : sieve [ x | x <- xs , x â€˜modâ€ ˜ p > 0 ]
O'Neill proceeds to show why this standard rendition of the Sieve of Eratosthenes does not in fact " cross - off " the multiples of each prime in the same way the " real " Sieve does .
She notes that " Some readers may feel that despite all of these concerns , the earlier algorithm is somehow â€œmorallyâ€ the Sieve of Eratosthenes .
I would argue , however , that they are confusing a mathematical abstraction drawn from the Sieve of Eratosthenes with the actual algorithm .
The algorithmic details , such as how you remove all the multiples of 17 , matter . "
A fun read .
Bal Thackeray , the leader of another Hindu hard - line group , the Shiv Sena , wrote in June in the group ’s weekly magazine that Hindus should defend themselves from Islamist attacks by forming their own squads of suicide bombers .
“ The threat of Islamic terror in India is rising , ” Mr. Thackeray wrote , according to a translation from the Marathi language that was published in The Hindu , a national English - language daily .
“ It is time to counter the same with Hindu terror .
Hindu suicide squads should be readied to ensure the existence of Hindu society and to protect the nation . ”
Prosecutors said that investigators of the Malegaon bombing on Sept. 29 traced a motorcycle at the site of the explosion , apparently used to plant the bomb , to a Hindu nun named Pragya Singh Thakur , 37 , who lives nearby in Gujarat State .
While in college , Ms. Thakur was a member of the student wing of the Bharatiya Janata Party , according to Vishnu Dutt Sharma , a senior leader of the student wing .
Mr. Sharma described Ms. Thakur as “ aggressive in her speeches and work . ”
She was religious and studious , Mr. Sharma said , and did postgraduate work in history .
During a pilgrimage in 2007 , Ms. Thakur renounced a worldly life and became a nun , or a sadhvi in Hindi , cutting her hair short and donning orange robes , the sacred color of Hinduism , according to a brother - in - law , Bhagwan Jha .
After she became a nun , her name was changed to Purnachetnanand Giri , which means complete consciousness .
Ms. Thakur ’s lawyer , Naveen Chomal , said she had done nothing wrong and that the police had arrested her only because her motorcycle was found at the site of the bombing .
The police have said they also have taped telephone conversations in which Ms. Thakur wondered aloud why the Malegaon bombing had not inflicted a higher death toll .
Image Pragya Singh Thakur , shown in 2007 , has been arrested in a September bombing .
Credit ... Associated Press
Some people have begun to treat the suspects as heroic figures .
Several Hindu organizations have rallied to Ms. Thakur ’s side , contributing to a fund for her legal defense .
Much of Gaza 's public infrastructure has been destroyed and the territory is in a " critical emergency " after seven days of devastating bombing with air strikes averaging one every 20 minutes , the UN said yesterday .
Israel yesterday targeted the homes of more than a dozen Hamas figures and destroyed a mosque in Gaza .
A young boy was killed by an Israeli bomb east of Gaza City and three children died in the southern town of Khan Yunis .
The military said it hit 35 targets , including homes , smuggling tunnels and buildings storing weapons .
Despite Israel 's insistence that there was no humanitarian crisis , senior UN officials in Jerusalem said there were shortages of food , water , medical supplies and even cash .
" By any definition this is a humanitarian crisis and more , " said Max Gaylard , the UN humanitarian co-ordinator for the Palestinians .
He said there had been on average one air strike every 20 minutes since the bombing began , intensifying at night and covering the whole Gaza Strip .
The death toll in Gaza climbed to more than 400 dead and at least 1,700 injured .
The UN said it believed a quarter of the dead were civilians .
Palestinian militants in Gaza continued to fire rockets into southern Israel , where four people have been killed in the week since Israel 's bombing began .
Israeli officials briefly opened the Erez border crossing to allow out from Gaza about 300 Palestinians with foreign passports .
Foreign journalists were still banned from entry .
Israeli tanks , troops and armoured vehicles remain in position on the border ready for a possible ground offensive , although there was no indication when that might start or how large it might be .
Robert Serry , the UN special co-ordinator for the Middle East , blamed the conflict on " the irresponsibility of Hamas rocket attacks and the excessiveness of Israel 's response " .
He said a ceasefire was needed to halt the violence but added : " We must create new conditions on the ground to ensure this does not happen again . "
Serry said the Palestinian Authority , now run by Fatah , would have to take control of the crossings in Gaza , even though the strip is under the control of Hamas and the factions are bitter rivals .
Asked if there would in future be international peacekeepers or monitors in Gaza , he said : " We have to look into possibilities like an international presence . "
Gaza 's sole power plant has not worked since Monday because Israel has halted deliveries of industrial diesel .
Hospitals are overwhelmed and there is not enough wheat grain for UN food deliveries , UN officials said .
A cash shortage in Gaza meant the UN could not continue cash assistance to 95,000 of the very poor .
It could only meet half its December staff salary payments and was reduced to bartering with flour in some instances .
In Israel , the conflict has improved the political fortunes of Ehud Barak , the defence minister , whose Labour party has climbed in opinion polls this week to a stronger third position .
The foreign minister , Tzipi Livni , of the Kadima party , has now drawn level in the polls with Binyamin Netanyahu , the Likud opposition leader , who had been a clear favourite to win February 's general elections .
Pegatron has been pretty quiet ever since it split off from ASUS to do ODM stuff all by its lonesome -- which is sort of the idea , since Pegatron 's mainly doing the behind - the - scenes manufacturing .
We 're glad , however , that the company peeked out of its shell to show off these new Freescale - based netbooks .
The Linux - running laptops boast 8.9 - inch screens , 8 hour battery life , 8GB of storage and projected retail prices around $ 199 , while the nettop holds similar power in a pico - style form factor .
Under the hood is Freescale 's brand new ARM i.MX515 processor , which is a 1GHz chip that 's described as basically being three times faster than the iPhone .
The win here is that the chip draws very little power and generates very little heat , allowing Pegatron to squeeze impressive battery life out of a very thin form factor .
Freescale is working with Ubuntu to prep an ARM - Linux distro , which will hit in May , and Adobe will have an ARM happy version of Flash 10 sometime this year .
Supplementing the processor are chips for DSP , 2D , 3D and 720 p acceleration , which switch on and off as needed -- we saw the computer in action playing 720 p video smoothly while drawing a mere 0.5 watts and not even feeling warm to the touch .
The limitation here is obviously straight - up processing power -- it 's not very impressive , and certainly slower than Intel 's Atom -- but for running an optimized Linux build and surfing the web or watching a vid , Pegatron and Freescale might 've just found a new portability sweetspot .
They 're hoping to have an OEM pick these up around May or June sometime .
Coming from the safety of my computer and my home where no bears are in sight , these safety tips may lack the urgency they should .
They do however , emanate from some research on this very terrifying prospect , and if you are a hiker or a camper or even just a lover of the great outdoors , heed them well .
You never know .
The life you save may well be your own .
The best advice for confrontations with bears concerns avoiding them .
Do not be a quiet camper or hiker .
Make noise and be alert always .
Hike in groups and if you are in a camp , always store trash at least ten feet off the ground .
Every bear encounter is different , and no advice can guarantee your safety .
These guidelines , however , may be of some help .
According to the Alaska Interagency Bear Safety Education Committee , the first step in evaluating a safety strategy is to determine whether a bear is acting defensively or offensively .
A defensive bear is one you have surprised and this may lead to a rapid attack .
If attacked , drop immediately to the ground , lie flat and protect your head and neck .
Play dead even after the bear leaves .
An offensive bear is one that appears to be stalking or moving purposefully toward you , or has come into camp at night .
According to bear experts , attacks are rare in these instances , but make loud noises and wave your arms about before the bear makes contact should this happen .
If the bear does strike or bite , aggressively fight it off with any means at your disposal .
It ’s always best to be like the Boy Scouts ; prepared .
Most encounters between bears and humans concern mothers and cubs , which brings us to rule # 1 .
1. Never approach a bear cub .
Mama is always nearby and will kill to protect it .
2. Remain calm if you spot a bear and avoid sudden or jerky movements .
Back away slowly and speak softly .
( Forget about that big stick and Teddy Roosevelt .
He is dead and cannot be there with you . )
3 . If you see a bear far off in the distance , stop moving in its direction .
Slowly return down the path the way you came for at least 400 yards until you are certain that the bear is out of sight .
Make as much noise as you can while you either pursue another trail to get to your destination or wait about twenty minutes before hiking back up the original trail .
4. Avoid eye contact .
In the animal world , this is considered a challenge and no matter how cute the bear looks , it is no teddy bear !
5 . If the bear pursues you , throw something on the ground as it may distract the bear and give you time to run like hell .
Do n’t make it your backpack , as this can offer protection .
Something portable , such as a camera , is fine .
6 . Do not opt to climb a tree even if you are limber enough to do so .
Black bears can climb and if you are both at the top , there ’s no place to go .
To compound matters , many trees found in “ grizzly country ” have weak trunks and lack low branches which translates literally into falling into the “ belly of the beast . ”
7 . If a bear does attack you , drop to the ground in the fetal position with your hands behind your neck .
Stay silent and do n’t move .
( You might want to pray too , even if you are not very religious . )
8 . Roll with the bear ’s blows and return to your motionless fetal position .
9 . This is most important and may well be the single factor that will save your life if you are attacked by a bear .
Stay quiet and motionless for at least 20 minutes once the bear leaves because they often watch from a distance and return at the first sign of movement .
10 .
Fight back only as a last resort .
If you can get to your feet , strike the bear in the eyes or on the snout as you slowly back away .
It is hoped that these tips will never be needed , but record them somewhere in the back of your mind anyway .
It not only gives you an edge over the bear , but you never know what lies down the road and the life you save someday may well be your own .
Prostate cancer may be linked to sex hormones
Men who are more sexually active in their 20s and 30s may run a higher risk of prostate cancer , research suggests .
The Nottingham University study quizzed 800 men on how often they had sex or masturbated .
Those who were most active while younger had more chance of developing cancer later in life .
The researchers said higher levels of sex hormones could lead to a bigger sex drive and the cancer , the journal BJU International reported .
Hormones appear to play a key role in prostate cancer
Dr Polyxeni Dimitropoulou
Study leader Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK , with well over 30,000 new cases diagnosed each year .
It affects the prostate gland , which is found close to the bladder and makes a component of semen .
The Nottingham team , led by Dr Polyxeni Dimitropoulou , recruited more than 400 men diagnosed with prostate cancer , then compared their answers to 409 men thought to be free of the disease .
As well as questions about how often they had been sexually active from puberty onwards , they were asked how many sexual partners they had had and whether they had been diagnosed with any sexual infections .
Roughly the same proportion of both groups , 59 % , said they had engaged in sexual activity 12 times a month or more in their 20s , falling to 48 % in their 30s , 28 % in their 40s and 13 % in their 50s .
Almost two - fifths of the prostate cancer group had had six female partners or more , compared with less than a third of the non-cancer group .
Frequency risk
There was also a difference among the men who masturbated or had sex the most often , with 40 % of men in the cancer group being sexually active 20 times a month or more in their 20s , compared with 32 % in the non-cancer group .
The gap between the two groups narrowed as the men aged , suggesting that the difference was strongest at a younger age .
Dr Dimitropoulou said : " What makes our study stand out from previous research is that we focused on a younger age group than normal and included both intercourse and masturbation at various stages in the participants ' lives . "
He said that it was possible that higher levels of sex hormones in some men were both responsible for a high sex drive in their 20s and 30s , and for the development of prostate cancer later on .
" Hormones appear to play a key role in prostate cancer and it is very common to treat men with therapy to reduce the hormones thought to stimulate the cancer cells . "
She said that the reasons why the connection between sexual activity and prostate risk appeared to diminish with advancing age was not clear , although other studies have suggested that sexual activity releases toxins from the gland .
John Neate , chief executive of The Prostate Cancer Charity , said that while the study was useful , its findings would need to be backed by more evidence before they could be accepted He said : " The role of sexual activity is becoming an increasing focus for prostate cancer research but unfortunately this study does little to offer any practical advice to men wishing to reduce their risk of the disease .
" The study is retrospective , and asks men to complete a questionnaire about their sexual history .
" However , in relying on men to recall information from 20 or 30 years previously , it is likely that there will be some inaccuracy in the data collected as men either consciously or unconsciously forget some detail which could compromise their findings .
" The sample used in the study is also relatively small , making it difficult to draw any universal conclusions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Layoffs In Venture Capital
I just got off the phone with a friend who is founder / CEO of an early stage medical device company .
His company is doing well and recently received a couple of term sheets for his first institutional round .
As he was going through the process of negotiating with the potential investors , he said they were trying to set his expectations low .
He told me a story about how one investor recounted tales of startups making mass layoffs , cutting back everywhere and generally dire conditions ( basically sending the message that he should be happy to be getting an offer ) .
So my friend responded , “ Wow , that sounds terrible .
This must be really affecting you badly … how many people have you had to layoff here ? ”
The VC stared at him with a bewildered look .
But it ’s not so far fetched though that layoffs will soon be coming to venture capital .
We ’re already starting to see layoffs at the large private equity funds where Blackstone , Carlyle and American Capital announced staff cuts between 7 % and 19 % in December .
A survey of 400 venture capitalists found that 60 % predicted a drop greater than 10 % in 2009 venture funding ( below I ’ve embedded the full presentation ) .
The take away here is expect to see cuts of at least 10 % in 2009 .
Those first to be cut will be the associates and principals at the larger funds , but expect to see some partners leaving as well .
What does this mean for entrepreneurs and is there anything you should be doing to prepare ?
The worst situation is if you have a partner on your board and that person leaves the fund and is replaced by an associate or principal .
That means your board member ( i.e. your advocate within the fund ) will have a hard time supporting you ( heck , they wo n’t even be invited to the partner ’s meeting where funding decisions are made ) .
In this scenario you want to fight hard to get an “ upgrade ” to a partner and talk to your other board members about whether you can downgrade the offender to an observer ( or kick them off the board all together ) if you ’re stuck with a junior person .
Your other remaining VC board members will have aligned interests with you on this and may even see it as an opportunity to cramdown the offending investor .
The other more proactive thing you can do is to develop relationships with other partners at the fund ( other than the one who sits on your board ) .
My own experience was that I would meet with partners other than my own usually just once per year which is what will happen if you ’re not proactive .
Having relationships with more than one partner will help you have a “ plan B ” in case your current partner leaves but it ’ll also help you in other ways ( like being more of a known quantity when discussions about funding come up ) .
People are always kinder to someone they know than just names on paper .
CNN has published the results of a telephone survey of 1,100 people that show 61 % of those polled oppose government assistance for U.S. automakers .
In addition , 70 % of respondents believe that a " bailout " is unfair to taxpayers and a majority believe it would not help the economy .
CNN notes that its results may reflect the result of " bailout fatigue " on the American public , which is understandable considering the hundreds of billions that have been handed out so far by the U.S. government , without the cumbersome process of Congressional hearings mind you , to financial institutions .
The Detroit 3 automakers are just concluding their first day of a second round of Senate hearings in which they 're asking for anywhere from $ 18 to $ 34 billion in government loans .
We 've been watching the hearings all day on CSPAN , and aside from being very sleepy now , are not convinced yet that these automakers will receive the aid they seek .
But , we 're interested to hear what you think , and since you probably did n't receive a call from a CNN pollster this past week , you can take our poll below .
[ Source : [ Source : CNN Money , Photo by Chip Somodevilla / Getty ]
Infowars
December 19 , 2008
Here is the link to download the video if you wish to upload it to your channel :
http://uploading.com/files/G0WUFBYI/Y... Boycott December 19th 2008.avi.html
** Special Thanks Goes Out To dekionplexis for providing the link !
Thanks for all of your hard work dekionplexis !**
Here is another direct download link as well :
http://files.filefront.com/YouTube+Bo...
Thanks goes to figonapetter for the link above 🙂
Here is yet another link 🙂
http://rapidshare.com/files/172375736...
Credit for this link goes to Jonas from the channel SCX2 k .
Thanks ! 🙂
We want to thank Andie Tang for creating a FaceBook event to further spread the message of this movement .
The FaceBook event is called Boycott Youtube December 19th for Free Speech .
Please join the event if you wish to attend , and share this with all of your contacts 🙂
Thanks !
Andy .
We urge everyone on YouTube to participate in a blackout on December 19th 2008 .
We have chosen this date because we needed enough time after this video was posted to gather enough attention and supporters in order to have an effect on the traffic on YouTube .
So we figured almost two weeks from now would be a credible amount of time .
The blackout can last how ever long each user feels is appropriate .
We sincerely hope that everyone who is watching joins us on that day for this civil protest .
Please do not forget that all of your clicks and video posts made this site what it is today .
Without your clicks , watches , and videos there would be no YouTube .
Thank You .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Demand for Japanese exports has fallen sharply Japan 's industrial output declined 9.6 % in December - the biggest contraction since records began - as exports slumped due to the global downturn .
Japan 's Economics Minister Kaoru Yosano said the situation was unprecedented and that the drop in factory output " was likely to continue " .
The unemployment rate also rose in December to 4.4 % , a three - year high .
Official figures showed that 2.7 million people in Japan were without work , 400,000 more than a year ago .
' Bold steps ' Japan 's economy slipped into its first recession in seven years in the third quarter of last year .
We must watch if a worsening of the economy pushes Japan into a deflationary spiral
Tatsushi Shikano , Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Hitachi cutting 7,000 jobs Exports have dropped as worldwide demand for Japanese products , such as cars and electrical equipment , has fallen sharply .
Prime Minister Taro
Aso has told parliament he will take bold steps to ensure Japan is the first country to emerge from the global crisis .
The slump in industrial output knocked confidence among Japanese investors , and the country 's main Nikkei index ended Friday down 3 % or 257 points at 7,994 .
Deflation fears Official data also showed a big drop in the rate of inflation , increasing the likelihood of deflation .
Honda is just one of a growing number of Japanese firms to see falling sales Japan 's annual core consumer inflation slowed to 0.2 % in December from 1 % in November .
Economists fear falling prices will deter consumers from making major purchases , ultimately worsening the recession .
The Bank of Japan has already warned that deflation will be a risk until 2011 and has cut interest rates to just above zero .
" Weakness in the overall economy will persist in January - March , and the degree of worsening depends much on how exports turn out , " said Tatsushi Shikano , senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Securities .
" It is already a consensus view that core consumer inflation will turn negative soon , but we must watch if a worsening of the economy pushes Japan into a deflationary spiral even though the Bank of Japan sees no signs of that happening right now . "
Big losses
The gloomy official economic data came as three more Japanese companies reported poor financial figures .
Honda , the country 's second - largest carmaker , said profit plunged 89 % in the third quarter as global sales slowed sharply .
The company made a net profit of 20.24bn yen ( $ 226 m ; £ 158 m ) in the three months to the end of December , compared with 200bn yen a year earlier .
Meanwhile , electronics and engineering group Hitachi warned that it now expects to make a loss of 700bn yen for the financial year to 31 March .
All Nippon Airways , the country 's second - largest carrier , said it expects to report its first annual loss in six years .
Their reports came a day after both Sony and Toshiba warned that they would make an annual loss , while Nintendo cut its profit forecast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Are Black Women Getting Smaller ?
One study says black women are growing up to be shorter , but ca n't explain why .
Dec. 30 , 2008  --
An economist in Germany has noticed a curious trend among Americans :
For the past 50 years , black women have been shrinking with each new generation .
Young black women today are nearly an inch shorter than white women their age and about half an inch shorter than black women born in the late 60s , according to an analysis of CDC data by John Komlos , a professor of economics at the University of Munich in Germany .
Heights by gender , class and race in Komlos ' study rise and drop in waves over the years , but on the whole , every other group besides black women has remained the same height or gotten taller than their parents since the 60s .
Public health experts can't say exactly what 's behind the reduced height , but medical anthropologists , economists and epidemiologists agree that whatever the cause is , it 's important .
" A measure of height takes into a number of aspects that money alone does n't measure , " Komlos said .
" It 's sort of an overall indicator of well - being . "
What Your Height Means
" Height basically tracks your health ... it 's all a big combination .
It 's everything , " said Sharon Williams , a biological anthropologist and assistant professor at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Ind .
Genes play a big role , but nutrition , activity and the number of illnesses can all influence a person 's final height .
A malnourished child will have stunted growth , but higher body fat in girls leads to earlier puberty , which draws the time for a child to grow taller to a close .
" Add on top of that , psychological health and psychosocial health , " Williams said .
The psychological impact can take time to build .
First , a person may become stressed for a period of time , which biologically weakens their immune system .
The person may then catch more colds and illnesses , and over a period of a childhood and adolescence , their bodies spend more time fighting disease than growing .
" Height is a really good indicator that anthropologists and social scientists and also the medical community use , " Williams said .
Height Difference Between Races
Williams has seen evidence of a height gap among black women in her own work , but Komlos ' large analysis only left her with more questions than answers .
" It does n't give us any of the really interesting information about why , " said Williams , who noted it 's a wide net to divide all of America , with so many different cultures and lifestyles , into two racial groups .
" This is a statistical study that really misses out on what 's going on .
...
It 's what we do now , but it is n't the best thing , " she said .
" What 's more interesting to me is what 's going on in a small scale , in small communities . "
Searching for answers about Americans ' height can get even more complicated , depending on which study you choose .
A study released in October by the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( NHANES ) compared heights of black women across 10 - year age periods , instead of five , as Komlos does .
That study did n't show a height difference across young adult and middle - aged black women .
" They look the same , the mean is identical , " said Cynthia Ogden , an epidemiologist at NHANES in Washington , D.C .
According to Ogden , how frequently the government took surveys , how the government defined race , and which ages the government chose to include has changed periodically since the 1970s .
" So , I think it 's very hard for me to give an easy answer about anything , " Ogden said .
Such changes were precisely why Komlos said he compared and contrasted the NHANES numbers .
He had noticed the beginnings of this trend in past research , and only found enough data to show a shrinking stature among black women in the October study .
" They ( the CDC ) collect millions of data on different kinds of information from blood pressure to whatever have you , " Komlos said .
" Height is not something that is of particular interest to them , it seems to me . "
However , even Komlos thinks there is more research and analysis to be done to determine what the height disparity found in his study might mean .
For example , why the height decline , the study found , is mostly among the lower and middle income group .
Race Only Part of the Picture
Ellen Gruenbaum , a professor and head of the anthropology department at Purdue University , was also curious about how income levels shaped Komlos ' findings .
" Statistics kept by imprecise categories like ' race ' often reflect what are really socioeconomic and lifestyle differences , " she said .
Height , health and socioeconomic status are definitely connected , she added .
Considering that black men have grown taller in recent generations , and now measure an average of a third of an inch shorter than white men , according to Komlos ' study , Gruenbaum hopes researchers follow up with studies about earlier puberty for girls and neighborhoods that promote or do not promote exercise .
" Higher socioeconomic classes generally have safer environments , better schools , more parks and safer streets for play , exercise , walking to school , etc , " Gruenbaum said in an e-mail to ABCNews.com .
" Dangerous neighborhoods , by contrast , lead to children -- especially girls , perhaps -- staying inside more for safety . "
Roasting white chocolate in a low oven ( about 250 - 260 F ) for about an hour gives it a wonderful flavor .
It goes from a pristine white color to a light brown ( depending on how long you roast ) and produces a rich , nutty taste similar to a browned butter , due to the milk solids in the chocolate caramelizing …
I ’m planning to pair this with pink grapefruit ice cream and some candied kumquats !
BY : PCAS
Israeli Genocides , Holocausts & Massacres : 55 Victims in 12 hours , names included
Anna Goldman reports from the Gaza Strip
PCAS : www.freegaza.ps/english
Gaza strip , 1st , March , 2008 , ( PCAS ) -
Since the early morning , the Israeli holocausts against Palestinians have started .
About 10 of freedom fighters died but the majority was 45 victims from civilians .
The holocaust which was declared by Matan Vilnai , Vice Israeli defence ( War ) minister , yesterday is being launched by today morning with confines .
Diverse sorts of weapons , such as F16 and Apaches planes were used .
In addition to using heavy guns , bombs , missiles and cluster bombs as well .
Attalla Family was exposed to a 1 - ton - missle fired by F16 .
The missile destroyed their house which was of 2 floors resulted in killing 4 members including a child .
Around 30 air raids and 50 bombs and artillery shells fired towards the Palestinian civilians .
The Jabalya camp which is the position of the military holocaust is densely populated .
Around 1000 thousands live in about 1 killo meter .
Thus a lot of innocent victims fall quickly .
1- Eyad Al Ashram , Male , 26
2- Musleh Abu Ali , Male , 17
3- Jakline Abu shbak , Female , 17
4- Eyad abu Shabk , Male , 14
5- Basam Muhammad Ubaid , Male , 45
6- Basam Ubaid , Male , 15
7- Hamza
Al jamal , Male , 40
8- Abdallah Abd Rabu , male , 4
9- Ibrahim Alzain , Male , 25
10 - Mustafa Zaghloul , Male , 32
11 - Hamada Abd
Al hameed , male , 29
12 - Saeed
Al hasheem , Male , 23
13 - Husain
Al batsh , Male , 27
14 - Samah Zaydan Asalya , Female , 17
15 - Salwa Zaydan Asalya , Female , 23
16 - Tala't Dardona , Male , 29
17 - Mustafa Abu Jalala , Male , 28
18 - Hasan Safi , Male , 25
19 - Abdallah Abu Shaira , Male , 18
20 - Mutasim Abd Rabu , Male , 24
21 - Hamada Saleh Al abad , Male , 16
22 - Mustafa Manon , Male , 22
23 - Muhammad Sleem , Male , 24
24 - Muhammad Abdalrahman Shhab , male , 23
25 - Ali Al kitnani , Male , 15
26 - Tal'at Dardona , Male , 17
27 - Sana Ghad Al abed Saleh , Female , 16
28 - Ahmed Albatsh , Male , 16
29 - Muslih Muhamad Muslih , Male , 17
30 - Thabet Junied , Male
31 - Sultan Al zain , Male
32 - Mustafa Abu Jalala , Male
33 - Muhammad
Al atar , Male
34 - Nael Abu Alon , Male , 20
35 - Muhammad Abd Al mouti Sleem , Male ,
36 - Saed Dabour , Male , 28
37 - Hamada Saed , Male
38 - Mahmoud Rayan , Male
39 - Jedjad Hatem Abu Hlayal , Male
40 - Thari Abu Aubaid , Male
41 - Tamer Weshah , Male
42 - Ahmed Saleh Abd Al rahman
43 - Muhammad Abd Al qader Oqylan
44 - Hasan Abu Harb
45 - Abd Al rahman Atallah , Male , 60
46 - Ibrahim Attalah , Male ,30
47 - Sua'd Atallah
48 - Unknown
49 - Unknown
50 - Unknown
51 - Unknown
52 - Unknown
53 - Unknown in Khanyonis City
54 - Unknown in KhanYonis City
Pictures aviable in the facebook :
Group 1 :
Action4 palestine
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=5796102347
Group 2 :
10000 Say Israel ..
Stop killing Palestinians
Group 3 :
Freedom for Palestine
Tom Daschle , President Barack Obama 's choice for secretary of Health and Human Services , paid about $ 140,000 in back taxes and interest after questions surfaced during the vetting of his nomination , according to documents being prepared by the Senate Finance Committee . ()
Mr. Daschle made the payments to cover a luxury car and driver provided to him by an investment firm where he was an adviser after leaving the U.S. Senate in 2005 , but which he did n't report as income , people familiar with the report said .
The payments also ...
People of different religions have different perspectives on life , but do they also have different visual perceptions ?
( Image : abcdz2000 , stock.xchng )
It might be clichéd to say that religious people see the world differently , but new research finds that Dutch Calvinists notice embedded visual patterns quicker than their atheist compatriots .
Culture has long been known to distort visual perception , says Bernhard Hommel , a psychologist at Leiden University in the Netherlands who led the new study .
For example , one previous experiment found that Asians tend to dart their eyes around a photograph , while North Americans fix on specific people .
Advertisement
To see if religious differences might skew perception , Hommel ’s team tested 40 Dutch atheist and Calvinist university students , who , religion aside , had similar cultural backgrounds .
Looking inwards
On a computer screen , Hommel ’s team showed participants a large triangle or square made of either smaller triangles or squares .
The volunteers had to focus on either the big object or its component shapes , and indicate whether they were square or triangular .
Both groups recognised the large shapes more quickly than small , embedded ones , but the Calvinists picked out the smaller shapes 30 milliseconds faster than atheists , on average – a small , but significant , difference .
This could reflect a greater focus on self than external distractions for Calvinists , says Hommel .
He suggests it may even be a cognitive consequence of their religion and speculates that Calvinists might be more inward looking than atheists because they have lived their whole lives with an emphasis on minding their own business .
In the future , Hommel plans to give the same test to Catholics , as well as Muslims and Jews , but he must first figure out how to eliminate other cultural differences that could mask any insights .
“ It does n’t make any sense to compare Iranian Muslims with Dutch atheists , ” he says .
“ This is a thought - provoking study , ” says Ara Norenzayan , a psychologist at the University of British Columbia .
“ Their finding is consistent with the literature on cross-cultural cognition – that cultural traditions involving independent view of the self , such as Calvinism , encourage a more feature - based processing style . ”
Journal reference : PLoS ONE ( DOI : 10.371/journal.pone.003679.t001 )
Table of contents
Introduction
The HTML5 specification includes lots of new features , one of which is the canvas element .
HTML5 canvas gives you an easy and powerful way to draw graphics using JavaScript .
For each canvas element you can use a " context " ( think about a page in a drawing pad ) , into which you can issue JavaScript commands to draw anything you want .
Browsers can implement multiple canvas contexts and the different APIs provide the drawing functionality .
Most of the major browsers include the 2D canvas context capabilities - Opera , Firefox , Konqueror and Safari .
In addition , there are experimental builds of Opera that include support for a 3D canvas context , and an add - on that allows 3D canvas support in Firefox :
This article takes you through the basics of implementing a 2D canvas context , and using the basic canvas functions , including lines , shape primitives , images , text , and more .
You are assumed to have mastered JavaScript basics already .
Note that you can download all the code examples in a single zip file , as well as viewing them live using the links below .
The basics of using canvas
Creating a canvas context on your page is as simple as adding the < canvas > element to your HTML document like so :
< canvas id =" myCanvas " width = " 300 " height =
" 150 " >
Fallback content , in case the browser does not support Canvas .
</ canvas >
You need to define an element ID so you can find the element later in your JavaScript code , and you also need to define the width and height of the canvas .
That 's your drawing pad created , so now let 's put pen to paper .
To draw inside your canvas you need to use JavaScript .
First you find your canvas element using getElementById , then you initialize the context you want .
Once you do that , you can start drawing into the canvas using the available commands in the context API .
The following script ( try running the example live ) draws a simple rectangle into the canvas we defined above :
// Get a reference to the element .
var elem = document.getElementById('myCanvas ' ) ; //
Always check for properties and methods , to make sure your code does n't break // in other browsers . if ( elem && elem.getContext ) { //
Get the 2d context .
//
Remember : you can only initialize one context per element .
var context = elem.getContext ( ' 2d ' ) ; if ( context ) { //
You are done !
Now you can draw your first rectangle .
//
You only need to provide the ( x , y ) coordinates , followed by the width and // height dimensions .
context.fillRect(0 , 0 , 150 , 100 ) ; } }
You can choose to include this script inside the head of your document , or in an external file - it 's up to you .
The 2D context API
Now we have created our first basic canvas image , let 's look a bit more deeply into the 2D canvas API , and see what is available for us to make use of .
Basic lines and strokes
You already saw in the example above that it 's really easy to draw rectangles colored the way you want .
With the fillStyle and strokeStyle properties you can easily set the colors used for rendering filled shapes and strokes .
The color values you can use are the same as in CSS : hex codes , rgb ( ) , rgba ( ) and even hsla ( ) if the browser supports it ( for example this feature is supported in Opera 10.00 and later ) .
With fillRect you can draw filled rectangles .
With strokeRect you can draw rectangles only using borders , without filling .
If you want to clear some part of the canvas , you can use clearRect .
These three methods all use the same arguments : x , y , width , height .
The first two arguments tell the ( x , y ) coordinates , and the last two arguments tell the width and height dimensions for the rectangle .
To change the thickness of the lines , you can use the lineWidth property .
Let 's look at an example that uses fillRect , strokeRect clearRect and more :
context.fillStyle = '# 00f ' ; // blue context.strokeStyle = '# f00 ' ; // red context.lineWidth = 4 ; // Draw some rectangles .
context.fillRect ( 0 , 0 , 150 , 50 ) ; context.strokeRect(0 , 60 , 150 , 50 ) ; context.clearRect ( 30 , 25 , 90 , 60 ) ; context.strokeRect(30 , 25 , 90 , 60 ) ;
This example gives you an output like that seen in Figure 1 .
Paths
The canvas paths allow you to draw custom shapes .
You draw the " outline " first , then choose to draw the stroke and fill the shape at the end , if you wish .
Creating a custom shape is simple - to start drawing the path , use beginPath ( ) , then draw the path that makes up your shape using lines , curves and other primitives .
Once you are done , call fill and stroke if you want to fill your shape or to draw the stroke , then call closePath ( ) to finish off your shape .
An example is in order - the following code will draw a triangle :
// Set the style properties .
context.fillStyle = '# 00f ' ; context.strokeStyle = '# f00 ' ; context.lineWidth = 4 ; context.beginPath( ) ; // Start from the top - left point .
context.moveTo( 10 , 10 ) ; // give the ( x , y ) coordinates context.lineTo( 100 , 10 ) ; context.lineTo( 10 , 100 ) ; context.lineTo( 10 , 10 ) ; // Done !
Now fill the shape , and draw the stroke .
//
Note : your shape will not be visible until you call any of the two methods .
context.fill( ) ; context.stroke( ) ; context.closePath ( ) ;
This will give an output like that shown in Figure 2 .
I have also prepared a more complex paths example featuring lines , curves and arcs - check it out .
Inserting images
The drawImage method allows you to insert other images ( img and canvas elements ) into your canvas context .
In Opera you can also draw SVG images inside your canvas .
This is quite a complex method , which takes three , five or nine arguments :
Three arguments :
The basic drawImage usage involves one argument to point to the image to be included , and two to specify the destination coordinates inside your canvas context .
usage involves one argument to point to the image to be included , and two to specify the destination coordinates inside your canvas context .
Five arguments :
The middle drawImage usage includes the above three arguments , plus two to specify the width and height of the inserted image ( in cases where you want to resize it ) .
usage includes the above three arguments , plus two to specify the width and height of the inserted image ( in cases where you want to resize it ) .
Nine arguments :
The most advanced drawImage usage includes the above five arguments , plus two values for coordinates inside the source images , and two values for width and height inside the source image .
These values allow you to dynamically crop the source image before bringing it into your canvas context .
The following example code shows all three types of drawImage in action :
// Three arguments : the element , destination ( x , y ) coordinates . context.drawImage ( img_elem , dx , dy ) ; //
Five arguments : the element , destination ( x , y ) coordinates , and destination // width and height ( if you want to resize the source image ) .
context.drawImage ( img_elem , dx , dy , dw , dh ) ; //
Nine arguments : the element , source ( x , y ) coordinates , source width and // height ( for cropping ) , destination ( x , y ) coordinates , and destination width // and height ( resize ) . context.drawImage ( img_elem , sx , sy , sw , sh , dx , dy , dw , dh ) ;
This should render as shown in Figure 3 .
Pixel - based manipulation
The 2D Context API provides you with three methods that help you draw pixel - by - pixel : createImageData , getImageData , and putImageData .
Raw pixels are held in objects of type ImageData .
Each object has three properties : width , height and data .
The data property is of type CanvasPixelArray , holding a number of elements equal to width * height * 4 ; this means that for every pixel you define the red , green , blue and alpha values of all the pixels , in the order you want them to appear ( all the values range from 0 to 255 , including alpha ! ) .
Pixels are ordered left to right , row by row , from top to bottom .
To better understand how all this works take a look at an example which draws a block of red pixels .
// Create an ImageData object . var imgd = context.createImageData( 50,50 ) ; var pix = imgd.data ; //
Loop over each pixel and set a transparent red .
for ( var i = 0 ; n = pix. length , i < n ; i += 4 ) { pix [ i ] = 255 ; // red channel pix [ i+3 ] = 127 ; // alpha channel } //
Draw the ImageData object at the given ( x , y ) coordinates . context.putImageData( imgd , 0,0 ) ;
Note : not all browsers implement createImageData .
On such browsers , you need to obtain your ImageData object using the getImageData method .
Please see the provided example code .
With the ImageData capabilities you can do a lot more than that .
For example , you can do image filtering , or you can do mathematical visualisations ( think fractals and more ) .
The following code shows you how to create a simple color inversion filter :
// Get the CanvasPixelArray from the given coordinates and dimensions .
var imgd = context.getImageData( x , y , width , height ) ; var pix = imgd.data ; //
Loop over each pixel and invert the color .
for ( var i = 0 , n = pix.
length ; i < n ; i += 4 ) { pix [ i ] = 255 - pix [ i ] ; // red pix [ i+1 ] = 255 - pix [ i+1 ] ; // green pix [ i+2 ] = 255 - pix [ i+2 ] ; // blue // i+3 is alpha ( the fourth element ) } //
Draw the ImageData at the given ( x , y ) coordinates .
context.putImageData( imgd , x , y ) ;
Figure 4 shows the color inversion filter applied to an Opera graphic ( compare to Figure 3 , which shows the original color scheme of the Opera graphic ) .
Text
The Text API is only available in recent WebKit builds , and in Firefox 3.1 nightly builds , but I decided to include it here for completeness .
The following text properties are available on the context object :
font :
Specifies the font of the text , in the same manner as the CSS font - family property )
: Specifies the font of the text , in the same manner as the property ) textAlign : Specifies the horizontal alignment of the text .
Values : start , end , left , right , center .
Default value : start .
: Specifies the horizontal alignment of the text .
Values : , , , , .
Default value : . textBaseline : Specifies the vertical alignment of the text .
Values : top , hanging , middle , alphabetic , ideographic , bottom .
Default value : alphabetic .
You have two methods for drawing text : fillText and strokeText .
The first one draws the text shape , filled using the current fillStyle , while the latter draws the text outline / border using the current strokeStyle .
Both take three arguments : the text you want to display , and the ( x , y ) coordinates to define where to render it .
There 's also an optional fourth argument - maximum width .
This causes the browser to shrink the text to fit inside the given width , if that 's needed .
The text alignment properties affect the text position relative to the ( x , y ) coordinates you give to the drawing methods .
At this point , an example is in order - the following code is a simple canvas text " hello world " example .
context.fillStyle = ' # 00f ' ; context . font = ' italic 30 px sans - serif ' ; context.textBaseline = ' top ' ; context.fillText ( ' Hello world ! ' , 0 , 0 ) ; context .
font = ' bold 30 px sans - serif ' ; context.strokeText (' Hello world ! ' , 0 , 50 ) ;
Figure 5 shows the output of this example .
Shadows
The Shadow API gives you four properties :
shadowColor :
Sets the shadow color you want .
The value allowed is the same as the CSS color values .
: Sets the shadow color you want .
The value allowed is the same as the CSS color values .
shadowBlur :
Sets the amount of blur on the shadow , in pixels .
The lower the blur value , the sharper the shadows are .
It gives a very similar effect to gaussian blur in Photoshop .
: Sets the amount of blur on the shadow , in pixels .
The lower the blur value , the sharper the shadows are .
It gives a very similar effect to gaussian blur in Photoshop .
shadowOffsetX and shadowOffsetY : Specifies the x and y offset of the shadow , again in pixels .
Usage is very straightforward , as shown by the following canvas shadow code example :
context.shadowOffsetX = 5 ; context.shadowOffsetY = 5 ; context.shadowBlur = 4 ; context.shadowColor = ' rgba( 255 , 0 , 0 , 0.5 ) ' ; context.fillStyle = '# 00f ' ; context.fillRect( 20 , 20 , 150 , 100 ) ;
This will render as shown in Figure 6 .
Gradients
The fillStyle and strokeStyle properties can also have CanvasGradient objects assigned to them , instead of CSS color strings - these allow you to use color gradients to color your lines and fills instead of solid colors .
To create CanvasGradient objects you can use two methods : createLinearGradient and createRadialGradient .
The former creates a linear gradient - lines of color all going in one direction - while the latter creates a radial gradient - circles of color emanating out from a single point .
Once you have the gradient object you can add color stops along the gradient using the addColorStop method of the object .
The following code shows you how to use gradients :
// You need to provide the source and destination ( x , y ) coordinates // for the gradient ( from where it starts and where it ends ) .
var gradient1 = context.createLinearGradient ( sx , sy , dx , dy ) ; //
Now you can add colors in your gradient .
//
The first argument tells the position for the color in your gradient .
The // accepted value range is from 0 ( gradient start ) to 1 ( gradient end ) .
//
The second argument tells the color you want , using the CSS color format .
gradient1.addColorStop(0 , '# f00 ' ) ; // red gradient1.addColorStop(0.5 , '# ff0 ' ) ; // yellow gradient1.addColorStop ( 1 , '#00 f ' ) ; // blue //
For the radial gradient you also need to provide source // and destination circle radius .
//
The ( x , y ) coordinates define the circle center points ( start and // destination ) .
var gradient2 = context.createRadialGradient ( sx , sy , sr , dx , dy , dr ) ; //
Adding colors to a radial gradient is the same as adding colors to linear // gradients .
I have also prepared a more advanced example , which makes use of a linear gradient , shadows and text .
The example produces an output as seen in Figure 7 .
Online canvas demos
If you want to see what others have done with Canvas , you can take a look at the following projects and demos :
Summary
Canvas is one of the most interesting HTML5 features , and it 's ready to be used within most modern Web browsers .
It provides all you need to create games , user interface enhancements , and other things besides .
The 2D context API includes a wealth of functionality in addition to that discussed in this article - I hope you 've gained a good grounding in canvas , and a thirst to know more !
Read more ...
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Thursday night 's broadcast .
CNN 's Campbell Brown says John Thain , according to CNBC , spent $ 28,000 on curtains .
( CNN ) -- John
Thain , the former CEO of Merrill Lynch , resigned Thursday from the company that bought Merrill out , Bank of America .
As far as we can tell , his departure could n't come soon enough .
Not long ago , Thain was credited with keeping Merrill alive long enough to be rescued .
Now we learn the man who asked for , then quickly withdrew , his request for a $ 10 million bonus still managed to live large while Merrill teetered on the brink and workers paid the price .
According to CNBC ,
Thain spent more than $ 1.2 million in company funds to spruce up his office , hiring a world - class designer to decorate in full decadence .
The list includes an $ 87,000 " area rug , " $ 28,000 for curtains , a $ 68,000 credenza and the perfect finishing touch : a $ 1,400 wastebasket .
This is what passes for corporate responsibility ?
' No Bias , No Bull '
Get the latest on the day 's main events .
8 ET Monday through Friday see full schedule »
CEO John
Thain : picking out fancy new curtains while the walls are tumbling down .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .
All About U.S. National Economy • John
Thain
Supercomputers may be the dinosaurs of the computing industry , but they are showing surprising signs of life .
New chip technology and industry alliances are bringing rapid advances to these high - performance machines , feeding demand at a time when the personal computer industry is sagging .
In one development , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ...
During a conversation with Senator Everett Dirksen of Illinois , Johnson , referring to people close to Nixon , and said , “ This is treason . ” Dirksen was the Republican leader in the Senate .
Image President - elect Richard M. Nixon and President Lyndon B. Johnson , meeting in the White House in December 1968 .
Credit ...
Charles Tasnadi / Associated Press
In a conversation in November 1968 , Nixon assured Johnson that he supported the president ’s efforts to arrange a peace conference in Paris .
Johnson had cited news articles and private information he had been given that he said made him think Nixon ’s associates were working against his efforts .
” I think what ’s new here is the way Johnson characterizes it as ‘ treason ’ in his private conversations , ” Professor Buchanan said .
The 42 hours of telephone recordings released Thursday cover the period from May 1968 through January 1969 , when Johnson left office .
In another recording , Johnson expresses his condolences to Senator Edward M. Kennedy after the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in June 1968 .
“ Ted , I know what a burden you bear , but your shoulders are broad and you ’ve got lots of people who love you and who want to help you , ” Johnson said .
Mr. Kennedy ’s voice is barely audible , but he can be heard thanking Johnson and telling him “ both my parents appreciate ” his condolences .
This is part of a series I started in March 2008 - you may want to go back and look at older parts if you 're new to this series .
We really want variable length arguments
We want primitives that allow us to create and access arrays .
Lets call them " array " and " index " , and we want to make sure " index " works with " assign " or provide an alternative to get the address of the slot in the array .
We 'd like local variables .
( defun real_func ( arg, localvar1 , localvar2 ) ( ... ) ) ( defun func ( arg ) ( real_func arg 0 0 ) )
Adding arrays
Implementing " array "
DO_BEFORE= [ : do , [ : defun , : array , [ : size ] , [ : malloc , [ : mul , : size , 4 ] ] ]
Quick interlude for object purists
Implementing " index "
def compile_index scope , arr , index source = compile_eval_arg ( scope , arr ) @ e.movl ( source , :edx ) source = compile_eval_arg ( scope , index ) @e.save_result( source ) @ e.sall ( 2, :eax ) @e.addl ( :eax , : edx ) return [ : indirect , : edx ]
end
Evaluate the first argument to get at the address of the array
Move that address into a temporary register - I picked %edx .
The reason we do this is that the compiler does n't have any register allocation at all yet , and %eax is used for return values regardless .
Evaluate the second argument .
Multiply the second argument by four to get the number of bytes for the offset from the start of the array ( note that we use " sall " which is a left arithmetic shift - shifts are cheaper than multiplications on most architectures ; in the tradition of this series I have n't verified if that makes a difference on x86 )
Add the start address to the offset .
The result is [ : indirect , : edx ] - we 'll need to add support for the new use of indirect , indicating that %edx does not hold the actual value , but a pointer to it .
return compile_index ( scope , * ex p [ 1..- 1 ] ) if ( exp [ 0 ] == : index )
@e.emit(:movl , " (%#{aparam.to_s} ) " , @e.result_value ) if atype == :indirect
def compile_assign scope , left , right source = compile_eval_arg ( scope , right ) atype , aparam = get_arg ( scope , left ) - raise " Expected an argument on left hand side of assignment " if atype != :arg - @e.save_to_arg(source , aparam ) + if atype == : indirect + @ e.emit( : movl , source , " ( % #{aparam} ) " ) + elsif atype == :arg + @e.save_to_arg(source , aparam ) + else + raise " Expected an argument on left hand side of assignment " + end return [ : subexpr ] end
An example :
require ' compiler ' prog = [ : do , [ [ : lambda , [ : i ] , [ : do , [ : assign , :i , [ : array , 2 ] ] , [ : printf , " i= % p
" , :i ] , [ : assign , [ : index , :i , 0 ] , 2 ] , [ : assign , [ : index , :i , 1 ] , 42 ] , [ : printf , " i[ 0 ] = %ld , i [ 1 ] =%ld
" , [ : index , : i,0 ] , [ : index , : i,1 ] ] ] ] ,10 ] ] Compiler.new.compile( prog )
movl 8 ( %ebp ) , %eax ; Move " i " to %eax movl %eax , %edx ; Save it to %edx movl $ 0 , %eax ; The 0 from [ : index , :i , 0 ] sall $ 2 , %eax ; Multiply by 4 addl %eax , %edx ; Add the offset to the address saved in %edx movl $ 2 , ( %edx ) ; Copy the value 2 into the address of the beginning of " i "
$ make testarray ruby testarray.rb > testarray.s as -o testarray .
o testarray .s testarray.s : Assembler messages : testarray .s:97 : Warning : unterminated string ; newline inserted cc - c -o runtime .
o runtime .c gcc -o testarray testarray . o runtime .o $ ./testarray i=0x889a008 i [ 0 ] =2 , i [ 1]=42
Get the source
At this point it 's worth looking briefly at what is required to implement something more " serious " without a lot of excessive pain .
It 's really quite easy :
Why did I make these specific choices ?
Variable length argument lists makes it possible to implement a lot of functions in a more user friendly manner .
Most importantly , implementing things like a dynamic object system with a minimal number of primitives is far easier if you have a way of turning an array into a list of arguments and the other way around - it allows the implementation of methods like a Ruby like #send Arrays should be pretty obvious .
More flexible would be a Ruby like #pack or #unpack or ways of accessing raw memory .
However arrays are sufficient to get most of the advantages , and simple enough to implement very easily without adding more typing etc .
We do eventually need to get to typing , but Local variables should also be pretty obvious .
We can emulate them now , by wrapping functions in another function , and have the " real " function have extra arguments , like below , but it 's hardly satisfying :
The three points above will therefore be the focus of the next couple of parts .
Let 's deal with the trivial bit first , finally adding something to the runtime library :
We 're just calling the C- library 's " malloc " and multiplying the input by 4 ( yes , I 'm assuming 32 bit pointers again here , so sue me - certainly this needs to be abstracted out at some point , but by then this code will be unrecognizable ) .
Note that depending on platform and typical array size this can be horribly inefficient for small allocations , but that 's for later .
So we can create arrays , but not access them .
We could easily enough do this in C , BUT there 's one constraint :
We want to be able to assign to the array with the " assign " primitive instead of calling a special function to access arrays .
Yes , this is not object oriented .
Yes , we could hide it , and bootstrap classes and a #send method or similar , and implement everything in terms of that .
But why ?
What we are working on now is for all intents of purposes the " syntax tree " of the language - we 'll soon add a parser , and it 's easy enough to hide non-object oriented constructs like this then , or make it a special " privileged " set of instructions to facilitate implementation of the runtime " kernel " of the language .
You 'll see the benefits clearer once we get around to implementing an object system , even though it can be limited to being used in a handful of places easily enough .
The syntax will be [ : index , array , index value ] .
Here 's the first stab to add to the Compiler class : Notice that this gets quite a bit of x86 specific stuff back in compiler.rb , but we 'll worry about that later .
The logic is fairly straightforward :
We hook this into #compile_exp like this :
So , lets deal with : indirect .
We need to change two places .
First and foremost , we need to add the following line to #compile_eval_arg :
This takes care of the case when and : index occurs anywhere but as the target of an :assign .
It reads the value pointed to .
Then we need to change # compile_assign to store the result in a different way when : indirect is used .
Here 's a diff of # compile_assign
Here 's the [ : index , :i , 0 ] expression , with some comments :
It 's a pretty good example of complete lack of optimization , and both some trivial optimization of the original program as well as peephole optimization of the assembly could reduce it to next to nothing , but it works ...
So lets run it : You can download the source here
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 59 people have been killed in a fire in a nightclub in the Thai capital , Bangkok , police say .
More than 100 others were injured in the blaze , which broke out as people celebrated the New Year .
Bodies wrapped in white cotton were laid out on the pavement in front of the club , named as the Santika , in central Bangkok 's Thong Lor district .
Police said they were investigating what sparked the fire in the club , popular with both Thais and foreigners .
The blaze was now under control but the death toll could rise , a fire official said .
' Spread quickly '
" We were all dancing and suddenly there was a big flame that came out of the front of the stage and everybody was running away , " one woman told Reuters news agency .
Police are investigating what sparked the fire in the club Local reports blamed either fireworks or an electrical fault for the blaze , which happened just after midnight .
Andrew Long , a British man living in Bangkok , told the BBC that survivors leaving the club said fire broke out on the stage after fireworks were lit .
Another witness , Tos Maddy , said he heard what he thought was an electrical explosion .
" Everything went boom and people started running .
The fire went very quickly , " he told Reuters .
The club had only one main exit , at the front , and many people had been trapped inside , reports said .
A policeman said those killed died from burns , smoke inhalation and injuries received during a stampede to escape .
Most of the bodies were found in the basement of the two - storey building , rescue workers told the Associated Press news agency .
Those injured were being treated at the nearby Bangkok Hospital .
The club was very large , capable of holding several hundred people , reports the BBC's Jonathan Head from Bangkok .
Thailand 's capital is renowned for its nightlife , but many clubs are loosely regulated and often have very poor fire safety systems , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Considering that many people spend almost as much time playing games like Halo and World of Warcraft as they do at work , love matches made in - game are only going to get more common .
They may not have made our list of geeky proposals , but Desirai Labrada and John Henry not only met over the dulcet sounds of n00bs being fragged , but they ’re having a Halo - themed wedding .
Desirai and John ( aka SickNdehead and psychovandal ) met on the battle fields shortly after Halo 2 was released .
Talking incessantly over Xbox - Live led to an exchange of phone numbers to coordinate playing times , which led to spending more time on the phone than in the game .
They started officially dating in March 2005 despite having never met , and that summer Desirai moved down to Florida , where she had both a new school and a boyfriend waiting .
John proposed on their three year anniversary , earlier this year .
The wedding date is set for January 17 , and though it has a definite Halo theme , they ’re not going so far as to make everyone dress up–especially since Desirai wants to wear a real wedding dress .
But there will be a Halo cake and Halo rings and the bridal march replaced by the music from the Halo 3 loading screen … well , you get the picture .
Also , instead of a first dance there ’s going to be a groom vs. bride tournament .
And of course they ’ve already sent out Halo - themed invitations :
They have , however , assured us that the ceremony will not end in “ You may now teabag the bride . ”
Here are [ GAS ] , we wish this geeky couple a very happy marriage !
If you ’re interested in learning more about them and their wedding , you can visit their website : A Match Made in Halo .
Also , they were kind enough to give us permission to use these pictures , so please ask them before re-posting them anywhere else .
( CNN ) --
It 's a bittersweet Christmas season for Joseph Kassab , who grew up in Iraq under Saddam Hussein 's Baathist regime and now lives in Detroit , Michigan .
Tempering the season 's joy is his concern for fellow Iraqi Christians , who have endured killings , displacement and daily intimidation .
An Iraqi policeman checks security in a Baghdad church where midnight Mass will be celebrated Wednesday .
Christians in Iraq face a " bleak future , " said Kassab , executive director of the Chaldean Federation of America , a nonprofit group that helps Iraqi Christians .
" We are heading for a demise , " he said .
" It 's getting to the point where it might be an ethnic cleansing in the future . "
A recent U.S. government report focused on the plight of Iraq 's Christian minority .
U.S. diplomats and legislators are worried , too .
" I think the Christians are caught in the middle of a horrible situation , " said U.S. Rep. Anna Eshoo , a California Democrat of Assyrian and Armenian ancestry .
She said Iraqi Christians are suffering as a result of " religious cleansing , " and she has urged more help for minorities who have fled their homes in Iraq .
The Iraqi government has worked to be inclusive and accepting toward Christians , but daily intimidation has cowed the Christian community , with crosses removed from churches , priests afraid to wear their clerical garb , the faithful reluctant to attend church , and churches hiring private security guards .
Iraq 's Christian population has fallen from as many as 1.4 million in 2003 to between 500,000 and 700,000 more recently , according to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom .
A recent commission report outlined chilling abuse that Christians suffer in Muslim - dominated Iraq .
It sounded an alarm about the treatment of minorities such as Chaldo - Assyrian Christians , an ancient people who embraced the Christian faith in its early years and still speak a form of Aramaic , the language of Jesus .
Read some of report 's examples of violence against Iraqi Christians
The community has endured displacement , killings and kidnappings , with churches being attacked and occupied .
The U.S. State Department 's International Religious Freedom Report for 2008 says two - thirds of Christians in Iraq are Chaldeans , a branch of the Catholic Church .
Almost a third are from the Assyrian Church of the East .
The rest include Syriac Christians , who are Eastern Orthodox ; Armenians , both Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox ; and Anglicans and other Protestants .
Christians and other minorities represented about 3 percent of Iraq 's population before 2003 , but many have fled to Jordan , Syria , Lebanon , Turkey , and other countries .
The community includes many who are well - educated , including business people and professionals .
They live in Baghdad and Basra , as well as in the city of Kirkuk and the autonomous Kurdish region .
The Christian community is predominant in northern Iraq 's Nineveh province , in the big city of Mosul and in the nearby Nineveh Plain , where many displaced Christians live .
Tensions in Nineveh province heightened a few months ago , after provincial officials blocked the creation of local police forces for the Nineveh Plain .
Then hundreds of Christians took to the streets in and around Mosul .
They were protesting the demise of a national measure that would have included minority representation on the country 's provincial councils .
Fourteen Christians were killed in violence and many fled their homes .
That prompted Eshoo to write to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in October about the " rapidly deteriorating conditions for Christians in Mosul . "
The commission 's Elizabeth Cassidy , an international legal specialist , said the bias that Christians face in Iraq reflects " the growing lack of diversity in that part of the world .
" It 's bad for these countries that they become all one religion , " she said .
She said she fears that Muslim extremists will become predominant in Iraq .
The commission gathered information from the Christian refugees who fled the sectarian violence in recent years .
" The ones we 've talked to and who are outside seem to fear going back .
Despite the security gains , they do n't feel it 's safe enough to go back , " Cassidy said .
The commission made several recommendations for the U.S. government in Iraq , such as ensuring fair provincial elections , training and deploying police to vulnerable communities , making prevention of minority abuse a priority , and distributing assistance funds fairly .
One proposal calls for amending the constitution to get rid of language that gives Islam primacy .
The constitution guarantees religious freedom and rights to all people , including Christians , but states unambiguously that " Islam is the official religion of the state and is a foundation source of legislation . "
Iraqi Christian activists , such as Michael Youash , project director of the Iraq Sustainable Democracy Project in Washington , favor the creation of a distinct region in the Nineveh Plain -- where neither Arabs nor Kurds predominate .
He cites part of the constitution that says it " shall guarantee the administrative , political , cultural , and educational rights of the various nationalities , such as Turkomen , Chaldeans , Assyrians , and all other constituents . "
Youash , who authored a paper on the Iraqi minority crises for the American University International Law Review , warned that the demographic changes will hurt Iraq because Assyrian Christians " are disproportionately represented in Iraq 's professional and educated elite . "
" They are a significant component of the American administrative structure in Iraq , " he said .
" This depletion of Iraq 's human capital will have devastating effects throughout the country . "
All About Iraq • Christianity
The empowerment of terror in Pakistan has not happened overnight .
This is the logical culmination of the politics and policies pursued by Pakistan for years now .
Terrorism in Pakistan has its roots in the culture of hate and the ethos of inequality on the ground of religious faith , leading to their being deeply ingrained in the Pakistani psyche and mindset .
One factor that has played a crucial role in creating this culture of hate is the educational policy of the government of Pakistan pursued since 1977 .
The officially prescribed textbooks , especially for school students , are full of references that promote hate against India in general , and Hindus in particular .
A cursory glance at Pakistani school textbooks - especially the compulsory subjects like Pakistan studies and social studies - gives an idea of how history has been distorted and a garbled version prescribed to build this mindset and attitude .
The objective of Pakistan 's education policy has been defined thus in the preface to a Class 6 book : " Social studies have been given special importance in educational policy so that Pakistan 's basic ideology assumes the shape of a way of life , its practical enforcement is assured , the concept of social uniformity adopts a practical form and the whole personality of the individual is developed . "
This statement leaves no doubt that " social uniformity " , not national unity , is a part of Pakistan 's basic ideology .
The Class 5 book has this original discovery about Hindu help to bring British rule to India : " The British had the objective to take over India and to achieve this , they made Hindus join them and Hindus were very glad to side with the British .
After capturing the subcontinent , the British began on the one hand the loot of all things produced in this area , and on the other , in conjunction with Hindus , to greatly suppress the Muslims . "
The Std VIII book says , " Their ( Muslim saints ) teachings dispelled many superstitions of the Hindus and reformed their bad practices .
Thereby Hindu religion of the olden times came to an end . "
On Indo - Pak wars , the books give detailed descriptions and openly eulogize ���jihad ' and ���shahadat ' and urge students to become ���mujahids ' and martyrs and leave no room for future friendship and cordial relations with India .
According to a Class 5 book , " In 1965 , the Pakistani army conquered several areas of India , and when India was on the point of being defeated , she requested the United Nations to arrange a ceasefire .
After 1965 , India , with the help of Hindus living in East Pakistan , instigated the people living there against the people of West Pakistan , and finally invaded East Pakistan in December 1971 .
The conspiracy resulted in the separation of East Pakistan from us .
All of us should receive military training and be prepared to fight the enemy . "
The book prescribed for higher secondary students makes no mention of the uprising in East Pakistan in 1971 or the surrender by more than 90,000 Pakistani soldiers .
Instead , it claims , " In the 1971 India - Pakistan war , the Pakistan armed forces created new records of bravery and the Indian forces were defeated everywhere . "
The students of Class 3 are taught that " Muhammad Ali ( Jinnah ) felt that Hindus wanted to make Muslims their slaves and since he hated slavery , he left the Congress " .
At another place it says , " The Congress was actually a party of Hindus .
Muslims felt that after getting freedom , Hindus would make them their slaves . "
And this great historic discovery is taught to Std V students , " Previously , India was part of Pakistan . "
Commenting on this literature that spreads hate , leading Pakistani educationist Tariq Rahman wrote , " It is a fact that the textbooks cannot mention Hindus without calling them cunning , scheming , deceptive or something equally insulting .
Students are taught and made to believe that Pakistan needs strong and aggressive policies against India or else Pakistan will be annihilated by it . "
( The author is a former Union minister )
QnA : What compels Pakistan to hate India - the Partition , or Hinduism ?
If you have C# code and just try to transliterate it directly to F# , the F# code you wind up with is unlikely to be idiomatic or " good " .
Nevertheless , when you are new to a language ( F# ) , it is sometimes useful to know how to transliterate from a well - known language ( C# ) for those cases where you just do n’t know the idioms yet , but do n’t want that to prevent you from making progress .
So today ’s blog entry takes the general form of " here ’s some C# code , how do I write the same thing in F# " .
It is intended to be used as a reference or as casual reading to discover some little - used or lesser - known F# syntax / operators / functions .
Do n’t use this blog post as a way to learn the language , instead use the many useful F# tutorials and samples on the web ( start here ) , and just use this blog post to " fill in the gaps " if needed .
Today ’s blog entry covers only code that goes inside a method body , so you wo n’t find anything about declaring classes or using namespaces here .
Instead I will be covering the following bits of C# :
casts
operators
expressions
statements
and show a way to transliterate those C# forms into the corresponding F#.
Along the way I will inject some editorial comments about what is good , bad , idiomatic , etc , but I will not go into much detail .
If I leave anything common out , or something is very unclear , feel free to post a question as a comment on this blog entry .
Without further ado !
Casts
The cast " operator " in C# ( saying " ( Typename ) expr " ) can mean all kinds of different things in C# , depending on the source type and destination type .
I will just call out the four most common conversions done via casts :
// C#
char c = ‘ a ’ ;
int x = ( int ) c ; // numerical conversion
object o = ( object ) c ; // boxing conversion
Dog d = new Dog ( ) ;
Animal a = ( Animal ) d ; // upcast
d = ( Dog ) a ; // downcast ( may fail at runtime )
Here is the corresponding F# code , followed by some commentary .
// F#
let c = ‘ a ’
let x = int c // numerical conversion
let o = box c // boxing conversion
let d = new Dog ( )
let a = d : > Animal // upcast
let d2 = a : ?>
Dog // downcast ( may fail at runtime )
Numerical conversions in F# are done via library functions .
For example , the function " int " converts a char ( or a float or a uint or a whatever ) into an int .
There are similar functions for each destination type , so for example the function " char " converts it argument to a char .
You can read a little more about these functions in the library reference .
Note that the " enum " function converts to an enumerated type ; the specific enumeration type will be inferred , which sometimes requires a type annotation , as in
let y : MyEnumType = enum 0 // F# : y is 0 - value of MyEnumType
A boxing conversion turns a primitive value into an object .
The F# function " box " does this .
In fact , " box " will upcast anything to the object type System .
Object ( which in F# goes by the shorthand name " obj " ) .
Upcast :
If you want to make a conversion that goes up a class / interface hierarchy , use the F# syntax " expr :> type " .
If this compiles , then this conversion will always succeed at runtime .
( Note : in F# 1.9.6.2 , this expression form has somewhat weird precedence , and so you may sometimes need to surround it with parens , e.g. " ( expr :> type ) " to make the code parse . )
You rarely need to use this operator .
Downcast :
If you want to make a conversion that goes down a class / interface hierarchy , use the F# syntax " expr :?> type " .
The question mark inside this operator is meant to suggest that the operation may fail ; just as in C# , you may get an InvalidCastException .
You should rarely use this operator ; in C# you typically prefer " is " and " as " , see those expressions below for the corresponding idiomatic F# .
Operators
Many arithmetic ( e.g. + , *) and conditional ( e.g. && , || ) operators are the same in F# as in C# .
The most common places to get tripped up are ( 1 ) with logical negation : in C # it is spelled " ! " , whereas in F # it is spelled " not " ; ( 2 ) with equality testing , in C # it is " == " whereas in F # it is just " = " ; and ( 3 ) with inequality , where C# has " != " whereas F# has " < > " .
( As for logical negation , note that " ! " already has a meaning in F# associated with the " ref " type , which is inherited from OCaml , oh well . )
The other somewhat common place to get tripped up is that in C# the bitwise - logic operators are one character ( e.g. " | " and " & " ) , whereas the F# operators are three characters ( " | || " and " &&& " ) ; you ’ll need these operators when using e.g. " Flags " enums .
Most F# operators are overloaded , do n’t be fooled by the type inference tooltips when hovering over code like this in Visual Studio :
let f x y = x + y // hover mouse over f , says int -> int -> int
This does not mean that " + " only works on ints ; you can use " + " to add two floats , or two chars , or even two strings .
( The mechanism by which this overloading works involves esoteric black magic involving " inline " and " ^a " types .
You ’ll be happier if you stay ignorant of those details ; the language / tooltips pick " int " as a default when things are otherwise unconstrained in order to hide the underlying complexity .
( A much better " solution " to " how to overload common operators like ‘+’ " is to use type classes , but neither the CLR nor even F# have sufficiently expressive type systems to handle type classes , oh well . ) )
In C# , the same operator ( ‘=’ ) is used for both initialization and destructive assignment :
int i = 3 ; // initialization
i = 4 ; // destructive assignment
In F# , these are separate operators ( ‘ =’ and ‘ < -‘ ) , and only mutable variables admit assignment :
let i = 3 // initialization
i <- 4 // does not compile , i is immutable
let mutable j = 3
j <- 4 // destructive assignment
Expressions
Most expressions involving constructing objects , methods , and properties look the same in C# and F# :
new Dog( ) // constructor
s.StartsWith ( " h " , StringComparison .
Ordinal ) // method call
s.Length // property
One notable difference is the syntax for indexing of arrays or other types .
Whereas in C# you say :
var dict = new Dictionary < string , int >( ) ;
dict [ " foo " ] = 42 ;
Console. WriteLine( dict [ " foo " ] ) ;
in F# you need a dot ( ‘.’) before the square brackets :
let dict = new Dictionary < string , int > ( )
dict . [ " foo " ] <- 42
printfn " %d " dict . [ " foo " ]
There are tons of variations of syntax for doing lambdas / delegates in C# , I ’ll show only one :
Func < int , int , int > f = ( x , y ) => x + y ; // C# lambda
and the roughly corresponding F# :
let f = ( fun x y -> x + y ) // F# lambda
There are lots of interesting differences between the language when it comes to representing lambdas / functions / delegates , and I will not go into any detail about these differences in today ’s blog entry .
Both C# and F# have " typeof " that returns a System .
Type , but C# uses round brackets whereas F# uses angle brackets :
typeof ( int ) // C# typeof
typeof < int > //
F# typeof
Another distinction involves generic types ;
C# allows you to omit types to get the generic definition :
Console. WriteLine ( typeof ( List < int >).IsGenericTypeDefinition ) ; // false
Console. WriteLine ( typeof ( List <>) . IsGenericTypeDefinition ) ; // true
whereas F# has a separate operator called " typedefof " for getting uninstantiated generic types :
printfn " %A " ( typeof < List < int >> . IsGenericTypeDefinition ) // false
printfn " %A " ( typedefof < List < _ >> .
IsGenericTypeDefinition ) // true
C# has " is " and " as " operators for type tests .
F# uses a particular pattern in a match for this .
So this C# code :
if ( animal is Dog )
{
Dog dog = animal as Dog ;
// …
}
else if ( animal is Cat )
{
Cat cat = animal as Cat ;
// …
}
becomes this F# code :
match animal with
| : ?
Dog as dog -> // …
| : ?
Cat as cat -> // …
where " :? type " is a type test , and " as ident " names the resulting value of that type if the type test succeeds .
( One other aside : in F# " else if " can be abbreviated as " elif " . )
C# has the ternary operator " ? : " for conditional expressions :
condition ?
trueVal : falseVal
F# has the same operator , but its name is if - then - else :
if condition then trueVal else falseVal
( Note that " if " is used much less frequently in F# than in C# ; in F# , many conditional expressions are done via pattern - matching rather than if - then - else . )
C# has an operator called " default " that returns the zero-initialization value of a given type :
default ( int )
It has limited utility ; most commonly you may use default ( T ) in a generic .
F# has a similar construct as a library function :
Unchecked .
defaultof < int >
These respective constructs are rarely used in C# and F# .
Statements
This section describes how to transliterate C# statements into F#. F# does n’t have " statements " , per se ; everything is just an expression , and evaluating a a method body just means evaluating its expressions .
The expressions that are most statement - like in F# just return " ( ) " , the sole value of the " unit " type , which is akin to " void " in C# .
C# has three looping constructs :
// C# loops
while ( condition )
{
SomeCode ( ) ;
}
foreach ( var e in someEnumerable )
{
SomeCode ( ) ;
}
for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; ++i)
{
SomeCode ( ) ;
}
F# has just " while " and a " foreach " ( spelled " for " in F# ) ; a C# " for " loop can usually be emulated with a " range " :
// F# loops
while condition do
SomeCode ( )
for e in someEnumerable do // foreach
SomeCode ( )
for i in 0 . .9 do // compiles like a C# for loop
SomeCode ( )
F# lacks anything like " break " or " continue " ; you must use control flow and / or boolean flag variables to emulate these constructs .
" While " loops in F# are rare , since they imply mutable variables in the condition , and F# often eschews mutables , preferring recursion for simple loops .
For ( each ) loops are also somewhat rarer in F# , since sometimes the form
someEnumerable | > Seq . iter ( fun e -> SomeCode ( ) )
is preferred ( especially when the argument to Seq.iter is short ) .
C# has a switch statement .
It looks something like this :
switch ( x )
{
case 1 :
SomeCode ( ) ;
break ;
default :
SomeCode ( ) ;
break ;
}
In F# , this is just one of many things that pattern matching expresses more succinctly :
match x with
| 1 -> SomeCode ( )
| _ -> SomeCode ( ) // _ is a ‘ catch all ’ default
C# has a " return " keyword that exits the current function .
There is no comparable construct in F#.
Note that the " return " keyword in F# is part of computation expression syntax ( a.k.a. " workflows " , a.k.a. " monads " ) and has nothing to do with C# ’s " return " .
As with C# ’s " break " , in F # you will need to use control - flow constructs to simulate " return " for an early exit .
( Though I do occasionally wish for " break " in F# , I have never wished for " return " – I do n’t recall ever needing / wanting it . )
In C# , you raise an exception with the " throw " keyword .
In F# , you use the function " raise " .
throw new Exception ( " boom " ) ; // C#
raise < | new Exception ( " boom " ) // F#
This is one of the few places in F # where I think it is very idiomatic to use the backward - pipeline operator " < | " .
Without it , the precedence rules of F# force you to parenthesize the expression :
raise ( new Exception ( " boom " ) ) // F#
which I think most people feel looks awkward .
C# has a try - catch - finally construct for exception handling .
As a result you can write code like this :
try
{
SomeCode ( ) ;
}
catch ( NullReferenceException nre )
{
// swallow it
}
catch ( Exception e )
{
throw ;
}
finally
{
SomeOtherCode ( ) ;
}
The equivalent F# code would be :
try
try
SomeCode ( )
with
| : ?
NullReferenceException as nre -> ( ) // swallow it
| e -> rethrow ( )
finally
SomeOtherCode ( )
There are a few things to point out here .
First , in F# , try - with and try - finally are separate constructs – there is no try - with - finally .
In practice , you usually only do one or the other ( and you should probably be using try - finally about ten times as often as try - catch , in either language – catching exceptions is rarely the right thing to do ) .
F# " catch " blocks just use pattern matching type tests on the exception , much like we saw earlier with the transliteration of C# " is " / " as " .
In F# , to re-throw the exception , use " rethrow ( ) " .
C# has a " checked " statement for checking for arithmetic overflow ;
F# has checked operators in the library , so just open this module and use the operators there if you need overflow checking .
C# has a " lock " statement for locking an object for a critical section :
lock ( o ) // C# lock
{
SomeCode ( ) ;
}
In F# , " lock " is a function that takes the lock object and a lambda of the critical section :
lock o ( fun ( ) -> //
F# lock
SomeCode ( )
)
C# has " using " for IDisposables :
using ( var disp = someDisposable )
{
SomeCode ( ) ;
}
F# ’s corresponding syntax :
use disp = someDisposable
SomeCode ( )
F# ’s " use " is like " let " , it is scoped to the end of the surrounding block .
Inside a C# method that returns an IEnumerable , the following " yield " statement forms are allowed :
yield return 42 ; //
C# yield a value
yield break ; // C# end the enumeration
In F# , you do n’t have to declare a method - returning - IEnumerable to use " yield " , instead you can make a sequence expression anywhere using " seq{…} " :
let myIntSeq : IEnumerable < int > = seq { yield 42 ; }
I added a type annotation just to remind you that " seq " in F# just means " IEnumerable " .
So the sequence expression on the right - hand - side of the line of code above evaluates to an IEnumerable < int > that yields a single value ( 42 ) .
As with a C# iterator block , you can put arbitrary code using yields in an F# sequence expression .
Just as with loops and C# " break " , there is no " yield break " in F# .
The end
I think that just about covers all the interesting C# expressions and statements , showing the corresponding F# counterparts .
I hope this is a useful reference for filling in gaps in your F# knowledge while learning F# .
From Collaborative RCE Tool Library
Welcome to the Collaborative RCE Tool Library !
First of all :
This is not a wiki , so do n't be scared away or discouraged !
It is only built on top of a wiki back - end , which the user ( i.e. you ) will never have to see or directly interact with !
Most important of all to know :
In this Collaborative RCE Tool Library , anyone can instantly add , edit or update the information in the library , i.e. all the entries containing their favorite tools ( and under some conditions even upload the tools themselves ) .
All with the personal and highly useful goal of being able to easily find these tools whenever they may come in handy in the future .
A few more words about the idea :
The advantage of the collaborative nature of the library is of course that if lots of people submit information about their personal favorite tools ( and maybe even update these entries when they hear about important updates for them ) , everyone else will also be able to benefit greatly from this information when they come here looking for good tools for any specific purpose .
Get started using it :
So , what are you waiting for , let 's all create the best RCE Tool Library in the world , together !
Regards ,
dELTA & the rest of the Woodmann crew
Use this feed to keep track of all updates and additions to the library .
The future of biofuel may lie in one word : algae .
The tiny primitive plants can produce a lot of oil in a little space .
Solix Biofuels has a pilot plant in the New Belgium Brewing Company in Fort Collins , Colo. , that uses the excess carbon dioxide from beer making to feed algae growing in indoor tanks .
Global Green Solutions has a test facility in
El Paso , Tex. , that grows algae in tall , thin , sunlit bioreactors .
One company prefers to stay in the dark , however .
Solazyme in South San Francisco leases the vast fermentors used in industrial processes to grow specially tailored strains of algae in the dark .
The algae swim in a bath of sugar water that delivers the sustenance they need to produce copious quantities of oil .
The company can select different types of algae and alter the conditions they grow in to produce various oils that can be turned into diesel fuel , plastics or other products .
“ Some strains come from a swamp in Africa ; some strains come from a high - altitude snowfield in South America , ” says Harrison Dillon , a microbiologist and co-founder .
The firm has already produced thousands of gallons of oil , though not at “ commercial economics , ” as Dillon puts it .
Notably , the company car , a diesel Jeep , runs on the stuff .
And the U.S. military and the American Society for Testing and Materials have certified the diesel for a broad range of vehicles ; the company plans to open its first dedicated production facility later this year .
Dillon says refining production and scaling up processes will allow Solazyme to make algal oil a feedstock for diesel fuel that will cost only $ 2 per gallon .
Because sunlight is not needed , improvements are easier to come by , he maintains .
Solazyme may be the algae company furthest along in producing different oils at commercial volumes , which could potentially be used in everything from jets to kitchens .
“ My birthday cake was made with oil from algae : no butter , no oil , no eggs , ” Dillon notes .
“ And it was delicious . ”
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Dark Horse : Oil from Algae " .
The Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) raided a medical marijuana dispensary in South Lake Tahoe , California , Thursday , marking the first dispensary raid during the brand new Obama administration .
On the campaign trail , candidate Obama said repeatedly he would end such raids .
DEA and SFPD dispensary raid , May 2008 ( courtesy Bay Area Indymedia )
Neither the DEA nor the Obama administration had commented on the raid by Thursday evening .
With the Obama administration mere days in office , many high - ranking Bush officials are still on the job , including acting DEA administrator Michele Leonhart , who has been responsible for numerous federal raids in California .
The Obama administration has yet to name a new DEA head or permanent drug czar ( head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy ) , and attorney general nominee Eric Holder is still undergoing congressional vetting .
" Whether or not this unconscionable raid on a medical marijuana provider is the fault of federal officials from the previous administration , President Obama has an opportunity to change this harmful and outdated policy , " said Caren Woodson , director of government affairs for Americans for Safe Access , the leading national medical marijuana advocacy organization .
" We are hopeful that these are the last remnants of the Bush regime and that President Obama will quickly develop a more compassionate policy toward our most vulnerable citizens . "
During the Bush years , the DEA raided more than a hundred California dispensaries , sometimes merely seizing their medicine and cash , sometimes prosecuting their operators and sending them to federal prison .
But the DEA has also gone after a medical marijuana organization in Washington state that supplied starter plants for its members , used a federal grand jury in Oregon to obtain patient records , and even threatened New Mexico officials planning to implement that state 's medical marijuana distribution program .
In Thursday 's raid , DEA agents hit the Holistic Solutions dispensary in South Lake Tahoe , seizing cash and medical marijuana .
They made no arrests .
" President Obama must rise to the occasion by quickly correcting this problem and by keeping the promise he made to the voters of this country , " said Woodson , citing Obama 's repeated campaign pledges .
Acai Berry is an amazing superfood
Taken regularly Acai Berry does wonders for you skin , hair and metabolism .
With new buzzwords appearing almost every day you could be forgiven for dismissing this one as just another marketing ploy .
But more and more ordinary people in the UK and the rest of the world are beginning to realize that the saying , You are what you eat , taps into a deep level of basic common sense .
Food is the fuel we put into the organic machines that we call our bodies , and it stands to reason that the best way to keep our most precious and vital possession running at optimum efficiency is to provide it with the nourishment it needs – not only to work smoothly , but to repair the damage sustained simply by living in the 21st century .
But first we ’d better define what we mean by Superfoods .
To put it simply , Superfoods are NATURAL FOODS so packed with goodness that , when combined with a balanced lifestyle , they have been found to boost levels of health and vitality without the need for chemically produced drugs or supplements .
So where does the Acai Berry fit in to all this ?
The Acai Berry is more than a rich source of antioxidants .
Acai berries contain high levels of anthocyanins .
These protect foods from harmful free radicals that develop as a result of exposure to UV light and the process of metabolism .
Anthocyanins not only help to conserve antioxidant levels in foods , but they continue to do this in the body after they are eaten .
The benefits of drinking a daily glass of red wine for its anthocyanin content are put in the shade by this amazing berry , which actually contains anything from 10 to 30 times more anthocyanins .
And what about the Acai Berry Diet and weightloss ?
This amazing fruit has quite magical properties .
Its pulp contains very powerful antioxidants that help in cleansing your system , leading to weight loss in many cases .
When your digestive system is kept clean it results in regular bowel movements leading to weight loss .
It also has properties that can increase your metabolic rate which can result in a person consuming this fruit , burning far more calories than he / she would otherwise normally burn .
Acai can also help by keeping sugar fattening properties at bay which means that in moderation you can enjoy your favorite foods while on an Acai Berry Diet .
But that ’s not all …
Acai berries are rich in amino acids and protein .
. The Acai berry contains 19 different amino acids .
These help with the growth , repair , and maintenance of body tissues .
As your body can only supply 11 of these , the rest have to come from your diet .
.
These help with the growth , repair , and maintenance of body tissues .
As your body can only supply 11 of these , the rest have to come from your diet .
Acai berries contain vitamins B1 , B2 , B3 , C and E , supplying just as much vitamin C as blueberries .
And for every 100 grams of Acai , you ’re benefitting from more than 1000 IU of Vitamin A .
, supplying just as much vitamin C as blueberries .
And for every 100 grams of Acai , you ’re benefitting from .
Acai also contains essential minerals : potassium , calcium , copper , magnesium , and zinc .
.
Acai berries are especially rich in omega fats , providing a healthy quantity of unsaturated fats , including Omega - 3 , Omega - 6 , and Omega - 9 .
Acai berries contain three different plant sterols – B - sitosterol , campesterol and sigmasterol .
These help to keep your heart healthy , as well as assisting digestive function .
And last , but not least …
Every 100 grams of Acai berries contains nearly 45 grams of fibre to speed digestive transit and keep your system working smoothly .
I had been looking to give Acai a go for some time but I wanted to say that I am glad I did so with you .
Hassle free service and a great product that I have already recommended to friends .
- A Burne , Southampton
We think the Acai is one Super Berry !
We use ONLY Certified Organic Fair Trade Freeze Dried Acai from a Sustainable Source and Pure Acai Contains NO FILLERS of any kind .
I do n't understand this .
I know it 's an ad for Fleggaard , a european chain of home and electronic appliances shops similar to Best Buy , but nothing else .
But as an Europerv , I 'll just enjoy it .
There are more here ( NSFW ) , some of them funny even if you do n't speak Danish .
And did I say I love Scandinavia ?
Oh yes , I do .
[ Thanks Michael ]
The Google Code Archive requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser .
A Crumb - Free Toaster
1. Unplug it , always .
2. Remove the crumb drawer and wash it in the sink with hot soapy water .
( Hint : In upright toasters , there 's often a plastictabbed drawer hidden at the bottom . )
3 . Tip the toaster over a garbage pail and gently shake it out .
Crumbs from years ago will emerge .
4 . With a damp old toothbrush , carefully scrub off remaining grime and stubborn crumbs from the heat coils .
Shake it out again .
5 . Let the toaster dry out completely ( I can't stress this enough for safety purposes ) before plugging it in again .
Why do it ?
Dirty toasters are not only inefficient , but also a fire hazard .
Perfect Mirrors
1 . With warm water , scrub off obvious streaks and staining with a sponge , not a cloth .
2 . Dip crumpled newspaper in a solution of 1 part white vinegar , 5 parts warm water .
3 . Wipe in big circles , moving left to right , top to bottom .
Switch newspaper pages as needed .
4 . Wipe with a dry piece of newspaper , and smile at your streak - free mirror .
Why do it ?
Mirrors are the most looked - at item in the house !
Sparkling Toilets
1. Empty out the bowl .
Do this by either turning off the water supply knob behind the toilet ( remember , rightytighty ) and flushing , or pulling on gloves and using a small plastic container to empty the water into a bucket .
2 . Apply toilet bowl cleaner under the rim so that it coats the entire bowl .
Bleach and water will work fine .
3 . Go clean the rest of the bathroom .
4 . Come back and scrub with a handled scrub brush .
5 . Turn the water back on and flush to refill the bowl .
Why do it ?
Cleaning gets more difficult the longer you wait .
Put a Duvet Back in Its Cover in 24 Seconds
1 . Fold the duvet cover into quarters so one long opening is facing you .
2 . Fold the duvet into quarters .
3 . Slide the duvet , long crease first , into the opening of the duvet cover .
4 . With your fingers , hold the two open corners of the duvet cover , along with the duvet corners .
Shake it out .
5 . Look at your perfect duvet .
Do your happy dance .
Dust - Free Lampshades
In most cases , a thorough dusting followed by vacuuming with a soft - brush vacuum extension will do the job .
If you want to clean the shade , add a little bit of mild detergent to a bucket of water .
Dip a cloth in the solution and wring well .
Quickly wipe one small area of the shade at a time .
( Do not soak the shade , since trim and colors could run ! )
Wipe each area with a cloth dipped in clear water and wrung out .
Blot dry with dry towels .
Store Your Winter Clothes Safely
1. Empty the whole closet ( yep ! ) , and wipe it down and vacuum it .
There 's a first time for everything .
2 . Look for two kinds of clothes to donate : stuff you do n't wear and multiples of items .
Sweatpants may be comfy , but do you really need four pairs ?
3 . Hang lighter - weight spring and summer clothing in the front .
4. Clean any winter clothes that are n't 100 percent clean .
Have winter coats and woolens dry-cleaned .
This is crucial before storage , as dirt attracts bugs .
Keep clean clothes in hanging fabric bags , not dry - cleaner bags .
5 . Fill the remaining back - ofcloset and drawer space with light winter clothes .
6 . Store the rest by loosely folding clothing into boxes ( plastic or cardboard ) , carefully labeling each box .
Roll items that you do n't want to crease , such as linen .
Do n't wrap clothing in plastic ; let the fabric breathe .
Wrap delicates in a cotton sheet or cotton pillowcase .
7 . Store wool and silk items ( which moths also like ! ) together in airtight plastic containers , with plenty of moth repellent — or , if you 're concerned about chemicals , natural moth sachets .
8 . Store boxes under your bed or in a cool , dry room .
( A guest bedroom is ideal . )
Avoid hot attic spaces .
Why do it ?
A spacious closet is a breath of fresh air , and fabrics actually survive longer when not crammed into a hot closet .
For more smart seasonal cleaning tips , go to WomansDay.com / Clean
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
This article is adapted from material on the Understanding Uncertainty website
None of us are going to last forever .
Our prospects depend on our sex , our age , our lifestyle , our genes , and many other personal factors both known and unknown .
Even with all this information we 're all uncertain about the exact date of our death .
But by looking at large groups of people who are like us , we can count how many die each year and so get an idea of the risks we face and how long we might live .
This article will tell you how this is done .
By the end of it , you 'll be able to calculate your own life expectancy , based on some of your lifestyle choices .
The animation below shows mortality figures collected in the years from 1982 to 2006 .
It 's these kind of figures that are used to work out what risks we face and when we 're likely to die .
You need to install the Adobe Flash Player to see the animation .
Each line represents a person 's life — the line stops growing when the person dies .
Sort by age will arrange the lines in order of age ( the oldest at the bottom ) .
Hide the living will only show those who are dead .
Ticking Pushing daisies will alert you every time a person dies .
So how are these figures used ?
At the heart of mortality statistics lies something called hazard , also known by the beautiful name the force of mortality .
The force of mortality
The term hazard denotes the fraction of people who die before their next birthday .
If applied to individuals , the hazard curve shows the annual risk of death , given the individual has survived up to now — it 's a conditional probability .
In the animation above , the hazard for each person is given in red .
Hazard curves typically have a " bath - tub " shape — a fairly high early risk of death in the first year , then a period of very low risk , and then a long but steady increase in risk into old age .
We can obtain an estimate of the current hazards in the country by seeing what percentage of , say , two - year - old female children die each year .
In 2006 this was around 0.0186 % , and this percentage risk is shown in the animation below .
The figures also show that 0.455 % female babies die in their first year , and 25.4 % of 96 - year old women die before their 97th birthday .
( When you pass your mouse over the curve , you will see the percentage risk for the corresponding age , rounded to one decimal place . )
You need to install the Adobe Flash Player to see the animation .
If you move the slider you can see how the hazard has changed over the last 25 years : the number of babies that die in their first year has halved , and the hazard for people in the 60s and 70s has dropped a lot .
But people in their 90s do n't seem to have benefited from all the improvements in lifestyle and healthcare .
Ticking
Log scale will present a scaled version of the curve which accentuates the bath - tub shape .
Survival curves
Survival curves show the percentage of people of each sex who will reach each successive birthday , assuming the average risks currently faced in the UK .
This curve steadily declines until all are dead .
If you are willing to ignore all your personal information and simply consider yourself as " average " , then this assesses your chance of being alive at each year in the future .
The animation below shows a survival curve .
You can find your expected age of death by entering your age and sex , and use the slider to see how this changed over the years .
You need to install the Adobe Flash Player to see the animation .
From hazard to survival
We can get from hazard to survival curves by applying the percentage risk given by the hazard curve to an imaginary group of people born in a specific year .
Let 's see what we would expect to happen to 100,000 females born in 2006 .
The hazard data tell us that we would expect 455 ( 0.455 % of 100,000 ) to die in their first year of life , leaving
100,000 - 455 = 99,545 .
The hazard percentage is shown in the second column of the table below .
The third column shows the number expected to be alive at the start of the corresponding year of life and the final column shows the number expected to die during that year of life .
Of these 99,545 , we expect 0.038 % ( 38 ) to die before their second birthday , leaving 99,507 , and so on .
The 100,000 steadily decrease , until there are 2,833 expected to reach their 99th birthday .
Of these , 30.7 % ( 870 ) are expected to die before their 100th birthday , leaving 2,833 - 870 = 1,967 ( around 2 % of the original 100,000 ) reaching 100 .
The third column , converted into percentages , gives the numbers making up a survival curve for females born in 2006 : it shows the percentage of people reaching each birthday .
To get the survival curve starting at a specific age , say for people who have already reached 54 , we just need to look at the part of the table starting at 54 , and rescale the third column so that it starts at 100,000 .
Since we apply the same hazard percentages ( those of 2006 ) to each year of life , all this assumes that the hazards do not change in the future .
This is of course is very unlikely , and so the survival curves should really be adjusted for whatever benefits to health can be expected in future .
Life expectancy
The final column of the Table shows the number of people expected to die at each age , and we can use this to calculate the average length of life , or life expectancy .
Start by assuming ( unrealistically ) that everyone dies on their birthday .
Then out of 100,000 females born , 455 will live 0 years , 38 will live 1 year , 19 will live 2 years , etc , and so the average length of life is
Now it would be more realistic to assume that on average people die half - way between their birthdays , and so we should add 6 months onto this figure to get 81.3 years .
This is only approximate and more accurate methods can be used .
Relative risk
So far we have only considered age and sex in our calculations .
But if we gather more information about the individuals that make up our figures , we can calculate survival curves and life expectancy that take lifestyle issues into account .
The animation below is based on data from the UK life - tables from 1982 to 2006 [ 1 ] , presented both as hazard and survival curves , as well as the recent results from the Norfolk EPIC study by Khaw and colleagues [ 2 ] on health behaviour and mortality .
The latter study makes the assumption that lifestyles are not really established until the age of 45 — drinking heavily does n't make that much of a difference until you 've done it for a long time — so the animation only looks at people over 45 .
You need to install the Adobe Flash Player to see the animation .
Enter your details and see how long you 'll live !
References
UK Interim Life Tables 1982-2006 , Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) , Government Actuary 's Department ( GAD ) , ( 2007 ) Combined Impact of Health Behaviours and Mortality in Men and Women : The EPIC - Norfolk Prospective Population Study , Khaw KT , Wareham N , Bingham S , Welch A , Luben R , et al. , PLoS Medicine , Volume 5 , Issue 1 , ( 2008 )
About the author
David Spiegelhalter is Winton Professor of the Public Understanding of Risk at the University of Cambridge .
David his team run a new website called Understanding uncertainty , which informs the public about all issues involving risk and uncertainty .
Search RISKS
The RISKS Digest
Volume 25 Issue 50
Sunday , 4th January 2009
Forum on Risks to the Public in Computers and Related Systems
ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy , Peter G. Neumann , moderator
Please try the URL privacy information features enabled by clicking the flashlight icon above .
They are described in the news page .
Please let the website maintainer know if you find this useful or not .
As a RISKS reader , you will probably not be surprised by what is revealed …
Contents
Sunrise on the post - leap - second era
< Tony Finch < dot@dotat.at >>
Just before the start of this year there was a leap second , and I am looking forward to reading the usual collection of stories about the problems it caused .
Over the last several years there has been discussion about abolishing leap seconds , to eliminate the glitches they cause and simplify standard time so that it agrees with the naive model built in to much software and many API and protocol standards .
For a recent update on the discussion , see the following slides .
http://www.navcen.uscg.gov/cgsic/meetings/48thmeeting/Reports/Timing%20Subcommittee/48-LS%2020080916.pdf
The disadvantage is that atomic time has a different length of day to the Earth , and this difference is increasing more and more rapidly .
Some people object strongly to the idea of decoupling civil time from the rotation of the Earth , and the break with historical ways of measuring time that this implies .
The problem is how to reconcile the simple uniformity of atomic time with the erratic deceleration of the Earth .
I believe that my proposal for a rational replacement for daylight saving time also provides an answer to the leap second question .
http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Risks/25.10.html#subj1
The essence of sunrise time is that we reset our clocks each day ( by slightly adjusting their timezone ) to a fixed time when the sun rises at a benchmark location .
For the UK , the benchmark location would be where the Greenwich meridian crosses the Tropic of Cancer .
This simple mechanism makes even more daylight available when people are awake than conventional DST , and eliminates political argument .
If you are setting civil time according to when the sun rises , then it is by definition coupled to the rotation of the Earth , and there can be no accelerating difference between them .
This is true even if the underlying time scale does diverge in this way because it uses fixed - length SI seconds .
This mechanism even lasts beyond the time when the current leap second rules become unworkable because we need more than 12 each year .
Our systems would only have to know about atomic time and local time , translating between them using the existing time zone mechanism .
There would no longer be any need for complicated and unpredictable UTC .
Instead we 'd gain straight - forward compatibility between the most modern way of keeping time - the atomic clock - and the most ancient - getting up when the sun rises !
f.anthony.n.finch < dot@dotat.at >
http://dotat.at/
Zounds !
Zinger : Zune Zapped Zealously with Zero-tolerance
<" Peter G. Neumann " < neumann@csl.sri.com >>
Starting at midnight on 30 December 2008 , the 366th day of the year , Zunes ( Microsoft 's portable media players ) displayed only a frozen start - up screen .
[ Source : Jenna Wortham , A Year Ticks Over , and Zunes Get Hiccups , * The New York Times * , 1 Jan 2009 , National Edition B9 ; PGN -ed ]
The most logical cause of this bug would seem to be a programmer forgetting that not all years have 365 days .
[ This risk was also noted by Martyn Thomas , Martin Ward , and Peter Gregory -- who added this comment : Microsoft is yearning to expand its market space into embedded systems in automobiles , military systems , and other areas .
Am I being overly fearful of the consequences of a Microsoft whose products are even more deeply embedded into the machinery of our lives ?
Today is one of those days when I am distrustful of technology as a path for an easier life .
PG
See also the following follow - up item from David Magda .
PGN ]
This is of course reminiscent of numerous previous leap - year fiascos previously reported in RISKS .
For leap - year historians , do a search on " leap " ( year and day help narrow it a little ) .
Even apart from the leap - year digital watch problems noted repeatedly over the years by Mark Brader ( see RISKS - 25.07 ) , the number of RISKS items is quite large -- particularly in volume 6 ( 1988 ) , 13 ( 1992 ) , 17 ( 1996 ) , 20 ( 2000 ) , and 25 ( 2008 ) .
Zounds !
Zinger : Zune Zapped Zealously with Zero-tolerance
< David Magda < dmagda@ee.ryerson.ca >>
On Dec 31 , 2008 , at 20:36 , David Magda wrote : >
People still can't get leap years right even though they 've been > around since Pope Gregory XIII 's decree in 1582 : > Q : Why did this occur at precisely 12:01 a.m. on December 31 , 2008 ? >
A : There is a bug in the internal clock driver causing the 30 GB device > to improperly handle the last day of a leap year .
>
http://forums.zune.net/412486/ShowPost.aspx
The issue is an infinite loop : > while ( days > 365 ) { > if ( IsLeapYear ( year ) ) { > if ( days > 366 ) { > days -= 366 ; > year += 1 ; > } > } else { > days -= 365 ; > year += 1 ; > } > } >
Under normal circumstances , this works just fine .
The function keeps > subtracting either 365 or 366 until it gets down to less than a year 's > worth of days , which it then turns into the month and day of month .
Thing > is , in the case of the last day of a leap year , it keeps going until it > hits 366 .
Thanks to the if ( days > 366 ) , it stops subtracting anything if > the loop happens to be on a leap year .
But 366 is too large to break out > of the main loop , meaning that the Zune keeps looping forever and does n't > do anything else .
http://www.zuneboards.com/forums/349447-post1.html
Backward Hebrew writing on iPhone calendar
<" Steven M. Bellovin " < smb@cs.columbia.edu >>
I recently succumbed to the reality distortion field and bought myself an iPhone .
To make sure I have Jewish holidays on my calendar , I used a Mac to subscribe to a web - based calendar ; this particular one will , on request , include the name of the holiday in Hebrew as well as in English transliteration .
The result was amusing : the Hebrew words are written left - to - right , rather than the proper right - to - left .
It 's a display problem on the iPhone itself ; my Mac 's iCal program ( from which the iPhone got the data ) and the open source Sunbird calendar both display the text correctly .
The iPhone 's web browser is even more amusing .
It displays the text of Hebrew language web pages correctly ; however , the characters in the title bar are reversed .
Again , Safari on MacOS gets it all right ( or , rather , gets it right - to - left ) .
Ah , well — at least it 's not a 30 GB Zune on December 31 of a leap year ....
( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/01/technology/personaltech/01zune.html)
Steve Bellovin , http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~smb
We can't stop the train because our GPS is broken
< Hawkins Dale < hawkins@hawkinsdale.com >>
http://new.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/77987/
" Passengers on a Southern [ England ] service from East Croydon were stunned when they were told that their stopping train would skip six stations and go direct to the end of the line in Caterham , Surrey .
When they got there the driver said the reason was that the train had lost its satellite link .
Apparently the GPS is n't there to determine where to line up the train with the platform .
Instead , it senses which station the train 's in , so that it knows not to open doors that may not be lined up with the platform , since some stations have short platforms .
Other methods , such as having the driver look out the window at the sign , have apparently been discarded in favor of these more modern techniques .
There 'll always be a Nengland , I guess .
[ I can not res-train myself from chuckling .
PGN ]
Medical devices lag in iPod age ; Patients ' safety is at risk
< Monty Solomon < monty@roscom.com >>
[ Source : Carolyn Y. Johnson , * The Boston Globe* , 29 Dec 2008 ]
A 32 - year - old woman was on the operating table for routine gall bladder surgery , and doctors needed a quick X -ray .
To keep her chest still while the image was shot , her ventilator was switched off .
But the anesthesiologist , distracted by another problem , forgot to turn the breathing machine back on .
The woman died .
The case is an extreme example of the kind of error that could be prevented if medical devices were designed to talk to each other , says Dr. Julian Goldman , a Massachusetts General Hospital anesthesiologist who has compiled such instances from across the United States to highlight the need for medical device " connectivity . "
In this case , he says , synchronizing the X - ray machine with the ventilator , so the image was automatically timed to a natural pause in breathing , would have made it unnecessary to turn it off .
As technology moves forward , people expect the electronic devices of everyday life to work together , from cellphones that can call or text - message other phones , to computers that interconnect with a slew of gadgets .
But in the medical world , where the stakes are higher , such flexible interconnection is rare .
Each device operates in its own silo .
" It is really unacceptable , and it's one of the reasons we 're unable to make dramatic improvements in patient safety , " said Goldman , a leader in calling for a new generation of medical devices that talk to each other .
Now the push for greater connectedness in hospital electronics is gaining momentum .
The goal is devices that can not only plug into one another , but can also " understand " each other and automatically identify potential life - threatening problems sooner than they would have been caught by busy nurses and doctors .
In October , a task force — including Partners HealthCare , Mass .
General , Johns Hopkins Medicine , Kaiser Permanente , and the Boston - based Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology — released sample language that hospitals can incorporate into contracts with vendors of medical devices , requiring that manufacturers create products capable of communicating with other devices using agreed - upon standards .
...
http://www.boston.com/news/science/articles/2008/12/29/medical_devices_lag_in_ipod_age/
JournalSpace wiped out ; no backups
< Lindsay Marshall < Lindsay.Marshall@newcastle.ac.uk >>
Blogging service JournalSpace has been completely wiped out after the drives that housed their entire database were overwritten .
The problem was that their backups were n't actually backups at all .
The servers were set up with a mirrored RAID system so that if the primary drive should fail , the secondary drive would be used to recover the primary .
As a result , when the data was overwritten on one drive , the other followed suit and cleared itself .
A data recovery team was unable to retrieve the database .
http://lifehacker.com/5122848/hard-lessons-in-the-importance-of-backups-journalspace-wiped-out
Some * digital * reception will go black in February !
<" Daniel P. B. Smith " < usenet2006@dpbsmith.com >>
I 'm pretty sure I 'm right about this , but I have n't succeeded in getting a clear answer from anyone .
It is n't discussed in any FAQ I 've seen .
On 17 Feb 2009 , some of the people most surprised by the transition will be those who carefully prepared in advance and are happily watching digital TV over the air with an " HDTV antenna . "
Because , on February 17th , some of the stations they are watching in _digital_ now will effectively go black .
The reason is that the antennas that have been sold for years as " HDTV antennas " or " digital antennas " are UHF - only antennas .
This made sense , because VHF antennas are large , bulky , expensive , and difficult to install , and because _currently_ all digital television frequency assignments are in the UHF band .
The problem is that on 17 Feb 2009 , when the transition occurs , some stations will be moving their signals from the UHF band to the VHF band , to take advantage of VHF spectrum that has been freed up by the cessation of analog broadcasting .
For example , according to antennaweb.org , WHDH - DT in Boston , which is currently broadcasting on UHF channel 42 , will move to VHF channel 7 .
However , you will not find any discussion of this on WHDH 's website , which contains the stock DTV advice and says nothing about any special considerations in receiving WHDH - DT .
Like other FAQs , it refers vaguely to antennas and does not emphasize any need to be sure that your antenna includes VHF capability if you want to receive all stations after February 17th .
Not very many people will be affected by this problem .
Only those who actually prepared !
Another issue is that digital television receivers and converter boxes generally set themselves up automatically when first powered on , scanning through the channels and identifying and marking those where digital signals were found .
It is a one - time process and people can forget that it ever took place .
I wonder how many DTV receivers will handle the channel reassignments automatically and gracefully ?
I suspect many people , even if their antennas receive VHF , will simply lose the reassigned channels , perhaps for weeks ... until they figure out that they need to initiate a manual rescan and can remember how to do it .
Digital photo frames : risks of infecting PCs
<" Peter G. Neumann " < neumann@csl.sri.com >>
More than 7 million digital frames were sold in 2008 , with expectations that perhaps 10 million more might be sold in 2009 .
However , the 2008 holiday sales included a Samsung 8 - inch frame sold by Amazon.com , a 9 - inch Element frame sold by Circuit City and a 1.5 - inch Mercury frame sold by Wal - Mart -- all of which were infected with malware .
[ Source : Deborah Gage , * San Francisco Chronicle * , 2 Jan 2009 , C1 - C2 , in a long article , PGN - ed here ]
Those of you with good memories may recall this as another example of an old problem that keeps recurring : similar infections were experienced during the 2007 holiday sales in frames sold by Sam's Club , Best Buy , Target , and Costco , as reported by Deborah Gage , 15 Feb 2008 and noted in RISKS - 25.13 .
[ Thanks to Deborah and the * Chronicle * for the intellectual history as well as the new report . ]
Risks of Australians shouting at your hard drive ?
< Alec Muffett < Alec.Muffett@Sun.COM
>>
ObDisclaimer : I work for Sun , but this is really * neat* : it 's a demonstration of what happens when you shout at hard disks / other loud noises , visualised as performance impact — watch the latency spikes :
http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=tDacjrSCeq4
It makes you think .... maybe " audio tempest " next ?
A sort of inverse of http://www.vimeo.com/1109226?pg=embed ? :-)
Firewall product uses man - in - the - middle attack to defeat SSL crypto
<" Mike Coleman " < tutufan@gmail.com >>
Here 's a new wrinkle on man - in - the - middle attacks I 'd not seen before .
Palo Alto Networks ' PA -4000 transparent firewall claims to decrypt SSL traffic passing through it , so that organizations call apply tracking and blocking to HTTPS traffic .
As explained in the review ( link ) , users ' browsers are configured to trust a new root CA that the PA - 4000 itself has the private key for .
It then interposes itself into HTTPS requests ( and other SSL requests ? ) by automatically generating a masquerading certificate for the site the user is trying to connect to , decrypting the traffic so that it can be scanned in plaintext on the PA - 4000 , and finally re-encrypting the traffic with a second HTTPS connection to the true site .
I invite my fellow RISKS readers to contemplate the technical , legal , business , and ethical implications of this approach .
http://www.informationweek.com/news/hardware/reviews/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=206904763
Woman fools Japan 's airport security fingerprint system
<" Peter G. Neumann " < neumann@csl.sri.com >>
[ Source : 2 Jan 2009 , PGN - ed ; thanks to Keith Schwalm ]
http://www.smh.com.au/travel/woman-fools-japans-airport-security-fingerprint-system-20090102-78rv.html
A South Korean woman barred from entering Japan last year has reportedly passed through its immigration screening system by using tape on her fingers to fool a fingerprint reading machine .
She told investigators that she placed special tapes on her fingers to pass through a fingerprint reader .
( She had been deported in July 2007 for illegally staying in Japan after she worked as a bar hostess in Nagano .
She was not allowed to re-enter Japan for five years after deportation but the Tokyo immigration bureau found her in August 2008 again in Nagano . )
The biometric system was installed in 30 airports in 2007 to improve security and prevent terrorists from entering into Japan .
Japan spent more than Y4 billion ( $ A64 million ) to install the system , which reads the index fingerprints of visitors and instantly cross-checks them with a database of international fugitives and foreigners with deportation records .
The danger of DNA :
It is n't foolproof forensics ( Dolan / Felch )
< Monty Solomon < monty@roscom.com >>
[ Source : Maura Dolan and Jason Felch , * Los Angeles Times * , 1 Jan 2009 ]
In 2004 , a New Jersey prosecutor announced that DNA had solved the mystery of who killed Jane Durrua , an eighth - grader who was raped , beaten , and strangled 36 years earlier .
" Through DNA , we put a face to the killer of Jane Durrua , and that face belongs to Jerry Bellamy , " prosecutor John Kaye said .
The killer , however , turned out to be someone else .
Two years after Bellamy 's arrest , investigators discovered that evidence from the murder scene had been contaminated by DNA from Bellamy , whose genetic sample was being tested at the same lab in an unrelated case .
He was freed .
Another man ultimately was arrested .
DNA has proved itself by far the most effective and reliable forensic science .
Over the past two decades , it has solved crimes once thought unsolvable , brought elusive murderers and rapists to justice years after their misdeeds , and exonerated innocent people .
In courtrooms and in the popular imagination , it often is seen as unassailable .
But as the United States rushes to take advantage of DNA 's powers , it is becoming clear that genetic sleuthing has significant limitations :
Although best known for clearing the wrongfully convicted , DNA evidence has linked innocent people to crimes .
In the lab , it can be contaminated or mislabeled ; samples can be switched .
In the courtroom , its significance has been overstated by lawyers or misunderstood by jurors .
The rush to collect DNA and build databases has in some cases overwhelmed the ability of investigators to process the evidence and follow up on promising leads .
Some crime labs have huge backlogs of untested evidence , including thousands of rape evidence kits .
In some cases , criminals who might have been caught have offended again .
...
http://www.boston.com/news/nation/articles/2009/01/01/the_danger_of_dna_it_isnt_foolproof_forensics/
Phishing Scam Spreading on Twitter
< David Farber < dave@farber.net >>
[ From Dave Farber 's IP distribution ]
[ Chris Pirillo suggests that you really should n't click on the Twitter phishing URL he exhibits .
You certainly do n't want to sass pirillo [! ] , because he does show you what would happen .
PGN ]
http://chris.pirillo.com/2009/01/03/phishing-scam-spreading-on-twitter/
Domain registrar hacked ; numerous repointings ...
< danny burstein < dannyb@panix.com >>
[ This incident is related to the ongoing hostilities in the Mideast .
I 'm posting it here for the technical and security info value .
Please keep this neighborhood in mind if following up . ]
Niv Lillian , Israeli domain registration server hacked , * Israel News * , 2 Jan 2009 , from : ynetnews.com ( an Israeli based web source )
An Islamic group based on Morocco hacked into DomainTheNet 's registration system server on Friday , effectively " highjacking " various prominent domain names , the likes of ynetnews.com and Bank Discount , and rerouting users to a page featuring anti-Israel messages .
...
Appearing as a defacement attempt at first , the attack soon turned out to be more sophisticated :
The hackers were able to obtain a password which granted them access to the server which updates and " translates " the websites '
IP addresses into a Domain Name Service ; and change the IP 's numeral values , effectively rerouting users away from the original websites .
...
The site formed by the group featured graphic images of dead bodies and abused Iraqi prisoners .
...
http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3649281,00.html
Qwest cuts off Internet subs in NM , including government VoIP
< Lauren Weinstein < lauren@vortex.com >>
Apparently as a result of a billing dispute and related lawsuit , Qwest reportedly cut off Internet connectivity to ISP SkyWi in New Mexico , suddenly leaving some 13000 Internet subscribers and 5400 SkyWi VoIP phone subscribers without service .
Some reports indicate that those VoIP subscribers suddenly without working phones included NM public safety entities .
The NM Public Regulation Commission has now stepped in and ordered Qwest to restore service , but the process has been taking some time .
Regardless of who is actually at fault in the billing matter , the behavior of both companies in this situation appears to have been anything but stellar , and again points to the need for a more proactive regulatory approach to Internet access service provisioning .
http://tinyurl.com/qwest-cutoff
Lauren Weinstein +1 ( 818 ) 225-2800 http://www.pfir.org/lauren
Blog : http://lauren.vortex.com
Network Neutrality Squad http://www.nnsquad.org
Computer vs. food and warmth
< jidanni@jidanni.org >
In order to use the computer , I can not use the frying pan nor electric blanket .
Their cheap circuits cause the computer 's uninterruptible power supply to emit an awful whine :
http://groups.google.com/groups/search?as_umsgid=87d4f8ow30.fsf%40jidanni.org
[ A fine example of the EXCLUSIVE OR operation .
I hope you do n't keep the awful w( h ) ine in the refrigerator .
PGN ]
Yahoo tracking where you go - invasion of privacy
< jidanni@jidanni.org >
Intelligent Speed Adaptation ( Re : Douglass , RISKS - 25.49 )
< Martin Ward < martin@gkc.org.uk >>
Re : Risks of excessive State data collection ( Douglass , RISKS - 25.49 )
Answers to many of the questions posed by Toby can be found in the original research paper : http://eprints.whiterose.ac.uk/archive/00002008/
The UK has reduced road deaths from 8,000 per year in 1964 to just over 3,000 per year in 2005 : http://www.statistics.gov.uk/CCI/nugget.asp?ID=1208&Pos=&ColRank=1&Rank=374
Most of the reduction is due to " low tech " methods : repainting roads to create space between traffic lanes , speed bumps and other traffic calming methods in built up areas , more junctions controlled by lights , and so on .
But the paper above makes a strong case for the " high tech " option .
The savings may be overestimated : but every 1 % reduction in fatal accidents would mean 30 lives saved each year .
When 35 people were killed in the Clapham Junction rail crash , it was in the news for weeks and there was a public Inquiry which led to major changes in the operation of the railways .
The inquiry recommended the introduction of an Automatic Train Protection System , at a cost of over £ 1 billion .
Nobody pointed out that in the week of the crash , about 100 people died on the roads .
And another 100 in the next week , and another 100 the week after ...
In the time between the crash and the publication of the report , nine months later , over 100 times as many people had died on the roads , as had died in the crash .
martin@gkc.org.uk
http://www.cse.dmu.ac.uk/~mward/
Re : License plate camera readers ( Re : Arthur T. , RISKS - 25.49 )
< danny burstein < dannyb@panix.com >>
> Fun with speed - trap cameras for revenge
There 's actually a very good reason why this wo n't work , at least in regards to making people pay up for the bad tickets .
In fact , I 've received one myself , which I got dismissed .
The key point is that the digital image is NOT a perfectly cropped photograph of " just " the license plate .
Rather , the picture ( and often it 's a sequence of them ) includes a hefty portion of the rear of the car , and generally the sides and top as well .
In my own case the interpreter of the original photograph , whether human or computer recognition , misread a " 0 " ( the number zero ) as an " 8 " , and I received a ticket in the mail .
I simply wrote back pointing out that the photo showed the license plate attached to the rear end of a BMW , and that my car was most certainly not from that line .
The ticket was promptly dismissed .
Annoying ?
Mildly .
But far from critical .
Now finding the " real speeder " is left as an exercise to the student ...
Search RISKS
Please report problems with the web pages to the maintainer
Top
Last week a Qassam rocket hit a house in Sderot and killed the family 's dog , which was at the building 's yard during the attack .
The dog was rushed to the veterinarian for treatment , but died due to severe shrapnel injuries and massive loss of blood .
Dog Therapy
The healing power of paws Ynetnews Sderot 's at - risk youth experience unique type of therapy by attending dog training sessions .
Process helps them regain confidence , says program 's head
The healing power of paws
" One of the main problems arising from the treatment of wounded animals is that the tax authorities do not consider pets as property , and therefore owners are not compensated for medical treatment of the animal , " said Dganit Ben - Dov , DVM , the Veterinary Services official in charge of enforcing the Animal Protection Law .
" This is the aspect we wish to rectify , since treatment to a wounded animal could cost thousands of shekels , " she added .
According to Ben -Dov , the ministry will also consider funding the treatment of street cats and dogs without owners .
For further details , please contact Dganit Ben-Dov at the Agriculture Ministry by email : dganit.b@moag.gov.il or by fax : 03-9681661
By Zubair Ahmed
BBC News , Mumbai
The militants targeted the Taj Palace and a number of other sites Indian Muslims say they do not want the gunmen killed by the security forces during the attacks in Mumbai to be buried in Muslim graveyards .
Community leaders believe the militants cannot be called Muslims because they went against the teachings of Islam and killed innocent civilians .
One leader said the militants had " defamed " the religion .
Nine militants died when they stormed targets in India 's financial capital , killing at least 172 people .
' Unprovoked '
In what is perhaps their first openly defiant act against " Islamic terrorism " , Muslims in India have decided they will not allow the militants to be buried in Muslim graveyards anywhere in the country .
These terrorists are a black spot on our religion , we will very sternly protest the burial of these terrorists in our cemetery
Ibrahim Tai , president ,
Indian Muslim Council
They said that they could not believe that the assailants , who they said had " killed innocent civilians unprovoked " , were true followers of Islam .
Ibrahim Tai , the president of the Indian Muslim Council , which looks after the social and religious affairs of the Muslim community in India , said that they had " defamed " his religion .
" They are not Muslims as they have not followed our religion which teaches us to live in peace .
" If the government does not respect our demands we will take up extreme steps .
We do not want the bodies of people who have committed an act of terrorism to be buried in our cemeteries .
" These terrorists are a black spot on our religion , we will very sternly protest the burial of these terrorists in our cemetery , " he said .
Other Muslim groups have written to their local assembly representatives to say that if the authorities force the militants to be buried in a Muslim graveyard , they too will come out on the streets in protest .
The council move found some support in Mumbai .
One Muslim housewife , Ruksana Sayeed , said : " We Muslims do not even kill an ant , our religion does not teach all this , we are against all these terrorists and I completely agree with the Muslim Council 's argument . "
However , Naseem Ahmed , a Muslim worker in the city , said the council was wrong .
" They are Muslims and they can be buried even if they have done something wrong .
Our religion does not say that those who have done evil can't be buried in a cemetery , " he said .
The gunmen held dozens of people hostage in two luxury hotels and a Jewish centre for over 60 hours before they were killed by commandos .
India is believed to have the world 's largest Muslim population after Indonesia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Britain 's six - year occupation of south Iraq will begin drawing to a close in March , and the last troops will leave Basra by June , a senior defence source disclosed yesterday .
But instead of handing over to Iraqi authorities , the British will be replaced at their Basra airport base by a large force of US troops , who will set up their own headquarters there , the source revealed .
The withdrawal follows months of planning and security assessments by British and American commanders .
The timetable is expected to be confirmed by Gordon Brown early in the new year .
The initial rundown will be relatively modest , with the tempo increasing later , defence officials said .
" It 'll be very gradual , and then a fairly steep reduction , " one said .
By the end of June almost all the 4,000 UK troops now stationed at Basra will be gone .
About 300 will remain at the request of the Iraqis to help set up colleges for officer cadets and senior staff officers , and to train the Iraqi navy .
Equipment , from tanks to tents , will be " tailored down " , officials said , indicating a gradual rundown .
Most of it will be transported back to Britain , in what has been named Operation Archive .
The exception will be aerial surveillance drones and Merlin helicopters , which will go to Afghanistan for use by Britain 's troops there .
Brown and John Hutton , defence secretary , have expressed the hope Britain 's mission in Iraq will have been " fundamentally changed " by the middle of 2009 .
However , this is the first time defence sources have put flesh on the withdrawal .
It is now clear a crucial factor is the agreement by the US to take over Basra airport with several thousand troops .
They will support Iraqi forces and protect convoys bringing supplies from Kuwait .
The US deployment reflects Washington 's concern for the region 's stability .
The US base also reflects the Iraqi government 's concern for the vulnerability of its security forces , and any possibility of renewed attacks by Iranian - supplied militia .
Before the British start leaving , regional elections planned for next month will have taken place .
British commanders also hope that , by then , senior Iraqi army and police officers will have an effective command , planning , and operations centre .
British officials made clear yesterday they believe the Iraqis are capable of taking the lead in security operations .
Defence chiefs are concerned that the legacy of the British military presence in Iraq should be seen as positive , even though they readily admit that earlier this year the UK did not have sufficient numbers of troops to defeat criminal gangs and militia groups , and restore relative calm in Basra , without US help .
British troops at the airport have not been attacked for two months , officials said .
The Mahdi army appeared to have left Basra on the instructions of their leader , the cleric Moqtada al - Sadr .
Commenting on the prospect of any renewed threat to Iraqi forces from across the border , the senior British source said : " It is not in Iran 's interest for Iraq to be unstable . "
For British forces to continue to have a legally binding mandate , the Iraqi parliament will have before the end of this year to ratify a status of forces agreement for UK troops .
Defence officials said they were confident that Iraqi MPs would agree later this month to such a deal , which is modelled on that agreed , after months of wrangling , with the US for its troops .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup , the chief of defence staff , said last month that British troops cannot simply be transferred " one for one " from Iraq to Afghanistan .
" It is crucial that we reduce the operational tempo for our armed forces , " he said .
Both the training and the family life of British troops have been seriously disrupted by the extent of operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , and defence chiefs are unlikely to back any significant increase in the number of troops deployed to southern Afghanistan until well into next year .
British planners are discussing the scope of operations in Afghanistan with their US counterparts in anticipation of a large increase in US troops next year .
Stirrup said last week that it was not enough just to deploy more British troops to Afghanistan .
What was needed was help in building the economy and civil society .
" I and others have been saying for over two years now we have to get a grip of the civilian effort , " he told the Royal United Services Institute .
Posted on by Jason
This might seem like a strange question but I think it may be at the heart of some of the most contentious issues society faces currently and the near future .
It seems to me that many religious people would answer that the possession of a soul makes a person a person .
For Christians the soul enters the body at the moment of conception and leaves the body at physical death , therefore all humans ( including embryos ) are people .
This also means only humans can be people .
There are ( at least ) two problems with this definition .
Firstly , what is a soul ?
Secondly where do they enter from and where do they go after death .
The answer many Humanists / Atheists / Naturalists and the nominally religious would give is that personhood is linked to consciousness .
This answer is implicit for many people .
They do n’t articulate it but from their attitudes to certain ethical issues it can be inferred .
There are problems with this definition too .
How to we define consciousness ?
How do we assess it ’s presence ?
Perhaps most contentiously , how do we deal with pre-conscious entities ?
So we have two definitions of personhood * but why does any of this matter ?
Lets look at two current and one possible future issue .
Abortion –
If we accept the first definition of personhood abortion is murder .
There really is n’t any wiggle room .
If we accept the second definition then abortion is the destruction of a non-person and therefore not comparable to murder .
It is n’t that simple though , barring a medical problem an embryo will develop into a person so it seems wrong to not accord it some special status .
Right to die –
If we accept the first definition then even if someone is in a persistent vegetative state a doctor who helped them to die ( at the request of family ) would be guilty of murder .^
If we accept the second definition then once consciousness is absent the person is also absent .
Non-human persons –
This last issue is ( to say the least ) not a pressing concern , I may be contemned for even including it .
If at some future date we were to come into contact with non-human entities ( I ’m thinking mainly of AI but it could also apply to life on other worlds ) with the mental traits we normally think of as human the second definition would allow ( require ? ) us to treat them as persons .
The first definition would cause the usual problems for the religious .
I think both definitions have problems but the problems with the first are far greater .
Without any evidence to show the existence of a soul it is based on pure conjecture .
The main problem with second is that it fails to account for how we deal with what might be called proto-persons .
My thoughts on this subject are unfinished so I ’d be interested to here your opinions .
* There are other definitions we might propose .
A person could be defined in biological terms , in terms of their genetic make up .
A person could be defined as simply whomever society / the State / the law says a person is .
Both of these offer interesting discussion topics but I have deliberately ignored them here .
^ The position of someone in great pain and facing inevitable death is different , the Christian position here would be that suicide is not permitted as only their god has the right to take life .
This position is inconsistent to the point of being laughable , but that ’s another topic .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : debate , ethics , humanism | Tagged : abortion , AI , euthanasia , right to choose , right to life |
Jan 15 , 2009
; As always , I will post when the code is “ complete ” , but my progress can be followed on Github .
Also , this post is executable , just copy and paste into a Clojure REPL .
( comment “
First , let me thank Stuart Halloway for picking up the On Lisp ->
Clojure port where I left off .
I do not know if that was intentional , but in any case it makes for nice reading to start with my first 5 chapters and then transition right into Mr. Halloway ’s posts ( which are much higher quality IMO ) .
“ )
; One of my favorite parts from On Lisp is his implementation of an embedded Prolog interpreter based on a simple database and inference system .
My main goal for starting the On Lisp ->
Clojure series was to eventually have this embedded Prolog system to use in my own applications .
I will start out by just talking about a few preliminary structures and functions and then expand on them in future installments .
;
;; ;;
The original Lisp make - hash - table function works on a ; ; cons-cell structure , however Clojure provides a persistent ;; hash structure instead .
I am not going to port the Common ;; Lisp function to Clojure , but instead will modify the Prolog ;; implementation to fit a more idiomatic Clojure approach . ;; ( defn make - db [ ] nil ) ( def * default - db* ( ref ( make - db ) ) ) ( defn clear - db " Takes a db and clears it " ( [ ] ( clear - db * default - d b* ) ) ( [ db ] ( dosync ( ref - set db nil ) ) ) ) ( defn db- query " Takes a db and a key and returns the mapped val " ( [ key ] ( db - query * default - db* key ) ) ( [ db key ] ( get @db key ) ) ) ;; ;; db-push in Clojure is a bit trickier since it will be working ; ; on a referenced persistent hash map .
This version is larger ; ; than the On Lisp version do to the fact that the database ;; being queried is an in - transaction value . ;; ( defn db - push " Stores a value in a the db " ( [ key val ] ( db - push * default - db* key val ) ) ( [ db key val ] ( dosync ( commute db ( fn [ the - db key val ] ( assoc the - db key ( cons val ( get the - db key ) ) ) ) key val ) ) ) ) ;; ;; fact is almost a direct translation save for minor syntax diffs ;; ( defmacro fact [ pred & args ] `( do ( db - push ' ~ pred ' ~args ) ' ~args ) ) ( defn test - pt1 [ ] ( fact painter reynolds joshua english ) ( fact painter canale antonio venetian ) ( db - query ' painter ) ) ;
; There is definitely some room for improvement ( suggestions / criticisms always welcome ) , but these initial functions work the same as the On Lisp originals , so that ’s all for now .
I ’ll come back later for more .
;-m
NEW YORK / BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp is expected to post a quarterly profit that misses its own target and announce thousands of job cuts this week as the global economic slump hurts even the technology industry ’s biggest players .
A sign hangs at the Microsoft booth at the annual Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , Nevada January 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
When the leading software maker reports fiscal second quarter results on Thursday , investors are likely to press for comments on its outlook and on Yahoo Inc , whose search business has been the object of Microsoft ’s desires .
The report comes against a backdrop of a wounded global economy that has stifled demand for everything from personal computers to business software and video games , all markets in which Microsoft is a significant player .
“ All eyes are on the forecast , ” said Jefferies & Co analyst Katherine Egbert .
“ Expectations for the guidance are pretty low . ”
Analysts on average put Microsoft ’s profit at 49 cents a share for the quarter ended December 31 , which includes a U.S. holiday shopping season that has been called the worst in at least four decades .
The Redmond , Washington - based company had forecast a per-share profit of 51 cents to 53 cents for the quarter .
Wall Street is looking for quarterly revenue of $ 17.1 billion , according to Reuters Estimates , also short of Microsoft ’s own target of $ 17.3 billion to $ 17.8 billion .
Egbert says she expects Microsoft to report sales of its Windows software for PCs and laptops to drop 3 percent from a year earlier , making it the toughest quarter in eight years .
She blames the shortfall on weak consumer sales , noting that businesses have yet to cut back as much as retail shoppers .
Wall Street ’s expectations for Microsoft ’s performance for its fiscal year ending in June 2009 have declined since it last reported results three months ago .
Analyst forecasts for full - year net income have dropped 10 percent to $ 17.77 billion , while revenue projections are down 4.4 percent at $ 63.68 billion , according to Reuters Estimates .
POSSIBLE JOB CUTS
With an eye on reducing costs , Microsoft is widely expected to announce that it will cut jobs , following similar moves by other tech firms , including AT&T Inc , Dell Inc , Motorola Inc and Advance Micro Devices Inc .
“ Checks indicate that Microsoft is likely to engage in headcount reductions to the tune of 6,000 to 8,000 employees or 6 percent to 8 percent of its 95,000 workforce , ” said McAdams Wright Ragen analyst Sid Parakh .
“ Our checks also revealed some speculation over the potential for a second round of cuts in some groups sometime later in the year . ”
Other analysts suggest the cost reductions may occur in the next few weeks and could also include more targeted cutbacks and attrition , rather than the big number of layoffs that some have speculated .
Microsoft has declined to comment on any likelihood of job cuts .
Its shares have dropped 41 percent over the past year , while shares in another technology bellwether , IBM , have lost 16 percent .
The S&P 500 Index has dropped 38 percent during the same period .
Analysts are also expected to pepper Chief Executive Steve Ballmer with questions about the status of the company ’s relationship with Yahoo , now that the Internet company has named Carol Bartz as its new CEO .
Bartz told employees earlier this week that she had a phone conversation with Ballmer , who has repeatedly said he remains interested in pursuing a search partnership with Yahoo but does not intend to renew an offer for the whole company .
Microsoft made a bid for Yahoo last year , but walked away after they disagreed on price .
Investors have been skeptical about whether the software company can win online advertising revenue away from Google and Yahoo , which are both stronger than Microsoft in the Internet search market .
If a company that markets to children , Disney for example , licenses its name to a toy manufacturer , ( like F.A.F. ) , and the toy maker makes the toy in China , using lead or arsenic or melamine or bromine , should that company be held liable for the toxic effects on children ?
I ’m disturbed at the flagrant disregard of our children ’s health by big business in favor of increasing revenue through any means necessary .
[ social_buttons ]
Let me explain .
I read about toxins in 1 out of 3 toys yesterday .
So I went to HealthyToys.org to look a little closer at the findings of their toxic toy rankings .
At the top of the list of examples of Worst Toys was a Hannah Montana necklace .
Made in ( no surprise ) China .
The toxin ?
Lead .
406,510 parts per million ( ppm ) of lead .
Is my math fuzzy , or does n’t 400,000 ppm also mean 40 % ?
400,000 ppm is way over the toy industry ’s voluntary standard of 90 ppm , and the U.S. regulations of 600 ppm for lead in toys .
Although no amount of lead is safe for children , the American Academy of Pediatrics has recommended a maximum of 40 ppm of lead in children ’s products .
– Healthy Toys
Since jewelry is usually worn next to the skin , does this mean that recipients of this Christmas gift also get a bonus of lead poisoning ?
Or does that bonus come later , when a kid or pet swallows it ?
The survey by Healthy Toys found that one - third of the toys recently tested were found to contain medium to high levels of lead , arsenic , mercury , bromine , or cadmium .
Only 21 % of the toys they tested contained no harmful chemicals , but 20 % had lead in them , some in excess of our federal recall standards for lead paint .
View the worst toy rankings at HealthyToys.org and make sure to inspect any gift your child gets for Christmas this year .
Part of the capitalist beauty of the corporation is that the shareholders basically have no liability or accountability for the end products of their ventures .
Their profit comes at the expense of our children ’s lives …
How can we make these companies accountable for the products that have their names on them ?
Image : dawnzy58 at Flickr under Creative Commons License
The MS0735.6+7421 galaxy has given up some of the strongest evidence for jets powered by spinning black holes ( Illustration : NASA / ESA / CXC / STSCI / NRAO )
YOU would n’t want to be nearby when a spinning black hole lets rip .
It now seems they can store and unleash the energy of billions of supernovae , with potentially devastating consequences for their host galaxies .
Many of the supermassive black holes that lurk at the centre of galaxies fire out powerful plasma jets that extend for millions of light years .
Though the details of how these jets are produced remain murky , …
It 's one thing to get a presettlement letter alleging that you are guilty of copyright infringement because you downloaded some random music files .
It 's another thing entirely for the elder members of your family to get that letter and find that , instead of music , the content allegedly pirated is hardcore gay porn .
A string of letters from the UK - based law firm Davenport Lyons has users up in arms , and they 're anxious to draw attention to the questionable nature of the letters .
Davenport Lyons is quickly becoming the de facto copyright cop in the UK , acting on behalf of content owners to chase after suspected infringers .
The firm has been in the news several times this year for sending letters to people operating open WiFi networks , saying that they 'll be responsible for the illegal actions of others .
More recently , the firm has been sending letters on behalf of game publishers .
In both cases , the letters demand users pay up for their alleged crimes or face even more serious charges in court .
So it 's no surprise that Davenport Lyons is behind the latest string of letters , which accuse citizens in the UK of illegally downloading copyrighted adult films and offer a pre-court settlement .
The Guardian highlights the absurdity of the letters by profiling a 60 - year - old couple accused of downloading Army F**kers , a sordid tale about Gestapo officers and farm hands and ... well , you understand .
Davenport Lyons , representing the German porn company that created the film , sent a 20 - page presettlement letter to the couple , demanding they cough up £ 503 ( roughly US $ 774 ) or face high court action .
The couple was , not surprisingly , bewildered by the request .
" We were offended by the title of the film .
We do n't do porn — straight or gay — and we can't do downloads .
We have to ask our son even to do an iTunes purchase , " they told the newspaper .
We can't show you the box art
for Army F** kers
We can't show you the box artfor Army F** kers
The Guardian notes that Davenport Lyons has sent out letters to users for a second German porn film with an " even more offensive title . "
We dunno about you , but our imaginations are running wild .
This presettlement tactic is extremely similar to one that the RIAA continues to employ here in the US , as it attempts to ferret out college students that it suspects are guilty of copyright infringement .
Many of the universities that receive the letters , however , are fighting back against the RIAA 's bullying tactics by refusing to forward the letters on to the suspected infringers .
They apparently recognize the futility of attempting to nail down a single user based on a largely - disposable and reusable IP address .
Just last week , a federal judge moved to quash a subpoena that personal information about several Boston University students , ruling that the university had " adequately demonstrated that it is not able to identify the alleged infringers with a reasonable degree of technical certainty . "
It looks as if Davenport Lyons , like the RIAA , has yet to catch onto this concept — or is at least ignoring the problems in the hope that some will feel intimidated enough to just pay up .
Last month , President Bush touted the results of a government - sponsored study by the University of Michigan called Monitoring the Future .
It reported a broad decline in drug use among young people since 2001 .
This included a 24 percent drop in the overall use of illicit drugs .
There was one exception he said : abuse of painkillers .
But , one important metric that was n’t mentioned , and that stubbornly resisted the downturn , was the use of cocaine .
According to data from the group that produced the report , the percentage of both black and white 12th graders who confessed to using cocaine in the past 30 days has essentially stayed flat since 2001 .
The major difference is that white usage outweighs black usage 4 to 1 .
( If you take a longer view back to 1991 , when cocaine usage bottomed out following the outrageous ’ 80s , usage among white 12th graders since then has nearly doubled , while usage among black 12th graders has fallen a bit . )
While we turned our attention to pills being swiped from parents ’ medicine cabinets , the number of youngsters snorting white lines continued virtually unabated , producing a striking consequence .
Shell plans to arrest declines in production in key centres such as Nigeria and Russia by developing oil sands in Canada and establishing a Qatari gas- to - liquids venture .
These projects are intended to replace decaying fields and turn around the decline in the company ’s output .
Shell has said it 's examining new projects that have the potential to add about 6bn of barrels of oil and gas resources .
THE LINE REPUBLICANS CAN ’T CROSS ….
On Monday , Rush Limbaugh took a few shots at Republican leaders in Congress , saying they ’re not doing enough to “ frighten ” President Obama .
Yesterday , Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R ) defended the party leadership , and dismissed the right - wing talk - show host for finding it “ easy ” to “ throw bricks ” from the outside .
Gingrey added that Limbaugh and others like him “ do n’t have to try to do what ’s best for your people and your party .
You know you ’re just on these talk shows and you ’re living well and plus you stir up a bit of controversy and gin the base and that sort of that thing .
But when it comes to true leadership , not that these people could n’t be or would n’t be good leaders , they ’re not in that position of John Boehner or Mitch McConnell . ”
And just how long did it take before Gingrey was forced to back down and grovel for forgiveness after saying something sensible ?
About a half - day .
Turns out that Gingrey ’s measured remarks provoked such a violent outcry that he has now been forced to apologize .
“ Because of the high volume of phone calls and correspondence received by my office since the Politico article ran , I wanted to take a moment to speak directly to grassroots conservatives , ” Gingrey said in a new statement released by his office .
“ Let me assure you , I am one of you . ”
“ I never told Rush to back off , ” Gingrey continued .
“ I regret and apologize for the fact that my comments have offended and upset my fellow conservatives — that was not my intent … Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Newt Gingrich , and other conservative giants are the voices of the conservative movement ’s conscience . ”
Gingrey went on to say , “ I see eye - to - eye with Rush Limbaugh , ” adding that he ’s among millions of Americans “ inspired ” by Limbaugh .
Note , Gingrey had n’t said anything especially controversial yesterday .
It is easy for political observers on the outside to criticize , as compared to keeping a party together .
But Gingrey not only faced a swift rebuke for daring to question Leader Limbaugh , but apologized , in writing , and in an embarrassingly meek tone .
The Republican Party is suffering something of a leadership vacuum .
It ’s pretty obvious who ’s calling the shots .
ROUND 2
Muhammad Ali
The Greatest of All Time
Last night I cut the light off in my bedroom , hit the switch , and was in the bed before the room was dark .
I 'm a show you , how great I am !
The map did n't make sense .
It was one of those grainy , black - and - white topographical maps , the kind of 8 ½ x 11 photocopy you get in the mail to inform you of an upcoming construction project near your home .
The kind you turn this way and that until you give up trying to figure out what it corresponds to in the real world and just toss it into the trash instead .
Rebecca Moore , however , did not toss this particular map .
It was the summer of 2005 , and the map came from a utility company that owned land in the Santa Cruz Mountains near her home .
The map was titled " Notice of Intent to Harvest Timber . "
Moore thought that sounded like logging .
She could n't make heads or tails of the boundaries the map proposed to illustrate , but she was determined to figure out where the timber harvest was going to take place .
Moore , a computer programmer , had recently started playing around with digital mapping tools .
Her original idea had been to plot the hiking trails in her local canyon .
But after an ambulance took two hours to find a neighbor 's house , her interest intensified .
She learned that rescue workers were relying on 20 - year - old hand - drawn maps that were badly out of date .
Moore decided to put her new skills to use .
She obtained parcel information from local county offices and , using GPS data , she plotted out all the homes and roads in the canyon .
The result was a clear , professional - grade map , like the kind you 'd buy in any bookstore .
Local fire companies snapped it up .
So when Moore got the inscrutable utility company notice , she pulled out her favorite mapping tool , Google Earth .
Google had recently acquired the software , which most people are familiar with as the free desktop application you can use to gaze at satellite pictures of your house .
But Moore had been toying with the software since before Google acquired it .
Most digital geographical information systems just offer the kind of flat topographical views you 'd get in a typical hiking map .
The Google Earth tool went further .
It had satellite imagery , so you could see real pictures of what the land looked like , and its embedded 3 - D geographic information allowed you to fly through landscapes as if you were in a helicopter .
Moore was so excited about the potential uses for the software that she had recently joined Google as a technical lead for the product .
When Moore turned to her new employer 's software to identify which parcels of land the utility company owned , she was acting only as a private citizen concerned about a local land use issue .
But her effort to understand what was happening in her own backyard led to a breakthrough that has had worldwide ramifications for environmental and humanitarian organizations seeking to communicate the significance of their causes .
It 's a Bird , It 's a Plane , It 's Google Earth
Los Gatos Creek Canyon , where Moore lives , is the kind of place people move to specifically because they love and care about nature .
Secluded houses sit on acres of redwood forest , which is also home to osprey , beavers and even the occasional mountain lion .
Hiking trails run up and down the canyon slopes , and neighbors form bonds over communal responsibilities like maintaining the winding roads that lead to their homes .
If loggers were going to be removing trees in the area , Moore wanted to know exactly where .
Moore dumped her parcel information into the software and looked for the utility company 's land .
The results alarmed her : it was a six - mile swath jutting straight up the canyon , right below private homes , schools and churches .
The roads the loggers would take were a mess of hairpin turns .
Just recently , a local woman 's car had been crushed after logs had rolled off another logging truck .
These are the roads kids use to walk to school , Moore thought .
There will be more accidents .
The creek at the base of the canyon provides water for 100,000 people living in the mountains and in nearby Silicon Valley .
Soil erosion from the logging would surely degrade water quality , Moore thought , if not gum up the filtration machinery altogether .
Plus landslides were already common ; the removal of so many trees would certainly precipitate more slides .
A little more digging revealed that the proposal was n't even a one - time project .
The utility company was seeking an ongoing permit that would allow them to remove redwoods and Douglas fir week in , week out , into perpetuity .
It sounded like a bad idea to Moore , and also unnecessary .
The proposal purported to be a fire - prevention plan , but from Moore 's point of view , the old - growth trees targeted in the plan were n't a hazard .
In the 1980s , for example , it was a stand of old - growth redwoods , with the fire resistance they 'd built up over centuries , which had been credited with stopping a raging fire and saving many homes .
Moore soon learned she was n't the only one in the canyon worried about the proposed logging project .
A small group of her neighbors were already discussing the proposal 's ramifications and exploring ways to fight it .
Normally , community activists face an uphill battle in soliciting support for their causes .
And in this case , the group , who adopted the name Neighbors Against Irresponsible Logging ( NAIL ) , was told to expect defeat .
The utility company was a pro at these kinds of battles , they were told , and the regulatory agencies usually approved these types of requests .
But in this particular David and Goliath showdown , the little guy had a secret weapon .
Moore realized she could use Google Earth to take canyon residents on the equivalent of an aerial tour of the proposed logging site , helping them to understand the various risks of running such an operation so close to their homes and communities .
Over the course of a weekend , Moore marked up the images in Google Earth , coloring in the land where the logging would take place , and inserting labels to denote well - known landmarks , like schools and playgrounds .
Moore unveiled her work at a community meeting in front of 300 neighbors who so tightly packed the room that some had to stand outside and watch through the windows .
She began her tour in outer space with a view of the Earth floating in inky blackness .
Then , Moore zoomed in on the planet , like the pilot of a spaceship .
The United States came into view , then the West Coast , then the Bay Area , until Moore finally flew to the base of Silicon Valley .
The image pivoted toward the local reservoir and then started flying up the canyon .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
At first the audience was quiet .
But as soon as Moore began to guide the room through the canyon they all knew , people started leaning forward .
Real images of the actual trees , roads and buildings in their community popped up .
The logging area was marked in a translucent red , clearly bumping up right next to the roads , homes and businesses where audience members lived and played .
Using Google Earth 's ruler tool , Moore showed them exactly how far logging would take place from their houses and communities .
She showed them the locations of proposed helicopter landing pads for logs that could n't be removed by truck and demonstrated how closely timber - laden choppers might pass the local day care center and schools .
" Within 10 minutes of looking at the flyover , people were saying , ‘ We can't have this .
This has to stop .
We have to get active , ' " says Terry Clark , a Los Gatos Creek neighbor and a member of the NAIL steering committee .
" I thought I was well - informed ... but I nearly fell off my chair when I had a good look at [ the ]
Google Earth presentation of the logging zone , " resident Lisa Sgarlato wrote to a local magazine after the meeting .
" This three - dimensional presentation gave an amazing topographic bird 's eye view of how invasive the logging will be . "
Soon Moore was schlepping her presentation to more community meetings as well as to sit - downs with local politicians .
Area news organizations clamored for tape of the flyover to run in primetime .
The area 's state assembly member had been planning to travel to the land to take a look for himself .
But the flyover gave him the tour he needed and confirmed his opposition to the project .
Local papers wrote editorials against the logging plan .
Even former Vice President and uber - environmentalist Al Gore signed NAIL 's petition and issued a statement against the plan after seeing the flyover on a visit to Google .
" We did n't even have to try to convince people , " says Clark , who had struggled with more conventional means of persuasion on previous neighborhood campaigns .
" We just put [ on the visualization ] , and they would automatically respond , ‘ Oh yes , this has to stop . ' "
Envisioning Solutions
Late last year , after numerous meetings and agency reviews , the utility company 's permit request was denied .
Ultimately , the ruling was made on the basis that the utility company owned too much land to qualify for the type of permit it was seeking .
But organizers and supporters alike say the ability to provide an aerial tour of the impacted area played an essential role in keeping the plan in the spotlight and organizing community opposition .
" For policymakers or environmental activists , this kind of tool that allows you to accurately fly over a site is extremely useful , " says the area 's state assembly member , Ira Ruskin .
" It obviates the need for a more arduous way of taking a look at things . "
Following media coverage , environmental groups started contacting Moore to learn how they could use Google Earth for their own campaigns .
At Google , Moore started setting up in - house programs to help non-profits .
As demand continued to grow , the company began to realize there was an enormous opportunity to help organizations illustrate and advocate for their causes .
In 2007 , the company set up a new unit , Google Earth Outreach , to do just that - and tapped Moore to lead it .
The U.S. Holocaust Museum in Washington has used Google Earth to disseminate information about what some are calling genocide in Darfur .
Google Earth users can fly in on villages that have been destroyed and learn more about how many people have been displaced .
An east coast non-profit has successfully used the tool to raise awareness about the environmental impacts of mountaintop removal coal mining in Appalachia and to generate support for a clean water bill in Congress .
UNESCO has used it to call attention to endangered world heritage sites .
And over the summer , Moore and a Google Earth Outreach team flew to South America to teach an indigenous Amazonian tribe how to use the tool 's satellite images to spot illegal logging and mining activity on their land .
The tool can be used to envision potential solutions as well as to identify problems , Moore says .
The Appalachia group , for example , used Google Earth to envision a future where mountaintops were covered with wind turbines , and to show how a renewable energy source like wind could produce far more energy over time than the finite amount of underlying coal .
The work has become a personal mission for Moore , whose environmental leanings germinated during childhood summers spent gamboling on her grandfather 's property in upstate New York .
" I want to work on making this tool available to everyone so they can use it to strengthen their communities and protect their environments , " she says .
A strengthened community was just one by - product of the NAIL campaign .
Previously , Los Gatos Creek Canyon residents had identified primarily with the specific neighborhood in which they lived .
The flyover showed how all the neighborhoods were connected .
" Google Earth made it possible for everyone to see what a close - knit community we are , " Clark says .
" It bound people together . "
E.B. Boyd is a journalist based in San Francisco who , yes , has used Google Earth to look at satellite pictures of her home .
At Georgia Tech , assistant professor Charlie Kemp has been developing a robotic dog of sorts .
This robot named El - E ( pronounced “ Ellie ” ) , is designed to do everything a service dog would do like open doors , open cabinets and fetch objects .
It takes over two years and $ 17,000 to properly train a service dog .
The waiting list for these dogs is so long it can take up to 5 years to actually get one .
Kemp and his team studied over 71 commands used with service dogs , but have only put 10 into El - E so far .
El - E can be controlled with voice commands or a laser .
Kemp hopes to see this technology in homes in about within 10 years .
Pretty cool .
Hey Spot , fetch me a beer .
Check out a this press release with a video from Georgia Tech .
See our previous post about El - E here .
Link via ( Statesman )
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. Is ' Senate Candidate No. 5 ' , Says He Did Nothing Wrong Chicago Rep. says will cooperate fully with the Blagojevich investigation .
Dec. 10 , 2008  -- Chicago Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , D - Ill. , is the anonymous " Senate Candidate No. 5 " whose emissaries Illinois Gov.
Rod Blagojevich reportedly offered up to $ 1 million to name him to the U.S. Senate , his attorney confirmed today after it was reported earlier on ABCNews.com " The Blotter " .
According to the FBI affidavit in the case , Blagojevich " stated he might be able to cut a deal with Senate Candidate 5 that provided Rod Blagojevich " with something " tangible up front . "
Jackson told ABC
News this morning he was contacted Tuesday by federal prosecutors in Chicago whom he said " asked me to come in and share with them my insights and thoughts about the selection process . "
( Click here to watch ABC News interview Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. )
Jackson Jr.'s attorney James Montgomery confirmed that the Chicago congressman is " Senate Candidate # 5 " but said " Jackson has never authorized anyone to seek the Governor 's support in return of money , fundraising or other things of value . "
Jackson said " I do n't know " when asked if he was Candidate # 5 earlier this morning , but said he was told " I am not a target of this investigation . "
At a press conference this afternoon , Jackson Jr. did not comment on " Senate Candidate # 5 " but said he has done nothing wrong .
" I reject and denounce pay - to - play politics and have no involvement whatsoever in any wrongdoing , " said Jackson Jr .
He added that he never sent a message nor an emissary to Blagojevich to make an offer or plead his case .
" I thought mistakenly that the process was fair , " he said .
( Click here to watch Rep. Jackson Jr. 's press conference . )
Jackson Jr. reiterated that prosecutors have told him that he is not a target of the investigation nor is he accused of any misconduct .
" I look forward to cooperating , " he said .
He also added to the chorus of calls for Blagojevich to resign and to forfeit his power to fill the vacant Senate seat .
Jackson he agreed to talk with federal investigators " as quickly as possible " after consulting with a lawyer .
Montgomery said his client would meet with prosecutors Friday or Monday .
The congressman , a son of the famed civil rights leader , denied that anyone had been authorized to make payments or promises to the governor on his behalf .
" It is impossible for someone on my behalf to have a conversation that would suggest any type of quid pro quo or any payments or offers , " Jackson told ABC News .
" An impossibility to an absolute certainty . "
FBI Affadavit : Blagojevich Thought Senate Candidate Number Might Give Money Upfront
" Senate Candidate No. 5 " played a key role in the governor 's efforts to obtain something of value in exchange for the Senate appointment , according to the FBI affidavit .
According to the affidavit , Blagojevich threatened to appoint Senate Candidate No. 5 if President - elect Obama refused to help get his wife on " paid corporate boards right now . "
" If they feel like they can do this and not f-- give me anything then I 'll f-- go [ Senate Candidate 5 ] . "
Click here to read the full affidavit .
The FBI says that during an Oct. 31 conversation , Blagojevich described an approach from an associate of Senate Candidate 5 : " We were approached ' pay to play . '
That , you know , he 'd raise me 500 grand .
An emissary came .
Then the other guy would raise a million , if I made him [ Senate Candidate 5 ] a senator . "
On Thursday , the FBI says Blagojevich " was giving Senate Candidate 5 greater consideration for the Senate seat " because he might " get some [ money ] up front , maybe . "
Blagojevich is back to business as usual working in his Chicago office today , which is his 52nd birthday .
" The day - to - day operation does n't change nor is it affected .
There are still critical state issues that he wants to address -- things like dealing with the current financial crisis , looking at ways to keep people in their homes and finding ways to create jobs -- and will continue to do so as governor , " said a spokesperson .
Meanwhile , Obama and Senator Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) are now calling for the governor 's resignation .
Meanwhile , a top aide to Blagojevich , Illinois Deputy Governor Bob Greenlee , resigned today .
The reason for his resignation was n't immediately clear .
Blagojevich and Jackson Jr. Met Monday Afternoon
Blagojevich met with Jackson Jr. Monday afternoon and said he was close to making a decision about whom he would appoint .
The governor was arrested by the FBI early Tuesday morning in order to " stop a crime spree , " according to U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald .
Jackson Jr. said Tuesday that he met with Blagojevich Monday " for the first time in years " and voiced his desire to fill Obama 's empty Senate seat .
He said he was " shocked " by Blagojevich 's arrest , adding that " if these allegations are proved true , I am outraged by the appalling , pay - to - play schemes hatched at the highest levels of our state government . "
Following his press conference Wednesday , Jackson Jr. said that " at no point in time " was he told that he would be named Obama 's replacement .
Jackson Jr. is only one of a number of Illinois political figures whom the FBI is expected to interview in Chicago and Washington .
But fellow Illinois Democratic Reps. Luis Gutierrez , Jan Schakowsky and Danny Davis , as well as Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan , all say they have not been contacted by the FBI or prosecutors in connection to the Blagojevich investigation .
Madigan has confirmed , however , that she is Senate Candidate # 2 in the affidavit , but she denied having any conversations with Governor Blagojevich about the Senate seat .
According to the affidavit , Blagojevich wanted it leaked to the Chicago - Tribune that Senate candidate number 2 was running for the vacant seat because he wanted to " send a message to the [ President - elect 's ] people . "
Madigan said that if Blagojevich does not resign and the legislature fails to impeach him , she is prepared to invoke Illinois law that could result in his removal from office .
She said she may be prepared to take this step sooner rather than later if it appears the legislative impeachment process is too protracted , declaring " Illinois needs a new Governor . "
In addition to the hours of wiretap tapes , which reveal only Blagojevich 's version of events , agents are seeking firsthand accounts from anyone who dealt with Blagojevich over Obama 's vacant Senate seat .
According to an FBI affidavit unsealed after the governor 's stunning arrest Tuesday , Blagojevich wanted Obama " to put something together -- something big " in exchange for going along with Obama 's choice to fill his vacant U.S. Senate seat .
" I 've got this thing and it 's f-- golden , and , uh , uh , I 'm just not giving it up for f--' nothing .
I 'm not gonna do it .
And I can always use it .
I can parachute me there , " Blagojevich said during a phone call secretly recorded by the FBI Nov. 5 , the day after the election , according to the affidavit .
Fitzgerald said , " There 's no reference in the complaint to any conversations involving the president - elect or indicating that the president - elect was aware of it , and that 's all I can say . "
His comment did not close the door on the possibility that Obama or someone on his staff may have known of some aspect of the governor 's demands .
There are strong indications that Candidate 1 may be Valerie Jarrett , Obama 's close confidante who has since been named a special presidential adviser .
Senate Candidate 1 is identified in the federal documents as an adviser to the president - elect .
Durbin said Blagojevich was considering Jarrett until she withdrew her name from consideration .
" The governor asked me if I thought she [ Jarrett ] was serious about not being appointed and I said , 'yes , she told me point blank that she was , ' " Durbin said .
The federal complaint also states that Candidate 1 eventually withdrew from consideration .
In addition , Durbin declined to speculate whether Senate Candidate 5 could be in peril .
The FBI says Blagojevich wanted an appointment to the Obama Cabinet as secretary of the Health and Human Services Department , a well - paying job , or huge campaign contributions as the price for naming Obama 's successor .
Blagojevich Overheard by FBI Saying : ' I Want to Make Money '
Blagojevich was overheard by the FBI saying " I want to make money " and complaining that he was " financially hurting . "
Blagojevich also sought a high - paying job for his wife , according to the FBI .
" Is there a play here , with these guys , with her " to work for a firm in Washington or New York , he reportedly asked .
The FBI affidavit said Blagojevich had been told by an adviser " the president - elect can get Rod Blagojevich 's wife on paid corporate boards in exchange for naming the president - elect 's pick to the Senate . "
Told by two other advisers he has to " suck it up " for two years , the FBI says , Blagojevich was heard complaining that he has to give this " motherf -- [ the president - elect ] his senator .
F-- him .
For nothing ?
F-- him . "
The affidavit said that Blagojevich was interested in a high - paying position with Change to Win , an organization affiliated with the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , and that he suggested in a conversation with a SEIU official on Nov. 12 that Obama wanted other people to be considered for the Senate seat besides Senate Candidate 1 .
Previous phone conversations indicated that Blagojevich knew the SEIU official " was an emissary to discuss Senate Candidate 1's interest in the Senate seat , " the affidavit said .
" Harris suggested that SEIU Official make Rod Blagojevich the head of Change to Win and , in exchange , the President - elect could help Change to Win with its legislative agenda on a national level , " noted the affidavit .
SEIU released a statement Wednesday saying that its representatives have been in communication with prosecutors , are fully cooperating , and that " we have no reason to believe that SEIU or any SEIU official was involved in any misconduct relating to the charges against Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich . "
Change to Win released a statement saying that the organization never " considered , discussed or promised " any position to Blagojevich or his staff and that the group only learned of conversations between the governor and his advisers discussing such a position upon the release of the affidavit today .
The FBI affidavit says Blagojevich thought he might get something " tangible up front " from Senate Candidate 5 .
Aware that he was under FBI investigation , Blagojevich apparently considered appointing himself to Obama 's Senate seat , the affidavit says .
He is quoted as saying , " He will be able to obtain greater resources if he is indicted as a sitting senator as opposed to a sitting governor . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
This week the Knoxville Zoo became one of only four AZA accredited zoos to hatch critically endangered Burmese Star Tortoises .
These little babies wriggled out of their shells to much fanfare , as habitat destruction and poaching has decimated the indigenous population in Myanmar .
Can you believe anyone would want to eat these little guys ( even if they do look grouchy ) ?!
Knoxville Zoo Hatches Critically Endangered Tortoises
KNOXVILLE , Tenn . —
Knoxville Zoo has become one of four Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) accredited organizations to hatch the critically endangered Burmese star tortoise .
In late 2008 , the zoo ’s herpetology department hatched five Burmese star tortoises with one more egg currently in incubation .
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources ( IUCN ) listed the Burmese star tortoise as critically endangered in 1996 and since then , its numbers have continued to decline throughout its native range .
Some experts feel that this species is close to extinction in the wild .
The breeding of this tortoise in captive situations is thought to be imperative for survival .
AZA accredited zoos and aquariums , in conjunction with the Turtle Survival Alliance ( TSA ) , have worked together to determine the optimum temperature levels and overall care of these eggs during the incubation period .
Due to the successful hatching of these five tortoises , Knoxville Zoo will now be able to share the knowledge learned about breeding this species with other AZA accredited institutions .
“ We have learned a tremendous amount from our colleagues , from both public as well as private facilities throughout the herpetological community that are active in similar turtle and tortoise conservation efforts , ” said Bern Tryon , director of herpetology at Knoxville Zoo .
“ We are proud to be part of the collective breeding program for Burmese star tortoises as well as for many other turtle and tortoise species in our collection .
We will continue our research and conservation efforts for the ultimate benefit of this and other threatened and endangered species of reptiles , hopeful to slow the inevitable extinction process for some of them . ”
The Burmese star tortoise ( Geochelone platynota ) is a native species of Myanmar ( Burma ) .
The number of tortoises in the wild is declining as a result of deforestation and poaching .
Significant features and redesigns were added to WordPress 2.7 to make blogging more valuable than ever .
Many users found their themes no longer work the way they were used to , others just wanted to enjoy the new features the new version is providing .
That ’s why today we wanted to present only 15 Free Premium - like WordPress 2.7
Themes that are really impressive and was released recently to use all the new features the new version is providing .
Typebased is a free , personal blog design , with a very clean and elegant style .
Along with the great design , you will find some nice goodies in the backend i.e. custom widgets with some Typebased - specific custom widgets to allow you full control of what happens in your sidebar , integrated banner ad management , 5 different colour schemes to choose from etc .
Demo Can be found here
Absynthe is a beautiful , dark , and mysterious free professional WordPress theme released under the GNU General Public License .
Features Include
Integration with the Last .
Fm Records plugin in the footer to showcase the music you ’re currently listening to
Integration with Twitter in the sidebar .
Completely widgetized sidebar
Demo Can be found here
Snapshot is the framework - equivalent of WooThemes Showcase – so that already guarantees you an awesome experience !
Snapshot is also flexible and can be used for either a photo showcase , portfolio or design gallery .
Features Include
Two different theme layouts / capabilities to allow you to switch between a photoblog / portfolio showcasing your own work or using Snapshot as a design gallery
Three uniquely , different colour schemes which can be tweaked from the backend
An integrated theme options page ( to change your logo or add your Google Analytics & Feedburner account details ) and custom write panel .
Demo Can be found here
Holiday WordPress is a flexible , professional theme with a two - column layout and a “ featured ” area for the latest story .
Once the holiday is done – do n’t fret – the design allows you to easily change the page elements ( such as the background ) for a less season - specific theme .
Features Include
A “ featured ” area that places your current stories at the top of the page .
The content area let ’s you slightly see the background , so you can experiment with different backgrounds to get the effect that you ’d like .
A widgetized sidebar for easy customization .
Demo Can be found here
CryBook is a 3 Column simple theme based on Facebook .
It contain 2 widget - ready sidebar , live theme swistcher and Custom Admin Panel .
Features Include
5 colors scheme to choose .
2 widget - ready sidebar .
Support threaded comments and comment paged .
About Me section in the sidebar .
Edit using the custom admin panel .
Special comment fields with avatar .
Google Adsense or any image banner in sidebar ( 300 px X 250 px ) .
Google Analytics easily insert field .
Demo Can be found here
A bright & colorful free WordPress theme – ClearPress .
The unique feature about this theme is that it divides the blog posts into three separate columns .
So , if you have set your blog to show 9 posts on the home page , they will be divided into 3 columns consisting of 3 posts each .
Features Include
A pull - down sidebar which is totally unobtrusive and contains three widgetized sidebars .
Gravatar - ready and Image Gallery ready
Have beautifully styled comments and archive pages .
The CSS for the theme is commented and easy to modify for any WordPress user .
Demo Can be found here
Portfolio is a “ minimalist ” WordPress theme .
The objective of the Theme is being used as a starting point to create portfolios using WordPress as CMS .
Features Include
Custom Write Panel function creating two new panels for the administrator , one for the posts and one for the pages .
Using Coda Slider Effect with small changes to fit the theme .
The code is commented with links to the WordPress Codex or tutorials
Demo Can be found here
Maasahan is a premium quality free WordPress theme .
Features Include
Twitter Account Integration
Built - in Page Navigation
Featured Post Gallery
Threaded Comments
Option Page for Easy Customization
Demo Can be found here
Pixeled WordPress theme features a standard 2 - 3 column layout with a pretty straightforward layout .
Features Include
Dropdown top menu for categories
Customizable feedburner field on top right
Widgets all around ( 6 positions )
An Adsense ready WordPress theme
Demo Can be found here
Viewport , a free WordPress theme is focused around a clean and simple , content based layout .
The aim is to grab the user ’s attention and draw them straight into the content .
On the single post page the content is laid out clearly in full , with post controls and a widget - enabled sidebar .
The theme also allows the blog owner to change the background image and color , and the image of the ‘ Where Next ? ’ page .
Demo Can be found here
The theme is simply beautiful .
It possesses some unique , premium - like , features that makes it highly flexible .
Features Include
Built - in support for threaded comments
125×125 right sidebar banners .
Now , you can also add Google AdSense code , individually , for each of your banners .
An extensive and inclusive theme control panel
Variable layout structure : Centered content or Right - aligned content ;
Demo Can be found here
FREEmium theme was designed by Paul Kadysz and developed by Dariusz Siedlecki .
Both guys did an excellent job .
Features Include
j Query menu
FlickrRSS plugin support
Threaded comments support
A lot of advertising spots ( 125×125 , 120×600 , 300×250 )
2 widget ready sidebars
Demo Can be found here
“ Elegant Grunge ” is an unwashed yet crisp WordPress theme inspired by wefunction.com
Features Include
Automatic surrounding of all images with a frame packed with eye - candy that makes images really pop out .
A ‘ photoblog ’ tag page that displays entries in a photoblog style .
A widget to display thumbnails from latest / random photoblog entries .
Very configurable sidebar : Choose from no sidebar , a right sidebar , or two right sidebars
The option to select a custom image as the header
Demo Can be found here
A clean and simple magazine styled WordPress theme .
Features Include
Supports WordPress 2.7 Comment Threading
Featured posts nicely styled and designed to catch the user ’s eyes .
Different ways of displaying posts on the home page .
Plugins are not required and widgets are supported .
Demo Can be found here
Versatility Lite is a two column , ad - ready , widgetized theme .
The theme includes a ‘ Featured Post ’ section , drop down CSS menus , integrated related posts , social bookmarking buttons , and much more .
Demo Can be found here
Real - life tragedy nearly struck at a Florida theatre on Monday night , when an actor fired a live gun at a cast member 's head .
During rehearsals for an amateur production of John Steinbeck 's Of Mice and Men in Sarasota , the show 's director , Bill Bordy , shot 81 - year - old actor Fred Kellerman in the back of the head at point - blank range , only to realise with horror that the gun he used was loaded with live ammunition .
Luckily the shot only grazed Kellerman 's skull , and he was quickly released from hospital .
The incident occurred during the final run-through of the play 's last scene , in which George Milton shoots his friend Lennie Small to spare him a painful death at the hands of a lynch mob .
The Smith and Wesson pistol had been borrowed from a fellow cast member in the Sarasota Senior Theater who had , it appeared , forgotten that it was loaded .
In his defence , Bordy told reporters : " I 'm the actor , I 'm the director and we 're running late , and without thinking I did n't check the gun . "
" I was like , ' Oh my God , dear Lord , no ' .
Luckily I was a lousy shot . "
The shooting comes only a month after the attention of the world 's media was seized by another theatrical near - disaster – albeit one that occurred several thousands of miles away , in Vienna .
Actor Daniel
Hoevels made headlines in December after cutting his throat on stage with what turned out to be a real blade .
The city 's Burgtheater later admitted that the knife had been left out by a stage manager who had forgotten to blunt it ;
Hoevels suffered only minor injuries and was treading the boards again the following night .
For his part , Kellerman claimed the worst part of being shot was the loud bang , which caused him to lose his hearing momentarily , followed by a painful tetanus shot administered by nurses at the hospital .
The show went ahead on schedule just two hours later , with an understudy filling Kellerman 's shoes .
No charges have been filed , although police are still investigating the incident .
I did n't intentionally mean to pick another Rob Reiner film for this week 's movie trivia post , but when RiderAng suggested Stand By Me , I knew immediately that I needed to dig it out of our DVD cabinet .
Do n't worry , though , I 'm not in a rut : I think we 're going to visit the Coen Brothers next week .
But for now , enjoy the Stand By Me trivia .
The film was originally called The Body because that was the title of the Stephen King novella the movie was based on .
The novella was subtitled " Fall From Innocence . "
Do n't worry : Rob Reiner made all of the kids smoke lettuce leaves , not cigarettes .
Jerry O'Connell ( Vern ) had never really acted before - he had just one commercial under his belt .
When he auditioned , he recognized Rob Reiner and said , " Are n't you the guy on channel 5 ? "
At the time , the local channel 5 had been airing reruns of All in the Family at the time and Jerry recognized Rob as Meathead .
A lot of the dialogue was taken right out of the novella .
John Cusack ( Gordie 's dead older brother , Denny ) was cast because Cusack had just made The Sure Thing with Rob Reiner and the two of them became good friends .
Reiner felt certain that Cusack would be able to make a good impression on the audience even though his screen time was very limited .
Kiefer Sutherland ( Ace ) used method acting during his time on the set - he liked to pick on the four younger boys even when the cameras were n't rolling , just to keep the mood flowing .
Jerry O'Connell later admitted that he was actually really terrified of Kiefer .
When they filmed the scene where Teddy ( Corey Feldman ) wants to play chicken with the train , the boys were really standing in front of a real , moving locomotive .
But they were never in any danger : a long - angle lens was used to make it look like train was a lot closer than it actually was .
The same technique was used in the scene where Vern and Gordie ( Wil Wheaton ) almost get run over by the train .
Incidentally , the reason the kids are crying during that scene is because Rob Reiner yelled at them .
They had done the take over and over and the actors would n't cry ; the guys operating the cameras and the dollies were getting tired from running alongside the kids and filming them .
Reiner started yelling that everyone was sick and tired of doing this scene because these kids would n't do their jobs , and that was all it took .
Once it was over , the kids were thrilled that they were finally able to cry and everyone made up .
In the book , Chris Chambers ( River Phoenix in the film ) references other Stephen King fictional spots - at one point , he says something about how towns often have stupid names , such as the nearby Jerusalem 's Lot .
Also in the novella , Teddy says something about not getting sent to " The ' Shank , " which is , of course , Shawshank Penitentiary from The Shawshank Redemption .
Likewise , characters from The Body are referenced in other Stephen King books .
For instance , in Carrie , an Amoco gas station was once owned by Teddy Duchamp .
And bad greaser dude Ace Merrill meets his maker in Needful Things .
Wil Wheaton had to fake like he was running slower than River Phoenix in the junkyard race scene ; in reality he was a lot faster than River .
Rob Reiner said a couple of times during the director 's commentary that Corey Feldman was the only kid they auditioned who had the kind of rage to pull off the Teddy Duchamp character .
Feldman 's audition was the scene where he and the junkyard guy get into it and apparently he nailed it .
Horrifically , the leech scene really happened to Stephen King when he was a kid .
It was his friend who passed out , though , not Stephen .
The part where the kids find the body was supposed to be overcast and dreary , but of course , it was a gorgeous afternoon in Oregon that day .
So the production crew used artificial means to make everything look the way they wanted - they even had monofilament fishing line tied to the bushes and had people pulling them off - camera to make them look like the wind was blowing ( in addition to having wind machines , of course ) .
The novella , like most Stephen King books , is set in Maine .
Although the movie is based in Oregon , the town name , still pays homage to the story : it 's Castle Rock .
Kent Lutrell , the kid who played the dead body of Ray Brower , grew up to be a stuntman and stunt rigger .
He has worked on Baywatch , Army of Darkness , Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( the series ) , Titanic , Corky Romano and It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia .
If you 're looking for more reading material , Wil Wheaton has a very interesting blog .
I can really relate to his Rock Band addiction .
If you ’ve been feeling like your computer setup is n’t nearly intimidating enough , a hand grenade would probably be more than enough to make it seem more intense .
After all that online gaming , you need to feel all powerful behind your computer .
A wicked looking case and a glowing keyboard are n’t always enough .
Although , gaming mouses do have all those fancy extra buttons , they just are n’t nearly cool enough .
No , the world needs hand grenade mouses for all .
There are n’t a ton of details on the mouse itself , but it was a mod job which was posted online here by the modders .
The mouse is actually made out of an old grenade casing , so it gives a slightly more authentic feel .
However , being made out of the real stuff it ’s not exactly made to be ergonomic at all .
It ’s just meant to look cool .
The modders actually went through the trouble of wiring up the trigger to function as the left mouse button .
So overall it ’s a cool mod , I just hope if you give it a try you do n’t use your computer too much or your wrist will soon grow to hate you .
Source : Technabob
There is a piece I regard as truly odd in the Wall Street Journal tonight .
Either much of what I have read about investment bank bankruptcies is wrong , or something peculiar is at what used to be the house of Lehman .
A Wall Street Journal article , “ Lehman ’s Chaotic Bankruptcy Filing Destroyed Billions in Value , ” comments at length on a report by Alvarez & Marsal for the Lehman board of directors :
As much as $ 75 billion of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. value was destroyed by the unplanned and chaotic form of the firm ’s bankruptcy filing in September , according to an internal analysis by the company ’s restructuring advisers .
A less - hurried Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing likely would have preserved tens of billions of dollars of value …
An orderly filing would have enabled Lehman to sell some assets outside of federal bankruptcy - court protection , and would have given it time to try to unwind its derivatives portfolio in a way that might have preserved value , the study says .
Based on what I had read ( and perhaps misinterpreted ) at the time of the Bear collapse and the Lehman bankruptcy failing , I had the very strong impression that Chapter 11 simply was not a viable option for a securities firm failure ( at least a large one with extensive trading operations ) .
If this is indeed correct , then it begs the question of why the board would engage a consulting firm to spend three months developing a report on a fictive premise ( presumably to avoid liability ) .
Let us review the facts of the case .
When Lehman was on the ropes , most commentators assumed that the fundraisings the firm was attempting to get done ( the abortive foray with the Korean Development Bank , the sale of the asset management operations ) would raise $ 10 billion , perhaps more , and allow the firm to kick the can down the road at least a couple of quarters .
Bearish sorts like yours truly did not see that as a long - term solution , but a lot can happen in six months .
But when Lehman failed , the losses were ( very crudely speaking ) an order of magnitude greater .
We have grumbled that there has been no explanation of this disparity , and that given that the firm was on the rope for nearly six months , the failure of the officialdom to get a better handle on the possible downside of having Lehman fail was a major dereliction of duty .
Some readers have contended that in fact they did but decided to cut the firm loose anyhow .
I sincerely doubt that .
The SEC did not make an independent assessment ( as did the Treasury in the case of Fannie and Freddie ) .
Fuld would never in private have fessed up that things were worse than the financial statements said ( aside from his massive ego precluding that , it would have been an admission that the public financials were misleading and / or incomplete , a hugely damaging admission from the standpoint of corporate and personal liability ) .
So where could the Fed and Treasury gotten further insights ?
In theory Lehman ’s counterparties , but if the belief was that Lehman really had a $ 100 billion hole in its balance sheet ( prior to the hasty weekend due diligence by Barclays and Bank of America ) , how could Paulson been so deluded as to think that he could get anyone in the industry to take on a garbage barge that bad with no government backstop ?
All it would to was to transfer toxic waste to another party , incurring huge damage to their balance sheet in the process .
Fast forward to the mysterious Alvarez & Marsal report .
The premise of the report is that Chapter 11 was a viable option for a considerable portion of Lehman .
The Journal discussion does not spell out what the alternative process would have looked like , but does specify some of the damage the Alvarez & Marsal report contends could have been avoided :
Much of the destruction of value came from the bankruptcy filing of the parent guarantor , Lehman Holdings .
The filing triggered a cascade of defaults at subsidiaries that held trading contracts .
That created what is known as an “ event of default ” for Lehman ’s derivatives .
This resulted in a termination of more than 80 % of the transactions with counterparties — typically major European and U.S. banks such as J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. , said Mr. Marsal .
In all , the bankruptcy canceled 900,000 separate derivatives contracts .
The problem for creditors is that this also terminated contracts in which Lehman was owed money .
Mr. Marsal said a few extra weeks would have allowed Lehman to transfer or unwind most of its 1.1 million derivatives trades , preserving more cash for creditors .
Overall , the losses from derivatives trades and related claims cost Lehman ’s unsecured creditors at least $ 50 billion , according to the analysis .
The findings , yet to be made public , eventually will be presented to the U.S. Bankruptcy Court and to Lehman ’s creditors .
“ This filing , which was pretty much dictated to the board of directors at Lehman that weekend , occurred with no planning , ” said Mr. Marsal , whose New York firm was hired by Lehman ’s board around 10:30 p.m. Sept. 14 .
Here is where readers are encouraged to correct me if I have something wrong or a bit askew .
I was under the very strong impression that securities firms do not decay in an orderly fashion , but instead collapse rapidly once certain triggers are breached , making it well - nigh impossible to contain the unwind .
In fact , you ’d need pretty substantial changes in both bankruptcy law and the way that trading counterparties deal with each other to have the sort of managed process that the A&M reports argues should have taken place .
Specifically :
1 . Once a firm is downgraded beyond a certain threshold , any counterparties that trade with it will be downgraded due to their exposures .
And when other firms stop being willing to enter into repos ( which do involve a credit exposure ) a securities firm is toast .
Liquidity is the life blood of a trading firm .
And a bankruptcy filing has the same effect .
From Jim Bianco :
If Lehman does file , Moody ’s has to downgrade their counter - party rating to junk .
This forces everyone to stop doing business with Lehman .
If you do business with a junk counter - party , you risk your rating falling to junk as well ( you are only as good as your shakiest counter - party ) .
Most buy - side accounts have fiduciary rules that bar them from doing business with a junk rated counter - party .
Recall that this was the trigger that buried Bear .
No way that Moody ’s will agree to keep a bankrupt broker with an investment grade counter - party risk rating .
2 . The A&M report appears to have ignored the 2005 bankruptcy law changes that rendered the claim made above , that Lehman could have blocked the unwind of its derivatives book via a Chapter 11 filing , incorrect .
From the Financial Times : Wall Street unwittingly created one of the catalysts for the collapse of Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers and American International Group by backing new bankruptcy rules that were aimed at insulating banks from the failure of a big client , lawyers and bankers say .
The 2005 changes made clear that certain derivatives and financial transactions were exempt from provisions in the bankruptcy code that freeze a failed company ’s assets until a court decides how to apportion them among creditors .
The new rules were intended to insulate financial companies from the collapse of a large counterparty , such as a hedge fund , by making it easier for them to unwind trades and retrieve collateral .
However , experts say the new rules might have accelerated the demise of Bear , Lehman and AIG by removing legal obstacles for banks and hedge funds that wanted to close positions and demand extra collateral from the three companies .
“ The changes were introduced to promote the orderly unwinding of transactions but they ended up speeding up the bankruptcy process , ” said William Goldman , a partner at DLA Piper , the law firm .
“ They wanted to protect the likes of Lehman and Bear Stearns from the domino effect that would have ensued had a counterparty gone under .
They never thought the ones to go under would have been Lehman and Bear . ” …
The changes in the code expanded the scope and definition of financial transactions not covered by bankruptcy rules to include credit default swaps and mortgage repurchase agreements – products used widely by Lehman , Bear and AIG … .
Lawyers said the 2005 exemptions also could apply to non-financial companies , potentially complicating the bankruptcy process of any company that uses derivatives .
Stephen Lubben , professor at Seton Hall University School of Law , said : “ These provisions affect a non-financial firm , such as a car company or an airline , because they also engage in derivatives trading . ” .
Now perhaps the Wall Street Journal summary does the A&M report a disservice , and they did correctly parse out any that might have been spared the 2005 bankruptcy law changes .
But the FT article gives the impression these changes included most if not all derivatives .
And there is another issue .
Chapter 11 filings require debtor - in - possession financing ( you need to keep paying bills while holding the creditors at the time of filing at bay ) .
Lehman would have been a very big DIP .
The financial community is a really small pond .
Word of Lehman attempting to line up a big enough DIP would have lead to an immediate run on the firm .
No counterparty wants to risk having trading assets frozen for months , perhaps longer .
So if the logic above is correct , the A&M report looks like a costly ass - covering exercise to protect the board from lawsuits .
And the Journal did the board a favor by giving it reasonably prominent placement .
Is 32 bits really better than 64 ?
At OSNews.com there are a number of benchmarks that promote the theory that 32 - bit binaries are faster than 64 - bit binaries .
They use a venerable 333MHz UltraSPARC 2i as a test platform .
Their first example is RSA operations , using OpenSSL 0.9.7c .
To counter their claims , we have benchmarked the same RSA operations using GMP 4.1.2 .
Since we did n't have access to any 333MHz UltraSPARC 2i system , we used a 296MHz UltraSPARC 2 system instead .
Since scaling results is a questionable business , we have n't tried to compensate the GMP figures for our slightly slower machines .
The gray bars below are taken from OSNews .
com 's best results .
The violet bars denote results for GMP using 32 - bit binaries and the wine - red bars denote results for GMP using 64 - bit binaries .
As you can see , GMP is much faster than OpenSSL .
That 's no news , and it's not the main point with these diagrams .
The point is that the 64 - bit binaries are much faster than the 32 - bit binaries .
This is expected for bignum operations , as we have wider basic arithmetic operations , and thus get more work done with each machine instruction .
Now , UltraSPARC is a particularly poor example for showing the superiority of 64 - bit processors for this problem domain , since this processor has a uniquely poor instruction set for bignum operations .
If we instead would compare an Athlon XP and an Athlon 64 , the latter would be almost 4 times faster .
Why 4 times and not just 2 times ?
Because a 64x64=>128 bit integer multiplication actually performs 4 times more work than a 32x32= > 64 bit integer multiplication !
Niels Möller & Torbjörn Granlund
GMP developers
In order to demonstrate some stuff I wanted to have a set of tagged data to play with .
Delicious , flickr , that sort of thing .
After some digging around on places like theinfo.org I found out that CiteULike ( like delicious but targetted at academic papers ) makes a dump of their data available .
Unfortunately , it ’s a bit messy .
Not the data format itself , which is a simple pipe separated text file , but the quality of the tags themself .
This is more or less to be expected for user reported tagging .
It would be nice to have something a bit cleaner though .
I thought it might be illustrative to clean it up in public .
It ’s a completely hacky process , and not a particularly smart one , but it might be interesting or helpful to someone .
So , first things first .
Get the data : http://static.citeulike.org/data/current.bz2.
It ’s zipped , so not too large , but will be about 300 M unzipped .
It looks roughly like this :
42|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:05.373798+00|ecoli 42|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:05.373798+00|metabolism 42|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:05.373798+00|barabasi 42|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:05.373798+00|networks 43|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:51.839281+00|control 43|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:51.839281+00|engineering 43|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:25:51.839281+00|robustness 44|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:26:33.156319+00|networks 44|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:26:33.156319+00|strogatz 44|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:26:33.156319+00 |survey 44|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:26:33.156319+00 |review 45|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:27:38.983179+00|pleiotropy 45|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:27:38.983179+00|barabasi 45|61baaeba8de136d9c1aa9c18ec3860e8|2004-11-04 02:27:38.983179+00|notsmall
A couple things to note :
As mentioned , it ’s pipe separated .
We have a document id , an anonymized user id , a date and a tag .
There can be multiple tags for the same ( document , user ) pair .
Another thing to note is that sometimes it contains concatenatedwords .
e.g. “ notsmall ” ( a tag which seems to appear only once , for “ Wrestling with pleiotropy : genomic and topological analysis of the yeast gene expression network ” for some reason .
I think it ’s a mistag and was meant to go on “ The metabolic world of Escherichia coli is not small ” ) .
Let ’s get a sense of what the tags for this look like .
We ’ll plot a distribution graph like so :
cat Desktop / current | ruby - ne ' puts $ _.split ( " | " ) [ - 1 ] ' | sort | uniq -c | sort - g -r > citeulike_tags
What ’s this doing ?
Not much .
We ’re catting the data to standard out , feeding it through ruby to split off the last column and sorting the results , giving us a big list of tags with repetitions .
We then pipe this through uniq -c , which collates consecutive unique lines with a count prepended ( that ’s what the - c does ) .
We then sort again in generalised numerical order , reversed , and save the output to a file .
Unix is fun .
Here ’s what the results look like :
[ email protected ] : ~$ head citeulike_tags 212611 bibtex - import 156901 no-tag 27926 elegans 27886 celegans 27825 c_elegans 27795 nematode 27738 wormbase 27736 caenorhabditis_elegans 18897 review 15280 all - articles [ email protected ] : ~$ tail citeulike_tags 1 00301512 1 0025 1 00208 1 001287275ep1114608epa00128727epb00128727 1 0010521342 1 0009811908 1 0009390946 1 000 1 ------------- 1 ___
So there ’s clearly a bunch of random noise there .
The top two are unimportant – they ’re some sort of autogenerated thing – and the bottom lot are garbage .
So , we ’ll throw away the top two and everything with only 1 occurrence .
[ email protected ] : ~$ vim citeulike_tags
Let ’s look at the data again .
27926 elegans
27886 celegans
27825 c_elegans
27795 nematode
27738 wormbase
27736 caenorhabditis_elegans
18897 review
15280 all - articles
14597 evolution
13694 meeting_abstract
[ email protected ] : ~$ tail citeulike_tags
2 035
2 0325
2 0315
2 021
2 01012
2 004692
2 003
2 0022
2 —-
2 __
The top is looking better .
I ’m a bit skeptical of “ all - articles ” .
Looking at a few examples it seems to be something generated along with bibtex - import .
But we ’ll leave that for now .
We ’ve got a bunch of duplication there .
“ celegans ” , “ c_elegans ” , “ caenorhabditis_elegans ” .
Citeulike seems to have a nematode obsession .
Not much we can do about that right now though .
The bottom half is the more serious issue .
It consists entirely of numbers , which is rubbish .
So let ’s filter out anything that does n’t contain some text :
[ email protected ] : ~$ mv citeulike_tags citeulike_tags_old
[ email protected ] : ~$ cat citeulike_tags_old | ruby - ne ‘ puts $ _ if !( $_ =~ /^[ ^a - z ] +$ / ) ’ > citeulike_tags
[ email protected ] : ~$ tail citeulike_tags
2 0graphs
2 0ds - flicker
2 0 - doek
2 0 compas
2 0cath
2 05 - wise-00-01
2 05matheco30_theoretic
2 05matheco25_theoretic
2 04-sose-00
2 041500040u1
Hm .
Those are still pretty shitty .
At this point I ’m tempted to filter out everything which appears only twice .
But after a quick trawl through with less I shall resist the temptation , as one finds things like this :
2 accessibility - technology - for - the - deaf
2 accessibilitystandards
2 accesory
2 acceptorphysiology
2 acceptormetabolismphysiology
2 acceptorgeneticsmetabolism
2 acceptability - judgments
2 accents
2 accent_learning
2 accentedness
2 accelerator - physics
2 acceleration - measurement
2 accelerationadverse
2 accelerating - admixture
2 accelerated - combinatorial - synthesis
Which it would be a shame to lose out on if we can avoid it .
At this point I noticed something annoying :
There ’s absolutely no consistency in how people space things in these tags .
Even ignoring the people who concatenatewords , some people use _ , some use - , some even have things like “ academic - libraries — - collection - development ” , which is just aggravating .
Let ’s try to get some consistency out of this .
At this point I break out of the console and move to irb for some more interactive hacking .
Unfortunately trying to record this turned out to be a pain due to IRB ’s tendency to print the whole giant hash .
So here ’s it is as a ruby script .
This looks for all tags which differ only in terms of the presence and type of _s and -s and conflates them all .
In each case it chooses the most commonly occuring one , takes that as canonical and gives it the sum of all occurrences of equivalent tags .
It then normalises the separator to an underscore .
I ran this as
[ email protected ] : ~$ cat citeulike_tags | ruby group_duplicates.rb > normalized_tags
Now , we ’ve still got quite a few tags left :
[ email protected ] : ~$ wc -l normalized_tags
118785 normalized_tags
Let ’s see if we can figure out some good ways of reducing this ( or at least cutting out noise ) .
I dug around in it for a bit and noticed that there were a lot of tags of the form “ file - import - something ” .
Not that many ( 291 ) but it ’s a start .
We ’ll probably continue blacklisting things as we fine them .
Here ’s an example of where we ’ve got redundant tags :
We ’ve got genomic and genomics .
statistic and statistics .
population and populations .
i.e. plurals .
Let ’s fix that .
For this step we ’ll use a stemmer .
Snowball has a decent binding for ruby , so we ’ll use that .
We ’ll consider two tags to be equivalent if their parts stem to the same words .
We ’re going to repurpose the spacing script above .
Software reuse by cut and paste , yay . :-)
I ’ll need to do this all properly later , so I ’ll clean it up for then , but now we ’re just experimenting with data .
So here ’s a rewrite to identify things by stemming .
At this point we ’re down to 106229 tags , from 118494 prior to stemming and 272919 originally .
Not doing badly , given that most of what we ’ve thrown away is junk or redundant information .
If we threw out the tags which only appear twice we ’d lose another 30352 tags ( cat normalized_tags_2 | grep ” 2 ” | wc - l ) .
I was resisting doing that because some of them are quite good quality , but really I do n’t think we have enough information to clean the remainder up .
We ’re nearly at the point where we ’ve run out of what we can do with frequency and word based information – there ’s still plenty more we could do in principle , but we ’ll hit the point of diminishing returns pretty rapidly from here on out .
One thing I have noticed though is that there are a bunch of tags like “ of ” and “ and ” .
At this point I shall put out the favourite hacky linguistic hammer :
The stopword list .
The one I tend to use was compiled for the SMART system by Chris Buckley and Gerard Salton at Cornell University .
You can download a copy here .
All we ’ll use this for is to filter out any tags which happen to be stopwords .
Here ’s an obvious script to use it to remove stopwords .
This loses us 46 tags .
Does n’t sound like many , but they were mostly fairly high frequency ones , so it ’s a nice win .
At this point I declare this part of the work done .
We ’ve compiled a good list of tags and , although I ’ve not actually written the code to do so , because each tag was arrived at by grouping a bunch of existing tags , it ’s easy to see how you could figure out which documents are tagged with which of the new tags ( if you ca n’t see , do n’t worry , I ’ll be tidying this up and using it to generate a tag list next time ) .
In order to go further , we ’ll need to actually look at sets of tagged documents .
And , to be honest , I do n’t know how much further it will take us .
It may be that there ’s not much more to add .
But I ’m hopeful .
If you want to have a play with the data , here ’s the end result .
The Body Shop , a landmark strip club famed for giving Sunset Boulevard nude dancing and hundreds of struggling actresses work , was shuttered Wednesday after a dawn fire burned through its roof .
A cleaning crew discovered smoke billowing from a side door of the West Hollywood building when they arrived at 6:45 a.m .
No one was inside when the blaze began in the attic , the owner said .
The kitchen , dressing room and office were seriously damaged .
In a 50 - minute battle to extinguish the flames , two firefighters suffered minor injuries , said Los Angeles County Fire Inspector Frank Garrido .
Advertisement
The source of the fire seemed to be faulty electric wiring , said owner Salas Almudarris .
He said he hoped to reopen the Body Shop in a month .
No damage estimate was available .
One of the Sunset Strip ’s most venerable establishments , it opened in the 1940s as a burlesque club , Almudarris said .
He said his family bought the building in 1972 , soon after the club had traded in relatively tame revues -- a topless woman swimming in an oversized champagne glass -- for all - nude dancing .
Advertisement
A former dancer , Nancy Deedrick , said she performed the Strip ’s first completely naked dance at the Body Shop in the 1970s .
At the time , she said , it was such a big deal that Johnny Carson invited her on his television show .
She turned him down for fear of embarrassing her family , she said .
“ Every famous stripper in the world has worked there , ” said Deedrick , now retired and living in Tennessee .
The club has remained popular with Hollywood , Almudarris said .
Motley Crue named the club as one of its favorite strip joints in the 1987 hit “ Girls , Girls , Girls . ”
Advertisement
“ We got princes , actors , comedians , ” Almudarris said .
“ Every movie star you could mention has been in here . ”
Courtney Love was one of the many women trying to break into show business who worked at the Body Shop , he said .
“ She came back to visit about four years ago , ” Almudarris said .
“ She sat in the dressing room and talked to the girls . ”
He said listing the others who spent their before - they - were - stars years on the club stage would invade their privacy .
What about the rumor that Demi Moore trained at the Body Shop to prepare for her role in “ Striptease ” ?
Advertisement
“ She ’s been here , ” is all Almudarris would allow .
Standing outside the club on ground strewn with charred business records and water - logged chairs , he fielded questions from insurance representatives and comforted employees who stopped by , including some of the club ’s about 50 dancers .
One women shook her head and accepted a hug from a male colleague .
“ I ’ve never actually seen you in daylight , ” she told him .
Advertisement
--
harriet.ryan@latimes.com
Show Me The Science Month Day 4 How did we become human ?
You can ask the same question in a slightly different way : how did we become different from chimps ?
Although the common ancestor that we shared with chimps 5 - 7 million years ago was not itself a chimp , it probably resembled modern - day chimps much more than it resembled us .
Both humans and chimps have been changing under evolutionary pressure since our lineages split , but humans have obviously picked up traits that make us stand out from other modern apes , most notably our intelligence .
To understand how evolution has shaped our species , biologists are looking for the genes that have experienced the most evolutionary change since we diverged from chimps .
Finding these fast - evolving genes is n't easy , because there are other , more random processes that can imitate the signature of natural selection in the genome .
If you can't distinguish genes that are being pushed by natural selection from genes being shaped by non-adaptive effects , then you cannot get at the genetic roots of how our species evolved since we parted ways with chimps .
A group of researchers , based at Uppsala University in Sweden and at UC San Francisco in the US , scoured the human genome and found that a process called biased gene conversion is mimicking the genetic signature of natural selection .
The first step in this research was to find human - specific changes ; that is , DNA changes that have occurred in the human lineage , after humans split off from chimps .
To find these changes , you need the chimp genome and at least one other genome .
Here 's why : if humans have a ' G ' at a particular DNA position , and chimps have an ' A ' at that same position in their genomes , how can you tell which lineage experienced the change ?
Did the human - chimp common ancestor have an ' A ' or a ' G ' ?
To answer that question , you have to examine the genome of a species that is more distantly related , such as the macaque .
Humans , chimps , and macaques all shared a common ancestor a long way back .
At some point , the macaque lineage and the human - chimp lineage went their separate ways .
Millions of years later , the human and chimp lineages diverged .
This means that by looking at the macaque genome , you can get some idea of whether a DNA change occurred in the human lineage or the chimp lineage .
If chimps and macaques are identical at one DNA position ( let 's say they have an ' A ) , but humans differ at that position ( we have a ' G ' ) , we infer that the human lineage acquired the mutation - a conversion from an ' A ' to a ' G ' , since the most likely scenario is that macaques and chimps have an ' A ' inherited directly from our common ancestor .
Of course it 's formally possible that the human sequence is the ancestral one , and that the chimp and macaque sequences both mutated in identical ways - a very improbable scenario in most cases .
Following this reasoning , it is possible to identify spots in the human genome that have changed since humans and chimps split off .
Are these changes due to natural selection , or some other biological process driven by chance ?
The researchers found that the pattern of human - specific changes at many places in the genome were best explained by a largely non-adaptive process called biased gene conversion .
This biased gene conversion , the authors suggest , is caused by a well - known biochemical process that occurs when maternal and paternal chromosomes swap pieces during the generation of sperm and egg cells .
This means that the inherent biochemical jumpiness in the genome can be a powerful force , one other than natural selection , that shapes our genetics .
This is not to say that biased gene conversion is responsible for all differences - the authors detected the effects of this process at certain hotspots around the genome .
Biologists have long known of processes other than natural selection that cause evolutionary change .
What is this particular paper shows is that one of these processes can generate genetic signatures that look like natural selection , even though this process is in most cases functionally neutral or even harmful .
Biased gene conversion may not be a sign of natural selection , but its signature in our genomes is a clear indication that we have a long history , shaped by a variety of evolutionary forces .
Join me tomorrow for day five of Show Me the Science month .
Evolution as a science is alive and well .
Each day I will blog about a paper related to evolution published in 2009 .
My interest in Charles Dickens ’ A Christmas Carol began one Christmas eve when , as a small child , my parents turned on network radio to listen to what , even then , had become a classic Christmas eve festivity : Lionel Barrymore ’s presentation of the Dickens story .
Radio was a medium that required the imagination to paint scenes far more colorful , and to concoct monsters far scarier , than anything motion pictures or television have ever been able to present .
With radio , the listener was the stage designer , costumer , and location director .
In later years , I watched Alistair Sim ’s movie version of the story — the best of all the movietreatments , in my view .
The film ’s special effects portrayal of Marley was nowhere as hideous and frightening as the one I had created in my mind while listening to the radio .
Listening to Marley ’s chains being dragged up a darkened staircase elicited a stark terror that far exceeded the scene I saw in the movie .
As I became older , I decided that Mr. Dickens had given Ebenezer Scrooge an undeserved reputation for villainy , placing him in such company as Uriah Heep , Iago , Dr. Moriarty , or Snidely Whiplash , to name but a few .
It is my purpose , in making this holiday defense of myclient , to present to you a different interpretation of the story , that you will see the villainy not in my client ’s character , but in Charles Dickens ’ miscasting of the true heroes of the timeof which he wrote , namely , the industrialists and financiers who created that most liberating epoch in human history : the industrial revolution .
A Christmas Carol : Ult ... Best Price : $ 13.28 ( as of 05:15 EST - Details )
Lest there be any readers who need reminding of the virtues of this period , let me quote from that eminent English historian , T.S. Ashton , who wrote of the impoverished conditions of England and other nationsprior to the industrial revolution .
As he expressed it , “ [t ] he central problem of the age was how to feed and clothe and employ generations of children outnumbering by far those of any earlier time . ”
England , he went on , “ was delivered , not by her rulers , but by those who , seeking no doubt their own narrow ends , had the wit and resources to devise new instruments of production and new methods of administering industry .
There are today on the plains of India and China men and women , plague - ridden and hungry , living lives little better , to outward appearance , than those of the cattle that toil with them by day and share their places of sleep by night .
Such Asiatic standards , and such unmechanized horrors , are the lot of those who increase their numbers without passingthrough an industrial revolution . ”
It is out of profound respect for those whose pursuits of their selfish interests have done far more to better the lives of others than have the combined efforts of all the self - styled altruists , saints , social workers , politicians , and other mischievous beings , that I have undertaken this defense of one of the most maligned financiers of this humanizing epoch .
As you read my defense of Scrooge , and make a comparative judgment of my client and his accuser , CharlesDickens , I ask you to keep in mind the warnings of another 19th - century writer , Anatole France , who observed : “ Those who have given themselves the most concern about the happiness of peoples have made their neighbours very miserable . ”
May it please the Court . . . and frankly , even if it does n’t please the Court .
I find myself , once again , in the company of people like Clarence Darrow , who observed that “ there are those who run with the hunters , and those who run with the hunted . ”
In representing my client , Ebenezer Scrooge , I am running with the hunted .
Over the years , we have witnessed a thoroughly one - sided treatment of my client at the hands of the prosecution , as represented by Charles Dickens .
On the basis of emotionally - riddled allegations , coupled with pure economic ignorance , we have been asked to find Mr. Scrooge “ guilty ” of the most ill - defined wrongdoings .
Most of us have been dissuaded from even imagining the possibility of a defense for a man like Scrooge .
Indeed , I suspect that many reading this brief are doing so under the impression that this is nothing more than a joke or , at best , a humorous proceeding designed to satisfy your legalistic fancies about “ due process , ” so that you may proceed to hang my client with a clear conscience on your part .
In this day of Ashcroftian logic , wherein dissent is regarded as evidence of criminal conspiracy , some of you might be inclined to take a front - row seat alongside another Dickens character — and precursor to FoxNews commentators — the irrepressible Madame LeFarge , to demand Scrooge ’s swift punishment , lest the accused slip through the net on the “ legal technicality ” that he was not guilty as charged !
Not unlike the allegations in a child abuse case , many may be inclined to respond : “ what kind of defense could be made of a man like that ?
What would you expect someone who had done such a horrible deed to say ? ”
To even mount a defense on behalf of my client is to risk the disapprobation of all those burdened by the sentiments of “ political correctness . ”
This is the age of tabloid thinking , which presumes that if allegations rise to a sufficient level of heinousness , no defense is conceivable , not even the defense of “ innocent of the charges alleged .
” Some might even say that the more atrocious the allegations leveled at another , the less evidence that is necessary to sustain the charges , and the greater the burden upon the defendant to refute and disprove such charges .
What is the bill of particulars with which my client is charged ?
Pay close attention to Mr. Dickens ’ allegations .
His case comes down to just two points : [ 1 ] my client has managed to become very rich , and , [ 2 ] he insists on keeping his money for himself .
That ’s it !
That is the essence of his alleged wrongdoing .
Knowing that the facts of this case support no more wrongdoing against my client than his being self - interest motivated , Mr. Dickens resorts to a subtle form of vilification by giving my client a pejorative name in an effort to win you over to the prosecution side by your expected revulsion at the sound of his name :
S-C-R-O-O-G-E !
Though I hope that you are sophisticated enough to resist such an apparent ad hominem attack against people of wealth , such has not been the response of most men and women .
Like Ayn Rand ’s sniveling bureaucrat , Wesley Mouch , the name “ Ebenezer Scrooge ” is designed to evoke prejudice and animosity in the mind of the reader , so that people will be predisposed to support any case against the man , no matter how ill - founded .
Even Ebenezer ’s politically - correct nephew is blessed with a name from the maternal side of Scrooge ’s family .
Dickens certainly had more neutral or wholesome names from which to have chosen for my client .
David Copperfield , Nicholas Nickleby , Mr. Macawber comeimmediately to mind .
Even the character Fezziwig conjures up a joviality and good - natured spirit in the minds of those who had never read the story .
Can you imagine my client with the name Sidney Carten , going off to work each day expressing the thought “ ’tis a far , far better thing that I do today ” ?
Can you imagine such words coming from the pen of Charles Dickens and crossing the lips of my client as he goes about his business of lending money to those whose productive dreams will help to enhance the well - being of tens of thousands of total strangers ?
A Christmas Carol Best Price : null Buy New $ 0.99 ( as of 01:10 EST - Details )
Just as a defendant is told that he must take his plaintiff as he finds him , a lawyer must take his client as he finds him .
And so I proceed to the merits — if , indeed , such exist — of the case against Ebenezer Scrooge .
While a general demurrer should have disposed of this bogus and malicious action in swift fashion at the outset , such was apparently not done in a timely manner by my predecessor , and I am now compelled to go forward on the facts – and their legal significance – of this case .
Taking my client as the miserable fellow Dickens has presented him , let me be the first to admit that if Ebenezer ’s obsession with materialistic pursuits rendered him an unhappy person , and were it the purposes of his detractors to help extricate him from his self - imposed miseries and to restore him to that state of happiness and innocence so common to most of us in our childhood years , no one would be happier than I .
But it is not my client ’s happiness that the prosecution endeavors to obtain , but his money .
The case against Ebenezer Scrooge is nothing more than a well - orchestrated , vicious conspiracy to extort from my client as much of his money as can be acquired through terror , threats of his death , and other appeals to fear .
The only happiness that ensued to my client from this campaign arose from the ultimate cessation of terror inflicted upon him .
Like the victim of any crime , the termination of wrongdoing offers a momentary relief that can be mistaken for pleasure , but it is an illusion .
Such is the only happiness that Mr. Dickens has in mind for my client .
Make no mistake about it : my client has been the victim of a cruel criminal conspiracy to extort his money , as well as of such torts as intentional infliction of emotional distress , libel and slander , trespass , assault , malicious prosecution , battery , nuisance , and false imprisonment .
To that end , my client may elect to bring his own suit , but for now let us focus upon his defense to this action .
As we do so , pay particular attention to the utter contradiction underlying Dickens ’ case : my client is charged with being a greedy , money - hungry scoundrel , and yet it is the conspirators against him who want nothing more than his money !
Scrooge — unlike his antagonists — earned his money in the marketplace by satisfying the demands of customers and clients who continue to do business with him , and did not , as far as we are told , resort to terror or threats of death to get it .
Perhaps Dickens does no more , here , than engage in psychological projection .
In doing so , he reminds us of the definition of a “ selfish ” person as “ one who puts his greedy interests ahead of mine ! ”
It is instructive that Dickens tells us virtually nothing about the nature of Ebenezer ’s business .
We know that he is something of a banker or financier , but we are told nothing about the nature of his investments .
Even if he has not been a creative entrepreneur himself , he has , presumably , been responsible for financing many successful enterprises , which have not only benefited the rest of the community in terms of goods and services they provide , but afford employment to countless individuals , including Bob Cratchett .
For all that we know — and it would seem to be beneath Dickens ’ sensibilities to ask such a question or care about the answer —
Scrooge may have provided capital for researchers seeking a cure for the very ailment from which Tiny Tim suffers .
We know that , at the very least , by managing to stay in the lending business these many years , and accumulating handsome earnings in the process , Scrooge ’s decision - making has been beneficial to others .
All of this goes unmentioned by Comrade Dickens , who prefers to focus upon the fact that Scrooge has actually profited from these many benefits that his sound business decision - making has indirectly bestowed upon his neighbors .
If we are to understand the essence of the case against my client , we must inquire into the nature of the collectivist thinking that produced it .
In matters of economics , such people believe that wealth is simply a given , something that has come into existence in verymysterious ways , and in a fixed amount that has somehow managed to get into the hands of a few people through presumed and unspecified acts of dishonesty , exploitation , and unscrupulousness .
Dickens expresses the dreary sentiment of “ original sin ” — an idea central to all collectivist thinking — which presumes individual self - interest to be a source of social misery rather than the fount of human well - being .
That the pursuit of private selfishness cangenerate good for others — even when doing so was not the purpose of the actor — was far too complicated a concept for Dickens ’ simplistic , fragmented mind .
But to all collectivists , including Dickens , the idea that more wealth could be created never manages to invade their imaginations .
Charles Dickens — writing at the peak of the industrial revolution — missed this essential feature of the period .
To those who view wealth in such a limited way , the only question becomes “ how is this fixed body of wealth to be most u2018 fairly ’ redistributed ? ”
Thequestion of “ how can more wealth be created ? ” — and what conditions would be necessary for accomplishing such ends — never enters their minds , for the pursuit of such conditions would utterly destroy all socialist systems .
The beneficiaries of such redistribution are looked upon as passive and dependent recipients of other people ’s decision - making .
In this connection , Bob Cratchett is the prototypical “ proletarian . ”
It is to Mr. Cratchett that I would now like to direct my attention .
The central character in this campaign of terror and extortion against my client is one Bob Cratchett , the 19th century ’s version of Forrest Gump , a witless and chronic loser with no apparent control over any significant aspects of his life save , perhaps , for his body ’s biological functions .
He is an inflatable “ Bozo ” clown , whose only purpose in life is to absorb the blows visited upon him by others .
He is the poster boy for “ victimhood , ” a flatliner devoid of any dynamic sense of life .
Let me offer this caveat , however : we do not allege this man to be one of the principal conspirators against my client .
Far from it , for to have dreamed up , or to have actively participated in a scheme as convoluted and diabolical as the one perpetrated against my client , seems far beyond the ambitions or the imagination of Bob Cratchett or any members of his family .
At this point , many of you are probably thinking to yourselves , “ surely , he ’s not going to denounce the Cratchetts , is he ?
They are one of the most revered of all families ; a part of the pantheon of secular gods in our culture .
I ca n’t believe he ’s going to go after them ! ”
Yes I am !
I am going to attack the Cratchetts !
“ He ca n’t do that , ” you may now be saying to yourselves .
Just watch me !
A Christmas Carol Dickens , Charles Best Price : $ 5.95 Buy New $ 21.00 ( as of 03:55 EST - Details )
One of the offenses with which my client has been charged was that he had not paid Bob Cratchett a large enough salary .
Cratchett has worked for an allegedly substandard level of pay — whatever that may mean — for my client for many years .
Why ?
Why did he not quit ?
Why did n’t he go to work for some other employer — perhaps one of the politically - correct businessmen who periodically show up at Scrooge ’s office to solicit and browbeat charitable contributions from my client ?
Put yourself in Cratchett ’s position : imagine yourself to have been the “ victim ” of years of under - appreciated and underpaid work , head of a large family — one of whose members suffered from a life - threatening ailment — what would you have done ?
Would you have simply sat around in a kind of “ Super Lotto ” stupor , hoping that great fortune would befall you through some act of dumb luck ?
Certainly , in the early days of the industrial revolution wherein Dickens wrote , when new businesses were starting up all over the place in a great burst of economic creativity , there must have been all sorts of opportunities available for a competent bookkeeper .
Great fortunes were made by those who rose up out of abject poverty — such men as Andrew Carnegie come to mind , a young boy who went from seeing his father begging in the streets for work , to become the richest man of his era .
At no time in history had there been a greater opportunity for self - betterment than during the industrial revolution , where demonstrated merit helped to destroy the state - conferredprivileges of feudalism .
To anyone with even the most rudimentary understanding of economics , two things should be clear : [ 1 ] if , as has been alleged , my client is a tight - fisted , selfish man , he surely would not have paid Bob Cratchett a shilling more than his marginal productivity was worth to Scrooge ’s firm , and [ 2 ] if Bob Cratchett was being woefully underpaid by my client , there must have been all kinds of alternative employment available to this man at higher salaries .
If Cratchett cannot find more remunerative work , and if my client is paying him the maximum that he is marginally worth to his business , then Cratchett must be worth precisely what my client is paying him !
Economic values are subjective , with prices for goods or services rising or falling on the basis of the combined preferences of market participants .
It is this interplay of marketplace forces — which Dickens neither understands nor favors — coupled with Cratchett ’s passive , sluggish disposition when it comes to improving his marketable skills or opportunities , that accounts for Cratchett ’s condition in life .
My client should no more be expected to pay Cratchett more than his marketable skills merit than would Dickens have paid his stationer a higher than market price for his pen , ink , and paper , simply because the retailer “ needed ” more money !
Dickens ’ ignorance of basic economics would , if acted upon by Scrooge , have produced adverse consequences for Cratchett himself .
Had Ebenezer paid Cratchett a higher salary for his work , he [ Scrooge ] would very likely have been able to attract a larger number of job applicants from which he could have selected employees whose enhanced marginalproductivity might have earned Scrooge even greater profits .
At such a point , terminating Cratchett ’s employment would have been an economically rational act by Scrooge .
As matters now stand , Scrooge ’s employment policies have left him with the kind of groveling , ergophobic , humanoid sponge we have come to know as Bob Cratchett ; a man we are expected to take into our hearts as expressions of some warped sense of the “ Christmas spirit . ”
Being an astute businessmen , Ebenezer Scrooge was well aware of the marketplace maxim that “ you get what you pay for . ”
Unaccustomed as Commissar Dickens is to the informal processes of the marketplace , we would not expect him to tell us anything about competitive alternatives for Cratchett ’s services .
Perhaps there are employers out there prepared to pay him a higher wage than he is receiving from my client .
If this is so , then we must ask ourselves : did Bob Cratchett simply lack the ambition to seek higher - paying employment ?
It would appear so .
At no time do we see this man exhibiting any interest in trying to better his and his family ’s lot .
Not even when the aforementioned businessmen arrive for their annual shakedown of my client , does Cratchett so much as suggest to them : “ gentlemen , I have a son who is afflicted with a life - threatening condition , and if you would be so inclined to look upon him as one of the objectsof your charitable purposes , I would be greatly appreciative . ”
He ca n’t rise from his self - pitying position long enough to even speak up for Tiny Tim at a time when any responsible and loving parent would have jumped at the opportunity to plead his son ’s case .
If Cratchett is such an unfocused sluggard that he is unable to generate the slightest motivation to speak up on behalf of his son when provided with the opportunity to do so , why should my clienthave visited upon him the moral opprobrium of a community of readers who presume that he should be more greatly motivated on behalf of Tiny Tim than was Tim ’s own father ?
The prosecution , in the form of Mr. Dickens , would have you believe that my client is a heartless and irresponsible person .
But how much parental love and responsibility is exhibited by the sniveling and whining Bob Cratchett , who does little more than sit around and hope , . . . hope that someone will show up with more ambition and sense of urgency and caring for Tiny Tim than do he and his deeply lobotomized family .
What if your child was drowning in a lake : would you just stand on the shore and hope that a Boy Scout would show up looking for a daily “ good deed ” to perform ?
What if you came upon a school building that was afireand full of trapped , screaming children .
Would you just stand there and watch and wonder to yourself : “ why does n’t someone sound the fire alarm or try to rescue those poor children ?
” Such would have been the response of Bob Cratchett ; such is the model of individual responsibility offered up to us by Charles Dickens !
Neither , in this connection , can we ignore the behavior of Scrooge ’s nephew , who pops into the story early enough to chide his uncle for his miserly attitudes , and appears later , at a lavish Christmas party feted for his “ yuppie ” friends .
For all his sanctimonious rhetoric about caring for others , why were no gold coins forthcoming from the nephew ’s pockets on behalf of Tiny Tim ?
We see in this nephew the forerunner of the modern “ politically correct ” limousine liberal , who has all kinds of plans for disposing of other people ’s money , while carefully shepherding his own , a man Mark Twain might have had in mind when he wrote of those who believe that “ nothing so needs reforming as other people ’s habits . ”
The Wizards of Ozymand ...
Butler Shaffer , Butler ...
Best Price : $ 8.38 Buy New $ 12.33 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
If a lack of imagination and ambition is not at the crux of Bob Cratchett ’s problem in maintaining his inert , status quo position for so many years , then perhaps we should consider the possibility that this man was simply incompetent .
Cratchett appears to us as a tenured example of the “ Peter Principle , ” the recipient not so much of an earned salary as a sinecure .
He was unable to obtain a more highly paid employment , I suspect , because he was incapable of performing at any higher skilled level than that of the bean counter he apparently was , and seemed satisfied in remaining .
Had he been more competent and energetic , he might have sought employment from a competitor of Scrooge ’s , who wouldhave seen qualities profitable to his firm .
But I suspect that , had Cratchett approached any of these businessmen for employment , they would have been observant enough of his elemental dullness to have responded : “ do n’t call us , we ’ll call you . ”
If Cratchett ’s stagnating in the backwaters of Scrooge ’s shop was due to his basically poor work skills , we are once again confronted with the question : why did Cratchett not seek to enhance his skills , as by learning a more remunerative trade ?
That would certainly have been a great benefit to his family , including affording additional resources with which to possibly rescue Tiny Tim from his malady .
But , alas , Bob Cratchett was , once again , either too unambitious or too unimaginative to pursue this course of conduct .
Indeed , about the only gumption we see Cratchett exhibiting in this story is in his groveling request for another lump of coal for the stove , or his equally weak - kneed appeal for a day off on Christmas .
Such is the extent of his courage , ambition , and love for his family .
My client — whatever his reasons — has seen fit to keep this incompetent , noncreative dawdler on his payroll .
But instead of being praised for not terminating this slug , he stands condemned for not paying him more than he was marginally worth ; more than any otheremployer would have paid him if , indeed , any other employer would have hired him in the first place !
Perhaps my client ’s retention of Bob Cratchett should be looked upon as the most charitable of all the acts engaged in by anyone in Mr. Dickens ’ story !
As I have already suggested , you can see that Bob Cratchett is not an active party in this conspiracy of terror and extortion against my client .
He is both too dull and too lazy to have participated in such a scheme .
Had this plot depended upon mobilizing the imagination or energies of Bob Cratchett , Ebenezer would have spent a quiet night of sleep , without being intruded upon by the snarling and clanking Jacob Marley , let alone the associated bogeymen and shakedown artists who show up to terrorize my client .
You are now able to see the fundamental contrast of characters presented to us by Charles Dickens .
Scrooge — the only person in the novel exhibiting any creative intelligence , and the only one who produces anything — is the villain because he has not given an unearned portion of his wealth over to Bob Cratchett — a man presented to us as a victim incapable of producing much of anything !
In this brief synopsis , you see the thoroughly dispirited nature of socialism , a philosophy for losers , that feeds upon , and requires the continuing nourishment of , the mindset of victimology .
The morally culpable wrongdoers in this shakedown of my client , though , have to be the spirits , who trespass , at night , upon the quiet enjoyment of my client ’s premises to terrify him with previews of his own demise should he not succumb to their demands to part with his money .
No more blatant act of criminal extortion could be imagined than that visited upon my client by these spirits .
If these forces are representative of the denizens of the allegedlyheavenly planned community , I can only wonder how more unbearable it could be to spend eternity in warmer climes !
At least “ Old Scratch ’s ” subdivision has the honesty of not pretending to be an idyllic paradise while peddling guilt and terror !
Perhaps it is a tipoff to the diabolic nature of the prosecution in this case that the name “ Dickens ” has long been a synonym for the devil !
It might be argued that Dickens ’ spirits were simply interested in the reclamation and rehabilitation of my client ’s soul , and that such acts of terror had the well - being of Scrooge at heart .
Such were the arguments used , during the medieval Inquisition , to justify the torture and burning - at - the - stake of heretics or , in later generations , to the persecution and hanging of witches .
Lest you accept this shabby explanation for their behavior , ask yourself this question : would these spirits have deigned to visit Ebenezer if he had been a penniless beggar ?
Would they have bothered this man for a single moment had there been no money to squeeze from him ?
The spirits informed Scrooge that he needed to think of more than just himself , and to consider the interests of posterity .
But what had posterity ever done for him ?
Furthermore , at any point in the story , did these spirits demonstrate regard for the well - being of other persons who might be inconvenienced by Scrooge ’s being terrorized into giving away his money ?
If my client is to throw his money around , or pay more for services than what they are marginally worth to his firm , what is to happen to the plans of those who had arranged to borrow money from Scrooge ’s firm , only to be later told that the funds for such loans were no longer available ?
Do the spirits have any way of compensating them for their disappointments or , like socialists generally , are they totally indifferent to the unintended consequences of the events they set in motion ?
It is at this point that my strongest condemnation for these spirits arises .
Any decent person in whose veins course even a minimal level of humanitarian sentiment must look upon the spirits with utter contempt and moral revulsion .
Keep in mind , these specters are possessed with the powers to suspend ordinary rules that operate throughout the rest of nature .
They can successfully defy gravity , move backwards and forwards in time , cause matter to become invisible , raise the dead , and foresee the future .
Having all of these amazing powers , why did these spirits not intervene to cure Tiny Tim of his ailment ?
The answer is quite clear : like socialists and welfare - staters generally , they did n’t give a damn about Tiny Tim ’s plight !
This poor , crippled boy was nothing more to them than an opportunity , a convenient resource to exploit in furtherance of what was important to them : to wring from my client whateveramount of money they could .
The fate of Tiny Tim was held hostage ; left to the outcome of an elaborate blackmail scheme !
Assuming that Ebenezer has free will , he might have chosen to resist this campaign of terror , and to awake on Christmas morning more determined than ever to protect his assets from these psychic extortionists .
Too bad for Tiny Tim , in that case , for the spirits were more interested in furthering their abstract ideological interests — including obtaining power over others — than in stooping to actually help another humanbeing in need .
If the campaign against my client failed , they would simply have moved on to other more profitable causes , leaving Tiny Tim to face an early death which , presumably , it was within their powers to prevent .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
Had the spirits been truly desirous of helping the Cratchett family , they would have been better advised to focus their time and energies upon this family rather than upon my client .
The “ Ghost of Christmas Past ” could , perhaps in some proto - Freudian style , have taken Bob Cratchett back to his youth , to help him discover why he had become such a passive , wimpy recipient of other people ’s decision - making .
Then , perhaps , the “ Ghost of Christmas Present ” could have appeared to warn Cratchett of the dreary fate awaiting his family as a consequence of his incompetence , laziness , passivity , and psychic bankruptcy .
The prospect of Tiny Tim ’s death , and of his own family ending up in a dismal poor house , might have been enough to stir some semblance of ambition in this hapless lummox .
These spirits might even have offered him more positive assistance , perhaps by encouraging him to develop better marketable skills , in order that he might remove his family from the dire straits to which Cratchett seems all but indifferent .
What level of paternal love is exhibited by this totally inept member of the booboisie , who has no more imagination or motivation on behalf of his ailing son than to sit around whining that his son will surely die unless someone else , . . . somehow , . . . at some uncertain time , shows up to bestow unearned riches upon his family ?
Bob Cratchett represents that growing class of mathematically challenged men and women who believe that a lottery ticket is the most realistic means of acquiring riches !
The Cratchetts are good for little more than sitting around the house spouting empty bromides and homilies , seemingly oblivious of the need to make fundamental changes in their lives .
At no time in the story do we find either of the adult Cratchetts considering alternatives by which they could improve their economic condition .
We do not , for instance , read of Mrs. Cratchett telling Bob — as they huddle around their rapidly - cooling fireplace — “ Bob , I saw Sally Struthers on the telly today , and she was advertising for a correspondenceschool where you can learn all kinds of new skills .
Perhaps you could study u2018 charter accountancy , ’ Bob , and make more money . ”
Neither is any offer made by Mrs. Cratchett to seek employment in order to earn money that could be used to help their ailing son .
Tiny
Tim continually reminds them “ God bless us , every one . ”
But let us not forget that other admonition long since lost on the Cratchetts : “ the Lord helps those who help themselves . ”
You can see that Tiny Tim is not the only cripple in this family !
His parents are existentially handicapped and show no disposition to change .
If there is anyone to whom an accusing finger should be pointed , here , it is not my client , but that hapless , helpless , and hopeless brood known as the Cratchetts ; a weak - kneed gaggle prepared to do little more on behalf of the ailing Tiny Tim than to sit around hoping that my client will experience a transformation in consciousness sooner than will they , and that he will agree to pay the inept Bob Cratchett more money than he is worth !
Of course , any suggestion that the Cratchetts exercise independence and self - responsibility in their own affairs would run counter to the political and social agenda that Dickens , through his assorted spiritual operatives , have over such proto-proletarians .
To have the Cratchetts of the world become truly self - governing and autonomous would be fatal to the socialist mindset , which requires a passive , compliant , conscript clientele , only too willing to exchange one master for another .
Neither Charles Dickens — nor his intellectual heirs such as Frank Capra — could have enjoyed financial success in a world of independent , self - liberated , self - conscious , and self - directed men and women .
As we reach the end of the story , we see my client reduced to such a state of psychological terror at the prospect of his own death , that he awakens and begins throwing money out the window to a stranger in the street .
In the mind of Dickens , Scrooge has now justified his existence by abandoning the rational decision - making that has made his firm successful , and adopting the mindset of a social worker who barges into the Cratchett household and begins running their lives .
While Ebenezer ’s post - nightmare behavior reflects what can only be described as the most immature understanding of how wealth is both produced and exchanged in the marketplace , they also represent significant legal issues .
I would suggest that a man who has been induced , by dread fear of his own death , to part with his money , has available to him the claim of duress to restore to him what was involuntarily taken from him .
The basic principles of property and contract law support the conclusion that transactions entered into under duress are voidable , if not void absolutely .
Secondly , the fears generated by the aforementioned spirits have probably risen to such a level of influence upon my client ’s mind that , in addition to his claims of duress , he could be said to have lacked legal capacity to exercise rational decision - making over his property .
What sight could be more demonstrative of this incapacity than the spectacles of Scrooge throwing money out into the street to a stranger ; bestowing gifts upon a thoroughly incompetent and ungrateful employee and his family ; and giving this sluggard an unearned pay raise ?
In the final analysis , this case against Ebenezer Scrooge comes down to an emotional appeal based upon the resentment and envy that is at the core of every second - rater ’s personality .
Such charges as have been leveled against my client only serve to confirm , in the minds of far too many , that the success of the few is always bought at the expense of the many , and that financial wealth is only accumulated through fraud , corruption , exploitation , dishonesty , and a depraved insensitivity to human suffering .
With such beliefs do the unmotivated or the unsuccessful soothe their shabby egos .
“ I may be poor , but at least I did n’t sacrifice my principles ” is the common defense of those whose accomplishments come up short in comparison with their more prosperous neighbors .
It would be unrealistic , I suppose , to have expected a different result from a collectivist such as Dickens , who had a most restrictive and depressing view of the human spirit .
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
Still , I cannot help proposing a settlement offer that would produce a different ending for this story .
As I stated at the outset , my client has not only been stereotyped as a tight - fisted man of commerce , but he has bought into such stereotyping for his own sense of identity .
Scrooge did not experience any internally - driven transformation of consciousness as a result of his encounters with the spirits .
Any change that he exhibited was superficial in nature , based upon his attachment to material values : his life instead of his money .
But bear in mind that Dickens , like other socialists , is an equally materialistic creature .
Had Scrooge been truly transformed by these experiences , his life might have been opened up to happier and more pleasurable pursuits than can be had through the counting of either his money or the remaining days of his existence .
Like some , whose visions of a better world extend no further than transferring vast sums of their money to politically - based organizations — instead of helping to remove the barriers that restrain others from bettering their own lot —
Ebenezer could have been more beneficial to the Cratchetts in ways that money can never accomplish .
Neither the Cratchetts nor any of the spirits exhibit an interest in helping Bob transform himself into a more productive person .
If Ebenezer had wanted to help his employee become less existentially crippled — instead of just making him the object of his gratuitous inclinations — he could have taken Cratchett aside and told him : “ Bob , you ’re a loser !
At this rate , you and your family are destined for that long slide down the razor blade of life into total entropy .
I recognize that the nature of our relationship helped to condition you into becoming the mess you are now .
But what will your future be like when I and my generosity are not around to sustain you ?
Let me help you by providing some lessons in advanced accounting practices , so that you can become marginally more productive to me and , in the process , help you earn more money .
This is the industrial revolution , Bob , and opportunities have never been greater for anyone with acreative idea .
Why do n’t you get one ?
Even a boob like you might get rich in this setting . ”
Still , I doubt that Bob Cratchett would get the message .
I suspect that he would still cling to his tin-cup lifestyle , preferring to trade upon our sympathies rather than develop creative talents ; never to experience the joy of existential equality and dignity that comes from being a producer of goods and services that other people value .
Sympathy should take us only so far , and never become a substitute for the self - respect that comes from being in control of one ’s life .
Tiny
Tim may , it is hoped , rid himself of his crutch : I have my doubts about Bob Cratchett doing so .
At some point , we need to show some appropriate respect for the forces of natural selection that have long directed the life process .
We ought to learn from the rest of nature : either we make ourselves capable of adapting to an ever - changing world — by improving the skills or other learning with which we act upon the world — or we prepare to die .
Dickens ’ approach , like the underlying methodology of the welfare state , does nothing to provide long - term help for the Cratchetts of the world .
Scrooge ’s unearned generosity will not only increase his costs of doing business — thus increasing the likelihood of his own business failure — but , upon his bankruptcy or eventual death , will leave Cratchett in the position of having to find a new host upon which to attach himself for the remainder of his parasitic life .
In spite of all this , there may yet be some hope for Tiny Tim to escapefrom the limited future implicit in the restricted imagination of Charles Dickens .
Tim may have some potential , if only he can be freed from this family of whining misfits .
If he is not rescued , but manages to survive only as a result of the shakedown perpetrated upon my client , his future may be a bleak one .
He may even end up confined to a “ bleak house , ” or , worse still , spend his adult years in the spiritually drearier position of being an executive director of some political action group designed to mobilize other social misfits , yawlers , and existentially bankrupt men and women .
As part of a settlement offer , my client would consider adopting TinyTim — should his parents agree — and cut loose the rest of the Cratchettfamily to continue their mindless , unfocused , dispirited , and passive bottom - feeding in the shallow and stagnant end of the human gene pool .
But let us have no more of these “ drive - by ” specters from the netherworld , who feign their concern for crippled children .
Like other opportunistic parasites who tell us that they “ feel our pain ” even as they are causing us more pain , let us have no more of the self - serving guilt - peddling that keeps men and women subservient to those who threaten to cut off their dependencies .
Tiny
Tim is young enough to be given the benefit of the doubt as to his future .
As for the other members of the Cratchett family , let us allow the evolutionary processes of nature to dispose of these nonadaptive , nonresilient , nonambitious leeches who exhibit not the least sense of intelligence or creativity in the plight of one of their own , for whom they exhibit only superficial concern .
The claim against my client is without substance , and should be dismissed with prejudice .
It is the industrial revolution ’s version of a scapegoating action , grounded more in bigotry than in fact or reason .
In the end , I can offer no better answer to such charges than those providedby my client himself : “ bah , humbug ! ”
The defense rests .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Thankfully the press has finally gotten a whiff of the coal ash spill that recently devastated Kingston , Tennessee , 40 miles east of Knoxville .
Major news outlets are now covering the story , reporting that the amount toxic sludge is now estimated to be over one billion gallons .
The Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) , which runs the coal plant has performed preliminary testing of the nearby water supply and so far tests have come back negative .
In August 2007 the EPA released a draft study detailing the human and ecological risks from coal combustion wastes .
As reported by Earthjustice at the time …
By examining 181 “ coal combustion waste , ” or coal ash disposal sites throughout the country , the report estimates risks to health and the environment from coal ash disposal .
The report found that unlined coal ash waste ponds pose a cancer risk 900 times above what is defined as ‘ acceptable . ’
The report also finds that coal ash disposal sites release toxic chemicals and metals such as arsenic , lead , boron , selenium , cadmium , thallium , and other pollutants at levels that pose risks to human health and the environment .
and
“ For decades , coal ash has been disposed in unlined landfills and waste ponds , contaminating the water throughout the U.S. , ” said Jeff Stant of Clean Air Task Force .
“ EPA promised in 2000 to require safeguards for coal ash disposal , yet this long - awaited action demonstrates that they are completely out of touch with what ’s happening around these sites .
Communities near coal plants deserve far better . ”
Considering who has been in charge of Washington for the past 8 years , it ’s not surprising that the federal government does not mandate any of the safeguards recommended in the report to reduce the risk and danger of coal ash spills .
And nor do I mandate drinking the water in Kingston , Tennessee either .
Just ask the dead fish .
Post by ILO on 12/30/08 at 5:35 pm
From a hill just outside the Gaza Strip , Israelis watch the air assaults on Gaza and dance in celebration of the attacks , 8 January 2009 . ( Newscom )
What Israel perpetrated in Gaza , starting at 11:30 am on 27 December 2008 , will remain forever engraved in history and memory .
Tel al - Hawa , Hayy al - Zeitoun , Khuzaa and other sites of Israeli massacres will join a long mournful list that includes Deir Yasin , Qibya , Kufr Qasim , Sabra and Shatila , Qana , and Jenin .
Once again , Israel demonstrated that it possesses the power and the lack of moral restraint necessary to commit atrocities against a population of destitute refugees it has caged and starved .
The dehumanization and demonization of Palestinians , Arabs and Muslims has escalated to the point where Israel can with full self - righteousness bomb their homes , places of worship , schools , universities , factories , fishing boats , police stations — in short everything that sustains civilized and orderly life — and claim it is conducting a war against terrorism .
Yet paradoxically , it is Israel as a Zionist state , not Palestine or the Palestinian people , that cannot survive this attempted genocide .
Israel ’s “ war ” was not about rockets — they served the same role in its narrative as the non-existent weapons of mass destruction did as the pretext for the American - led invasion and occupation of Iraq .
Israel ’s real goals were to restore its “ deterrence ” fatally damaged after its 2006 defeat in Lebanon ( translation : its ability to massacre and terrorize entire populations into submission ) and to destroy any Palestinian resistance to total Israeli - Jewish control over historic Palestine from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea .
With Hamas and other resistance factions removed or fatally weakened , Israel hoped the way would be clear to sign a “ peace ” deal with chief Palestinian collaborator Mahmoud Abbas to manage Palestinians on Israel ’s behalf until they could be forced out once and for all .
The US - backed “ moderate ” dictatorships and absolute monarchies led by Egypt and Saudi Arabia supported the Israeli plan hoping to demonstrate to their own people that resistance — whether against Israel or their own bankrupt regimes — was futile .
To win , Israel had to break Palestinian resistance .
It failed .
On the contrary , it galvanized and unified Palestinians like never before .
All factions united and fought heroically for 23 days .
According to well - informed and credible sources Israel did little harm to the modest but determined military capacity of the resistance .
So instead Israel did what it does best : it massacred civilians in the hope that the population would turn against those fighting the occupier .
Israel not only unified the resistance factions in Gaza ; its brutality rallied all Palestinians and Arabs .
It is often claimed that Arab regimes whip up anti-Israel anger to distract their populations from their own failings .
Actually , Israel , the US and subservient Arab regimes tried everything — especially demonizing Iran and inciting sectarian tensions between Sunni and Shia Muslims — to distract their populations from Palestine .
All this failed as millions of people across the region marched in support of Palestinian resistance , and the Arab regimes who hoped to benefit from the slaughter in Gaza have been exposed as partners in the Israeli atrocities .
In popular esteem , Hamas and other Palestinian resistance factions earned their place alongside Hizballah as effective bulwarks against Israeli and Western colonialism .
If there was ever a moment when the peoples of the region would accept Israel as a Zionist state in their midst , that has passed forever .
But anyone surveying the catastrophe in Gaza — the mass destruction , the death toll of more than 100 Palestinians for every Israeli , the thousands of sadistic injuries — would surely conclude that Palestinians could never overcome Israel and resistance is a delusion at best .
True , in terms of ability to murder and destroy , Israel is unmatched .
But Israel ’s problem is not , as its propaganda insists , “ terrorism ” to be defeated by sufficient application of high explosives .
Its problem is legitimacy , or rather a profound and irreversible lack of it .
Israel simply cannot bomb its way to legitimacy .
Israel was founded as a “ Jewish state ” through the ethnic cleansing of Palestine ’s non-Jewish majority Arab population .
It has been maintained in existence only through Western support and constant use of violence to prevent the surviving indigenous population from exercising political rights within the country , or returning from forced exile .
Despite this , today , 50 percent of the people living under Israeli rule in historic Palestine ( Israel , the West Bank and Gaza Strip ) are Palestinians , not Jews .
And their numbers are growing rapidly .
Like Nationalists in Northern Ireland or non-whites in South Africa , Palestinians will never recognize the “ right ” of a settler - colonial society to maintain an ethnocractic state at their expense through violence , repression and racism .
For years , the goal of the so - called peace process was to normalize Israel as a “ Jewish state ” and gain Palestinians ’ blessing for their own dispossession and subjugation .
When this failed , Israel tried “ disengagement ” in Gaza — essentially a ruse to convince the rest of the world that the 1.5 million Palestinians caged in there should no longer be counted as part of the population .
They were in Israel ’s definition a “ hostile entity . ”
In his notorious May 2004 interview with The Jerusalem Post , Arnon Soffer , an architect of the 2005 disengagement explained that the approach “ does n’t guarantee ‘ peace , ’ it guarantees a Jewish - Zionist state with an overwhelming majority of Jews . ”
Soffer predicted that in the future “ when 2.5 million people live in a closed - off Gaza , it ’s going to be a human catastrophe .
Those people will become even bigger animals than they are today , with the aid of an insane fundamentalist Islam .
The pressure at the border will be awful . ”
He was unambiguous about what Israel would have to do to maintain this status quo : “ If we want to remain alive , we will have to kill and kill and kill .
All day , every day . ”
Soffer hoped that eventually , Palestinians would give up and leave Gaza altogether .
Through their resistance , steadfastness and sacrifice , Palestinians in Gaza have defeated this policy and reasserted that they are an inseparable part of Palestine , its people , its history and its future .
Israel is not the first settler - colonial entity to find itself in this position .
When F.W. de Klerk , South Africa ’s last apartheid president , came to office in 1989 , his generals calculated that solely with the overwhelming military force at their disposal , they could keep the regime in power for at least a decade .
The casualties , however , would have run into hundreds of thousands , and South Africa would face ever greater isolation .
Confronted with this reality , de Klerk took the decision to begin an orderly dismantling of apartheid .
What choice will Israel make ?
In the absence of any political and moral legitimacy the only arguments it has left are bullets and bombs .
Left to its own devices Israel will certainly keep trying — as it has for sixty years — to massacre Palestinians into submission .
Israel ’s achievement has been to make South Africa ’s apartheid leaders look wise , restrained and humane by comparison .
But what prevented South Africa ’s white supremacist government from escalating their own violence to Israeli levels of cruelty and audacity was not that they had greater scruples than the Zionist regime .
It was recognition that they alone could not stand against a global anti-apartheid movement that was in solidarity with the internal resistance .
Israel ’s “ military deterrent ” has now been repeatedly discredited as a means to force Palestinians and other Arabs to accept Zionist supremacy as inevitable and permanent .
Now , the other pillar of Israeli power — Western support and complicity — is starting to crack .
We must do all we can to push it over .
Israel began its massacres with full support from its Western “ friends . ”
Then something amazing happened .
Despite the official statements of support , despite the media censorship , despite the slick Israeli hasbara ( propaganda ) campaign , there was a massive , unprecedented public mobilization in Europe and even in North America expressing outrage and disgust .
Gaza will likely be seen as the turning point when Israeli propaganda lost its power to mystify , silence and intimidate as it has for so long .
Even the Nazi Holocaust , long deployed by Zionists to silence Israel ’s critics , is becoming a liability ; once unimaginable comparisons are now routinely heard .
Jewish and Palestinian academics likened Israel ’s actions in Gaza to the Nazi massacre in the Warsaw Ghetto .
A Vatican cardinal referred to Gaza as a “ giant concentration camp . ” UK Member of Parliament Gerald Kaufman , once a staunch Zionist , told the House of Commons , “ My grandmother was ill in bed when the Nazis came to her home town of Staszow , [ Poland ] .
A German soldier shot her dead in her bed . ”
Kaufman continued , “ my grandmother did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza . ”
He denounced the Israeli military spokesperson ’s justifications as the words “ of a Nazi . ”
It was n’t only such statements , but the enormous demonstrations , the nonviolent direct actions , and the unprecedented expressions of support for boycott , divestment and sanctions from major trade unions in Italy , Canada and New Zealand .
An all - party group of city councillors in Birmingham , Europe ’s second largest municipal government , urged the UK government to follow suit .
Salma Yaqoub of the RESPECT Party explained that “ One of the factors that helped bring an end to the brutal apartheid regime in South Africa was international pressure for economic , sporting and cultural boycotts .
It is time that Israel started to feel similar pressure from world opinion . ”
Israel , its true nature as failed , brutal colonial project laid bare in Gaza , is extremely vulnerable to such a campaign .
Little noticed amidst the carnage in Gaza , Israel took another momentous step towards formal apartheid when the Knesset elections committee voted to ban Arab parties from participating in upcoming elections .
Zionism , an ideology of racial supremacy , extremism and hate , is a dying project , in retreat and failing to find new recruits .
With enough pressure , and relatively quickly , Israelis too would likely produce their own de Klerk ready to negotiate a way out .
Every new massacre makes it harder , but a de-zionized , decolonized , reintegrated Palestine affording equal rights to all who live in it , regardless of religion or ethnicity , and return for refugees is not a utopian dream .
It is within reach , in our lifetimes .
But it is far from inevitable .
We can be sure that Western and Arab governments will continue to support Israeli apartheid and Palestinian collaboration under the guise of the “ peace process ” unless decisively challenged .
Israeli massacres will continue and escalate until the nightmare of an Israeli - style “ peace ” — apartheid and further ethnic cleansing — is fulfilled .
The mobilizations of the past three weeks showed that a different world is possible and within our grasp if we support the boycott , divestment and sanctions movement .
Although they will never get to see it , that world would be a fitting memorial for all of Israel ’s victims .
Co-founder of The Electronic Intifada , Ali Abunimah is author of One Country : A Bold Proposal to End the Israeli - Palestinian Impasse ( Metropolitan Books , 2006 ) .
Related Links
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
Is it possible to imagine anything so ridiculous as this miserable and wretched creature , which is not so much as master of himself , exposed and subject to offenses of all things ; and yet dareth call himself master and emperor of this universe in whose power it is not to know the least part of it , much less to command the same ?
And the privilege , which he so fondly challengeth , to be the only absolute creature in this huge world 's frame perfectly able to know the absolute beauty and several parts thereof , and that he is only of power to yield the great Architect thereof due thanks for it , and keep account both of the receipts and layings - out of the world !
Who hath sealed him this patent ?
Let him show us his letters of privilege for so noble and so great a charge .
--- Michael de Montaigne , An Apology of Raymond Sebond , 1568
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Pole dancing robots , a giant 3D animated face and a customised MIG jet are among artworks on display at the MuTate London exhibition .
The art space opened this month at east London 's Behind the Shutters gallery .
If anything , Mr Bini Smaghi may have been too kind to Britain .
The Treasury expects the deficit to reach £ 118bn in the 2009 tax year - almost 8 pc of GDP - but there are now fears that this will rise even higher as tax revenues collapse .
Some analysts have begun to warn that Britain will soon face a deficit of 10 pc , the sort of catastrophic levels seen in Latin America in the 1980s .
Mayor argues red - light cameras slowed uptick in wrecks Study : Wrecks increase at red - light cameras sites
The intersection of Westheimer and the West Loop South is one of 50 across Houston where cameras snap pictures of red - light runners .
The intersection of Westheimer and the West Loop South is one of 50 across Houston where cameras snap pictures of red - light runners .
Photo : Michael Paulsen , Chronicle Photo : Michael Paulsen , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Mayor argues red - light cameras slowed uptick in wrecks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The number of crashes at Houston intersections with red - light cameras doubled in the first year after their installation , according to a city - financed study released Monday .
But Mayor Bill
White argued that the cameras ' presence prevented even more collisions and that the study proves the monitoring program is keeping drivers safe .
Critics of the initiative , which mails $ 75 civil fines to drivers photographed running red lights at 50 intersections , said the study shows that cameras actually cause more crashes and bolsters their argument that the program is more about generating revenue than protecting the public .
White and the study 's authors , who recommend installing additional cameras at some intersections for further research , said they based their conclusion on their belief that Houston has experienced a major uptick in collisions in recent years .
They acknowledged , however , that comprehensive citywide vehicle crash data is not available .
The reason for the divergence of opinions is a statistical problem , according to critics , study authors and city officials .
The analysis examined crash data at intersections that had a camera monitoring at least one of the four or more traffic signals in an intersection .
Most intersections had a camera installed in only one direction , meaning that there were three other signals at that intersection without cameras .
Interestingly , it was those unmonitored points in the intersection that saw the greatest increase in accidents .
Where there is a camera , the accidents remained relatively flat or showed only a slight increase .
" Collisions are going up all over the city , " said Bob Stein , a Rice University political science professor and one of the report 's authors .
" But red - light cameras have held back that increase at approaches where they have been installed . "
But they supplied no data other than the examination of the non-monitored directions of the 50 intersections to support the conclusion that accidents are up citywide .
Stein acknowledged that data from the Houston Police Department shows accidents have declined in the city since 2004 , although he said the data is problematic because police officers no longer file reports on every wreck .
Study authors — who include Robert Dahnke , Benjamin Stevenson and Stein from Rice University 's Center for Civic Engagement , and Timothy Lomax from Texas A&M University 's Texas Transportation Institute — plan to analyze insurance industry data in the coming months .
They believe that will more definitively prove their supposition that accidents have increased so dramatically .
The results of that further research are expected to be completed sometime around August .
At least 387,000 citations
Critics contend there is no obvious reason to conclude that accidents have gone up across the city in the past year .
City Councilman Mike Sullivan , who has long opposed the cameras , said the point of the study was to see if they reduced collisions , and the results clearly show that they do not .
" There is no scientific , documented proof that collisions are reduced with the red - light camera program , " said Sullivan , who represents parts of northwest Houston .
" I 've maintained all along that the program was flawed . "
He added that those who have fought red - light cameras , claiming they are merely a revenue - generating vehicle for the city , now have " something to feel good about . "
The city has 70 cameras installed at 50 intersections which photograph cars running red lights and then send tickets to the address registered to the driver 's license plate .
Since September 2006 , the cameras have led to at least 387,000 citations and generated more than $ 20 million in revenue .
Many who oppose the program believe that because accidents went up — even though they went up only at stoplights where there is not a camera and increased only slightly at those where there is — is enough evidence that they lead to unsafe driving .
' Proof in the pudding '
Some studies have backed up those conclusions .
One 2005 analysis by The Washington Post found that although accidents increased citywide between that year and 1999 , the number of crashes at intersections with red - light cameras was far more pronounced .
Others , including several that were funded by reputable insurance trade groups that study traffic safety , have found the cameras had a dramatic effect and reduced accidents by as much as 30 percent .
A study released earlier this month from the Texas Transportation Institute , which contributed to this study , found a 30 percent reduction statewide .
White admitted the city cannot prove a citywide uptick in accidents led to the increases at the monitored intersections , but still contended the study shows the camera program has improved public safety .
He pointed to the " proof in the pudding , " a vast reduction in red - light citations in October 2008 compared with the same month last year .
They are down by 40 percent , city data show .
" People are in fear " when they approach a red light , the mayor said , often so much that they pause even when the light turns green , in case a driver is about to run the light .
" Our goal is to reduce the number of people who are running red lights , " White said .
The study has come under fire from longtime opponents of the cameras , who believe it was not objective .
Among their concerns is that Stein , one of the authors , is married to the mayor 's agenda director .
Was draft copy changed ?
Last week , several attorneys who have opposed the program previously in court filed a lawsuit to force disclosure of a draft copy of the study , attempting to gauge whether the conclusions were somehow changed to suit White 's support of the program .
Stein has repeatedly denied this was the case , noting that although some language has been revised , the substance of the study has remained consistent for months and did not change .
The conclusion the study makes " is insane , " said Randall Kallinen , one of the lawyers who filed the open records lawsuit .
" In one year , the accident rate in the city of Houston has more than doubled ?
You can't just assume that the wild increase somehow has nothing to do with the cameras . "
bradley.olson@chron.com
ATHENS  “ The Italians , the Spaniards , the Greeks , we all have been living in happy land , spending what we did not have , ” said George Economou , a Greek shipping magnate , contemplating his country ’s economic troubles and others ’ from his spacious boardroom .
“ It was a fantasy world . ”
For some of the countries on the periphery of the 16 - member euro currency zone  Greece , Ireland , Italy , Portugal and Spain  this debt - fired dream of endless consumption has turned into the rudest of nightmares , raising the risk that a euro country may be forced to declare bankruptcy or abandon the currency .
The prospect , however unlikely , is a humbling one .
The adoption of the euro just a decade ago was meant to pull Europe together economically and politically , ending the sometimes furious battles over who could devalue their currency the fastest and beggar their neighbor .
For the Continent , the currency signaled the potential to one day rival the United States .
For its poorer countries , winning admission to the euro zone was a point of pride , showing that they had tamed their budget deficits and set their financial houses in order .
President - elect Obama is planning an inaugural ball exclusively for members of the military .
Obama plans military ball broadcast
President - elect Obama is planning an inaugural ball exclusively for members of the military , and his Presidential Inauguration Committee is working with the Defense Department to have the bash broadcast around the world .
The worldwide broadcast would be a first .
The new president and his wife , Michelle , are likely to drop by the event for a dance and brief remarks .
Advertisement
The Commander - in - Chief ’s Ball , to be held at the National Building Museum , will be one of 10 official inaugural balls .
The military - only ball continues a tradition started in 2005 by President Bush .
Organizers said the ball will honor the country 's active duty and reserve military , and invited guests will include Purple Heart recipients and other wounded warriors , families of fallen heroes , and spouses of deployed military .
Tickets will be free to those invited .
Obama said in a quote released by the PIC : " It is a privilege to honor our men and women in uniform during our inaugural festivities by continuing the tradition of the Commander - in - Chief 's Ball .
Our troops represent the best America has to offer , and without their dedication and sacrifice we would not be able to enjoy the freedoms that we are coming together to celebrate on Jan. 20 .
They deserve our thanks and our gratitude .
Michelle and I look forward to attending the Commander - in - Chief 's Ball and sharing this special evening with representatives of our armed forces . "
The ball will be held the evening of January 20th at the National Building Museum .
Tickets will be provided free of charge to all invited .
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan
Travelers to Africa and Asia all have their favorite forms of foreign aid to “ make a difference . ”
One of mine is a miracle substance that is cheap and actually makes people smarter .
Unfortunately , it has one appalling side effect .
No , it does n’t make you sterile , but it is just about the least sexy substance in the world .
Indeed , because it ’s so numbingly boring , few people pay attention to it or invest in it .
( Or dare write about it ! )
It ’s iodized salt .
Almost one - third of the world ’s people do n’t get enough iodine from food and water .
The result in extreme cases is large goiters that swell their necks , or other obvious impairments such as dwarfism or cretinism .
But far more common is mental slowness .
When a pregnant woman does n’t have enough iodine in her body , her child may suffer irreversible brain damage and could have an I.Q. that is 10 to 15 points lower than it would otherwise be .
An educated guess is that iodine deficiency results in a needless loss of more than 1 billion I.Q. points around the world .
The unified Haskell network , web and wiki stack is now in AUR :
happs - server , the standalone web appliance kit
haskell - salvia , the other standalone web appliance kit for Haskell
filestore , the unified darcs / git file versioning API
orchid , the Haskell wiki library
gitit , the mediawiki - alike standalone wiki system using markdown
and related libs .
So you should be able to run either wiki system ( gitit or orchid ) out of the box now .
gitit makes a good case for an automatic dependency resolver , too …
The new unified filestore API project was announced earlier today .
copyright notice
© 2007 -2010 Pepperina Press .
All rights reserved .
All artwork , designs , text and images are property of Pepperina Press and may not be reproduced without express permission .
Mr Jarrar , a US resident , was waiting to board a flight at New York 's JFK airport wearing a T - shirt that read " We Will Not Be Silent " in English and Arabic .
The airline , JetBlue , ordered him to remove his T - shirt saying other passengers felt uncomfortable with the Arabic slogan .
He eventually agreed to cover the shirt and boarded the plane , but he was made to sit at the back of the plane .
He went to court .
The Transport Security Authority and JetBlue airlines agreed to settle the case , paying out a total of $ 240,000 in compensation .
This is not an isolated incident .
Last week , a Muslim family was ordered off a domestic US flight operated by AirTran airlines after passengers claimed they were making suspicious remarks about security .
The family members were later cleared by the FBI , but were not permitted to fly with the airline to continue their journey .
( Full )
“ Energy CFOs Are Split on World ’s Peak Petroleum Production Rate , According to BDO Seidman , LLP . ”
This quote is from Business Wire
What this means is that half the most cautious people in the entire energy business , Chief Financial Officers , are saying that we are peaking , or will peak soon .
It ’s not just the CFOs .
The CEO of French oil company Total S.A. , said that production of even 100 million barrels a day by 2030 will be “ difficult . ”
The CEO of ConocoPhillips said , “ I do n’t think we are going to see the supply going over 100 million barrels a day . ”
The CEO of Royal Dutch / Shell emailed his employees , “ Shell estimates that after 2015 supplies of easy - to - access oil and gas will no longer keep up with demand . ”
The problem is far graver than it appears for one simple reason : Replacing oil in the transportation sector requires strong government action two decades before a peak because of the time needed to replace vehicles and fuel infrastructure .
That was the conclusion of a major study funded by the Bush Department of Energy in 2005 on “ Peaking of World Oil Production ” also known as the Hirsch Report [ PDF ] .
The report says :
The world has never faced a problem like this .
Without massive mitigation more than a decade before the fact , the problem will be pervasive and will not be temporary .
Previous energy transitions ( wood to coal and coal to oil ) were gradual and evolutionary ; oil peaking will be abrupt and revolutionary .
We have been warned .
It ’s not only Climate Change that we have to worry about , but the threat of a sudden and irreversible end to the energy lifestyles to which we have become accustomed .
Stay up to date with all our renewable energy news by subscribing to our RSS feed .
These membrane proteins are being used to generate the first protein - based information storage system to store terabytes of information ( Image : V Renugopalakrishnan )
DVDs coated with a layer of protein could one day hold so much information that storing data on your computer hard drive will be obsolete , says a US - based researcher .
He says that the protein layer , made from tiny genetically altered microbe proteins , could allow DVDs and other external devices to store terabytes of information .
Professor Venkatesan Renugopalakrishnan of the Florida International University reported his findings at the International Conference on Nanoscience and Nanotechnology in Brisbane this week .
" What this will do eventually is eliminate the need for hard drive memory completely , " says Renugopalakrishnan , who did much of the work with Harvard University 's Children 's Hospital in Boston .
Renugopalakrishnan says high - capacity storage devices like the new protein - based DVDs will be essential to the defence , medical and entertainment industries .
These trade in terabytes of information with the transfer of information such as satellite images , imaging scans and movies .
"
You have a compelling need that is not going to be met with the existing magnetic storage technology , " he says .
Renugopalakrishnan says the new protein - based DVD will have advantages over current optical storage devices ( such as the Blue- ray ) .
It will be able to store at least 20 times more than the Blue-ray and eventually even up to 50,000 gigabytes ( about 50 terabytes ) of information , he says .
The star at the centre of the high - capacity DVD is a light - activated protein found in the membrane of a salt marsh microbeThe protein , called bacteriorhodopsin ( bR ) , captures and stores sunlight to convert it to chemical energy .
When light shines on bR , it is converted to a series of intermediate molecules each with a unique shape and colour before returning to its ' ground state ' .
The intermediates generally only last for hours or days .
But Renugopalakrishnan and colleagues modified the DNA that produces bR protein to produce an intermediate that lasts for more than several years , which paves the way for a binary system to store data .
"
The ground state could be the zero and any of the intermediates could be the one , " he says .
The scientists also engineered the bR protein to make its intermediates more stable at the high temperatures generated by storing terabytes of data .
Renugopalakrishnan says making large amounts of information so portable on high - capacity removable storage devices will make it easier for information to fall into the wrong hands .
" Unfortunately science can be used and abused .
Information can be stolen very quickly , " he says .
" One has to have some safeguards there .
" In conjunction with NEC in Japan , Renugopalakrishnan 's team has produced a prototype device and estimate a USB disk will be commercialised in 12 months and a DVD in 18 to 24 months .
The work has been funded by a range of US military , government , academic institutions and commercial companies , as well as the European Union
A museum employee walks past the skeletal replica of a dinosaur at the Shanghai Science and Technology Museum in Shanghai , June 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Aly Song
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Scientists in China say they have discovered the world ’s largest dinosaur fossil site in the eastern province of Shandong , state media reported on Tuesday .
Scientists had recovered some 7,600 fossils from a 300 meter ( 980 ft ) long pit near Zhucheng city over the past seven months , Xinhua news agency said .
The finds included remains of a 20 - meter hadrosaurus , which could be a record size for the duck - billed dinosaur , Xinhua said .
Scientists had put down tools for the winter , but said further excavations could yield more fossils .
Zhucheng , known locally as China ’s “ Dinosaur City , ” has produced dinosaur fossils in some 30 sites , according to local media .
China , a relative late - comer to archaeology , has ramped up exploration in recent years and makes regular finds of rare fossils , which are sometimes smuggled out of the country to be sold for large sums .
In January , Australia handed back hundreds of kilograms of Chinese dinosaur fossils to Beijing , including eggs dating back hundreds of millions of years , recovered from warehouses and cargo containers in sting operations , Australian media reported .
Strange things keep happening in Minnesota , where the disputed recount in the Senate race between Norm Coleman and Al Franken may be nearing a dubious outcome .
Thanks to the machinations of Democratic Secretary of State Mark Ritchie and a meek state Canvassing Board , Mr. Franken may emerge as an illegitimate victor .
Mr. Franken started the recount 215 votes behind Senator Coleman , but he now claims a 225 - vote lead and suddenly the man who was insisting on " counting every vote " wants to shut the process down .
He 's getting help ...
DIGG THIS
Applying operational art in Fourth Generation war is so difficult it is hard to point to many successful examples of it .
The recent assaults in Bombay are among the few and also among the best , bordering on brilliant .
We may regret brilliance on the part of our opponents , but that should not prevent us from acknowledging it .
The operational logic is evident :
The United States wants Pakistan to focus on fighting al Qaeda and the Taliban .
To be able to do so , Pakistan must shift its focus away from the Indian threat , which requires a détente with India .
A piece by Jane Perlez of the New York Times which ran in the November 28 Cleveland Plain Dealer reported that Reconciliation between India and Pakistan has emerged as a basic tenet in the approaches to foreign policy of President - elect Barack Obama , and the new leader of Central Command , Gen. David H. Petraeus .
The point is to persuade Pakistan to focus less of its military effort on India , and more on the militants in its lawless tribal regions … .
Friends of al Qaeda and the Taliban need to block this shift in focus by Pakistan .
To do so , they must ramp up the hostility between India and Pakistan .
How could they do that ?
With a special operation in India ’s most important city .
Remember , a special operation must have operational significance to qualify as " special ops . "
If its meaning is only tactical , it ’s just a bunch of yahoos running around making noise .
The special operation was tactically well planned and carried out .
To work operationally , India must blame it on Pakistan .
Early indications suggest that may happen .
If India does blame Pakistan and Pakistan feels the Indian threat is increasing , the American strategy of convincing Pakistan to focus on the Taliban and al Qaeda will have been defeated .
That is operational art at its best .
Meanwhile , in Iraq , an odd combination of events may offer a strategic win - win - win opportunity for all parties : the U.S. , the al - Maliki government and al Qaeda .
Last week , the Iraqi parliament passed the new status of forces agreement that would keep American troops in Iraq through 2011 .
Washington regards that as a success , which it is not .
What America needs most is to get out of Iraq before the next round in the Iraqi civil war starts .
However , to get Sunni support for the agreement , the al - Maliki government had to agree to submit the deal to a national referendum next year .
If the agreement is defeated in that referendum , everyone could win .
American troops would have a better chance of getting out while Iraq is still quiet .
The al - Maliki government could gain some legitimacy by obeying the expressed will of the Iraqi people and telling the Americans to pack and go .
Al Qaeda could claim that , in the end , the Americans were expelled from Iraq rather than leaving on their own preferred timetable , which in fact stretches far beyond 2011 .
Here , al Qaeda has an operational opportunity , and it will be interesting to see if it can grasp it .
At present , al Qaeda in Iraq is on the ropes , largely because its brutality toward the Iraqi population has cost it its political base among the Sunnis .
If al Qaeda can think operationally , it will announce that it is suspending all combat operations until the referendum .
That truce would allow it to patch up its relations with its base .
Further , al Qaeda would state that if the status of forces agreement is defeated , it will not resume combat operations .
It would have no need to do so , since it could claim victory .
And its pledge would encourage Iraqis , who are tired of seemingly random bombings , to vote no .
Al Qaeda in Iraq could recover at the ballot box from the defeat it has inflicted on itself in the field .
A strategic win - win - win would be a strange outcome indeed for this phase of the Iraq war ( there is more to come ) .
But such are the vagaries of Fourth Generation war .
We will see similar oddities in Afghanistan as that war moves toward settlement .
The sooner Washington can stop thinking in binary terms and get used to strange outcomes , the better .
William Lind , expressing his own personal opinion , is Director for the Center for Cultural Conservatism for the Free Congress Foundation .
William Lind Archives
The Best of William S. Lind
Mars Rover Team Sets Low - Power Plan for NASA 's Spirit
Media contact : Guy Webster 818-354-6278
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
2008 - 214
PASADENA , Calif . --
After assessing data received from NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit on Thursday , mission controllers laid out plans for the rover to conserve its modest energy during the next few weeks .
Spirit 's solar panels produced 161 watt hours of energy on the Martian day that ended Thursday , under a sky that had cleared appreciably from four days earlier , when a dust storm slashed energy output to 89 watt hours .
However , the dust buildup on the panels themselves has worsened .
Only 30 percent of the light hitting them gets through the dust and is usable by the photovoltaic cells , down from 33 percent before the storm .
" Spirit is not out of the woods yet , " said John Callas of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , project manager for Spirit and its twin , Opportunity .
" The storm and all its dust have not gone away completely .
And this is the time of the Martian year when storms like this can occur .
So the plan ahead is to stay cautious with the rover and work on recharging the batteries while waiting out the rest of the storm 's activity .
" A four - day plan being transmitted to Spirit today , Nov. 14 , tells the rover to keep some heaters turned off and conduct only limited observations and communications .
That plan will be followed by similar low - power sequences for the rest of the month .
On Nov. 30 , Spirit will begin a two - week period with no new commands sent from Earth , while the sun is between Earth and Mars .
Even before the storm that is now subsiding , the rover team did not plan to drive Spirit away from its location at the north end of a low platform called " Home Plate " until after that period of suspended commanding .
Spirit has been operating on Mars for nearly five years in an exploration mission originally planned to last three months .
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , manages the Mars Exploration Rover project for the NASA Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
Saudi Arabia
Homosexuality is punished with the death penalty or , occasionally , a severe whipping .
Iran
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In 2007 President Ahmadinejad declared that homosexuality did not exist in his country .
Should the need arise , however , there is a law against it carrying a punishment of anything from jail to public lashing to death .
Jamaica
The worst place in all the Americas to be gay .
Male homosexuality is against the law and the punishment is 10 years hard labour .
Afghanistan
The death penalty introduced under the Taliban is no longer officially enforced , but it depends who catches you .
Nigeria
Homosexuality is illegal and punishment can be anything from four years to the death penalty .
Even writing or talking about support for gay people can land you in prison .
George W. Bush has shown few signs he plans to indulge in a frenzy of last - minute pardons .
Bush pardons few in final hours
In his final hours in office , President George W. Bush is staying true to form by making sparing use of his pardon powers .
Bush commuted the sentences of two former Border Patrol agents , Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean , who were serving lengthy prison terms for shooting a fleeing drug suspect in 2005 .
Advertisement
White House officials indicated they did not expect any other clemency actions before Bush leaves office at noon Tuesday .
Bush seems intent on clearing out of town without the cloud of controversy that descended on President Bill Clinton after he issued a series of last - minute pardons before leaving office in 2001 .
Clinton ’s pardon of billionaire financier Marc Rich , who was considered a fugitive by the Justice Department , triggered a Congressional investigation and public scolding even from Democrats .
Some Democrats and civil liberties activists feared that Bush might issue a sweeping pardon blocking future prosecutions over alleged torture of war - on - terror detainees but those concerns appear to have been unwarranted .
There also were no last - minute pardons for political allies or former aides , such as I .
Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby Jr. , who was convicted in 2007 of obstruction of justice in the CIA leak investigation .
The lack of a pardon disappointed many of Libby ’s backers .
Advocates of greater use of the pardon power were also dejected that Bush made so little use of it in his final days and issued no additional commutations for indigent prisoners with meritorious cases .
“ It ’s very disappointing .
It ’s worse than disappointing .
I think it ’s a tragedy , ” said Margaret Love , a former pardon attorney at the Justice Department .
“ It ’s the culmination of a 15 - year or 16 - year effort to shut down the clemency program .
I ca n’t believe this is all he ’s going to do . ”
Here was Politico ’s final line on the chances for pardons in ten selected cases prior to the announcement this morning about Bush ’s final actions on the subject .
1. Pardon Prospects : Military and CIA interrogators of war - on - terror prisoners
Status : Could face investigation and prosecution for use of harsh tactics in post - 9/11 interrogations .
Bush has signaled sympathy with those called upon to “ connect the dots ” after the terror attack , and the incoming Barack Obama administration has given mixed signals , with Obama himself downplaying prosecutions but his choice for attorney general Eric Holder seeming open to the idea – which could lead Bush to act .
Pros :
Some lawyers doubt charges could ever be brought or convictions obtained because of Justice Department opinions permitting aggressive tactics ; might be seen as buck - stops - here gesture by Bush .
Cons : Likely to require a “ blanket ” pardon which describes conduct , but does not name individuals ; might be hard to craft language or justify pardon which immunizes some harsh tactics without overturning convictions for prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib ; certain to trigger outrage among liberals and inflame anti-American feeling abroad .
Pardons expert P.S. Ruckman Jr. of Rock Valley College in Illinois downplays “ the idea of this big , last - minute , surprise , blanket , turbo- amnesty for war crimes . ”
Politico Odds : 4 to 1
2. Pardon Prospect : Former Chief of Staff to Vice President Cheney , I. Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby Jr .
Status : Convicted in 2007 of obstruction of justice , false statements , and perjury in investigation into leak of identity of CIA officer Valerie Plame .
Sentenced to two - and - a - half years in prison , two years probation and $ 250,000 fine ; prison sentence commuted by Bush before service .
A Libby pardon has strong support among conservatives .
“ Scooter Libby was not guilty of the original crime trumpeted by the media and the Democrats for campaign purposes .
He was not responsible for the leak …..
It ’s a travesty , it seems to me , ” said Dick Carlson , a former Voice of America chief and ambassador .
Pros : Vice President Dick Cheney views Libby as loyal ; disbarment and lack of employment could be seen as punishment ; on leaving office , presidents Clinton and Bush ( 41 ) also pardoned senior officials
Cons : Could remind public of Bush ’s failure to dismiss those accused of leaking Plame ’s identity ; risk of public outcry for leaving full pardon for final days of presidency when it could have been done sooner .
Politico Odds : 1 to 2
3. Pardon Prospect : Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales
Status : A special prosecutor based in Connecticut , Nora Dannehy , has been assigned to review whether Gonzales misled Congress or otherwise interfered with inquiries into the firings of U.S. attorneys .
A Justice Department investigation found he mishandled top - secret documents but prosecutors declined to pursue charges .
Gonzales has denied wrongdoing , but lacks a solid job and could still run up big legal bills trying to ward off prosecution .
Pros : Gonzales a longtime loyal Bush aide ; arguably punished by lack of significant employment since resigning under pressure in 2007
Cons : A spokesman for Gonzales , Robert Bork Jr. , says , “ He ’s not seeking a pardon and does n’t want one . ”
Politico Odds : 5 to 1 .
4. Pardon Prospects : Former American Israel Public Affairs Committee Lobbyists Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman , Former Pentagon Analyst Lawrence Franklin
Status : Franklin pled guilty in 2005 to passing national secrets to Rosen and Weissman ; also admitted to passing secrets to Israeli officials ; Rosen and Weissman pled not guilty to conspiring to obtain and distribute classified information ; trial set for April 2009
Pros : Could please Jewish activists and pro-Israel conservatives ; would end unusual prosecution for activities supporters argue are commonplace in Washington
Cons : Undercuts Bush administration ’s anti-leak campaign ; not clear that Rosen or Weissman desire pardon ; Franklin ’s admission of direct disclosures to Israel undermines chance for him
Politico Odds : Rosen / Weissman , 10 to 1 ; Franklin : 20 to 1
5. Pardon Prospect : Former Justice Department official Bradley Schlozman
Status : Investigated for alleged use of political considerations in hiring at DOJ Civil Rights Division and for alleged false statements to Congress ; defense lawyer says U.S. Attorney declined to prosecute and “ exonerated ” Schlozman ; Holder told senators he plans to “ review ” that decision as attorney general
Pros : Eliminates further legal exposure for aide already reportedly cleared once by Justice Department
Cons : Could be viewed as endorsement of politicization at DOJ
Politico Odds : 4 to 1
6. Pardon prospect : Former junk bond king Michael Milken
Status :
Pled guilty in 1990 to six tax and securities - related felonies ; sentenced to 10 years ; ultimately served 22 months
Pros :
Out of prison for 16 years ; extensive philanthropy since leaving prison
Cons : Tough time to pardon anyone with Wall Street ties
Politico Odds : 2 to 1
7. Commutation Prospects : Former Border Patrol agents Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean
Status : Convicted in 2006 of shooting fleeing drug smuggling suspect who was illegal alien ; Compean sentenced to 12 years in prison ; Ramos to 11 years
Pros : Crusade for clemency led by CNN anchor Lou Dobbs ; commutation supported by Sens. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) and John Cornyn ( R - Tex . ) , as well as conservative lawmakers
Cons : Dobbs was no friend of Bush ’s immigration policy ; could be seen as endorsing police abuse
Politico Odds : 3 to 1
8. Commutation Prospect : Former Governor George Ryan ( R - Ill . )
Status : Convicted in 2006 of corruption charges ; serving six - and - a- half year prison sentence ; set for release in 2013
Pros : Ryan is 74 ; wife in ill health ; clemency has support of Sen. Richard Durbin ( D - Ill . )
Cons : Timing less than ideal since Ryan ’s successor , Rod Blagojevich ( D ) , now faces corruption charges ; Ryan has served little of his sentence , only about a year
Politico Odds : 4 to 1
9. Commutation Prospect : Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard
Status :
Pled guilty to espionage in 1986 ; sentenced to life in prison without parole
Pros : Backers say Pollard ’s punishment more severe than spies from countries hostile to America ; commutation would please Israel and Jewish groups
Cons : Strongly opposed by defense and intelligence communities ; Bush has rejected numerous pleas from Israeli officials
Politico Odds : 20 to 1
10 . Commutation Prospect : Randall “ Duke ” Cunningham ( R - Calif . )
Status :
Pled guilty in 2005 to conspiracy and tax evasion as part of $ 2.4 million bribery scheme ; sentenced to eight years four months
Pros : Stricken with prostate cancer ; age 67
Cons : Bush publicly called Cunningham ’s scheme “ outrageous ” ; some Republicans blame Cunningham in part for party ’s poor showing in 2006 and 2008 ; clemency could complicate pending trial for alleged co-conspirator , CIA official Kyle “ Dusty ” Foggo
Politico Odds : 50 to 1
Genetically manipulated viruses could replace standard lithium - ion batteries , packing two to three times more energy than other batteries , researchers say .
The virus batteries could be thin , transparent , and lightweight , according to a US study published online recently in the journal Science by Professor Angela Belcher of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and team .
Because less material is devoted to packaging , more of the battery is used just for generating power .
" What we 're trying to do is have all of the mass and volume be used for the purpose it is to be used for , which is to power the device , " says Belcher .
The researchers say such a battery should last as long as conventional batteries .
And it could power anything from microelectronics , including chemical and biological sensors , ' lab on chip ' devices , and security tags to larger items such as mobile phones , computer displays and even electric cars .
Building batteries , like building anything , requires assembly .
The smaller the battery , the more challenging that is .
Current manufacturing techniques involve arranging nanoparticles , nanotubes , or nanowires on surfaces using expensive , high - temperature methods .
Belcher and her team decided to capitalise on biology 's inherent knack for organising microscopic structures and apply it to battery technology .
To make the viruses work like conducting wires , the scientists genetically altered the organisms so that proteins on their surfaces would be attracted to metal particles , including cobalt and gold .
Four different solutions went into the battery component : a negatively charged polymer , a positively charged polymer , negatively charged viruses , and charged particles , or ions , of cobalt .
The scientists spread the negatively and positively charged polymer solutions onto a glass slide in alternating layers .
Next , they dipped the slide into a solution containing millions of the altered viruses .
The wire - like viruses automatically spread themselves evenly across the slide , as they have a natural tendency to slightly repel each other .
When the slide was dipped into the ion solution , proteins on the surface of the viruses attracted the metal ions , causing the organisms to become , essentially , conducting wires .
And because viruses naturally replicate , scientists say that growing more to make many batteries should n't be hard .
" All you do is grow them in a bigger fermenter and you 're done .
Once you do , there 's no roadblock to scale up to industrial level production , " says Brent Iverson , professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the University of Texas at Austin
When the polymer solution dries , it becomes a transparent anode , the battery 's positively charged terminal .
A piece of film about 10 centimetres by 10 centimetres contains about a billion conducting viruses .
Belcher and her team are working next to produce the negatively charged cathode with the viruses and believe they will have a working prototype in about two years .
