Everywhere you look ( even here at Ars ) , there are articles about people making poor decisions about what kinds of info and how much to share on sites like Facebook .
The Internet is no longer a place where you can hide out easily — friends , family , and employers are all lurking , reading your embarrassing status updates and checking up on those drunken pictures from last week .
And that 's just the beginning — the world of social networking is a feeding ground for identity thieves and stalkers , too .
But it does n't have to be that way .
Many users are aware that Facebook has numerous privacy controls , for example , but even the most experienced Facebook users often do n't know just how much they can control who sees what .
For instance , did you know that you can specify exactly who can see your status updates , down to different groups of friends ( not just " friends " versus " everyone " ) ?
What about controlling which groups of people can even find you in a Facebook search to begin with ?
If you do n't want to be socially available at all , then the solution is right in front of you and you can stop reading !
However , if you have been wondering how you can be socially available on Facebook while still keeping your privacy under control , this guide is for you .
Dividing up your friends
When Facebook first launched , it was easy to determine who was a friend and who was n't .
These days , though , designations between " friends " and " not friends " are n't so easy .
Is your mom really on the same level of friendship as your roommate ?
Is your boss on the same level as your drinking buddies ?
Is your ex-girlfriend on the same level as your current girlfriend ?
You can organize your friends into different groups , which can later be used to divvy up permissions .
To do this , go to the Friends menu and select All Friends .
There 's a button at the top that says " Create New List . "
Clicking it allows you to create a list of your choosing , then add any of your friends to it .
Once you have made your selections , click " Create List , " which adds the new group to the list of your lists ( how 's that for confusing ? ) on the left - hand column of the page .
Clicking on the list you just created will show you the people you added and how many different lists they belong to — you can add people to as many or as few lists as you 'd like .
Once you 've split up all your friends into different lists — what 's next ?
Tweak access to your profile
Your profile on Facebook is not an all - or - nothing venture .
Not only do you have the option to enter as much or as little info as you want , you can also enter it all and simply control who sees what , even if they are your friends .
Some parts of your profile , such as Basic and Personal information , give you limited privacy options —
Everyone , Friends of Friends , Networks , etc .
However , there are other parts that let you designate specific lists , or even specific friends , who can or can't see what you 're up to .
To do this , go to the Settings menu and then pick Privacy settings .
Click on Profile and you are presented with drop - downs for every different part of your profile .
Certain drop - downs let you customize your lists , but you can't find out which ones until you click on the Customize option to find out .
For example , " Photos Tagged of You " lets me choose only " Some Friends , " then choose which lists I allow to see these photos .
As you can see in the screenshot , you can exclude specific lists or specific people if you 'd like .
You can set this control on this page for Photos Tagged of You , Videos Tagged of You , your list of friends , Wall posts , Education Info , and Work Info .
( This is undoubtedly handy for people like teachers who want to post snarky one - offs to their wall without their students seeing what they 're saying , for example . )
If you click over to the " Contact Information " tab , you can then customize who can see what bits of info , down to the tiniest tidbit .
Want only your closest friends to have access to your mobile phone number ?
Great .
Give your current address to your work buddies , too ?
Fantastic !
Control who finds you via Search
Unfortunately , you can't tweak who can find you via Search as specifically as you can with your various profile settings , but you can still hide out to some degree .
Going back to the Settings menu >
Privacy settings , click on Search .
The drop - down for search visibility lets you set which networks can find you via Search , or no networks if you so choose .
If you want , you can set it to only Friends of Friends , or just to Friends .
Setting it to " Only Friends " means that no one on Facebook will be able to find you via search unless they are already friends with you ( presumably this means you friended them first ) .
From here , you can also choose what strangers can see when they find you through the search .
But I did n't want the entire world to know we broke up !
Through Settings > Privacy >
News Feed and Wall , you can control what kinds of " automatic " wall items get shown to your friends .
This includes stuff like the notorious Relationship Status marker , anytime you add a friend , and when you make comments on other people 's walls .
This will apply across the board to all your friends — either everyone who follows your news feed sees that you just broke up with your boyfriend , or nobody does .
Personally , I choose nobody .
Can they use me in ads ?
No .
Yes .
Sort of .
There are different kinds of ads on Facebook , some of which are sponsored by third parties and some of which are hybrids between Facebook " social actions " and third - party ads .
If you click over to the " Facebook Ads " tab from Privacy >
News Feed and Wall , you 'll see up at the top that Facebook has a disclaimer clarifying that it does n't currently give third - party apps or ad networks the right to use your name and picture .
However , that could change in the future , and you have the option to participate or not in those ads shown to your friends .
The other type of ad often revolves around you becoming a fan of ... anything .
People , bands , foods , stores , whatever you can think of .
Facebook might stick an ad on a page for that fan page and tell your friends that you have become a fan of that page .
That is , unless you tell Facebook not to .
But wait , there 's more !
Remember Beacon , Facebook 's cross-promotional advertising system that lets certain partner sites post directly to your Facebook wall when you do things like buy gifts , purchase movie tickets , and rent movies ?
Almost two years ago , users were outraged when Beacon popped up out of nowhere and started telling the world about their off - Facebook Internet activities , all without asking permission first .
Now , Beacon asks permission — if a site wants to post something , it lets you choose whether or not it goes to your wall before it gets posted , but you can still opt out of it altogether if you find the constant requests annoying .
Go to Privacy >
Applications , and then click on the Settings tab .
Here , you can change what information gets shared with certain Facebook applications that you have chosen to install :
( The reason you can't choose the " Do not share " radio button is because you agree to share some info when you install applications .
If you do n't want to share that info , then you must uninstall all of your Facebook applications . )
If you scroll down a bit more , there 's a checkbox that lets you opt out of all Beacon - related updates .
Conclusion
Would it be easier if Facebook did n't bury all these different options in different ( and sometimes unintuitive ) places ?
Yes .
But at least the site offers these options in the first place —
Facebook may not always make the best decisions up front about how to handle user privacy , but the company is sensitive to the desires of its users and is usually quick to add options when new situations arise .
By tweaking which groups can find you in search , which can see your wall postings , and which can see your personal information , you can still enjoy the benefits of the popular social networking site without letting it all hang out .
Nick Griffin is now a Member of the European Parliament even though he won fewer votes than he did five years ago .
That 's right , fewer .
In 2004 , the BNP in the North West polled 134,959 votes .
In 2009 , they polled 132,194 .
So , why did he win ?
In short , because of a collapse in the Labour vote from 576,388 in 2004 to 336,831 in 2009 .
In Liverpool , Labour 's vote dived by 15,000 ; in Manchester by almost 9,000 ; whilst in Bury , Rochdale and Stockport , its vote halved .
The switch away from postal votes for all in the last Euro election in the region also led to a fall in turnout .
Thus , the BNP could secure a higher share of the vote whilst getting fewer votes .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 22 , 2009
The Associated Press is reporting that so - called counterterrorism officials have issued security bulletins to police around the nation about terrorists ’ desire to attack stadiums , entertainment complexes and hotels .
The bulletins sent to the cops mention an alleged al - Qaeda “ training manual ” that specifically lists “ blasting and destroying the places of amusement , immorality , and sin… and attacking vital economic centers ” as desired targets of the CIA designed global terror and boogieman network .
The FBI made sure to loop the corporate media into the latest terror dog and pony show .
It should be common knowledge to readers of Infowars and those who listen to the Alex Jones Show that the CIA , Pakistan ’s ISI , Mossad , and MI - 6 created al - Qaeda — taking the name from a Mujahideen database — and also manufactured much of what today passes for “ Islamic terror ” and global jihadism .
“ Official ‘ war on terrorism ’ disinformation is repeated ad nauseum , accepted as fact by the mass populace , and used as the justification for ever - expanding Anglo - American war and ever - deepening criminality , ” writes Larry Chin .
“ Virtually no attention is paid to the Anglo - American support and management of ‘ Al - Qaeda ’ and other ‘ terror ’ groups .
Little or no attention is devoted to the criminally fabricated nature of modern ‘ terrorism ’ or the fact that every major ‘ terrorism ’ event in recent times has been a US or US - allied covert operation , followed by political manipulation and cover - up . ”
As usual , the FBI and DHS are playing along , even though the secret police agencies “ have no information regarding the timing , location or target of any planned attack . ”
Regardless , they “ believe it is prudent to raise the security awareness of our local law enforcement partners regarding the targets and tactics of previous terrorist activity , ” largely the product of the above mentioned organizations , as pointed out by Chin and no shortage of others .
The AP notes that law enforcement bulletins are not intended for the public , but they were released this time around because they correlate with the latest phony terrorist case .
John Byrne , writing for Raw Story , explained earlier today how the corporate media is engaged in a feeding frenzy over another government terror case , even though the feds have yet to charge anybody and it appears their case is baseless , as usual .
Getting us accustomed to uniformed troops : Army National Guard soldiers keep watch inside Grand Central Station Tuesday , Sept. 22 , 2009 in New York .
It appears even some members of the corporate media are growing tired of endless and transparently bogus terror plots .
Andrew Cohen , writing for CBS , said the almost complete lack of evidence against the supposed al - Qaeda bad guys did n’t stop the feds “ from clicking off all of the elements of their perennial song - and - dance number in terror - plot cases ; this time from New York to Denver to Washington and back .
The prejudicial leaks from law enforcement ; the prompt ( and promptly repeated ) links to al Qaeda ; the dramatic headlines , the identification of a ‘ person of interest ; ’ the assurances that no particular target had been specified ; the intercession of an overwhelmed defense attorney ; the denials , the meetings , the breakdown in talks , and , finally , the arrest ( late at night , but with the tipped - off news cameras hovering above and about ) . ”
In short , the arrests late Saturday night of Najibullah Zazi and his father , Wali Mohammed Zazi , were orchestrated for corporate media consumption and to keep the fallacious idea that “ they hate us for our freedoms ” front and center .
Americans have a tendency to forget about such nonsense if it is not sensationalized by the media .
The bulletins also serve to further propagandize increasingly federalized local law enforcement .
The phantom al - Qaeda threat will also be used to explain why there are National Guard “ security ” troops on the streets , a fact highlighted by Alex Jones on his show earlier today .
The insubstantial terror case now unfolding in New York and Colorado has prompted officials around the nation to step up patrols in subways and on mass transit .
“ New York City ’s transit agency said Tuesday it increased police presence around the city in light of the ongoing probe and the law enforcement notices , ” the AP reports .
Extra officers — with helmets , bulletproof vests , large rifles and dogs — were seen Tuesday morning at spots like Grand Central Terminal in midtown Manhattan .
The U.N. ’s General Assembly , with leaders from around the world and President Barack Obama , is several blocks away .
It is no mistake the Associated Press — a valued Operation Mockingbird asset — insinuated that Obama was at risk .
It adds an ominous character to what should be considered another attempt by the DHS and FBI to scare the dickens out of average Americans and indoctrinate them into believing there is a threat out there when in fact the terrorist threat — at least from the likes of the CIA contrivance al - Qaeda — is nonexistent .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A 10 - year - old homeschool girl described as " well liked , social and interactive with her peers , academically promising and intellectually at or superior to grade level " has been told by a New Hampshire court official to attend a government school because she was too " vigorous " in defense of her Christian faith .
The decision from Marital Master Michael Garner reasoned that the girl 's " vigorous defense of her religious beliefs to [ her ] counselor suggests strongly that she has not had the opportunity to seriously consider any other point of view . "
The recommendation was approved by Judge Lucinda V. Sadler , but it is being challenged by attorneys with the Alliance Defense Fund , who said it was " a step too far " for any court .
The ADF confirmed today it has filed motions with the court seeking reconsideration of the order and a stay of the decision sending the 10 - year - old student in government - run schools in Meredith , N.H .
TRENDING : The indictment of Anthony Fauci for his Big Lie
The dispute arose as part of a modification of a parenting plan for the girl .
The parents divorced in 1999 when she was a newborn , and the mother has homeschooled her daughter since first grade with texts that meet all state standards .
In addition to homeschooling , the girl attends supplemental public school classes and has also been involved in a variety of extra-curricular sports activities , the ADF reported .
But during the process of negotiating the terms of the plan , a guardian ad litem appointed to participate concluded the girl " appeared to reflect her mother 's rigidity on questions of faith " and that the girl 's interests " would be best served by exposure to a public school setting " and " different points of view at a time when she must begin to critically evaluate multiple systems of belief ... in order to select , as a young adult , which of those systems will best suit her own needs . "
According to court documents , the guardian ad litem earlier had told the mother , " If I want her in public school , she 'll be in public school . "
The marital master hearing the case proposed the Christian girl be ordered into public school after considering " the impact of [ her religious ] beliefs on her interaction with others . "
" Parents have a fundamental right to make educational choices for their children .
In this case specifically , the court is illegitimately altering a method of education that the court itself admits is working , " said ADF - allied attorney John Anthony Simmons of Hampton .
" The court is essentially saying that the evidence shows that , socially and academically , this girl is doing great , but her religious beliefs are a bit too sincerely held and must be sifted , tested by , and mixed among other worldviews .
This is a step too far for any court to take . "
" The New Hampshire Supreme Court itself has specifically declared , ' Home education is an enduring American tradition and right , ' " said ADF Senior Legal Counsel Mike Johnson .
" There is clearly and without question no legitimate legal basis for the court 's decision , and we trust it will reconsider its conclusions . "
The case , handled in the Family Division of the Judicial Court for Belknap County in Laconia , involves Martin Kurowski and Brenda Kurowski ( Voydatch ) , and their daughter .
The ADF also argued that the issue already was raised in 2006 and rejected by the court .
" Most urgent … is the issue of Amanda 's schooling as the school year has begun and Amanda is being impacted by the court 's decision daily , " the court filing requesting a stay said .
" Serious state
statutory and federal constitutional concerns are implicated by the court 's ruling and
which need to be remedied without delay .
" It is not the proper role of the court to insist that Amanda be 'exposed to different
points of view ' if the primary residential parent has determined that it is in Amanda's
best interest not to be exposed to secular influences that would undermine Amanda's
faith , schooling , social development , etc .
The court is not permitted to demonstrate
hostility toward religion , and particularly the faith of Amanda and Mother , by
removing Amanda from the home and thrusting her into an environment that the
custodial parent deems detrimental to Amanda . "
" The order assumes that because Amanda has sincerely held Christian beliefs , there
must be a problem that needs solving .
It is a parent 's constitutionally protected right
to train up their children in the religious beliefs that they hold .
It is not up to the
court to suggest that a 10 - year - old should be ' exposed ' to other religious views
contrary to the faith traditions of her parents .
Could it not be that this sharp 10 - year - old ' vigorously ' believes what she does because she knows it to be true ?
The court's
narrative suggests that 10 - year - olds are too young to form opinions and that they are
not yet allowed to have sincerely held Christian beliefs , " the ADF said .
" Absent any other
clear and convincing evidence justifying the court 's decision , it would appear that the
court has indeed taken sides with regard to the issue of religion and has preferred one
religious view over another ( or the absence of religion ) .
This is impermissible , " the documents said .
The guardian ad litem had an anti-Christian bias , the documents said , telling the mother at one point she would n't even look at homeschool curriculum .
" I do n't want to hear it .
It 's all Christian based , " she said .
If you would like to sound off on this issue , participate in today 's WND Poll .
I was delighted to find a 3 way natural light bulb as I had not been able to find any in any of the stores .
I use the natural light bulbs to have a light source that does n't distort the colors of the realistic looking leather feather jewelry I make .
ループス・コミュニケーションズは7月15日、ソフトウェアのバグ（不具合）を発見するサービスを開始したと発表した。技術者1万8000人が、インターネット経由でWebサイトやソフトウェアのバグを調べるもので、企業は必要な時間に専用の人員を使ってソフトウェアのテストができる。
新たに提供するサービスは、ソフトウェアテストサービス「uTest」を使うためのサポートをするもの。uTestには、世界152カ国から集った1万8000人以上の技術者で組織されたコミュニティーがある。ユーザー企業がソフトウェアやサービスのテストを依頼すると、技術者が実際にそれらを利用してバグを見つける。日本の技術者もコミュニティーに登録しているため、日本語のアプリケーションのテストも可能だ。バグ1件当たり2000〜4500円程度を支払う。バグがなかった場合、費用は無料。
uTestのイメージ
uTestでは 、Webベースでテスト工程を管理する品質管理プラットフォームもオンデマンドで提供している。テストスクリプトの作成、技術者の選抜、リアルタイムの品質管理、予算管理、出荷適正診断などができる。「Bugzilla 」「 Jira」 「 FogBugs」などのバグ追跡システムと連携しており、ユーザー企業はこのプラットフォームを使ってテストをすることも可能だ。
ループス・コミュニケーションズが新サービスとして手掛けるのは、uTest活用の代行サービス。uTestのWebサイトは英語で書かれているため、手続きの方法が分からない企業に対して、英文テストスクリプトの作成やuTestへの計画説明などを代行する。ユーザー企業は、ループスが行ったuTestのサポート費用を支払う。同サービスの価格は15万円からを想定しているという。
uTestの特徴は、必要な期間に大量の技術者を使ってテストができること。従来、ソフトウェアのテストには専門の技術者を雇用する必要があり、人件費の負担が重かった。また、数週間から数カ月のテスト期間を要するため、人材の手配も難しかった。同サービスはバグの件数による課金制のため、こうした固定費を減らせる。
ループス・コミュニケーションズによると、約1000万円の構築費用が掛かるシステムのテストを外部に委託した場合、人件費は150万円に上った。uTestを活用した場合、15万〜30万円程度にコストを抑えられるという。
新サービスの提供に当たり、ループス・コミュニケーションズは米uTestと販売代理店契約を結んだ。uTestのサービスの顧客には、米Googleや米Microsoftなど100社以上が名を連ねている。ループスはこの提携を機に日本での営業活動に本腰を入れる。Webサービス運営事業者、システムインテグレーター、ソフトウェア開発会社を対象に、2009年末までに30社の顧客獲得、1200万円の売り上げを目指す。
このサービスは、自社の業務や問題の解決をインターネット経由で不特定多数の人に委託する「クラウドソーシング」と呼ぶ手法を活用している。日本ではクラウドソーシングを使った本格的なサービスは、バナー広告をインターネット利用者で制作するリクルートの「C-team」など数えるほどしかない。今回の動きにより、日本企業はuTestが持つクラウドソーシングによる開発のコスト削減という恩恵を受けやすくなった。
関連キーワード テスト | バグ | 代行 | コミュニティー | 無料 | 品質管 理
関連ホワイトペーパー バグ | コミュニティー | 品質管 理
Copyright © ITmedia , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
IN 1985 , THE FORBES 400 were worth $ 221 billion combined .
Today , they ’re worth $ 1.13 trillion — more than the GDP of Canada .
THERE’VE BEEN FEW new additions to the Forbes 400 .
The median household income has also stagnated — at around $ 44,000 .
AMONG THE FORBES 400 who gave to a 2004 presidential campaign , 72 % gave to Bush .
IN 2005 , there were 9 million American millionaires , a 62 % increase since 2002 .
IN 2005 , 25.7 million Americans received food stamps , a 49 % increase since 2000 .
ONLY ESTATES worth more than $ 1.5 million are taxed .
That ’s less than 1 % of all estates .
Still , repealing the estate tax will cost the government at least $ 55 billion a year .
ONLY 3 % OF STUDENTS at the top 146 colleges come from families in the bottom income quartile ; only 10 % come from the bottom half .
BUSH ’S TAX CUTS GIVE a 2 - child family earning $ 1 million an extra $ 86,722 — or Harvard tuition , room , board , and an iMac G5 for both kids .
A 2 -CHILD family earning $ 50,000 gets $ 2,050 — or 1/5 the cost of public college for one kid .
THIS YEAR , Donald Trump will earn $ 1.5 million an hour to speak at Learning Annex seminars .
ADJUSTED FOR INFLATION , the federal minimum wage has fallen 42 % since its peak in 1968 .
IF THE $ 5.15 HOURLY minimum wage had risen at the same rate as CEO compensation since 1990 , it would now stand at $ 23.03 .
A MINIMUM WAGE employee who works 40 hours a week for 51 weeks a year goes home with $ 10,506 before taxes .
SUCH A WORKER would take 7,000 years to earn Oracle CEO Larry Ellison ’s yearly compensation .
ELLISON RECENTLY posed in Vanity Fair with his $ 300 million , 454 - foot yacht , which he noted is “ really only the size of a very large house . ”
ONLY THE WEALTHIEST 20 % of Americans spend more on entertainment than on health care .
THE $ 17,530 EARNED by the average Wal - Mart employee last year was $ 1,820 below the poverty line for a family of 4 .
5 OF AMERICA ’S 10 richest people are Wal - Mart heirs .
PUBLIC COMPANIES spend 10 % of their earnings compensating their top 5 executives .
1,730 BOARD MEMBERS of the nation ’s 1,000 leading companies sit on the boards of 4 or more other corporations — including half of Coca - Cola ’s 14 - person board .
THE BIDDER who won a round of golf with Tiger Woods for $ 30,100 at a 2004 Buick charity auction could deduct all but about $ 200 .
TIGER MADE $ 87 million in 2005 , all but $ 12 million from endorsements and appearance fees .
THE 5TH LEADING philanthropist last year was Boone Pickens , in part due to his $ 165 million gift to Oklahoma State University ’s golf program .
WITHIN AN HOUR , OSU invested it in a hedge fund Pickens controls .
Thanks to a Katrina relief provision , his “ gift ” was also 100 % deductible .
LAST YEAR 250 COMPANIES gave top execs between $ 50,000 and $ 1 million worth of wholly personal flights on corporate jets .
THIS PERK is 66 % more costly to companies whose CEO belongs to out - of - state golf clubs .
THE U.S. GOVERNMENT spends $ 500,000 on 8 security screeners who speed execs from a Wall Street helipad to American ’s JFK terminal .
UNITED HAS CUT the pensions and salaries of most employees but promised 400 top executives 8 % of the shares it expects to issue upon emerging from bankruptcy .
UNITED ’S TOP 8 execs will also get a bonus of between 55 % and 100 % of their salaries .
IN 2002 , “ turnaround artist ” Robert Miller dumped Bethlehem Steel ’s pension obligation , allowing “ vulture investor ” Wilbur L. Ross to buy steel stock and sell it at a 1,000 % profit .
IN 2005 , DELPHI HIRED Miller for $ 4.5 million .
After Ross said he might buy Delphi if its labor costs fell , Miller demanded wage cuts of up to 63 % and dumped the pension obligation .
10 FORMER ENRON directors agreed to pay shareholders a $ 13 million settlement — which is 10 % of what they made by dumping stock while lying about the company ’s health .
POOR AMERICANS spend 1/4 of their income on residential energy costs .
EXXON ’S 2005 PROFIT of $ 36.13 billion is more than the GDP of 2/3 of the world ’s nations .
CEO PAY AMONG military contractors has tripled since 2001 .
For David Brooks , the CEO of bulletproof vest maker DHB , it ’s risen 13,233 % .
AT THE $ 10 MILLION bat mitzvah party Brooks threw his daughter last year , guests got $ 1,000 gift bags and listened to Aerosmith , Kenny G. , Tom Petty , Stevie Nicks , and 50 Cent — who reportedly sang , “ Go shorty , it ’s your bat mitzvah , we gonna party like it ’s your bat mitzvah . ”
FOR PERFORMING IN the Live 8 concerts to “ make poverty history , ” musicians each got gift bags worth up to $ 12,000 .
OSCAR PERFORMERS and presenters collectively owe the IRS $ 1,250,000 on the gift bags they got at the 2006 Academy Awards ceremony .
A DOG FOOD COMPANY provided “ pawdicures ” and other spa treatments to pets of celebrities attending the 2006 Sundance Film Festival .
ONE OF MADONNA’S recent freebies : $ 10,000 mink and diamond - tipped false eyelashes .
PARIS HILTON , who charges clubs $ 200,000 to appear for 20 minutes , stiffed Elton John ’s AIDS benefit the $ 2,500 - per - plate fee she owed .
ACCORDING TO Radar magazine , Owen Wilson was paid $ 100,000 to attend a Mercedes - Benz - sponsored Hamptons polo match .
When other guests tried to speak with him , he reportedly said , “ That ’s not my job . ”
Sources
See How the Poor Get Poorer .
One of the problems of pretending to be a quasi- legitimate news organization is that , sometimes , we ’ll get beaten to the punch .
In this case , however , we do n’t mind .
Our pot - smokin ’ buddy ( he does n’t smoke pot — it ’s a slap at John Herrera ) Michael Silver of Yahoo !
Sports reports that the Browns have fined a player for not paying for a bottle of water that he drank in his hotel room during a preseason road trip .
The bottle of water cost $ 3 .
With the fine , the player could have purchased 567 more of them .
Yes , Browns coach Eric Mangini fined the player $ 1,701 for not paying for the $ 3 bottle of water .
We ’d heard about this one several days ago , but it sounded so ludicrous that we wanted to be 100 percent sure of it before mentioning it .
( We hope NBC ’s legal department appreciates that . )
Nuggets like this serve only to bolster the notion that agents will be steering players away from the Browns in the 2010 offseason , essentially forcing the Browns to overpay ( 2008 Raiders style ) in order to persuade players to join the Browns staff .
Meanwhile , if there ’s an issue with players not settling up their incidentals invoice from a hotel stay , why not simply deduct the cost of the unpaid bottles of water and Snickers bars ( product placement ! ) from their paychecks ?
Hell , that ’s what we assumed most teams did , anyway .
Then again , common sense possibly ain’t all that common within the walls of the football club residing in Cuyahoga County .
You spend most of your time in front of the computer doing internet , but may not have thought about what a browser can do and which browser is right for you .
In reality , each browser is different in its own way .
Lunascape is the world ’s only triple engine browser .
What this means is that you can have the best features , performance , and speed of Windows Internet Explorer , Mozilla Firefox , Google Chrome , and Apple Safari all in one browser and can view any website in an optimal way without a need to open another browser and you know that using Lunascape is 100 % free .
It ’s standard set - up is highly multi-functional without installing a lot of add - ons and plug-ins .
This browser has several highly effective tools for anyone working with web developing , especially in our bookmarklets .
Although it is possible to add many features to other browsers through add - ons and plug-ins , many browsers tend to become slow and unstable as the number of these increase , because the add-ons and plug-ins search for updates every time the program is started .
With Lunascape , all the features you need come standard , so start up is lightning fast .
You can try to download here .
Lunascape certainly offers Mouse Gestures !
You can set the functions you want for mouse movement while right clicking .
Many people choose to make a movement to the left go “ back ” , a movement to the right go “ forward ” , and so forth .
Once you have experienced the convenience of these mouse gestures , you will never be able to surf the web without them again .
One of the biggest problems while browsing is crashing ( when the browser is forced to automatically close ) .
Lunascape comes equipped with crash prevention features .
Only the problematic tab will be closed , preventing the crash of the browser itself in most situations .
However , in the event that a crash does occur , Lunascape allows you to restart the program at the same pages you were viewing immediately before the crash .
A “ bookmarklet ” function that you can use to check a site ’s source code without an HTML Editor comes standard .
In the “ Web Development ” menu below , features such as “ Style Test ” , “ Style Sheet Display ” and “ List of image without Alt Text ” are also installed standard .
This feature allows you to set information you have registered in your favorites , RSS feeds , and tickers to be displayed as a pop up in the lower right hand corner of your screen ( or elsewhere ) .
These pop-ups will be displayed even if the browser is housed in the task tray so you wo n’t miss a thing .
With Lunascape , you can display up to 100 tabs and have very precise control over all of them .
You also get highly convenient tab functions such as the ability to change rendering engines between tabs and make settings such as “ View banking websites with Trident , and G - mail with Gecko ” .
When it comes to “ fast ” browsing , browser launch speed is also an important factor .
Lunascape has been keen on improving this speed aspect as well .
Lunascape provides a useful tool for your Internet search .
Enter words in the Search Bar , select the search engine you want to use in a pull - down list and get your results without type any URL .
You can also add your own favorite search engine easily if it is not already listed .
Enlarge Riders , from left , Everett Hanson , 7 , Truman Hanson , 4 , Sarah Gilbert and Monroe Hanson , 2 , get around Portland , Ore. , on a custom - made bike .
Gilbert wants to be able to go through restaurant drive - throughs on her bike just as car drivers do .
Sarah Gilbert stepped off her bicycle long enough to send one angry tweet via Twitter — and it's changed the way one fast - growing burger chain treats bike riders .
The 35 - year - old blogger , freelance writer and mother of three does n't own a car .
She gets around usually bike - friendly Portland , Ore. , on a custom - made stretch bike that fits all three of her boys , ages 2 , 4 and 7 .
A bumper sticker boasts : " One less minivan . "
But after biking last week into the drive - through of the local Burgerville — an eco-conscious burger chain that even recycles its used cooking oil into biodiesel — she tried to order four cheeseburgers .
No go .
She was refused service at the drive - through for , of all things , ordering from a bike .
Never mind that the environmentally friendly restaurant chain spent $ 185,000 on wind energy credits in 2008 to compensate for the electricity used in its 39 stores and at its corporate headquarters .
When Gilbert got home , she sent out a huffy tweet followed by a pointed letter to the chain , which she posted on her blog , cafemama.com .
By the next day , the company apologized .
In short order , the Vancouver , Wash . - based chain , with locations in Oregon and Washington , revamped its policy and will announce a new bicycle - friendly drive - through program on Sept.
8 . " Bicyclists are n't dangerous , " says Gilbert , who has accepted the chain 's apology .
" They 're people who 've chosen not to drive a car . "
Particularly in Portland — 4.2 % of workers commute to work via bike , vs. 0.47 % nationally , says the Census Bureau .
What frustrated Gilbert most is that she 'd been served at the same drive - through — on her bike — a few weeks earlier .
McDonald 's and Burger King both ban bikes from drive - throughs , citing concern for the safety of their customers .
Being shunned from drive - throughs is a frustration for bicyclists , says Elizabeth Kiker , vice president at the advocacy group League of American Bicyclists .
" It 's so arbitrary . "
But bicyclists do n't always go quietly .
Besides her blog , Gilbert tweets , and has 3,000 followers .
The lesson for companies that incorporate green values into the brand is to carefully match company guidelines with those values .
" Burgerville does n't only sell burgers , they sell trust , " says Martin Lindstrom , author of Buyology : Truth and Lies About Why We Buy .
Unless Burgerville quickly comes up with an outside - the - box sustainability move , the marketing consultant says , " They 'll always be known for the woman on the bike who did n't get served . "
Jeff Harvey , CEO of the $ 70 million burger chain , wants to do more .
He says he even wants Gilbert 's help in developing the new bike - through program .
" It 's a bit humbling , " says Harvey , who has strived to build the chain 's reputation around sustainability concerns — with 70 % of its food ingredients coming from Oregon and Washington .
" If we had it to do over again , we 'd have designed a different response . "
Burgerville 's drive - through sensors do n't detect bicycles when they pull up , so for the short term , the chain will post signs at drive - throughs that tell bicyclists to go to the pick - up window to order .
It 's working on a better system for what Harvey calls " greener " drive - throughs .
It may be too late , Lindstrom says .
The " Twitter cycle " on this company 's actions may have already come and gone , he says .
" Corporate America is built on inflexibility , but Twitter is about turning things around in minutes .
Few brands have prepared themselves for this . "
Or for Gilbert , the mommy bicyclist - turned - activist who finds the drive - through " safety " issue absurd .
It 's not dangerous , she says .
Except maybe for businesses that shoo away bicyclists , she says .
They may get tweeted .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
As it is , the longevity gap starts at birth and persists through middle age , but then it eventually disappears .
If you reach 80 in the United States , your life expectancy is longer than in most other developed countries .
The United States is apparently doing something right for its aging population , but what ?
Image Credit ... Viktor Koen
One frequent answer has been Medicare .
Its universal coverage for people over 65 has often been credited with shrinking the longevity gap between the United States and other developed countries .
But when Dr. Preston and a Penn colleague , Jessica Y .
Ho , looked at mortality rates in 1965 , before Medicare went into effect , they found an even more pronounced version of today ’s pattern : middle - aged people died much more often in the United States than in other developed countries , but the longevity gap shrunk with age even faster than today .
In that pre-Medicare era , an American who reached 75 could expect to live longer than most people elsewhere .
Besides smoking , there could be lots of other reasons that Americans are especially unhealthy in middle age .
But Dr. Preston says he saw no evidence for the much - quoted estimates that poor health care is responsible for more preventable deaths in the United States than in other developed countries .
( Go to nytimes.com / tierneylab for details . )
For all its faults , the American system compares well by some important measures with other developed countries , as Dr. Preston and Ms. Ho enumerate .
Americans are more likely to be screened for cancer , and once cancer is detected , they are more likely to survive for five years .
It ’s been argued that the survival rate for cancer appears longer in America merely because the disease is detected earlier , but Dr. Preston says that earlier detection can be an advantage in itself , and that Americans might also receive better treatment .
He and Ms. Ho conclude that the mortality rates from breast cancer and prostate cancer have been declining significantly faster in the United States than in other industrialized countries .
Americans also do relatively well in surviving heart attacks and strokes , and some studies have found that hypertension is treated more successfully in the United States .
Compared with Europeans , Americans are more likely to receive medication if they have heart disease , high cholesterol , lung disease or osteoporosis .
U foun ' me a corm it is jus ' mai siez
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Description : Guest on an ( Argentinian ? ) TV show , Maria Rito , has real problems keeping her legs together !
Thanks to simmysun for the video .
Views : 292338 Date : September 19 , 2009 Favorited : 14
U.S. Postal Service Gives Stamp of Approval To FOSS
by Ostatic Staff - Jul. 10 , 2009
Related Blog Posts
The U.S. Postal Service ( USPS ) has switched 1,300 of the servers that manage its package tracking system to a Linux environment .
The move has taken the better part of a year since all the original system code was written in Cobol and had to be converted for Linux -- a less expensive option than rewriting it altogether .
The migration is a part of a larger plan to standardize on open source software to lower operating costs and increase the number of transactions the system can handle .
The USPS currently manages over 40 million transactions every day , from tracking priority mail to shipping packages for customers at local post offices .
Though the USPS wo n't discuss exact figures on how the cost savings of moving from a Sun Solaris environment to Hewlett - Packard , it 's clearly substantial .
Postal Service representative John Byrne told Government Computer News ,
“ We ’re achieving significant savings moving from the Sun to the HP environment — obviously not as materially as the IBM proprietary environment to Linux because the mainframe has had the higher cost to begin with and farther to fall . ”
In today 's sagging economy and economic downturn , its good to see the U.S. Government tightening its belt and cutting costs by using open source software to help curb spending .
Although there are opposing viewpoints on the use of open source in government , FOSS is making significant headway and may be on the road to winning the race .
I still wake up in the night , wishing I had killed my mother .
But Keir Starmer is wrong
A.N. Wilson struggled to watch his mother 's agonisingly slow death
When I wake up in the watches of the night , I still wish that I had killed my mother .
In her late eighties , this spirited , independent , active ( almost hyperactive ) old lady began to slither downhill .
She found walking extremely difficult , being almost paralysed with excruciatingly painful osteoporosis .
A boyish woman who had once been a tennis player and lithe swimmer , she became a hunched little dwarf for whom every movement was agony .
Her backbone became crumbling masonry and with each erosion of bone , her internal organs became squashed together so that digestion and breathing were difficult .
She was never heavily built but she began to lose weight , dipping beneath five stone .
We all lived , in our family , from crisis to crisis .
She insisted upon living alone and turned down offers to share the houses of her children .
Good for her .
She wanted to be independent .
Then she had a fall .
She developed pneumonia .
It was obvious that Nature was saying the end had come .
I blame no one for what happened next .
I just wish it had not happened .
Acting with the best possible motives , the hospital doctors decreed that she was too sick to be returned home , even though she and her three grown - up children had organised an efficient network of home carers .
At that point , it seemed immaterial where she was , since it seemed so obvious that she had a matter of days , at most weeks , to live .
She was moved from the excellent NHS hospital to a Westminster Care Home .
Such was the skill of the nursing , and the efficacy of the antibiotics pumped into her , that the pneumonia was cured .
She was given food to sip from a cup as if she was a baby and put on about a stone .
The trouble was , she had become demented .
For a few months , I felt almost grateful that she did not know what was happening to her .
She still managed to reach for the telephone and there were distressing , and at the same time hilarious , calls in which she would accuse me , in my late 40s , and my brother , nearly 60 , of having rummaged through her belongings and spread them all over the lawn outside her room .
She obviously thought we were children again .
When I asked what made her think we had done this , she said that I had been giving her the messages through the window , using semaphore flags .
the moments of comedy soon vanished because the dementia left her and she woke up to the nightmare of her existence in that ' home ' .
My spruce , neat , clean , mother had become doubly incontinent .
She could not get to the loo except on a zimmer frame , assisted by a pair of Bulgarian nurses .
She terribly missed her house , her solitudes , the sea view from her bedroom , her books .
She had lost the energy to read .
She was bored , everlastingly wretched .
If I took her home for the middle hours of the day , the lavatorial humiliations were too awful , even though she was now swathed in nappies like a baby .
She was never happy for a single minute in those last years , until the last day when a kind of peace descended .
If only she had died before she reached this state !
If only her hitherto dignified life had ended as nature so plainly meant it to end .
As I began by saying , I wish I had possessed the courage to smother her with a pillow , rather than leaving her in that living hell for over two years .
Had the roles been reversed , I would have begged her to kill me .
My murderous thoughts for my mother were rekindled by Keir Starmer 's announcement yesterday of his guidelines for assisted suicide .
Keir Starmer :
His new guidelines are ' no help at all ' according to A.N Wilson
I do not know whether my poor mother would have wanted an assisted suicide or not .
All I know , since watching her agonisingly slow death , is that I would most definitely want to take my own life , or for someone to take it for me , before I reached this stage .
All around us there are human beings whose bodies and spirits have in reality reached the end , but who are kept alive often for many years by the wonders of modern medicine .
I see no virtue whatsoever in these terminal circumstances , in pretending that there is some mystical thing called ' life ' which God or Morality have forbidden us to terminate .
The half - life of paralysis , and pain , and misery for all around you is no life at all .
In my view it is far better to end it all in circumstances which are , if possible , in your control .
Obviously , when we reach these frail states , circumstances have begun to move beyond our control and we need the loving and expert assistance of our family or of the medical profession .
So yes , I would welcome the legalisation of assisted suicide in this country and would support any moves to bring it on to the statute books .
The trouble is that Keir Starmer 's guidelines are no help at all - in fact , they mean we are in the ludicrous position of the law saying one thing and doing another .
Assisted suicide is illegal in Britain : it is wrong to go to Switzerland with your loved ones and help them to die .
Even helping them on to the plane , knowing their intention , is illegal .
Yet , without going through the proper legislative process , Keir Starmer has been going round radio stations to make it clear that he thinks relatives should be allowed to assist members of their family to die .
Surely , if we have laws , we should abide by them .
And if we wish to change laws , they should be changed in Parliament , not by lawyers in radio studios .
Increasing numbers of people in this country believe , like me , there is an overwhelming case for changing the law .
The two objections to changing the law do not stand up .
One is that the system is open to abuse .
It is claimed that unscrupulous carers or family will force sick or elderly patients to ' opt ' for suicide because they do not want to be a burden .
But the sorry reality is that unscrupulous and unpleasant people will always abuse the weak and the elderly , whatever the law .
Their malign activities will go on whether the assisted suicide is legalised or not .
The second objection to legalising assisted suicide is that there is often something noble about people suffering an illness for as long as nature or God decree .
There are those who cite the example of Jade Goody - a girl who lived in many ways a terrible and immoral life but who bravely used her terminal cancer to give her children a decent future .
Yet most cancer patients are not represented by Max Clifford and will not make a million from their prolonged deaths .
On the contrary , for many families the continuation of a terminally sick patient 's lingering condition in expensive care can be ruinously expensive , especially if the relatives have to give up their jobs to become carers .
It is true that unscrupulous children might make parents feel that they are a burden .
But the illness and decrepitude of some patients is often placing a burden - an intolerable burden - on families , making it impossible for them to live their lives and calling for reserves of goodness or sheer energy which they simply do not possess .
It is not immoral for carers and younger family members to feel entitled to a bit of a life apart from the agonising bedside , and I fail to see why the preservation of life in such circumstances is always to be seen as virtuous .
Obviously , any law on assisted suicide must protect the vulnerable and prevent their deaths against their will .
But beyond this , in a free society , it seems intolerable that grown - up sentient beings can not decide when to bring life to an end , without the added horror that those they love best will be criminalised .
Van Morrison Releases Three Chords and the Truth Expanded Edition
Van Morrison has released an Expanded Edition of his stunning new album - Three Chords And The Truth .
The Expanded Edition includes four new mixes of the tracks ‘ Three Chords And The Truth ’ , ‘ Early Days ’ , ‘ Nobody In Charge ’ and ‘ Does Love Conquer All ? ’ and is released today ( November 29th 2019 ) on Exile / Caroline International .
Read More
I am getting a premonition of how shocked and appalled “ reasonable ” people are going to be ( and how Villagers will bleat that “ no one could have predicted ! “ ) when right - wing nutjobs take irresponsible , inflammatory rhetoric like this and decide to kill people in the name of defending the republic :
At a town hall meeting this week , “ a partisan crowd of over 2,000 people ” cheered on Rep. Wally Herger ’s ( R - CA ) fear - mongering about the Obama administration and its policy proposals : “ Herger did not hold back on his opinion of the health care plan and the administration ’s appointment of ‘ czars ’ to head various departments and task forces .
‘ Our democracy has never been threatened as much as it is today , ’ Herger said to a loud standing ovation . ”
It ’s pretty simple :
These nuts seriously believe that , under Obama , our democracy has never been threatened as much as it is today .
When a supposedly respectable Republican elected leader is effectively telling you that Obama is more dangerous to our country than even Hitler or Stalin ’s communism were , how could you , as a red - blooded Real American™ , NOT go out and kill the evil libruls that are out to destroy America ?
I weep for our country when that day someday comes ( again ) …
Update : Frank
Rich tears down some more inflammatory rhetoric spewed by GOP Senator Tom Coburn :
“ IT is time to water the tree of liberty ” said the sign carried by a gun-toting protester milling outside President Obama ’s town - hall meeting in New Hampshire two weeks ago .
The Thomas Jefferson quote that inspired this message , of course , said nothing about water : “ The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . ”
That ’s the beauty of a gun – you do n’t have to spell out the “ blood . ”
The protester was a nut .
America has never had a shortage of them .
But what ’s Tom Coburn ’s excuse ?
Coburn is a Republican senator from Oklahoma , where 168 people were murdered by right - wing psychopaths who bombed a federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995 .
Their leader , Timothy McVeigh , had the Jefferson quote on his T - shirt when he committed this act of mass murder .
Yet last Sunday , when asked by David Gregory on “ Meet the Press ” if he was troubled by current threats of “ violence against the government , ” Coburn blamed not the nuts but the government .
“ Well , I ’m troubled any time when we stop having confidence in our government , ” the senator said , “ but we ’ve earned it . ”
Coburn is nothing if not consistent .
In the aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing , he was part of a House contingent that helped delay and soften an antiterrorism bill .
This cohort even tried to strip out a provision blocking domestic fund - raising by foreign terrorist organizations like Hamas .
Why ?
The far right , in league with the National Rifle Association , was angry at the federal government for aggressively policing America ’s self - appointed militias .
In a 1996 floor speech , Coburn conceded that “ terrorism obviously poses a serious threat , ” but then went on to explain that the nation had worse threats to worry about :
“ There is a far greater fear that is present in this country , and that is fear of our own government . ”
As his remarks on “ Meet the Press ” last week demonstrated , the subsequent intervention of 9/11 has not changed his worldview .
Read the whole thing .
C'mon , admit it .
It 's OK .
We 're all friends here in this post - partisan age .
You 've been wanting new quarter coins for so long , it almost hurts , does n't it ?
But you did n't want to say anything , afraid to stand out .
And you held that burning desire for a new kind of coin bottled up inside , the pressure mounting always .
Because you thought you were the only American who studied both sides of a quarter before spending it .
And who would n't grow tired of barely five dozen different design quarters out there ?
Imagine , once the richest nation in the world , a country that could put a man on the moon , a country that will soon have a federal spending deficit the size of the moon -- a full one .
And we can't afford new quarters for China to own ?
If it is n't the old , familiar wing - flapping eagle , it 's Utah or Montana or Delaware ( which despite ....
Last updated at 00:26 29 February 2008
Teenager Ashleigh Morris can't go swimming , soak in a hot bath or enjoy a shower after a stressful day 's work - she 's allergic to water .
Even sweating brings the 19 - year - old out in a painful rash .
Ashleigh , from Melbourne , Australia , is allergic to water of any temperature , a condition she 's lived with since she was 14 .
Scroll down for more ...
Ashleigh , 19 , has been allergic to water for five years
She suffers from an extremely rare skin disorder called Aquagenic Urticaria - so unusual that only a handful of cases are documented worldwide .
When Ashleigh gets wet her body explodes in sore , itchy red lumps that take about two hours to ease .
She has to wash .
But showering is a painful experience and she can only do it for a minute at a time .
These brief showers are the only contact Ashleigh has with water .
The one thing she does n't miss is the washing up .
" People find it hard to believe , they say things like ' Oh my god , how do you wash .
Scroll down for more ...
The rash Ashleigh gets after coming into contact with water is MORE painful than it looks
" That makes me feel dirty , but I consider myself a very clean person , " she said .
Most of us take showering for granted but for Ashleigh it 's a painful endurance that often reduces her to tears .
" Although my rash is unsightly , and often looks like I 'm diseased , the feeling is so much worse than it looks , " she said .
" I can't go anywhere for about two hours afterwards because it 's so severe .
" There 's been many occasions where I 've been so itchy , I 've made myself bleed from scratching . "
Away from water pretty Ashleigh appears like any other healthy teenager .
She leads a busy life studying Journalism and Public Relations at university and working in an office .
But if she gets wet she attracts unwanted attention .
" People stare at me in the street , " said Ashleigh who lives with her mum Louise Miller , 42 .
" After a shower I stay at home until it goes away , that frees me of the burden of having to explain . "
Ashleigh spends a lot of time explaining her condition because few people have heard of it .
Most doctors and dermatologists have never seen a case of it .
" Many people do n't even believe me when I tell them , " said Ashleigh , who hardly believed it herself at first .
She developed the condition five years ago after an acute case of tonsillitis .
She was prescribed a heavy dose of penicillin that rid her of the tonsillitis but left her with another problem .
" I suddenly started getting a rash after I showered or swam , " says Ashleigh who used to swim regularly and spend a lot of time at the beach .
" I tried to ignore it but it got progressively worse so I went to see a dermatologist . "
Ashleigh 's dermatologist , Professor Rodney Sinclair , told her the penicillin had altered the histamine levels in her body and caused the Aquagenic Urticaria to occur .
There is no cure and no successful treatment for the condition so the gravity of the situation began to dawn on the 14 - year - old Ashleigh .
" I was in disbelief for a while , but I soon realised how serious it was .
" I cried for a few hours , then picked myself up , and kept going .
I realised it was something I had to live with , " she says .
So Ashleigh found ways to avoid water - she stopped doing sports and anything that made her sweat .
She makes sure she stays in air - conditioned places and always has an umbrella in her car .
Her family and boyfriend of three years , Adam , 23 , are very supportive but her condition makes intimate moments with her Adam a little difficult .
" We have to sleep with a sheet between us at night , and I can't go near him if he 's sweaty , " said Ashleigh .
Even the experts seem a little vague about Aquagenic Urticaria .
Dermatologists agree there 's an association with elevated blood histamine levels , but there are other processes at work since antihistamine drugs often provide no relief at all .
Nina Goad of the British Association of Dermatologists says : " There is n't a wealth of information about Aquagenic Urticaria because it 's extremely rare .
" We 're not sure how many cases there are in the world and we do not yet fully understand the precise mechanisms that trigger the weals . "
So you want something to look forward to in your fast approaching old age , eh ?
If robots playing baseball does n't quite cut it , how 's about a robohand that redefines what we understand by the word " dexterity " ?
The Ishikawa Komuro Laboratory is at it again , this time demonstrating robotic appendages with a reaction time of a single millisecond .
Using harmonic drive gears and a ( really ) high - speed actuator , the three - fingered hands can tie your shoelaces , tweezer your brow , and even perform some kung fu pen spinning for the ladies .
Video after the break -- skip ahead if you must , but do n't miss out on the slow - mo action at 2:40 in the demo , it 's pure kinetic poetry .
[ Via Hizook ;
Thanks ,
Thomas B ]
The way you sleep during a one night stand
The way you sleep during a one night stand can say a lot about your feelings towards the situation ...
As a candidate for president , Hillary Clinton pledged to ban Blackwater .
In February 2008 , she announced that she would sign on as the co-sponsor of a little - known bill put forward in the House by Representative Jan Schakowsky and in the Senate by Bernie Sanders .
The Stop Outsourcing Security , or SOS Act , sought to end the use of armed mercenaries in US war zones .
Clinton became the only other senator to sign on to the bill and the most important political figure in the US to call for such a ban on " Blackwater and other private mercenary firms in Iraq . "
" These private security contractors have been reckless and have compromised our mission in Iraq , " Clinton said in a February 28 , 2008 statement on the campaign trail .
" The time to show these contractors the door is long past due .
We need to stop filling the coffers of contractors in Iraq , and make sure that armed personnel in Iraq are fully accountable to the U.S. government and follow the chain of command . "
As Secretary of State , Clinton now presides over a diplomatic security force in Iraq that for the " indefinite " future will include Blackwater .
ABC News ’s " The Blotter " is reporting that Blackwater ( which now does business as Xe Services and US Training Center ) will continue to be the State Department ’s aviation contractor in Iraq , despite a supposed Iraqi ban on the company .
" We unilaterally extended the current task order … to ensure the continued security and safety of U.S. personnel in Iraq , " a State Department official said .
As I reported in The Nation weeks ago , Blackwater operatives , according to the State Department , " are permitted to continue carrying weapons " in Iraq for the foreseeable future on that contract .
On July 31 , the Obama administration extended Blackwater ’s Iraq contract , increasing Blackwater ’s payment by $ 20 million and bringing the total paid by the State Department to Blackwater for its " aviation services " in Iraq to $ 187 million .
Meanwhile , according to federal contract data , on August 13 , Blackwater was paid another $ 23 million on a $ 156 million " security " contract in Afghanistan with the US State Department .
That is in addition to Blackwater ’s contracts with the Department of Defense and its ongoing work for the CIA as part of its drone bombing raids in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
US government contractors have had their contracts cancelled for far less than the crimes Blackwater is alleged to have committed .
See the recent moves involving the Rendon Group , which prepared dossiers on journalists , for instance .
The recently disclosed insane misconduct by US contractors happening at the American embassy in Kabul , brought to light by the Project on Government Oversight , should keep Secretary Clinton busy for some time regarding the issue of contractor oversight .
But here are some questions for Secretary Clinton about Blackwater :
Why do you continue to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to a company whose operatives have been indicted for manslaughter of Iraqi civilians ; that is under investigation for arms smuggling and other possible crimes ; that has been implicated in the CIA assassination program allegedly withheld from Congress ; that is owned by a man , Erik Prince , whom a former employee says " views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe ? "
Moreover , why are you using a company you pledged to ban now that you actually have the power to ban them ?
If you thought in February of 2008 that the " time to show these contractors the door is long past due , " what time is it now ?
Kanoski Bresney is the largest personal injury law firm located within central Illinois .
With 10 attorneys and more than three dozen staff members , we have the resources to handle any type of injury claim anywhere in the state .
Whether a case involves a car accident or other personal injury , workers ’ compensation or medical malpractice claim , our experience helps to ensure our clients get the respect , response , and results ® they deserve .
Why Choose Us as Your Lawyer
We have been here for over 40 years helping our neighbors who were wrongfully harmed .
We have recovered over $ 400 million for our clients .
We are trial lawyers who are not intimidated by large corporations , their teams of defense lawyers , or courtrooms .
We will not hesitate to take your claim to trial if it means getting the compensation you deserve .
We are client - oriented , committed to serving the best interests of the people we represent .
We operate on a contingency fee basis – we do not charge any fees unless we win your case .
Why You Need a Personal Injury Lawyer
When you are harmed , compensation for damages should reflect the full scope of the impact upon your life , personally , emotionally , and financially .
Insurance companies are in the business to collect money and historically will not let go of their money easily , instead they rely on their own bottom line when valuating your losses .
With the assistance of the legal team at Kanoski Bresney , you can be confident that your case will be accurately valued , and the maximum compensation aggressively pursued .
When you are harmed , you will also likely need to contend with your own health , auto or disability insurer .
Many of these organizations have sneaky clauses that allow them to unfairly take a large portion of your settlement / verdict if you do not have an attorney .
Our team of litigators is experienced in negotiating settlements , and are highly - skilled , experienced trial lawyers who are confident when they are forced to take a case to court .
After a serious injury , it is imperative that you are on an equal playing field with big insurance .
It is imperative you are represented by an Illinois injury lawyer who will be dedicated to seeking justice and fair compensation .
Global NGO Forum Demands Concrete Action On Cairo Commitments
BERLIN , September 4 — Activists for women ’s health and rights today demanded “ concrete , practical and fully ‐funded actions ” by governments to fulfill their 15 years of promises about investing in equality , human rights and social and economic development , especially for women and girls .
In a five ‐point Berlin Call to Action ending the Global Partners in Action forum here , more than 400 delegates from 131 countries urged the international community to meet the 2015 deadline for achieving the Programme of Action of the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development ( ICPD ) .
“ As urgent as the ICPD agenda was in 1994 , it is even more so today , ” said the declaration , which the non‐governmental organization ( NGO ) delegates hammered out in a late ‐night session after three days of talks .
“ We demand that all governments fulfill the commitments made to their own people and the international community at Cairo in 1994 . ”
The ICPD created “ a visionary global consensus ” among 179 governments that overturned existing demographics ‐based approaches to achieving sustainable development , reducing poverty and slowing population growth in favor of policies based on meeting the needs of individuals for human rightsand sexual and reproductive health care .
Reaffirmed in many United Nations and international meetings ever since , including the 2000 Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , the Cairo Consensus pledged investments that in too many cases have not been made .
“ With five years left , ” the Berlin Call to Action said , “ we call on local , national and international decision ‐makers to join with non‐governmental organizations to establish and implement concrete , practical and fully ‐funded actions for ensuring sexual and reproductive health and rights . ”
The NGOs pledged cooperation with policymakers and urged immediate national , government and international action to :
Guarantee that sexual and reproductive rights , as human rights , are fully recognized and fulfilled , through legal reforms and new family policies ;
Invest in comprehensive sexual and reproductive health information , supplies and services as a priority in health systems strengthening , by increasing access for all ( especially in emergency settings ) to family planning and skilled maternal and newborn health care , and to HIV / AIDS prevention and treatment services , and by addressing unsafe abortion as a public health and human rights issue
Ensure the sexual and reproductive rights of adolescents and young people , by removing barriers to their access to information and services and empowering them to make policies and informed decisions aout their own lives ;
Create and implement formal mechanisms for meaningful civil society participation in programs , policy and budget decisions , monitoring and evaluation , by protecting advocates as human rights defenders , involving young people , marginalized groups and NGOs in policy dialogue and guaranteeing them autonomy ; and
Ensure that donor contributions and national budgets and policies meet the needs of all people for sexual and reproductive healh and rights , especially during times of economic stress .
The NGOs also asked decision ‐makers to adopt principles of equity and equality , inclusiveness and transparency , accountability and sustainability , and processes free from fundamentalist doctrines that restrict human rights .
“ Human beings cannot live in dignity without the full implementation of the ICPD Program of Action , ” the statement said .
“ It is a matter of human rights , democracy and equality for all . ”
Theme of the Global Partners in Action : NGO Forum on Sexual and Reproductive Health and Development was “ Invest in Health , Rights and the Future . ”
It was co‐hosted by the Government of Germany ’s Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development and UNFPA , the UN Population Fund , with additional support from the MacArthur Foundation .
For additional information and the full text of the Berlin Call to Action , visit the Global NGO Forum website
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The iconic photo of the Beatles on the crossing outside Abbey Road Studios was taken in August 1969 .
The photograph , taken by Scottish photographer Iain Macmillan , features John Lennon in a white suit and a barefoot Paul McCartney .
Ever since the image appeared on the front of their Abbey Road album , the crossing has become a place of pilgrimage .
Scores of Beatles fans visit every day to recreate the famous pose .
That 's some amazing lighting we 're seeing out there tonight .
Since dusk , a very active thunderstorm has been ripping through the Toronto area , bringing torrents of rain ( and even knocking out power to part of Pearson Airport ) .
But it 's also bringing visually stunning bolts of lighting at a frequency and scope not often seen .
blogTO readers are already submitting some great photos to the blogTO Flickr pool , some of which are included below .
UPDATE : also see some incredible amateur videos of the storm .
Photos ( in order of appearance ) by dave_in_t_o , travisdavidwood , Toronto Paul , Somewhere In Toronto , wvs , slightly awkward , markosaar , Robert Bava , and dilligafftw ( 2 ) , dpnsan , Dave Tran , mattjiggins , -- Steve -- , thru_the_night , Jeff - C- C , IzzyNomad , w1n9zr0 , and johncavacas .
GOLDEN , Colo. , Aug. 16 ( UPI ) -- A Colorado car dealer got a shock when a man drove in with a trade in the cash - for - clunkers program , a 1985 Maserati BiTurbo .
The car is in almost pristine condition , KUSA - TV , Denver , reported .
There are only 18,480 miles on the odometer .
Advertisement
While the Italian sports car stands out among the battered trucks and SUVs other people have brought to Go Subaru in Golden , it qualified under the program .
The owner got a $ 3,500 rebate on a new Subaru Impreza .
Wes Guthrie said the owner complained the Maserati would need work after being driven for 10 minutes .
He had been trying to sell it for months and finding no takers .
However impressive it looks , the Maserati is destined for the same place as the other clunkers traded in to Go Subaru .
Since the goal of the federal program is to remove gas - guzzling older cars from the roads , the engine will be disabled and the car crushed .
" Its one of those cars where you go , ' Wow , I wish it did n't have to be crushed , but unfortunately it does , ' " Guthrie said .
By Brian Milligan
Business reporter , BBC News
For £ 5 , anyone can buy a " co.uk " domain name Trading standards officers say that consumers are being tricked into buying fake goods on the internet by companies pretending to be based in the UK .
The websites are often based in China , but use " co.uk " as part of their domain name , giving shoppers a false sense of security , they say .
It is thought that there could be as many as 480,000 websites which carry " co.uk " , but which are not UK based .
The sites sell a range of goods from trainers to hair straighteners .
' Taken in ' Matthew Brown was taken in by a website called trainers9.co.uk .
" As soon as I opened the box I realised they were fake trainers , " he said .
There does n't need to be a UK link
Paul Miloseski-Reid , trading standards officer
But the fact that delivery was promised in less than three days , together with the apparently British address , convinced him that the site was genuine .
" It also had the safe purchase certificates at the bottom .
So I was taken in by all that really . "
Open to abuse Trading standards officer believe the " co.uk " suffix is lulling consumers into a sense of false security .
In fact it offers no protection whatsoever , and certainly does not mean the site is operated by a UK company .
Internet security expert Tom Ilube said the methods fraudsters used to set up false websites and confuse people were getting more focused and professional .
He advised people to reduce the risks of being duped by : • Searching for any user reviews of the site ; • Double clicking on the padlock symbol in the corner to reveal details about the company that registered the site ; and • Trying to connect the site to the real world by finding phone numbers or UK addresses .
Anyone prepared to give their name and address , and pay £ 5 , can buy a co.uk domain name for a two - year period .
In total about 6 % of registrations for " co.uk " domain names come from foreign companies , mostly based in China .
Vigilance " There does n't need to be a UK link , " says Paul Miloseski -Reid , a trading standards officer based in Richmond , Surrey .
" So it 's really open to abuse by criminals who want to pretend they 're local , when they 're selling unsafe , counterfeit goods . "
In a survey of 52 countries , trading standards found that most countries have far tougher rules than the UK .
Usually they demand some sort of link with the country whose domain name they are adopting .
Nominet , which is responsible for giving out domain names in the UK , is unrepentant .
It is proud of the fact that eight million " co.uk " addresses are now in existence , and that the UK operates one of the most liberal internet regimes in the world .
We ask Nick Wenban - Smith , the legal counsel for Nominet , whether consumers are being hood - winked by the " co.uk " name .
" Maybe , " he replies tentatively .
" People need to be vigilant . "
If consumers are unsure about the origins of a website , the advice is to use the " Whois " tool , on Nominet 's website .
Options Using that tool , we traced Matthew Brown 's fake Nike trainers to Fuzhou , in Western China .
When we contacted the company , trainers9.co.uk , they did promise to carry out an internal investigation .
But practically speaking , Matthew has few options .
Neither Paypal nor his credit card company are prepared to accept any responsibility .
His only option is to post his trainers back to China , and ask for a refund .
But he does not think that option is worth trying .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mysterious Letters
We intend to write to everyone in the world ..
In April 2009 , we sent a personal , handwritten letter to each of the 467 households in the small Irish village of Cushendall .
We hoped these unsolicited letters would prompt neighbourly discussion , spreading across the town , promoting community curiosity .
In November 2009 , we sent another bundle of letters , this time 620 , to each home in Polish Hill , Pittsburgh , USA .
The art work consists solely of the discussion between the recipients about what on Earth these letters are , who sent them and why , etc .
Lenka Clayton & Michael Crowe
PLEASE NOTE :
To protect your safety in response to the threats of COVID - 19 , we are offering our clients the ability to meet with us via telephone or through video conferencing .
Please call our office to discuss your options .
During the Covid - 19 our office is opened to serve our clients and their families .
Personal Injury | Criminal Defense | Family Law | Business Law | Elder Law
For more than 40 years , the Lawrence personal injury lawyers at DiFruscia Law Offices have vigorously protected our clients ' needs throughout Massachusetts and New Hampshire .
We are a full - service law firm representing individuals and businesses at our office outside Boston located in historic downtown Methuen on the New Hampshire border .
Whether you have a personal injury claim , a business law matter or have been charged with a crime , we will fight for you .
Our attorneys also offer contract drafting and legal services in business formation and estate planning .
We believe the law is for everyone , and it shows in our work .
Contact us today to schedule a convenient consultation with one of our experienced lawyers .
Helping Personal Injury Clients In Massachusetts And New Hampshire
At DiFruscia Law Offices , we focus our efforts on providing aggressive litigation representation for clients involved in any personal injury matter , including :
Not only do we provide thorough advice and counsel to our own clients , but we also make ourselves available to other attorneys in the area with questions about their complex personal injury matters .
Our dedication to our clients and our community has earned us numerous referrals and many lifelong clients .
Providing Comprehensive Solutions For Other Legal Issues
Our attorneys also provide in - depth solutions to a wide range of other legal dilemmas , including :
Contact An Experienced Attorney Ready To Fight For You
You have legal rights and interests .
At DiFruscia Law Offices , we understand the importance of your legal matter and are available 24/7 for your convenience .
Our regular office hours are Monday through Friday , 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m .
We are also open Monday and Wednesday nights until 7 p.m. by appointment only , and Saturday mornings from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. , also by appointment only .
We offer interpretive services for our Spanish - and Italian - speaking clients .
Contact us today by email at adifruscia@difruscialaw.com or call 978-687-1777 to schedule a confidential appointment .
You may also call us toll free at 866-403-1903 .
porn , the phantom menace , part two
Is there really such a thing as porn addiction or are we just being fed bad data from an extremely biased group of subject ?
In the past , I ’ve tackled a number of topics about sex and sexuality from abstinence - only sex education , to the use of adult entertainment as a handy villain for aspiring conservative politicians .
However , one point that I ’ve yet to address is a very common and misleading term in the arsenal of morality crusaders .
Porn addiction .
It ’s a real problem being misused by opponents of the adult film industry to cast their products in the same light as drugs and legal vices that usually exist in a judicial gray zone , legal only under very restrictive conditions or only in certain places due to pressure from highly opinionated interest groups .
But how bad is it ?
Is it true that pornography is more addictive than crack cocaine and can drive people crazy ?
Short answer ?
There ’s absolutely no factual basis behind these ideas and those espousing them usually base their statements on personal opinions or cherry - picked anecdotal examples , not on an actual body of peer - reviewed work .
To be fair , we do have to note that few studies dealing with human sexuality get funded unless they have some direct relationship with HIV or AIDS .
Figuring out how adult films can trigger some sort of addiction or if the addiction is a sign of the person ’s existing predisposition to go overboard with anything pleasurable , just is n’t a high priority for agencies that give out research grants .
And that alone might give us a hint that the problem is n’t nearly as bad as we ’re told .
Unfortunately for us , almost anything we enjoy could become addictive .
From alcohol , to tanning , to shopping , whatever stimulates our pleasure centers can be done in excess and eventually become an addiction in the clinical sense of the word .
When someone is truly addicted , it means that the compulsion to do something is so strong , there is no choice but to do it , even if he needs to work , sleep or return an urgent phone call .
Classifying addiction is n’t an easy task which is why it ’s done by experts who monitor patients over a long period of time .
This is why we have to take to take the claims of surging addiction rates presented by squads of moral crusaders with a heavy pinch of salt .
Rather than refer to professionals with PhDs in psychology , they tend to self - diagnose suspected addicts and parade them as casualties of the embodiment of carnal evil that is adult entertainment .
Let ’s keep in mind that morality groups view the act of watching porn itself as a terribly , horribly wrong .
So for them , anyone who watches porn on a regular basis , even casually and only when it does n’t interfere with the demands of the outside world , is a strong candidate for addiction .
Coupled with the accusations that porn is the main culprit of rape , homosexuality , divorce , sexism , pedophilia , teen pregnancy , STDs as well as snow storms , hurricanes and type Ia supernovae frequently recited at events that present all human sexuality as filthy and immoral while denigrating contraception , the morality crusaders ’ wildly unreasonable and ill - informed standards are designed to create a sense of crushing guilt and encourage false confessions of porn and sexual addiction .
For groups that do n’t understand moderation and are vehemently hostile to any expression of sexuality with which they do n’t personally agree , it ’s impossible to accurately diagnose porn addiction and all their claims have to be held as highly suspect and overstated .
The SENS Foundation ( which organizes the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence conferences ) is in the running for the $ 5000 grand prize in 3 banana ’s Share to Win event .
The contest seeks to raise money “ for causes serving unmet needs in health , education and environment . ”
And you can help .
It ’s pretty simple :
All you have to do is leave a comment on this page .
( The award goes to the cause with the most comments . )
You can sign on using a Google account if you already have one of those , or register for a free one - off account .
It ’s painless and takes about thirty seconds .
Your comment / vote makes a difference !
Right now , SENS is neck - and - neck with the competition — as of this post , they ’re 17 votes behind first place .
( Well , sixteen , since I just commented . )
So do n’t just sit there — this is your opportunity to help send real money to a very important cause , at no cost to yourself .
Post your comment now .
There are only four days left in the contest , so time is of the essence .
( For all you social media users , feel free to spread the word via blogs and Twitter .
If you ’re interested in regular updates from the SENS Foundation , there ’s a Facebook page as well . )
UPDATE : The push yesterday put SENS into the lead — thanks to all Ouroboros readers who took the time to comment !
But the current lead is tenuous , and it could still be lost .
If you have n’t commented yet : it does n’t take much time , and with margins like these your vote really makes a difference .
Would you really want to find out that SENS had lost by a single vote ?
Please consider taking a minute or so and leaving a comment on the contest page .
Tampa man ’s “ proof ” Beck did n’t rape woman in 1990 – DEBUNKED !!
September 6 , 2009
ST . PETERSBURG , FL . –
“ There is absolutely no way Glenn Beck raped a woman on March 14 , 1990 , because I was sailing with him and some friends that same day , ” says local Tampa retiree Gil Stefano .
He is also claiming to have a picture he took on the sailing trip to prove it .
Mr. Stefano told Unreasonably Safe Observer , “ when I first heard of the allegations I thought it was a joke , not because I did n’t think Mr. Beck was capable of it , but because from that sailing trip it did n’t seem to me like Glenn even liked women .
He was flirting like a little school girl with Bruce Henning the whole afternoon ” said Stefano .
Who added “ yeah , every time I looked at him he was batting his eyelashes or blowing little kisses at Bruce . ”
As badly as Beck fans want to believe Mr. Stefano ’s cute little tale , do n’t be fooled .
Mr. Stefano is not telling the whole truth .
While there is no questioning the legitimacy of his photo , the date he is claiming to have taken the photo is clearly erroneous .
Apparently the same photo was originally published in 1985 by Annandale Advocate .
The photo was part of a feature article which profiled Annandale local Bruce Henning ’s love of sailing and men in the paper ’s then gay friendly section , Backdoor Pages .
It seems Mr. Stefano was part of a clever cover up set up by Beck ’s camp to debunk the recent rape rumors swirling around the Fox News show host .
By now many of you are surely asking yourselves why Glenn Beck would try to create an alibi which reveals his gay past .
The only plausible answer is that it was supposed to be a diversion , a common Beck tactic .
Clearly Beck hoped to divert attention away from the rumors that he raped a woman in 1990 by creating the rumor that he used to be gay .
In the end what Beck actually accomplished was to prove that he used to be gay in 1985 , while simultaneously create even more suspicion in the minds of those who ask if maybe he raped a woman in 1990 .
Related assortment of words and letters …
Did Glenn
Beck rape a woman in 1990 ?
Answered !!
Well sort of …
Glenn Beck ’s AA sponsor decides to drop him too , but not because he ’s a racist
Glenn Beck ’s crappy new sponsors
Also check out …
Joe Biden really proud of Obama ’s much improved penmanship
Palin ’s Publisher unhappy with her Disturbingly Graphic and Vulgar Memoir
Obama ’s speech to schools results in many children now claiming : “ Communism is the best ! ! ”
20 Stupidest Protester Signs
Awesomest Obama Paintings Ever
Rush Limbaugh warns Jay -Z : Obama is after your penis
HANGZHOU , China --
When a wealthy street - car racer knocked down and killed a young man from modest origins last May , it ignited the flames of class conflict in this prosperous city in eastern China .
The 20 - year - old driver , Hu Bin , grew up the pampered son of a merchant family rich enough to own multiple cars and apartments along Hangzhou 's tree - lined boulevards .
The victim , Tan Zhuo , a 25 - year - old telecom engineer , came from a gritty rural town where his laid - off parents struggled to pay tuition to fulfill their son's dream ...
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
A captive albino axolotl displays its larval gills
The amphibian that never grew up is on the verge of going extinct in the wild .
New survey work suggests that fewer than 1,200 Mexican axolotls remain in its last stronghold , the Xochimilco area of central Mexico .
The axolotl is a type of salamander that uniquely spends its whole life in its larval form .
Its odd lifestyle , features and ability to regenerate body parts make it a popular animal kept in labs , schools and as pets .
But in the wild , the future is bleak for this " Peter Pan " of animals .
Reintroduction is not a good idea because it reduces the genetic variability and increases the chances of disease
Biologist Dr Luis Zambrano
Recent surveys suggest that between 700 and 1,200 axolotls ( Ambystoma mexicanum ) survive in six reduced and scattered areas within the Xochimilco area of the Mexican Central Valley .
One of these surveys found just a single axolotl in the whole study region .
The long - term survival of the axolotl in the wild has now become critical , and demands urgent action to restore the animal 's number and habitat , say scientists monitoring the population .
Forever young The Mexican axolotl is highly unusual .
Altogether , there are around seven species of salamander belonging to the genus Ambystoma .
A captive dark colour morph
All are quite similar and may be called axolotls .
Most are capable of retaining their larval forms throughout their whole lives .
But they usually do so in response to their environment , for example , if temperatures are too cold to emerge onto land as an adult salamander , the tadpole larvae may just keep growing underwater instead .
But the Mexican axolotl is the only species that never undergoes metamorphosis .
Instead each generation lives underwater as outsized larvae .
Males and females mate underwater and the females lay eggs on nearby structures such as plants .
The Mexican axolotl 's odd looks and unusual life history have also made it a favourite pet , and the subject of extensive biological research into its physiology .
Population crash
Though accurate information about the population of wild Mexican axolotls is hard to come by , recent evidence suggests that the population has declined alarmingly in recent decades .
For example , in 1998 there were thought to be around 6,000 axolotls per square kilometre of the Xochimilco .
Eggs of the endangered axolotl By 2004 just 1,000 lived in the equivalent area , and by 2008 around 100 animals survived per square kilometre , Dr Luis Zambrano and colleagues at the National Autonomous University of Mexico , based in Mexico City report in the journal Biological Conservation .
That is a ten - fold reduction in four years and a 60 - fold reduction in ten years , leading the International Union for Conservation of Nature to classify the species as endangered on its annual Red List of threatened species .
Now " our best estimates using unpublished data , but with two different techniques , sampling and genetic , suggests that the total amount of axolotls in the wild is between 700 and 1,200 animals , " says Dr Zambrano .
" We are still analysing the data , so it may change a little bit .
But we do n't think it will change by an order of magnitude . "
The axolotl 's range is also highly restricted .
An axolotl in its larval , but much younger form Dr Zambrano 's team has surveyed the Xochimilco , a complex water system of artificial channels , small lakes and temporary wetlands that help supply Mexico City , a nearby city of some 18 million people .
As the city has increased in size , it has dramatically reduced the axolotl 's natural habitat .
Zambrano's team calculate that the salamander now exists in just six isolated parts of the water system , often near to some of the few remaining natural springs supplying clear , fresh water .
Their most recent work shows that the reduction in water quality is one of the main factors driving the axolotl to extinction in the wild .
Another is the presence of large numbers of introduced carp and tilapia fish , which both compete ecologically with axolotls for food and resource , and also eat axolotl eggs .
Little refuge
While captive colonies of axolotls exist across Mexico , the US , Canada , Germany , the UK and Japan , reintroducing these animals would be a bad idea , say the scientists .
Prime axolotl habitat " Reintroduction is not a good idea because it reduces the genetic variability and increases the chances of chytrdiomicosis disease , " says Dr Zambrano .
Chytrdiomicosis is an often fatal condition caused by the chytrid fungus , which is decimating amphibian populations around the world .
Dr Zambrano 's team are now embarking on a programme to create wild refuges for the Mexican axolotl , in a bid to arrest the decline in its numbers and prevent it going extinct in the wild .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to Send Self - Destructing Emails
Posted by tech master | at 12:45 PM
Ever sent an email you later regretted writing ?
We all have , but it can be especially bad when those emails are sent to the wrong person or get leaked on the Internet .
You might not know this , but there are many providers that offer self destructing email services .
These services give you complete control over who reads them , how long they exist , or whether they can be printed , copied , or forwarded .
Hey , you do n't have to be a secret agent to send self - destructing emails , just a very smart geek with a reputation to maintain , so check out what these sites can do for you :
Will Self - Destruct :
This service is free .
There 's no sign up process , but you have to fill out a
web - based form with the recipient 's email address , subject , and your message .
The recipient receives an email with a link to a web page containing your
message .
Once the link is accessed , a countdown begins , and the message is
destroyed .
The email itself looks like spam , so make sure you tell your friend
to expect something from willselfdestruct.com .
SDMessage and
Destructing Message are two
similar alternatives .
KickNotes : Another web - based service
that sends self - destructing messages after filling out a form .
You can actually
control the times the message can be viewed or how long you want the message to
exist .
Once the message is created , you can either send a link to a web page
through your own email address or from KickNotes .
These sites can be useful if you want to send password or other important information that you do n't want other people to see .
Been wondering what Tom Daschle ’s been doing since he bowed out of a nomination to President Obama ’s cabinet because of a peculiar Washington disease — not paying taxes ?
According to The New York Times , former Sen .
Daschle has been spending quality time in the White House holding forth on health - care reform .
Reports The Times : “ He still speaks frequently to the president , who met with him as recently as Friday morning in the Oval Office .
And he remains a highly paid policy adviser to hospital , drug , pharmaceutical and other health care industry clients of Alston & Bird , the law and lobbying firm . ”
He says he ’s not a lobbyist .
He says he ’s a “ resource ” for his clients and former legislative colleagues .
“ I do not tailor my views to any specific group or client . ”
How believable — or unbelievable — is that claim ?
The 900 - lawyer firm he works for has received more than $ 5 million in lobbying fees so far this year , much of it from companies and associations with an abiding interest in influencing the outcome of health - care reform efforts .
From 2005 ( when the firm ’s lobbying revenues nearly tripled ) to 2008 , the firm ’s lobbying fees totaled $ 24.2 million , according to the lobbying database of the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics .
Mr. Daschle joined the K Street firm after losing his Senate re-election bid in 2004 to Sen. John Thune .
Mr. Daschle is an expert in health - care matters ; Alston & Bird has numerous clients interested in health - care reform ; and the firm ’s annual lobbying fees skyrocketed .
Surprise !
The Washington Post pegged Mr. Daschle ’s salary at $ 2 million .
He also received $ 2 million last year from business partner Leo Hindery , whose gift of a car and driver led to Mr. Daschle ’s withdrawal from cabinet consideration .
“ We know that many power brokers never register as lobbyists , but they are every bit as powerful , ” said Ellen Miller , executive director of the Sunlight Foundation watchdog group .
Over his congressional career , Mr. Daschle has enjoyed considerable financial support from the health - care industries .
Since 1998 , he has received $ 1,517,020 in campaign contributions from PACs and individuals associated with the health - care fields .
After amending his tax returns for 2005 through 2007 for failing to disclose income ( the car and driver ) from Mr. Hindery , he paid $ 101,943 in back taxes plus interest .
Then he withdrew from consideration for secretary of Health and Human Services .
In this post , he would have served as point man for the president ’s health - care reform plans .
But , reports
The Times , he appears to have sufficient access to the president ’s ear to be an effective advocate on health care .
But for whose benefit ?
White House officials say they appreciate his help .
“ He is one of a number of people that provides outside advice to the White House , and the president greatly appreciates that advice and Tom ’s friendship , ” said Dan Pfeiffer , a spokesman for the White House who previously worked for Mr. Daschle .
Mr. Pfeiffer added that the former senator was “ a recognized expert on health reform who knows more about the legislative process than just about anyone . ”
Critics , though , say his ex officio role gives Alston & Bird ’s health care clients privileged insights into the policy process .
They say Mr. Daschle ’s multiple advisory roles illustrate the kind of coziness with the lobbying world that Mr. Obama vowed to end .
If he had been confirmed as health secretary , Mr. Daschle would have been subject to strict transparency and ethics rules .
[ emphasis added ]
Mr. Daschle has not registered as a lobbyist .
Nor does he have an enviable track record of disclosing the health - care clients in his portfolio when addressing public - policy issues — as he failed to do on Aug. 16 on NBC ’s Meet the Press .
He told host David Gregory this :
Well , David , I guess the , the basic question is , are we building this new system for the American people or for the insurance companies ?
I mean , that ’s really the key question .
How will they be better served ?
But , complains Time ’s Michael Scherer :
Left unmentioned was the fact that Daschle , in his capacity as a high - paid consultant at the law firm Alston and Bird , is once again working closely with lobbyists for UnitedHealth , the largest U.S. industry player , aiding the company ’s effort to convince moderate Senate and House Democrats to , among other things , kill the public option and keep company profits high .
( BusinessWeek ’s Chad Terhune and Keith Epstein think the insurers have already won . )
Here ’s how his employer describes Mr. Daschle ’s role :
Senator Tom Daschle is a Special Public Policy Advisor in Alston & Bird ’s Washington , D.C. , office , and is a member of the Legislative & Public Policy Group .
As a non-attorney , Senator Daschle focuses his services on advising the firm ’s clients on issues related to all aspects of public policy with a particular emphasis on issues related to financial services , health care , energy , telecommunications and taxes .
In addition , he advises on trade and international matters .
He spends a substantial amount of time providing strategic and policy advice to clients in renewable energy .
Mr. Daschle could not formally lobby for a year after leaving the Senate because of ethics rules .
Five years later , he has not registered as a lobbyist .
Yet he maintains a portfolio of health - care industry clients , gives paid speeches to health - care industry groups , and has , apparently , unlimited access to the White House and its decision makers — including President Obama .
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it must be a duck .
Mr. Daschle should register as a lobbyist .
It is not always clear whether the psychotic symptoms endorsed in studies assessing the relationship between cannabis use and “ psychosis ” occurred only in the context of cannabis intoxication , or whether the symptoms were a more distal outcome of previous cannabis use .
For example , the Fergusson et al. study [ 31 ] assessed the relationship between psychotic symptoms in the past month with cannabis use in the past year .
It remains possible that the psychotic symptoms endorsed may have been experienced only while intoxicated .
The instruments used to measure psychotic outcomes in the Arsenault et al . [ 32 ] , Henquet et al . [ 33 ] , and van Os et al . [ 34 ] studies contain instructions not to include psychotic symptoms that only occur in the context of intoxication .
Further , the authors of the Swedish conscript study [ 35 ] maintain that it is unlikely that substance - induced intoxication would have been misdiagnosed as schizophrenia .
We turn now to the evidence relating to more persistent symptoms or disorders .
Several cross-sectional studies have examined the relationship between cannabis use and self - reported psychotic experiences or psychotic symptoms in the general population .
All have found that cannabis use ( or cannabis use disorders ) were more common among people reporting such experiences ; and these associations persisted after controlling for other variables [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 30 ] .
Although these findings provide important clues to the mechanisms of action linking cannabis use and persistent psychotic symptoms and / or clinical diagnoses , these outcomes are less of a concern for the research community .
Other drugs such as amphetamine have also been shown to have the potential to trigger psychotic symptoms among some users [ 25 ] .
Double - blind provocation studies using intravenous THC and related compounds in healthy controls are providing insights into the neurobiological correlates of cannabis - related transient psychotic symptoms and neuro - cognitive impairments [ 26 ] – [ 29 ] .
Schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders .
In case - control studies [ 36 ] , [ 37 ] , patients with schizophrenia are more likely to use cannabis than other psychiatric patients or normal controls [ 38 ] .
The prevalence of use in patients with schizophrenia has varied between studies but it is generally higher than rates in the general population [ 38 ] , [ 39 ] .
Cross-sectional community surveys of psychiatric disorders have also documented higher rates of substance use disorders among persons with schizophrenia [ 40 ] .
Nearly half of the patients identified with schizophrenia in the US ECA study had a diagnosis of substance abuse or dependence ( 28 % for an illicit drug disorder ) [ 41 ] , [ 42 ] .
In an Australian population - based survey , 11.5 % of those who reported that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia met ICD - 10 criteria for a cannabis use disorder in the past 12 mo , and 21.2 % met criteria for an alcohol use disorder .
After adjusting for confounding variables , those who met criteria for cannabis dependence were 2.9 times more likely to report that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia than those who did not [ 1 ] .
The first evidence that cannabis use may precipitate schizophrenia came from a 15-y prospective study of cannabis use and schizophrenia in 50,465 Swedish conscripts [ 43 ] .
This study investigated the relationship between self - reported cannabis use at age 18 y and the risk of being diagnosed with schizophrenia in the Swedish psychiatric case register during the next 15 y .
Those who had tried cannabis by age 18 y were 2.4 times more likely to receive a diagnosis of schizophrenia than those who had not .
The risk of a diagnosis of schizophrenia was related to cannabis use in a dose - response way to the number of times cannabis had been used by age 18 .
Compared to those who had not used cannabis , the risk of developing schizophrenia was 1.3 times higher for those who had used cannabis one to ten times , three times higher for those who had used cannabis between one and 50 times , and six times higher for those who had used cannabis more than 50 times .
These results remained after statistical adjustment for two variables that were related to the risk of developing schizophrenia ( personal history of psychiatric disorder and parental divorce ) .
A number of longitudinal studies have since been reported that have all supported the findings of the Andreassen et al. study .
Zammit et al. reported a follow up of the Swedish cohort study , reporting on risk over a 27-y follow up that covers most of the risk period for the onset of psychotic disorders in a cohort that was first studied when 18 – 20 y old [ 35 ] .
This study improved on the earlier study in a number of ways .
The psychiatric register provided more complete coverage of all cases diagnosed with schizophrenia ; there was better statistical control of a larger number of potential confounding variables , including other drug use , IQ , known risk factors for schizophrenia , and social integration ; the study distinguished between cases that occurred in the first 5 y of the study period and those that occurred more than 5 y afterwards in order to look at the possible role of a syndrome ; and the study undertook separate analyses in those who only reported using cannabis at the initial assessment .
Zammit et al . [ 35 ] also found cannabis use at baseline predicted an increased risk of schizophrenia during the follow - up period .
There was a dose - response relationship with frequency of use , which persisted after statistical control for confounders , including a history of psychiatric symptoms at baseline .
The same relationships were observed in the subset of the sample who only reported cannabis use at baseline and among cases diagnosed in the first 5 y after assessment and for the subsequent 22 y .
Zammit et al . 's findings were consistent with those of a study conducted by Van Os and colleagues [ 34 ] .
This was a 3 -y longitudinal study of the relationship between self - reported cannabis use and psychosis in a community sample of 4,848 people in the Netherlands .
Participants were assessed at baseline on cannabis and other drug use .
Psychotic symptoms were assessed using a computerised diagnostic interview .
A diagnosis of psychosis was validated in positive cases by a diagnostic telephone interview with a psychiatrist or psychologist .
A consensus clinical judgement was made on the basis of the interview material as to whether individuals had a psychotic disorder for which they were in need of psychiatric care .
Van
Os et al. replicated and extended the findings of the Swedish cohort in a number of important ways .
First , cannabis use at baseline predicted an increased risk of psychotic symptoms during the follow - up period in individuals who had not reported psychiatric symptoms at baseline .
Second , there was a dose - response relationship between frequency of cannabis use at baseline and risk of psychotic symptoms during the follow - up period .
Third , the relationship between cannabis use and psychotic symptoms persisted when they statistically controlled for the effects of other drug use .
Fourth , the relationship between cannabis use and psychotic symptoms was stronger for cases with more severe psychotic symptoms that were adjudged to need psychiatric care .
Fifth , those who reported any psychotic symptoms at baseline were more likely to develop schizophrenia if they used cannabis than were individuals who were not so vulnerable .
A study by Henquet et al . [ 33 ] replicated the Swedish and Dutch studies in a 4 - y follow up of a cohort of 2,437 adolescents and young adults between 1995 and 1999 in Munich .
Their participants were assessed at baseline on cannabis use and psychotic symptoms using a questionnaire .
Psychotic symptoms were assessed in early adulthood using the Composite International Diagnostic Interview .
They found a dose - response relationship between self - reported cannabis use at baseline and the likelihood of reporting psychotic symptoms .
As in the Dutch cohort , young people who reported psychotic symptoms at baseline were much more likely to experience psychotic symptoms at follow up if they used cannabis than were peers who did not have such a history .
Arseneault et al. reported a prospective study of the relationship between adolescent cannabis use and psychosis in young adults in a New Zealand birth cohort ( n = 759 ) .
Participants were assessed intensively on risk factors for psychotic symptoms and disorders since birth [ 32 ] , and psychotic disorders were conservatively assessed according to DSM - IV diagnostic criteria , with corroborative reports from family members or friends on social adjustment .
They assessed psychotic symptoms at age 11 y before onset of cannabis use and distinguished between early and late onset of cannabis use .
They also examined the specificity of the association between cannabis use and psychosis by conducting analyses of the effects of : ( 1 ) other drug use on psychotic symptoms and disorders ; and ( 2 ) cannabis use on depressive disorders .
Arseneault et al. found a relationship between cannabis use by age 15 y and an increased risk of schizophreniform disorder by age 26 y.
Controlling for other drug use did not affect the relationship .
The relationship was no longer statistically significant after adjustment for reporting psychotic symptoms at age 11 y , which probably reflected the small number of psychotic disorders observed in the sample .
The small number of cases also limited the ability of the study to examine predictors of psychotic disorders at age 26 y .
The measurement of cannabis and other drug use was crude ( viz , none , 1 – 2 times , and 3 or more times ) , although this was more likely to work against finding relationships .
There was also specificity in the effects of cannabis on schizophreniform disorder : there was no relationship between other drug use and psychotic disorders , and no relationship between cannabis use and depression .
There was also an interaction between psychosis risk and age of onset of cannabis use , with earlier onset being more strongly related to psychosis .
There was also the suggestion of an interaction between cannabis use and vulnerability , with a higher risk of psychosis among cannabis users who reported psychotic symptoms at age 11 y .
Caspi and colleagues subsequently used the cohort to examine an interaction between cannabis use and a functional polymorphism of the COMT gene that codes for dopamine in their effects on the risk of psychosis [ 44 ] .
They found that the 25 % of the cohort who were homozygous for the polymorphism and used cannabis were 10.9 times more likely to have developed a schizophreniform disorder than peers with the same polymorphism who did not use cannabis .
In the absence of this polymorphism , young adults who used cannabis were not at any increased risk of psychosis .
Apart from clinical diagnoses , several longitudinal studies have also examined the relationship between cannabis use and subclinical ( or isolated ) psychotic symptoms .
Fergusson , Horwood , and Swain - Campbell have reported a longitudinal study of the relationship between cannabis dependence at age 18 y and the number of psychotic symptoms reported at age 21 y in the Christchurch birth cohort in New Zealand [ 45 ] .
They assessed cannabis dependence using DSM - IV criteria and psychotic symptoms were assessed by ten items from the SCL - 90 .
Because this was a birth cohort that had been assessed throughout childhood and adolescence Fergusson et al .
were able to adjust for a large number of potential confounding variables , including self - reported psychotic symptoms at the previous assessment , other drug use , and other psychiatric disorders .
They found that cannabis dependence at age 18 y predicted an increased risk of psychotic symptoms at age 21 y ( relative risk [ RR ] of 2.3 ) .
This association was smaller but still significant after adjustment for potential confounders ( RR of 1.8 ) .
More recently , Fergusson and colleagues examined the association between cannabis and psychotic symptoms until age 25 y with the same cohort of young adults , using a more sophisticated structural equations modelling design that accounted for both observed and nonobserved confounding factors [ 31 ] .
As with their earlier study , they concluded that the association between cannabis and psychosis did not appear to be explained by confounding factors , and that the direction of the association appeared to be from cannabis use to symptoms of psychosis rather than vice versa .
One study of high risk young people has failed to report an association between cannabis use and psychosis risk .
This study identified 100 young people at “ ultra high ” risk for psychosis [ 46 ] because of family history or prodromal symptoms of psychosis ( on the basis of one or more of the following : schizophrenia in a first degree relative ; the presence of attenuated psychotic symptoms ; or a brief limited psychosis ) in whom 18 % reported symptoms of cannabis dependence in the past year .
They assessed whether cannabis users were more likely to develop psychosis in the following year , but did not find any association , regardless of the frequency of cannabis use .
Increasingly , researchers in the field of psychosis are examining the concept of psychotic spectrum features as risk factors for psychosis [ 47 ] .
Recent work has found that these symptoms are common in the general population distribution and can persist over a 20-y period .
Two major trajectories have been identified : persistent “ schizophrenic nuclear symptoms ” ( which resemble psychosis ) and persistent “ schizotypal symptoms ” ( more closely resembling schizotypal personality disorder ) [ 47 ] .
Cannabis use during adolescence has been found to be associated with “ high load ” schizophrenia nuclear symptoms during adulthood — but not so for the schizotypal symptom cluster .
More frequent cannabis use was more strongly associated with persistent high load symptoms for the entire follow - up period .
These findings suggest that there may be different aetiological dimensions for these two symptom dimensions , with an interaction between biological vulnerability and unique psychosocial risk factors for each symptom cluster ; limitations of the study included the small number of cases , the use of open ended interviews , and the use of multiple analyses .
On October 6 , 1970 while boarding an international flight out of Istanbul Airport , American Billy Hayes ( Brad Davis ) is caught attempting to smuggle two kilos of hashish out of the country , the drugs strapped to his body .
He is told that he will be released if he cooperates with the authorities in identifying the person who sold him the hashish .
Billy 's troubles really begin when after that assistance , he makes a run for it and is recaptured .
He is initially sentenced to just over four years for possession , with no time for the more harsh crime of smuggling .
The prison environment is inhospitable in every sense , with a sadistic prison guard named Hamidou ( Paul L. Smith ) ruling the prison , he who relishes the mental and physical torture he inflicts on the prisoners for whatever reason .
Told to trust no one , Billy does befriend a few of the other inmates , namely fellow American Jimmy Booth ( Randy Quaid ) ( in for stealing two candlesticks from a mosque ) , a Swede named Erich ( Norbert ...
Written by Huggo
For the first in a new series of community - driven Q&As , TED and Reddit joined forces to ask creativity expert Sir Ken Robinson any question .
TED fans converged on this article on Reddit to post their questions , and to vote on questions posed by others .
Today , we asked Sir Ken the 10 questions with the most votes .
Here are his answers :
submitted by kn0thing
What specific actions do you recommend taking to overhaul , say , public education to maximize how we identify and nurture creativity ?
And what place do you think things like critical thinking and logic ( also noticeably absent ) have in basic education ?
Sir Ken :
The basis of my argument is : creativity is n’t a specific activity ; it ’s a quality of things we do .
You can be creative in anything — in math , science , engineering , philosophy — as much as you can in music or in painting or in dance .
And you can certainly be involved in the arts in ways that are especially creative .
And so it ’s important to emphasize that it ’s not about creating some small space in schools where people can be creative , and particularly not if that means just tacking on some art programs on a Friday afternoon .
It ’s about the way we do things .
And that really has a couple of implications .
One of them is , if you want to encourage creativity in education , there are a couple of ways to think about it .
One is that there are skills of creative thinking that can be taught .
I think of this as general creativity .
You can help them think productively , generate ideas effectively , help them to think of alternative approaches to issues and questions .
So there are very specific skills that can be taught , and in a metaphorical sense , it ’s kind of like a grammar of creativity .
It ’s a series of processes , not an event .
And helping people understand how that works is an important part of being creative .
You would n’t expect people to become literate just by hoping it ’d happen .
There was a time when people argued seriously that it was difficult to teach working class people to read and write — that they did n’t have the capacity for it .
This was before the beginning of public education .
But now we know that most people — we take it as axiomatic and ethically important that most people can be taught to read or write .
But they have to be taught .
They have to be given tools and techniques for it .
And I think it ’s true in many areas of creative thinking that people can be helped by learning techniques and processes .
So there ’s a sense in which you talk about creativity in a general way .
But I also think of it as a personal process , too .
That ’s what this new book I ’ve written , The Element , is all about .
It ’s about people finding their particular , individual creative strengths , because we all have very different strengths and capacities .
There are different types of intellectual strengths .
Some people are very visual .
Some are very verbal .
Some people are good physically .
Some people are good at mathematics , kind of naturally .
So that ’s the first thing : Creativity can be facilitated in any sort of activity .
Secondly that we can think about personal and general forms of creativity .
When it comes to education , it has implications in three big areas .
One of them is the curriculum .
A lot of what I argue for in schools is we need to re-think the school curriculum .
It has major implications for what it is people are meant to learn and understand , which is what the curriculum is .
The second big piece of education is teaching , or pedagogy .
There ’s a question later on about this , so I ’ll come to it there .
And thirdly , there ’s assessment — what we reward and the form the reward takes when we come to judge the work .
I did a big report for the British government called All Our Futures : Creativity , Culture and Education .
It ’s available online .
The British government put together a national strategy to promote creativity in education .
I also published a book a few years ago , Out of Our Minds : Learning to be Creative .
The idea is you have to make the idea of creativity clear and operational .
Like we have done with literacy .
And when you ’ve done that , then the practical tasks become clearer .
submitted by guru
As a kid , I spent all of my free time at a computer , soaking up as much as I could about how it worked on every level .
All that exploration really made my career possible .
But I did n’t have great grades in school , because I had a hard time developing a curiosity about much beyond the computer .
My dad always said , “ You need to be more well - rounded , ” and he encouraged me to take on a sport or a musical instrument .
But like many of the subjects in school , those things never really stuck for me when I was growing up .
As an adult , my interests have expanded far beyond the computer screen .
In college I minored in photography , and at first it was a technical interest in the gear and the magic of the darkroom , but that quickly gave way a deeper interest in visual aesthetics , design , and the whole world of art and art history .
I ’ve found over time that similar links exist between all of my interests , and learning a new subject is only a matter of finding the right bridge from my current interests .
I imagine this is how most people learn .
So why do we make these distinctions between “ math ” , “ biology ” , “ history ” , and “ art ” , when they are all linked , and when the interconnections so often make them meaningful ?
Is it OK if children are not “ well - rounded , ” as long as they are following their curiosities , or does a lack of “ well - roundedness ” mean we are not exposing them to enough bridges to new interests ?
Sir Ken : I think he ’s completely right about this .
One of the points I make in the TEDTalk , and that I make generally , is that the human mind is essentially created .
We live in worlds that we have forged and composed .
It ’s much more true than any of the species that you see .
I mean , it seems to me that one of the most distinctive features of human intelligence is the capacity to imagine , to project out of our own immediate circumstances and to bring to mind things that are n’t present here and now .
You know , to conceive of the past , to anticipate the future , and not just a future but multiple possible futures and many different sorts of pasts .
So this capacity for imagination , to me , is absolutely at the heart of this whole argument .
Creativity to me is a step on .
Creativity is putting your imagination to work and it ’s produced the most extraordinary results in human culture .
I mean , it is really the foundation of human culture , I believe .
And it ’s generated multiple ways of looking at the world , multiple ways of seeing it , multiple ways of thinking about it .
What happened over the course of the development of our public institutions is that these different ways of thinking tend to become formalized into subjects .
Schools and universities are built upon different forms of knowledge , and the way we most commonly think about them is as subjects .
And I think subjects is a poor idea , really , for the kind of work I ’m interested to promote , because it suggests that the world is definable into entirely different sorts of content or subject matter .
And this really matters to me , because what happens then is that people are employed at institutions to teach these things , and to teach their own sort of specialism , so that math becomes separate from languages .
It becomes separated from science , and you know it ’s a different subject because it ’s on a Thursday and it ’s taught by different people .
It ’s less true in elementary school , and especially true in high schools .
But what we also know about knowledge is that its constantly evolving and morphing and mutating , and the history of ideas , the history of leading edge thinking is of the constant reconfiguration of disciplines and of concepts .
So now , we live in an age where there are multiple variations of different disciplines — the merging of physics and chemistry and of engineering and genetics .
And the problem is that schools and institutions are often slow to keep up with these changes .
They often run far ahead of institutions ’ capability to respond to them .
So , I think , firstly , I think this question pokes at an informed truth .
I think it ’s seeing connections rather than differences which is the heart , I believe , of human progress .
And we spend a lot of time , in the West particularly I think , insisting on ways of thinking that are based on seeing differences rather than seeing relationships .
You know , formal logic is a bit like that .
It ’s seeing clear distinctions .
Well , distinctions are important , but relationships are equally important .
You see it especially in areas like medicine , where you have people specializing in one organ or another organ without looking at the whole organism .
So , schools , I think , tend to compound that .
I want , really , to get away from the idea of subjects and I think disciplines is a much better idea .
A discipline suggests something which is a kind of an amalgam , a mixture of concepts , of practical skills , of techniques , of ideas , of data .
I mean , mathematics is n’t really a subject .
It ’s a whole series of different sorts of disciplines .
And I think that ’s true of music .
Music is n’t really a subject , but practicing music involves extraordinary levels — different levels — of ideas , of practical skills , of sensibility .
So , I think part of the problem that we make these distinctions is historical and I think our guy here , guru , is right , that the way that I might think about education is from a much dynamic and fluid set of relationships between different forms of knowledge , different ways of thinking .
But I also think the second part is true as well .
That is , I agree with the second point which is that one of the results of this overspecialization is that people do lose a sense of balance .
We spend too much time , very often , focused on our particular area and lose sight of the larger picture .
So when he says “ Is it OK if children are not well - rounded as long as they follow their curiosities ? ” I do n’t think so , really .
I mean , I think it ’s important for us all to find our particular passions and our strengths , but I think it ’s equally important that we can at least pull back and look into other fields and other disciplines to see connections .
submitted by kunjaan
What do you think is the correct way to grade / rank / assess an individual ’s academic performance ?
And what do you think should & should not be included in standardized entrance exams like SAT ?
Sir Ken :
Just two quick thought about this — one is to ask why we have these systems of assessment in the first place .
I ’m not against standardized testing in itself .
Some things we can clearly submit to a standardized test .
There are some things which we agree are true or not true .
There are some skills we ’ve either got or we have n’t got , some things we know or we do n’t know , you know , in terms of propositional ideas , and we can test them .
If I want to understand if somebody has n’t got a proper grasp of French grammar and French vocabulary , then I do n’t have any objection to figuring out a test which helps me to make a judgment about that .
And it ’s true in areas of the arts .
In music , there are lots of standardized tests which grade competencies in dexterity with the instrument and knowledge of music instrumentation and ideas and skills .
It ’s not that I am against standardized testing .
What I ’ve personally got a rant about is the extent to which standardized testing , firstly , has become a massive commercial industry which is detached , in most cases , from the real purpose of education .
And secondly , the extent to which we ’ve come to associate standardizing with raising standards .
Now , everybody agrees we should raise standards in schools .
Of course you should .
But , the primary instrument that ’s being used is standardized testing .
And the problem with it is that it fails to do the one thing we know works if we want to improve standards in schools , which is to address personal development .
The larger argument about this is that when I say public education arose in response to industrialism , it also developed in the image of industrialism .
If you look at public education systems in their general shape , they are manufacturing processes .
And a lot of it happens — we separate people by age , it ’s a very linear process , very focused on certain types of outcome .
And standardized testing is , in a way , the grand example of the industrial method of education .
It ’s not there to identify what individuals can do .
It ’s there to look at things to which they conform .
You ’ve almost got to get the balance right here , but we ’ve had now years and years and billions of dollars worth of investment in the expansion of standardized testing , in American schools for example ( but this is n’t just America , it ’s around the world ) , and for the most part they ’ve not been successful in doing what they ’re expected to , which is to raise standards .
If anything , they seem to have contributed to a lowering of morale in schools .
They seem to have contributed to an erosion of commitment .
In America , for example , there ’s something like a minimum of 30 percent dropout rates from high schools — it ’s much higher among certain ethnic communities .
Kids are being turned off from school , in part because of the whole culture , not just the tests themselves , but the educational culture they promote .
So , my argument is that instead of standardizing everything in schools we should be going in the opposite direction .
I do n’t think there ’s a kid in America , or anywhere in the world , who gets out of bed in the morning wondering what they can do to raise their state ’s reading standards .
They get out of bed , if they ’re motivated , by their own interests and their own development .
So I think we should be doing the opposite .
I think we should be personalizing everything in schools .
We should be looking at ways of making education relevant to each individual child .
And there ’s no other way of improving standards .
Actually , there ’s no other way of doing it on the grand scale .
Now the problem with standardized tests is that it ’s based on the mistake that we can simply scale up the education of children like you would scale up making carburetors .
And we can’t , because human beings are very different from motorcars , and they have feelings about what they do and motivations in doing it , or not .
And , all the schools I know that are great have something in common — they all have great teachers and they have a commitment to the personal development of each of the pupils in the school .
And that ’s easily lost in a culture of standardizing .
So , I ’m not against standardized testing , in their place .
I think they can have useful diagnostic roles .
I do n’t think they should be the dominant culture of our school system .
And , I think it ’s incumbent on individual schools and teachers to make sure that they ’re not .
And the second bit of this is what do I think should be included or not .
I just want to say a quick thing about this , which is that if you think about it , an assessment has two parts to it , one of which is a description and one of which is a comparison .
For example , if you said of somebody that they had run a mile in four minutes , that ’s not an assessment .
That ’s simply a statement of something they can do .
But , if you said that they were the fastest athlete in Wisconsin , or the best miler in Wisconsin , that ’s an assessment because what you ’re then doing is comparing what they can do to what other people can do .
There ’s some implied external standard .
So , an assessment is always two things .
It has a description implied and a comparison .
I think the problem with most standardized tests or graded tests or lettered sort of assessments is that they ’re often very heavy on comparison and very light on description .
So you get kids coming out of programs with an A - or a B or something , but it ’s not clear to anybody else what that really means .
What does that mean they can do ?
And it ’s really what people can do , and what they ’re interested in , and what they ’re capable of that is of most importance in education .
As a good counter - case actually , my daughter just now is at community college here in Los Angeles .
It ’s a fantastic college .
It ’s Santa Monica College .
It ’s much better , I think , than most of the other institutions that are catering to the same age groups .
But , she ’s been doing a course these last couple of semesters in dressmaking and design .
And it ’s a really interesting thing , you know , in our culture , doing practical things is disparaged in education .
It ’s all about getting into a university and doing theoretical things .
But the world turns on people being able to do things , not just think about doing things .
And practical skills , like music and design , are intensely demanding .
So one thing she has to do is to make a dress .
Well , it sounds easy , but try doing it .
It ’s extremely taxing to do it .
But what was interesting was that the assessment that came back was very detailed .
It referred to very specific things that she was doing about seams and cloth and pockets and buttonholes and the lay of the nap in the cloth .
It was broken down into probably 30 very specific comments on the details of what she ’d done .
And it was a really helpful process of assessment .
But if she ’s had the thing and then just got a B for it , you ’d think , “ Well now , what do I do with that information ? ”
So , if assessment is textured and finely - grained , and is supportive and diagnostic , I ’m all for it .
If it ’s coarse and simplistic and judgmental and uninformative , then it seems to me always to be negative and have the wrong sort of effects in education .
READ MORE : TED and Reddit ’s Q&A with Sir Ken Robinson continues after the jump … ( Continued )
submitted by MimiK
Sir Ken , you mentioned back in your TED Talk that university educated students are going home to play video games ; that this is what young people feel engaged with .
Indeed , whilst we ’re all familar with the idiom that ‘ children learn best when playing ’ , you have been known to state , however , that active play is what is important .
In the case of your own son , I have read that you wanted to ensure he was playing outside and reading books before he got his PlayStation .
Whilst balance is of course important , there are also many proponents for the pedagogical value of video games , who believe that games are a potentially powerful medium .
Indeed , beyond just ‘ edutainment games ’ ( of which there are some good , but also many , many bad examples ) , playing video games intended for fun and entertainment has been shown to improve skills in a number of areas , including strategic thinking , communication , group decision making , application of numbers , information processing and inductive discovery .
The list goes on and on .
Games can even provide structures for moral and ethical decision making .
Therefore , some would advocate that video games are in fact best preparing kids for 21st century life .
What ’s your opinion on this , and of the place of video games in education ?
Sir Ken : I meant that really in a more slighting way than he took it .
What I mean is that they go home , not because that ’s what they could engage with , but because they can’t find anything else to do .
You know , an awful lot of kids with degrees these days are heading home because they can’t earn a living and can’t find a job .
And this is really important to me because for years we worked on the premise that getting a college degree is the ultimate objective of going to school .
And the premise is , if you got a college degree , you had a job for life .
Well , we know that ’s simply not true anymore .
And that was my point in the TEDTalk , you know , that when the basic currency of education has defaulted it means that we really have to think again about what we ’re doing all this for .
There ’s a piece in one of the — New York Times or Washington Post recently , but it was about the problems that successful PhD students have in finding work .
Well , that ’s meant to be the ultimate accolade of an academic career , to get a PhD , but you still ca n’t get a job .
That , to me , is probably the biggest fault line that we need to think about in education .
That ’s really just a clarification of what I was saying there .
I think the main about here is that I really do think that we have not yet properly begun to exploit the real benefits and potential of information technology in education .
My big interest is in how you personalize education and how you customize it , rather than how you standardize it and make it irrelevant to local needs .
And one of the ways we do it , I ’m sure , is by making much more imaginative and creative use of information technology .
And there ’s no doubt that kids are drawn to computer games because they excite their imaginations , they excite their attention and they demand rapid - fire responses .
And I ’ve seen some great examples of how these things can be applied in education .
Mark Parentis * has written well about this — he ’s the one who ’s written about digital nations and digital immigrants .
He ’s written a book , a while ago , I think it ’s called , “ Do n’t Bother Me Mum , I ’m Learning . ”
I think that ’s the title .
But , it ’s about kids using videogames to learn .
So , I think we ’re only on the cusp of all this just now .
There ’s a great program called MIND which is Music in Neural Development I think that ’s what it stands for , based at UC - Irvine .
And they done really exacting work in using computer games to promote mathematical development .
I ’ll send you the link to that .
So , I really do think there ’s a currently unmapped potential here , so far , in most schools , for how we can make better use of these technologies to engage kids and really excite their interest and their attention .
The one down side to it though , I think , is that I think there ’s a real risk that ’s kind of implicit in that previous question from Gurub * about trying to get them away from the computer screen .
There are just at the moment uncharted concerns about the effects that we do n’t really know or understand of kids being exposed to screens for so many hours every day from such a young age .
We just do n’t know if that ’s having a good , or a bad , or a neutral effect on their development , I mean , on their neural development , on their cognitive development .
There are certainly some anxieties about that , that we do n’t understand what the cumulative effects of exposure to that sort of light is , what the exposure to that sort of energy is over the long - term .
And I share that .
I think we need to know more about that before we too wholeheartedly into having kids spending more and more time in front of screens or depending on these technologies .
I ’m not against them .
I just think there are some risks that we do n’t understand yet .
But I also think that in any situation education should not only be IT - based .
Clearly not .
There are things that you can only really learn by being in the room with people .
There are things you can only really learn by getting up and doing them .
Not simulating them , but by being outdoors and doing it .
By being in your body .
By exercising your feelings and recognizing you are not just intellectual and chemalogical * animals .
We are sentient , feeling beings who need social contact .
And one of the great losses , I think , out of public education just now is the loss of arts programs , loss of sports programs and the loss of programs that get kids out of the room and on their feet .
So , I would never want to see a form of education which was wholly preoccupied with IT .
But , I do think that the element of IT that we use now should be really hugely enriched , that it has massive potential in the future for personalizing education and , in a way , also globalizing it .
submitted by erindowney
There are so many individual teachers and librarians out there who GET IT , who want to help their students stop “ playing school ” and start having authentic learning experiences .
How do they build critical mass to change our bureaucratic , cookie - cutter approach to educating children ?
Sir Ken :
The first thing is right .
There are lots of teachers and librarians who get it .
There ’s no doubt about it .
I mean , I ’ve been hopping around the planet for about 30 years , literally working with groups all around the world , working with teachers groups , school principals , business leaders , cultural organizations in Asia , Europe and in America .
I know that it ’s true .
Lots of people get this .
That ’s one of the reasons my TEDTalk has been so widely seen .
I do n’t get many letters from people saying , “ I ’ve seen this TEDTalk .
This is just ridiculous . ”
They say this is actually true .
And it is true .
I ’m not making it up .
I know .
I work as much with teachers and principals as I do with those groups .
On the whole , people in education get this as much as anyone else .
And they do n’t like it .
They know there ’s a big problem in the system , and they want to change it .
The real place to focus , initially , is on the work you do yourself .
I ’m always keen to say this : Education does n’t happen in the committee rooms of Washington , or London , or Paris or Berlin .
It does n’t happen in government buildings .
It happens in the minds of students and learners .
It happens in the classroom .
If you ’ve got a child , education then is not what ’s happening in the Beltway ; it ’s what ’s happening in their head and body , today , in their classroom , or wherever they ’re being held to learn .
So what I would say to teachers is : Change your own practice , today .
The education your children are getting is a result of what you ’re doing with them .
And sometimes schools , I think , pose unnecessary limitations on themselves based on assumptions which are n’t true about national requirements .
No Child Left Behind , for example , does not say you should drop arts programs .
But many schools have done that .
Other schools are keeping them going ; they ’ve integrated the curriculum .
There ’s a great program in the Midwest called A+ Schools , which works with schools all across that region to enhance the curriculum to include creative approaches to teaching and learning .
A big part of my message to people is :
Do n’t wait for the government to change things ; get on and do it yourself .
But also , if you ’re in a position to do it , you should try and influence policy .
There ’s an opportunity to do that in many countries .
It depends on your position .
submitted by phynbarr
How do I get involved to make this change happen ?
Sir Ken :
It ’s a difficult question to answer because I do n’t know who phynbarr is .
Is he a teacher ?
Is he a parent ?
Or is he neither ?
Is he working in education administration , or not ?
But aside from that , I think there are things we can all do , wherever we are , and whatever position we have , to influence opinion .
For one , you can influence opinion by deciding who you ’re going to vote for .
Education systems are tremendously complex and convoluted .
There are a million points of access to them .
It depends on what you ’re best suited to .
And I try to ask this question to myself , every day .
“ What can I do ? ”
My role is to work on the ground with practitioners .
But also , at the same time , to work in the realm of public policy .
When I worked on the All Our Futures report in the UK , a lot of our recommendations for education and creativity there , of about 90 total , were n’t addressed to the government at all .
They were addressed to parents , to teachers , to artists , to scientists , to business leaders .
People often assume you have to get the government to do something else in order to make change , and I think that ’s not a good theory .
Now , you do need a theory of change to get things done .
And , certainly getting the government to change their mind is worth spending time on .
But the truth is , governments come and go .
Politicians come and go .
They all have their own agendas , and they have very short attention spans .
And , meanwhile , we ’ve got millions of people in the system who are trying to get educated .
So I think you have to pick your area of strengths , and get to work on it .
We had similar recommendations when I worked on the peace process in Northern Ireland .
Our recommendations were finely tuned .
This is who you are , and so this is what you can do .
These recommendations go to these people .
It ’s about breaking the problem down , and figuring out what your own interests and preoccupations are .
And looking at what you can do in your sphere .
submitted by Glamdering
Distance learning ( web based education ) is currently the new rage in education .
However , the quality of the experience is at best sub par .
As a recent college graduate , I cannot help but feel the three major types of online education ( static html pages , pre-recorded video , power point slides with audio overlays ) are missing the point .
What are your thoughts on the future of distance learning , and have you seen any signs of a breakthrough that will replace the status quo , while delivering interactive , powerful , social and visually simulating learning ?
Sir Ken : I should just say : Distance learning is n’t the new rage in education .
We ’ve had it for years .
In the U.K. , we ’ve had the Open University , which was set up in the ’70s .
I think it ’s now the largest university on Earth .
It ’s a massive institution on a small campus .
The purpose was to offer university - level education to people who were beyond conventional undergraduate aid .
A lot of people in the Open University are in their 30s , 40s , 50s , 60s , right up to their 90s .
It ’s a brilliantly innovative organization , designed to give people a second chance — or a first chance , if they missed it .
It ’s based on distance learning , with some residential programs built in .
But all the programs were initially put on late - night television by the BBC .
So , distance learning itself is not a new thing .
It ’s the web that ’s new .
But I think Glamdering is right .
It ’s not very good .
There ’s been a tendency in universities to try and cash in on the interest in web - based learning .
A lot of them have been dumping programs online : lecture notes , videos of talks , and so on .
They ’re of variable quality .
Some of them are great , and some are n’t .
In a way , TED is a great example of how distance learning can work well .
TED does n’t have a formal curriculum .
But it has new ideas about getting ideas across in a powerful , condensed way , with high - quality visuals , and then syndicating that .
TED has shown us a dramatic appetite for new ideas presented in an interesting way .
Just dumping stuff online is n’t the answer to it .
But there ’s a massive thirst for ideas , for this sort of content , as illustrated by the mushrooming of social networking and user - generated content .
There ’s another interesting commercial organization called Blackboard which is growing very quickly and has been doing work that ’s really worth looking at .
I mean , I do n’t think they would say they ’ve got this whole thing sorted at all , but they ’ve started to think differently about the best way to use web - based materials and distance learning both in institutions and outside of them .
Microsoft and Apple both have interesting educational programs .
They both work with schools .
They have educational leadership programs .
They , I think , are looking hard at how the technology that they are developing and selling can really be used for distance education .
And I think the work that both are doing is really worth looking at , althought they ’re approaching it in different ways .
As with what I was saying before about video games : I think there ’s a massive potential that we have n’t yet fully tapped into .
Most schools do n’t really have contact with stuff .
People who are at the leading edge of thinking about it are coming in with great ideas and possibilities , but the penetration of this stuff into education is still pretty limited .
But I ’m sure it ’s the way we have to go in the future .
And for a very good reason .
Because we now have the ability to put the best thinking , materials , pedagogy , resources in front of everybody .
This should be seen by schools as a massive opportunity to — not to replace what they do , not to replace their own teachers and curriculum , but to enrich and enhance it .
And the really good schools know that that ’s the way to go .
And there are some great schools that are doing it .
High Tech High is an interesting one in the U.S .
submitted by waslike
What is your opinion of the Summerhill School ?
Sir Ken : Summerhill is great .
It was founded by a visionary educator called A.S. Neill in the U.K. in the early part of the 20th century .
And it ’s still going .
It ’s now run by his granddaughter .
It ’s a very unusual school by most standards .
It ’s relatively small compared to most public schools .
It ’s a school where the divisions between teachers and students have been blurred .
There ’s no regular , compulsory daily curriculum for the kids .
The student go to things that they want to go to for as long as they want to go to them .
The decisions about the governance of the school are taken jointly , involving the teachers and students .
Disciplinary decisions are taken by meetings of students and teachers .
All issues to do with programming and quality are jointly considered .
The students , effectively , develop their own programs in consult with the teachers .
And if they do n’t want to go for a while , then they do n’t go .
Within that are strict protocols about how decisions are taken and ratified .
It ’s not anarchy .
But it is co-managed , or directed , by the students and the teachers .
It ’s had a huge influence , actually , on generations of teachers and theorists in education in Europe .
It ’s right in the heart of what people consider to be progressive education .
I ’m not too comfortable with the terms “ traditional ” and “ progressive . ”
I know what these terms are getting at .
The difference between schools which are totally organized by teachers and organized by methods and a set curriculum , based on a conventional view of subjects , of assessment , versus those which are more dynamic and more fluid .
Summerhill would be at one end of that spectrum — more fluid , dynamic and self - organizing .
A lot of people who go to see Summerhill are surprised at the apparent freedom that the students and teachers have given themselves .
There ’s a lot to learn from Summerhill .
It ’s one of those schools like Black Mountain in America .
Schools like this come around from time to time .
They set about a new way of thinking .
They give a different sense of what ’s possible if they are given the right conditions .
They ’re based on the principle that students , if they ’re given freedom and responsibility , will rise to it .
It wo n’t dissolve into anarchy .
It will resolve into something much more productive than people think .
The kids have much more moral judgment , much more self - determination , much more responsibility than people would believe , when they ’re given the opportunity to exercise them .
The things I ’m talking about are not , it seems to me , eccentric or new .
It ’s not whimsy and its not a fad .
From the beginning of public education , there have been people looking for alternative ways of doing things , better ways of thinking about organizing our institutions .
More responsible ways of engaging children in their own learning .
Kids are not widgets .
Students are living , breathing people who will only learn if they are engaged properly .
We have a responsibility to the development of all the students in the system .
It ’s important for them , the health of our communities and the strength of our economies .
The problem is to get these ideas into the mainstream .
As soon as governments get to thinking , “ How can we do this for everybody , ” they immediately default to an industrial model .
They think it must be standardized .
What Summerhill and all the great progressive schools have shown us is that the only way you get schools to improve is by personalizing to these children , these parents , this community , this place .
submitted by Milner1980
I ’m a maths teacher , in England , in a forward - thinking school ( the head showed your TED talk to the whole school a couple of years ago at a staff meeting ) and I believe in what you say about creativity passionately .
So what three things should I do in September to foster creativity ?
I ’m talking about definite , in - the - one - hour - lesson things I can do to my classes to change their experience .
Sir Ken :
To me , the heart and soul of education is pedagogy .
There are three components to education , as I was saying earlier .
There is curriculum : what students are supposed to be learning .
There is pedagogy : the actual teaching .
And assessment : the process by which we form judgments about how well they ’re done , where we make comments about student ’s progress .
But the heart of it is pedagogy .
I do n’t know any school , anywhere , that ’s better than the teachers in it .
You can have the most brilliantly conceived curriculum on the planet , the most sophisticated , sensitive and responsive systems of assessment , but if the teaching is bad in the middle of it , you ’re going to have a bad school .
And equally , if you have brilliant teachers , you can get away with very little formal assessment yet still have brilliant results .
When people think back to their own time at school , it ’s always the teachers they remember .
They might not remember what the gymnasium looked like , but they ’ll remember what the gym teacher looked like .
They might not remember the lab , but will certainly remember the physics teacher .
It ’s the people who inspired them or turned them off that will always come to mind .
This is an important question .
But I do n’t know the teacher , so I do n’t know what he or she does .
But there are some characteristics of good teaching which are concerned with promoting creativity .
One of them is to engage children ’s curiosity to get their imaginations fired up .
I was saying earlier that the fundamental capacity is imagination .
Well , what I mean by that is you ca n’t be creative if your imagination is not engaged .
Otherwise , it ’d be like someone saying , “ I want to be a world - class athlete , but I ca n’t be bothered with exercising . ”
It wo n’t work .
If you want to promote creativity , you need , firstly , to stimulate kids minds with puzzles and questions which will intrigue them .
Often that ’s best done by giving them problems , rather than just solutions .
What often happens in classrooms is , kids sit there trying to learn in a drone - like way things of not much interest that have already been figured out .
The best math teachers I know , like the best English teachers , are always giving kids puzzles .
They ’re given things to work on where math skills are required but may not be the focus of the activity .
There giving them problems to solve .
Or they ’re made to engage with age - old mathematical problems .
For example , I ’m thinking about the problem of latitude .
How do you go about measuring the planet ?
I mean , somebody had to do that .
How do you do it ?
Professional mathematicians have such a cornucopia of fascinating puzzles , questions , proposals and conundrums .
A great math teacher really has endless opportunities to stimulate kids minds and get them engaged with things they ’d probably never thought about before .
Rather than just giving them techniques .
It ’s like what ’s too often done with music lessons ; kids spend too much time learning scales rather than doing anything interesting .
But if you get them right away learning the joy of making music , they ’ll want to learn how to do it properly after that .
I talked about , in the All Our Futures report , two things , one of which was “ teaching creatively ” : teachers finding interesting ways into material .
Presenting unusual points of entry or interesting angles or perspectives , and enjoying the process of finding them .
So , that ’s important .
Teachers themselves should try to evolve their own creative capacities and enjoy what they do , creatively .
Standardized testing has taken the joy of teaching away from them .
But there ’s also “ teaching for creativity ” : creating conditions in classrooms where kids are encouraged to think creatively and imaginatively .
Giving them stimulating things to work on .
Ideas that will open their mind up .
Information they ’ve never encountered .
Puzzles that will intrigue them .
So you might think of that as stimulating the imagination , setting problems .
The second big part of this is asking open questions as much as we ask closed questions .
Giving people questions they can explore , rather than ones to which they have to find answers that have already been given .
That , to me , is the fundamental piece of all creative processes .
Giving area for exploration .
One thing I did n’t touch on earlier is , the creative process is a bit like a DNA strand .
There are a lot of things weaving through it .
One task being creative is to hypothesize and think of possibilities and look at alternatives ideas — to speculate .
To be imaginative .
But an equally important part for every creative process is to act critically on the ideas you ’re coming up with .
To evaluate them .
That ’s why I define creativity , in the TEDTalk , as the process of having original ideas that have value .
You have to figure out which ideas are good and bad .
Which work and which do n’t .
Which are worthwhile and which ones are not .
Then , of course , it raises the old question of whose criteria you ’re using and whose values you ’re operating , and that ’s a part of the conversation .
Being creative is n’t just about blowing off new ideas .
It ’s about critical judgment , as well .
Because in the end , in mathematics , some questions will be right and some may not be right .
I ’ll give you an example .
I was at a university a while ago .
They have a problem in their school of engineering of creative thinking .
We sent them math puzzles .
One of groups of students , one of the questions was to work out how many gas stations there are in the state of Illinois .
Now , nobody actually knows this because nobody ’s gone to count them .
There are so many companies there .
You ’d literally have to go over the whole of Illinois with a helicopter to find all the gas stations .
So the students have to work out how to work that out .
And they come from all kinds of interesting directions .
Some will say , What do we know about the population of Illinois ?
What do we know about the age profile , therefore how many motorcars there are likely to be .
What is the median wage , so what sort of cars are these people likely to own ?
What ’s the distance between the main towns , so what ’s the average journey ?
You know what I mean ?
With that kind of puzzle , there is n’t an obvious , direct answer .
They ’ve got to figure out some way to get to it .
So that ’s the second part .
Asking open questions .
The third bit to this is group work .
An awful lot of creative work does n’t happen individually .
It happens with people interacting with other people .
The most powerful engines of creative thinking are groups .
And the reason that ’s true is because a great group models the human mind : it ’s diverse , it ’s dynamic , it ’s distinctive .
So , knowing how to form groups , how to get groups to work , how long to leave them doing it is a core skill of good teachers .
So I think its three things : it ’s stimulating imagination , it ’s telling them problems with open questions , and knowing how to organize groups .
And I think in there are the answers to things we can all start doing tomorrow .
submitted by balunstormhands
My question is how do I find my element ?
I have 42 years on this earth and I have tried doing many things ( trumpet , missionary work , electronics engineer , truck driver , computer programmer , and much more ) but so far I have found nothing that I can say thrilled me like any of the stories found in your great book The Element .
There have been a few things that I ’ve liked but not so much that I went back to after they ended .
We all know you can find your element at any time in life but what more can I do to find out what MY element is ?
I just finished The Element and we are changing the focus of our daughters homeschooling to help her find her element , and her passions .
Sir Ken :
The Element is based on this core idea that when people find the thing that resonates most with them , their lives can get transformed by it .
I ’ve always been struck by how many adults do work that they ’re not very interested in .
They take no great pleasure from it , but they do it because it pays the bills and they ca n’t think of an alternative .
And yet I also meet people who actually love what they do and could n’t imagine doing anything else .
People who are , so to speak , in their element .
They might be teachers , mathematicians , carpenters , designers , parents …
Being in your element is two things :
One is you ’re doing something for which you have a natural aptitude .
You get it .
You ’re Julia Childs , you kind of get cooking .
But it ’s not enough to be good at something .
Many people I know are good at things they do n’t like doing .
You also have to love it .
And if you love the thing you do , then that ’s the point I call the element .
And , as they say , when you find it , you never work again .
People will say to me , “ I ca n’t believe they pay me to do this . ”
My premise is that we all have enormous natural talents .
Some find them and some do n’t .
One of the reasons many people do n’t find them is because of the way we ’re educated .
It ’s not only about aptitude and passion ; it ’s also about attitude and opportunity .
Feeling that you deserved it .
Feeling that you should have it .
That you have talents .
Having confidence about that .
Being willing to work to get it .
A lot of people I worked with had to overcome serious obstacles to get to do what they want to do .
Social obstacles , or their own fear , or circumstances .
I have great sympathy for balunstormhands , who ’s tried many different things .
I encourage him to keep trying new things .
Part of it is to spend time with yourself introspectively , to meditate even , to be inward - looking , and to think of the times and experience you had where you really did feel an affinity with something you were doing .
And the element may be something you did back in your childhood .
It may be something you used to do that you stopped doing .
Writing , reading , model - making , sports .
Maybe you encountered an obstacle .
Or maybe you were discouraged from doing it .
Or reached a different point in your life .
One of the way to find it , by the way , is not by just kind of jotting it down , words on a page — although that ’s often a good way to do it — is to do a storyboard .
Take magazines and cut out pictures of things that interest you .
Compose a visual collage of things that have always drawn your interest .
The second is to look outwardly .
To try things you may not have tried for a long time , or have never tried but wanted to .
Put yourself in the way of things .
If you ’ve never been to a science museum , go to one .
If you ’ve never been to an opera , go to one .
If you ’ve never read certain kinds of books , try them .
If you always drive a certain way to work , try another way .
If there ’s some place you have n’t been yet , go there .
Expose yourself to possibilities .
See what begins to chime with you .
My point about being in the element is some people make a living doing it , and others do n’t .
Some do n’t want to .
But it ’s about finding your own personal element .
And the more people are able to do that , the more enriched their lives become , and the more enriched the lives are of those people who are in contact with them .
It ’s something that we all should do , and something that we all can do .
Status summary : Patches are pending to Haddock and GHC [ update : they have been included , and released in GHC 6.12.1 and Haddock 2.6.0 ] .
Processing the guts of Haddock comments gets moved out of GHC to Haddock , although recognizing “ – | ” etc. are still done by GHC .
In fact , at top - level they ’re only recognized stand - alone by GHC ( data DocDecl : DocCommentNext , DocCommentNamed , etc. ) , and Haddock gets to match them up with their definitions ( Haddock. Interface.Create.collectDocs ) .
Inside function types , data constructors and record - fields , though , they still have to be parsed to a more precise attachment by GHC , which occurs in compiler / parser / Parser.y.pp .
But the interiors of the comments can now be parsed by Haddock , at least .
Technically , that is Lexing , Parsing and Renaming RdrName -> Name .
Not to be confused with Haddock ’s later renaming Name -> DocName that tries to figure out where the documentation links for each rendered thing ( like Int or Monad or concatMap ) should point to .
Renaming RdrName ->
Name instead starts with something like “ concatMap ” or “ SomethingSauce .
Exts.Int16 ” and figures out what the original defining module is , given the context in which the RdrName appears .
For Haddock , this is determined solely by the modules ’s GlobalRdrEnv which contains information like “ there was an ‘ import GHC .
Exts as SomethingSauce .
Exts hiding ( seq ) ’ ” and “ This module defines a function or value called ‘ foomatic ’ ” .
Full renaming needs to be more sophisticated and resolve the right - hand - side ‘x ’ in ‘f x = x ’ correctly , by looking more places than the top - level , but Haddock comments do n’t have any local scope like that .
At least not currently .
General important concepts in Haddock :
There is a data Interface ( Haddock .
Types ) for each module processed .
This is computed by a sequence in Haddock .
Interface , most of which is in Haddock .
Interface .
Create .
This data Interface is used to render the HTML docs for the module ( Haddock .
Backends .
Html .
Which uses an old locally - kept version of an HTML combinator library ) .
( Or instead / additionally to HTML , it can make Hoogle info . )
This would be simple if every module were self - contained , but it is n’t .
Haddock needs to find out about other modules , in order to link to them and re-export things from them .
In order to find out about other modules in the group currently being processed ( typically a package ) , Haddock uses a fold over the group ’s dependency graph and passes the depended - upon modules ’
Interfaces to Haddock .Interface.Create.createInterface .
Note that this has consequences for modules that import each other , although I think it might work acceptably / imperfectly in the presence of .hs - boot files .
Haddock also loads , in sequence , each of this group of modules using GHC ( The GHC - API , - package ghc ) , so GHC can tell us all about them .
Cross - package , the situation is more complicated .
For tedious reasons having to do with space / time efficiency or ease of implementation or nondeterminism or something , we do n’t just save all .hs files and Interfaces and stuff to disk .
GHC saves “ .hi ” files to disk for each module , which tell it about all exported information that ’s relevant to a compiler , and a bit more .
( For example , it does n’t include doc comments or remember whether a data was declared GADT - style .
Probably .
There are some weird things it does remember , like whether a constructor was declared infix . )
These .hi files are how it can possibly compile the modules that you ’re haddocking now .
They also let us look up the declarations and types in those .hi files , incidentally ( with GHC.lookupName ) — though it ’s a conversion effort to turn them into HsDecls ( see Haddock .
Convert , a new module added by my patches ) .
Haddock , likewise , has to record some information about a module in parallel to the .hi file .
Haddock .
Types .
Installed Interface contains this information for each module — it ’s a subset of Interface that mostly contains docs since GHC ’s . hi does n’t save any information about them .
( And we ’re lazy / stingy so we still depend on GHC for type information , despite its imperfections for our purpose . )
When a module is being processed , its Interface is created , and then the Installed Interface subset is saved to disk .
Actually it ’s more complicated , because Haddock , unlike GHC , creates a single .haddock interface - file for each * group * of modules it processes ( see Haddock .
InterfaceFile ) .
Then when you haddock a dependent module , Haddock loads those .haddock files and looks for info in them rather akin to how it would look for information in a locally imported module ’s Interface ( though it ’s always a different though nearby code - path ) .
At least hopefully Haddock loads those . haddock files ; it has to be told where they are on the command - line .
Cabal will helpfully do so for you , as long as the depended - upon packages have got any installed haddock documentation !
Okay …
I think that ’s a general overview for now .
Questions ?
Was I confusing or clear ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Life After People documentary admits steel structured buildings can withstand temperatures of over 2000 degrees Fahrenheit without being compromised
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , September 29 , 2009
The History Channel ’s new documentary Life After People completely contradicts its 9/11 debunking show by pointing out that steel structure buildings can withstand temperatures of well over 2000 degrees Fahrenheit without being compromised , proving that burning jet fuel temperatures of no more than 1100 degrees Fahrenheit could not have weakened the steel in the twin towers , never mind melted it .
In August 2007 , the History Channel aired a documentary called 9/11 Conspiracies : Fact or Fiction , which at the time we labeled the worst 9/11 hit piece to date , “ A completely savage , dishonest and deceptive abomination , replete with dirty tricks , malicious lies and a level of journalistic fraud that goes way beyond simple bias . ”
The debunkers featured on the show , people like James Meigs whose scientific expertise stretches as far as being the editor of Video Review and Entertainment Weekly , were labeled as experts while real experts like Physicist Professor Steven Jones were stripped of any such description .
One such “ expert ” was structural engineer Matthys Levy , whose opinion can hardly be viewed as balanced in light of the fact that he was one of the chief engineers for a study commissioned by WTC leaseholder Silverstein Properties Inc. to support a $ 7 billion insurance claim for the destruction of the World Trade Center complex .
During the show , Levy bizarrely claimed that the fires in WTC Building 7 started before the collapse of either twin tower , in complete contradiction to the FEMA report and an impossibility considering WTC 7 was not hit by a plane .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Levy also attempted to debunk questions surrounding the collapse of the twin towers by claiming , “ The fires burned at a temperature of about 1100 degrees in some cases , that ’s sufficient to cause the steel to lose half its strength , now if it only has half its strength left it does n’t have the ability to support the floors above it anymore . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
However , another History Channel documentary completely contradicted this hypothesis by admitting that steel buildings are not compromised in any way until temperatures reach well over 2000 degrees Fahrenheit .
During the more recent Life After People program , a segment about what would happen to the famous steel - structured U.S. Bank Tower in Los Angeles , a building similar in size to the twin towers , if it became a raging inferno ( something that the twin towers were not ) , the narrator states , “ The U.S. Bank Tower burns from the inside out .
The structural steel frame withstands the searing heat – it can endure temperatures of over 2000 degrees Fahrenheit without degradation . ”
The fires would turn the tower into a “ charred skeleton , ” but would not result in its collapse , which is exactly what should have happened to the twin towers and Building 7 , which in comparison all suffered relatively limited fires which were extinguished quickly .
Apparently , the ability of structural steel to withstand temperatures over 2000 degrees Fahrenheit without degradation is a scientific principle that was n’t applicable for one day in history according to the History Channel and Matthys Levy .
Of course this is not to mention the pools of molten steel that were found after the collapse of the twin towers .
Even debunkers admit that jet fuel temperatures cannot melt steel , which leaves the presence of molten metal one of the thousands of unanswered questions surrounding 9/11 .
Watch the two clips below .
The first example from the 9/11 debunking program is 6 minutes into the clip , the second example from Life After People is 1 minute and 15 seconds into the clip .
This article was posted : Tuesday , September 29 , 2009 at 9:53 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Fireworks are spectacular and the photos you take can be almost as breathtaking as the live display .
People all over enjoy the fantastic blasts and the sparkling light displays of fireworks .
Not only the fireworks display amazing colors and shapes , they make their presence with loud bangs and booms .
With a Little Planning , You Can Have Pictures as Spectacular as the Fireworks .
Capturing these fireworks is another great thing and you can get closer look at the details .
Do you want to know how to photograph fireworks ?
With July 4th just days away , here are some of the spectacular fireworks photographs to sparkle your celebrations .
( photo by Jaako )
( photo by Shaolin Tiger )
( photo by timotale )
( photo by Stuck in Customs )
( photo by taivasalla )
( photo by Stuck in Customs )
( photo by Vilhelm Sjostrom )
( photo by Roveclimb )
( photo by posterboy )
( photo by Victory Rose )
( photo by Vilhelm Sjostrom )
( photo by tarop )
( photo by roitberg )
( photo by Regina Yi )
( photo by type665 )
( photo by beastandbean )
( photo by Joe Penniston )
( photo by Joe Penniston )
( photo by AndreyY )
( photo by indianspirit )
( photo by Michael @ NW Lens )
( photo by Mr MagooICU )
( photo by Joe Penniston )
( photo by good10740 )
( photo by Joe Penniston )
( photo by Tom Bricker [ WDWFigment ] )
( photo by Christopher Chan )
( photo by Stuck in Customs )
( photo by wmliu )
( photo by u m a m i )
( photo by TravISU )
( photo by Tim McDonald )
( photo by Barry Yanowitz )
( photo by maxxxmat )
( photo by mikaos )
More Resources :
Pros And Cons Of Artificial Vs Natural Lighting In Portrait Photography !
Differences and Comparison Between Monopod and Tripod
All you Need to Know about Bird ’s Eye View in Photography
15 SHARES Share Tweet
INTRODUCTION
The concept of trance refers to one ’s depth of awareness .
There are two main components to our awareness : the form , which is dependent on which objects are being attended to by the observer , and the intensity , which is dependent on one ’s degree of concentration on the attended objects .
Working together , these two mental faculties create our overall scope of awareness – our shining spotlight at any given moment into experience and reality .
The form of our awareness can be contracted inwards and expanded outwards .
It can move within the three - dimensional space of our external world – both outside and inside our physical body – and it can also be directed to the internal space in our minds .
The intensity of our awareness can either become stronger or weaker .
This has different implications depending on what sensory modality is being attended to .
For example , a visual object that is strongly attended to will seem more bright and crisp to the observer .
Meanwhile , a well - attended auditory object may become more loud or rich in timbre .
Our trance state is dependent on what is being attended to and to what degree one is concentrated on that physical or mental object .
In other words , every mental state can be seen as its own distinct kind of trance .
It would be hard to define what an “ altered state of awareness ” is when our own everyday awareness is so flexible and prone to change .
One moment we are attending to a small pain in our toe , the next moment we are shedding our awareness into the vastness of the night sky .
Any attention that is held on an object can be described as a light trance , but there are also everyday , natural occurrences of deeper trance states .
When we typically think of these deeper trance states we are reminded of the techniques of meditation , prayer , hypnosis and other disciplined practices of mind that increase one ’s ability to hold attention and fall into deeper states of awareness .
But these states are naturally occurring in the mind under certain conditions .
One example is when we are absorbed in a really great and enjoyable movie .
We are so strongly attended to the events in the movie that time just flies by .
The distortion of time perception is one good indicator of deep trance .
One can become similarly absorbed in an excellent book , piece of music , and other forms of art and entertainment .
In this way , it is reasonable to assume that most human beings have had varying experiences with trance – so what is the need to explore these states further ?
Well , a better way to phrase the question is : what is so important about having good attention skills ?
I think then the answers become much more evident .
Attention is one of the most crucial mental faculties when it comes to learning , problem solving , creativity , and building on new skills and behaviors .
A mind that is well trained in attention , and specifically the kind of attention that elicits deep trance , is a mind that is better at discernment , understanding , and generating rational solutions .
Some studies even suggest that meditation can help treat children born with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) .
Either way , the benefits of practicing voluntary attention , and subsequently deep states of trance , one can begin to cultivate positive effects on almost all areas of personal development .
TECHNIQUES AND TIPS FOR DEEP TRANCE
How can one develop deeper states of awareness and concentration ?
As it has already been mentioned , trance typically refers to a deep sense of awareness and long held voluntary attention , like that of being absorbed in a good movie .
These states of absorption can be produced on any object .
Most beginners of meditation start by attending to the breath .
The breath is a great object of meditation because it is always present and it is usually neutral in its feeling ( neither pleasurable nor painful ) .
Because of this , the breath is a great place to start focusing one ’s awareness and becoming more familiar with the faculties of our attention .
One drawback to the breath is that it is often not as thrilling as a good movie , so how do we hold our attention on it without letting the mind drift off ?
Here are a few short tips and techniques that can be applied to practically any object of meditation :
1. Become fascinated by the object .
The more interested we become in the sensations of this object , the more likely we are to hold our attention .
The more we hold our attention , the more we begin to notice about this object – the more distinctions we can make about it – and the deeper in trance we will go .
It can sometimes be tough to cultivate curiosity towards seemingly mundane objects , like the breath , but rest assured that the more curious we become the more we begin to discover .
Eventually , our fascination will become justified by our own experiences of trance .
Consequently , this can become a self - perpetuating process once you get your foot in the door of discovery .
2 . Be mindful of the relation between subject / object
As you focus your attention on the object , be particularly mindful on how the object affects you ( What thoughts arise ?
What emotions arise ?
What memories arise ? ) .
Also , be mindful of how you effect the object .
For instance , how do your perceptions change the object of meditation : from what it is to the qualities you project onto it .
Do n’t be alarmed if you begin to sense an interdependence between the subject and object .
Focus in on that sensation , let yourself experience it .
FINAL WORDS
Sometimes a subject can fall into trance without directing the mind to such a state , this is typically what happens when we fall in and out of trance throughout the day ( see : highway hypnosis for another popular example ) .
But if one wants to dive deeper into trance then they must become aware of the mental faculties that create trance .
These are attention acuity ( or concentration , previously mentioned as the “ intensity ” of trance ) and directed awareness ( mentioned as the “ form ” of trance , also known as , the object ( s ) which are being attended to ) .
No amount of words or reading is going to make you better at achieving deep trance states .
Like any skill , you need to dedicate the time to practice .
Meditation is , in my opinion , the best way to begin cultivating these states of awareness and direct attention .
Spend time on the cushion , observe the breath , become interested in the breath , be mindful of the breath , and see where you can go from there .
So many things can arise within a meditative session , that it is difficult to educate someone on all the possible occurrences .
Therefore , the best advice one can give is to just sit and then work and learn from there .
This is n’t to diminish the value of reading materials – this article is hardly enough to cover everything you ’re going to need or want to know – but I hope it gives you a good enough sense on a starting point for this journey in personal development .
Please feel free to ask any questions in the comments section and I will be sure to answer all of them .
FURTHER READING ,
I recommend the Sri Lankan Buddhist monk Ven. Henepola Gunaratana ’s book “ Mindfulness In Plain English . ” ( click for full read ) , and the late 19th century psychologist William James ’ chapter on “ Attention ” .
Mérida , August 27th 2009
( Venezuelanalysis.com ) -- U.S. author , dissident intellectual , and Professor of
Linguistics at the Massachussetts Institute of Technology Noam Chomsky met for
the first time with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Caracas and analyzed
hemispheric politics during a nationally televised forum on Monday .
Chomsky is well known in Venezuela
for his critiques of U.S. imperialism and support for the progressive political changes
underway in Venezuela and other Latin American countries in recent years .
President
Chavez regularly references Chomsky in speeches and makes widely publicized recommendations
of Chomsky 's 2003 book , Hegemony or Survival : America 's Quest for Global
Dominance .
" Hegemony or survival ; we opt for survival , " said Chavez
in a press conference to welcome Chomsky .
He compared Chomsky 's thesis to that of German
socialist Rosa Luxemburg in the early 1900s , " Socialism or Barbarism , " and referred
to Chomsky as " one of the greatest defenders of peace , one of the greatest pioneers
of a better world . "
Through an interpreter , Chomsky responded , " I write
about peace and criticize the barriers to peace ; that 's easy .
What 's harder is
to create a better world ... and what 's so exciting about at last visiting Venezuela
is that I can see how a better world is being created . "
During Monday 's forum , which was broadcast on the
state television station VTV , Chomsky pointed out that the ongoing coup in Honduras ,
which began on June 28th , is the third coup the United States has supported in Latin America so far this century , following the coup against Chavez in 2002 and
Haitian President Jean - Bertrand Aristide in 2004 .
The nearly finalized deal to allow the U.S. to
increase its military presence on Colombian bases " is only part of a much
broader effort to restore Washington 's capacity for intervention , " said Chomsky .
According to Chomsky , the region has the capacity to
unite and form a " peace zone " in which foreign militaries are forbidden to operate .
" Venezuela can help to advance this proposal , but it can not do it alone , "
he said .
" The transformations that Venezuela
is making toward the creation of another socio- economic model could have a
global impact if these projects are successfully carried out , " said the
renowned author .
Aporrea.org , a popular Venezuelan news and pro-revolution
analysis website , described Chomsky as oriented toward " libertarian socialism "
and " vehemently anti-Stalinist " in an introduction to a recent interview in
which Chomsky said U.S. President Barack Obama 's foreign policy will be similar
to that of the second administration of former U.S. President George W. Bush .
Chomsky addressed this issue during Monday's
conference as well , commenting that Obama " could have much to offer Latin America if he wanted to ,
but has n't given any signals that he does . "
He cited the U.S.'s
indecisive posture toward the coup in Honduras
as evidence .
Chomsky also addressed the media and freedom of
expression in the U.S. " In the United States the socio - economic system is designed so that
the control over the media is in the hands of a minority who own large
corporations ... and the result is that the financial interests of those groups
are always behind the so - called freedom of expression , " he said .
Chomsky said the growing disappointment with the Obama
administration in the U.S. was predictable because the corporate media marketed Obama's
presidential candidacy on the slogan of " Change We Can Believe In " but omitted
concrete proposals for effective changes , and the Obama administration has
since shown an incapacity to institute such changes .
Chomsky was accompanied in Caracas by the
co-founder of South End Press and ZMagazine and system operator of ZCom , Michael
Albert , and the co-founder and editor of Venezuelanalysis.com , sociologist
Gregory Wilpert .
PLANT CITY , Fla .
-- When Alice Dangerfield turned 100 years old , she decided to take to the sky .
Literally .
After studying photos of her 50 - year - old granddaughter , Cindi Davis , hang gliding for the first time , Dangerfield decided to give it a whirl .
“ Right then I knew I wanted go up , ” said Dangerfield , who was born in July 1909 , lived in South Haven until adulthood and now lives in Plant City , Fla .
“ I ’ve been in a hot - air balloon , and I ’ve always loved to fly . ”
When Davis , along with other family members in Florida , heard about her grandmother ’s request , she scheduled the flight for Aug. 22 .
“ She ’s very active , and she gets around just great , ” said Davis , also from Plant City .
“ But at her age you just do n’t want to wait for anything .
She wanted to go so we took her . ”
Accompanied by several relatives , Dangerfield arrived at Wallaby Ranch Hang Gliding Flight Park in Davenport , Fla. , and , apparently with no trepidation , soared 2,000 feet into the air in tandem with an instructor .
“ They hooked us up to a little plane and flew way up into the air , ” Dangerfield said , “ and then they just cut us loose . ”
After the tow plane released Dangerfield into the sky , she was thrilled with the gliding experience and particularly impressed by the gentle landing .
“ I just loved it .
It was so much fun and so interesting , ” she said .
“ We flew around for at least 10 minutes .
It was real smooth , not jerky at all . ”
Now she ’s featured in an online video titled “ Great Granny Goes Tandem Hang Gliding ( 100 Years Old ) , ” posted by the company that took her to the skies .
The spry centenarian fell in love with flying at age 17 during an open - cockpit excursion over Lake Michigan when a friend treated her to her first flight in a private aircraft .
Although Dangerfield is very close to her sister , Alegra Appleyard , 96 , of South Haven , she did n’t tell her about the hang gliding until afterward .
“ She thought I had lost it , ” Dangerfield said .
“ She wanted to know what in the world made me do it and kept asking , ‘ What next ? ’ ”
Appleyard , however , said she was n’t terribly shocked when she heard about the flight during one of the siblings ’ weekly phone chats .
“ My sister is n’t really a daredevil , but she ’s got a granddaughter that does all kinds of crazy things , ” Appleyard said , chuckling .
“ I ’m not surprised by anything that goes on down there . ”
The “ crazy things ” that Dangerfield ’s granddaughter , Davis , enjoys are kayaking down Florida rivers , canoeing and rock rappelling .
Davis also has gone parasailing and white - water rafting and has her eye on another escapade .
“ I ’ve never been skydiving , ” Davis said , “ but it ’s on my list . ”
Davis ’ interest in extreme adventure is rubbing off on her 100 - year - old grandmother .
“ She asked me to take her canoeing in July so I did , ” Davis said .
“ And now she wants to go kayaking .
I told her that meant that she ’d have to paddle and it ’s much more difficult than canoeing , but she said she can do it .
“ I ’m going to take her after she works on her arm strength for a while , so she ’s been lifting soup cans to build up muscle , ” Davis said .
“ And why not ?
If she can do it , she can do it . ”
Dangerfield ’s daughter Margaret Fraser , 75 , also of Plant City , agrees .
“ At 100 years old , she ’s still healthy so we help her do whatever she wants to do , ” Fraser said .
“ Whatever it is , we try to make it happen for her . ”
Dangerfield said that growing older , although difficult , does not mean that life necessarily turns sedentary .
With only the occasional use of a cane , Dangerfield pulls weeds , feeds birds and prepares some meals .
She works on jigsaw and word - search puzzles daily and makes a variety of handcrafts .
“ It ’s not easy being 100 , but too many old people just sit around , ” she said .
“ I think they should do everything they can do for as long as possible .
“ I ’m going hang gliding again .
In fact , I ’m going to do it really soon , before winter sets in . ”
By Kelle Barr | Special to the Kalamazoo Gazette
So Rush Limbaugh is gleefully patting himself on the back because Ted Kennedy died as he predicted before healthcare legislation will be passed .
Now he is predicting that Kennedy 's death will be used to pass healthcare reform .
Maybe he needs another Vicodin — or ten — to calm down .
He should be ashamed of himself — but bigots never are .
As a " recovering " drug addict himself , Limbaugh should know that illness and death are usually off the partisan agenda when it comes to American standards of decency .
There is a fundamental line you do not cross when someone dies :
You do not in any way try to exploit that death to score a cheap political point .
I know Ted Kennedy was controversial , but using his death as a rallying cry against healthcare reform is a step too far .
But I would expect little else from the bloated failure Limbaugh , who has almost single - handedly created the culture of right wing hatred in America today .
His incendiary remarks on his radio show are intended to fire up the many right wing nut jobs who tune in to him .
They are the kind of lunatics who scream about “ keeping government hands off Medicare , ” failing to realize it ’s a government program to begin with .
Of course , there are left - wing radicals and idiots as well , but none have the platform , or the " medicine " cabinet , that the four - times - married and failed Rush has .
His latest attempt to inflame tensions in the wake of Kennedy 's tragic death is the worst political gambit yet from this obese , ugly king of crapola .
His hatred - filled diatribe against Kennedy only serves to further inflame tensions at a time when we badly need an adult conversation about healthcare .
Principled conservatives like John McCain know that and have adopted a brave bipartisan approach to deal with the many problems we currently have .
Limbaugh instead has taken the world 's greatest cheap shot against a man who cannot answer him anymore , and who embodied the effort to make healthcare affordable for all .
You do n't have to agree with Ted Kennedy or even like him , but to insult the memory of a dead man is lowball tactics of a kind that you 'd think even a sleaze like Limbaugh would n't dare to sink to .
Apparently , we 're wrong about that .
What did Albert Einstein think about God , religion , faith , and science ?
Given his stature in the field of science , it 's hardly surprising that everyone might want to claim him for their own agenda .
Yet , as we look at the equivocal nature of some of his statements , this is n't as easy as one might hope .
Nevertheless , Einstein was n't always equivocal .
He often stated clearly that he rejected the existence of a personal God , of an afterlife , of traditional religion , and his political stance may surprise some .
Einstein Denied Personal Gods and Prayer
It is a subject of much debate : Did Albert Einstein believe in God ?
There is the idea that science and religion have conflicting interests and many religious theists hold the belief that science is atheistic .
Yet , many theists want to believe that Einstein is a smart scientist who knew the same ' truth ' they do .
Throughout his life , Einstein was very consistent and clear about his beliefs regarding personal gods and prayer .
In fact , in a 1954 letter he writes , " I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this . "
Einstein : How Are Popular Gods so Immoral ?
Albert Einstein did n't merely disbelieve or even deny the existence of the sort of god traditionally asserted in monotheistic religions .
He went so far as to deny that such gods could even be moral if religious claims about them were true .
According to Einstein 's own words ,
" If this being is omnipotent , then every occurrence , including every human action , every human thought , and every human feeling and aspiration is also His work ; how is it possible to think of holding men responsible for their deeds and thoughts before such an almighty Being ?
In giving out punishment and rewards
He would to a certain extent be passing judgment on Himself .
How can this be combined with the goodness and righteousness ascribed to Him ? " - Albert Einstein , " Out Of My Later Years "
Was Einstein an Atheist , Freethinker ?
Albert Einstein's fame made him a popular ' authority ' on moral rights and wrongs .
His esteem was fuel for claims by religious theists professing to have converted him from atheism and he often stood up for persecuted colleagues .
Einstein was also forced to frequently defend his beliefs .
Over the years , Einstein claimed to be both a ' freethinker ' as well as an atheist .
Some of the quotes attributed to him even point to the fact that this topic came up more than he may have liked .
Einstein Denied an Afterlife A primary principle in many spiritual , religious , and paranormal beliefs is the notion of an afterlife .
In a number of cases , Einstein denied the validity of the idea that we can survive physical death .
Einstein took this a step further and in his book " The World As I See It , " he writes , " I can not conceive of a God who rewards and punishes his creatures ... "
He had difficulty believing that an afterlife of punishment for misdeeds or rewards for good works can even exist .
Einstein was Very Critical of Religion Albert Einstein used the word ' religion ' frequently in his writings to describe his feelings towards scientific work and the cosmos .
Yet , he really did n't mean what is traditionally thought of as ' religion . '
In fact , Albert Einstein had a lot of sharp criticisms for the beliefs , history , and authorities behind traditional theistic religions .
Einstein did n't just reject belief in traditional gods , he rejected the entire traditional religious structures built around theism and supernatural belief .
" A man who is convinced of the truth of his religion is indeed never tolerant .
At the least , he is to feel pity for the adherent of another religion but usually it does not stop there .
The faithful adherent of a religion will try first of all to convince those that believe in another religion and usually he goes on to hatred if he is not successful .
However , hatred then leads to persecution when the might of the majority is behind it .
In the case of a Christian clergyman , the tragic - comical is found in this ... " - Albert Einstein , Letter to Rabbi Solomon Goldman of Chicago 's Anshe Emet Congregation , quoted in : " Einstein 's God - Albert Einstein 's Quest as a Scientist and as a Jew to Replace a Forsaken God " ( 1997 )
Einstein Didn't Always See the Conflict of Science and Religion
The most common interaction between science and religion seems to be conflict : science finding that religious belief is false and religion insisting that science mind its own business .
Is it necessary for science and religion to conflict in this manner ?
Albert Einstein seems to have felt not , but at the same time , he often recounted just such conflicts occurring .
Part of the problem is that Einstein seems to have thought there existed a ' true ' religion that could n't conflict with science .
" To be sure , the doctrine of a personal God interfering with the natural events could never be refuted , in the real sense , by science , for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot .
But I am persuaded that such behaviour on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal .
For a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark , will of necessity lose its effect on mankind , with incalculable harm to human progress . "
- Albert Einstein , " Science and Religion " ( 1941 )
Einstein : Humans , not Gods , Define Morality
The principle of morality originating from a god is the foundation for many theistic religions .
Many believers even subscribe to the thought that non-believers cannot be moral .
Einstein took a different approach to this matter .
According to Einstein , he believed that morals and ethical behavior are purely natural and human creations .
To him , good morals were tied to culture , society , education , and the " harmony of natural law . "
Einstein's View of Religion , Science , and Mystery ​ Einstein saw the veneration of mystery as the heart of religion .
He often acknowledged that this is the basis for many religious beliefs .
He did also express religious feelings , often in the form of awe in the mystery of the cosmos .
In many of his writings , Einstein professes a respect for the mysterious aspects of nature .
In one interview , Einstein says , " Only in relation to these mysteries do I consider myself to be a religious man .... "
Israeli settlers set fire and destroy 37 Acers of Palestinian owned land in southern W.B Ghassan Bannoura - IMEMC News Monday July 13 , 2009
Israeli settlers set fire and destroyed Palestinian owned lands on Monday that belongs to villagers of Saffa near the southern West Bank city of Hebron .
The damaged 37 Acers had olive trees , grab vines , the farmers said .
They added that the settlers came from the nearby illegal settlement of Biet Ein .
Mohamed Awwad , from the Palestinian Solidarity campaign , told reporters that the Israeli military stopped fire fighter brigades from reaching the lands to stop the fire .
Awwad added that the military allowed the Israeli fire fighter brigades to start stopping the fire when it got close to the settlement which caused great losses for the Palestinian farmers .
Local sources said that the fire is still burning near the settlement after it destroyed 37 Acers of farmers ' lands .
:: Article nr. 55945 sent on 13 - jul-2009 16:43 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=55945
Link : www.imemc.org/article/61101
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
Fellow PT blogger Dr. Stephen Diamond has posted another interesting essay in his series about the existential that fuels the sorts of outbursts like what happened in the Pittsburgh gym recently , where several women were shot and killed by a , angry , frustrated man .
The murderer had written quite extensively about his inability to find a woman who was attracted to him ( or willing to fake it ) and reading his words now , it 's pretty easy to see how his frustration and were converted to rage over time .
The killer , George Sodini , wrote that he had n't had sex since 1990 .
He was confused about his inability to attract a girlfriend .
“ I actually look good .
I dress good , am clean - shaven , bathe , touch of cologne – yet 30 million women rejected me – over an 18 or 25 - year period .
That is how I see it .
Thirty million is my rough guesstimate of how many desirable single women there are .
A man needs a woman for . . .
Thanks for nada , bitches !
Bye . ”
Diamond asks : " Could chronic sexual frustration have caused this catastrophe ? "
Diamond does n't think so , writing , " To conclude so would be a gross oversimplification of this and other violent offenders ' profound existential embitterment , fury and frustration . "
True enough .
To attribute this or any other killing to sexual frustration alone would certainly be an oversimplification .
But we'd be equally mistaken in arguing sexual frustration was n't an important component in the rage .
After all , Sodini , like many of these sick men , targeted only women .
He attacked women because he felt rejected and humiliated by them .
One could argue that war - like societies intentionally cultivate sexual frustration in young men because their resulting aggressiveness makes them better soldiers , much like boxing trainers making fighters swear off women .
Criminologists have long known that unmarried young men commit the bulk of the crimes in the United States .
The best way to end a criminal 's is to get him married -- or at least laid regularly .
The relationship between sexual frustration and violence is evident in chimps , where most of the male / male conflict arises over access to ovulating females .
Among free - loving bonobos on the other hand , there is little , if any , male sexual frustration and thus little , if any , violence .
This is no coincidence .
If our culture 's distorted relationship with human is the source of much of this frustration , confusion , and ignorance , societies with less conflicted views should confirm the causal connection .
Turns out they do .
Developmental neuropsychologist James Prescott found that bodily pleasure and violence have an either / or relationship .
The presence of one inhibits development of the other .
In 1975 , Prescott published a paper in which he argued that , " certain sensory experiences during the formative periods of development will create a neuropsychological predisposition for either violence - seeking or pleasure - seeking behaviors later in life . "
On the level of individual development , this finding seems obvious : adults who abuse children were almost always victims of abuse themselves , and every junkyard owner knows that if you want a mean dog , beat the puppy .
Prescott applied this logic on a cross-cultural level .
He performed a meta- analysis of previously gathered data on physical affection shown to infants ( years of breast - feeding , percentage of time in direct physical contact with mother , being fondled and played with by other adults ) and overall tolerance for adolescent sexual behavior .
After comparing these data with levels of violence within and between societies , Prescott concluded that in all but one of the cultures for which these data were available ( 48 of 49 ) , " deprivation of body pleasure throughout life - but particularly during the formative periods of infancy , childhood , and - is very closely related to the amount of warfare and interpersonal violence . "
Cultures that do n't interfere in the physical between mother and child or prohibit the expression of adolescent sexuality show far lower levels of violence - both between individuals and between societies .
If we accept that our species is and always has been optimized for a highly sexual life and that adolescent boys and young men are especially primed for action , why should we be surprised by the destructive frustration that results when this primal drive is thwarted ?
* Images : www.danstiles.com and http://yourreturn.blogspot.com/2005/12/raising-your-child-naturally-vs.html
Update : Sex advice columnist Dan Savage has a few things to say about the Sodini rampage in his most recent column here :
http://www.avclub.com/articles/august-12-2009,31502/
The statement in the Daily Telegraph online today that “ bicycles have killed more people than international terrorism in the last 10 years ” is probably the dumbest anti- cycling PR ever inflicted on the Mayor of London ’s Summer of Cycling in the Capital .
It has led to an email bombardment of the Telegraph and the professor who made it .
The story concerns the finding of a study presented yesterday to the British Psychological Society ’s Cognitive Psychology annual conference .
The report in the Telegraph was described as “ poppycock ” by one of many angry email respondents .
Others said it conjured up images of bikes rising up and killing their riders .
The controversial line was uttered by Professor Peter Ayton , of City University – who may yet come to regret saying it – after researchers found there had been 214 extra cycling casualties in the six months following the 7/7 London bombings in July 2005 .
When CW spoke to the Professor this afternoon , we asked him if his research had been concerned with travel by motor vehicle and not cycling , could he have substituted “ motor vehicles ” for “ bicycles ” as being responsible for more deaths than terrorism ?
He replied : “ I ’m sure there are many other causes of death which are higher than both ( bicycles and terrorism , Ed ) ” .
For the record , he pointed that there were no additional motoring casualties in that period .
That the 214 cycling casualties were just that , not deaths , which makes the controversial statement he was quoted saying even more nonsensical .
The Telegraph report , by Kate Devlin , medical correspondent , wrongly referred to “ psychiatrists ” in the sub headline , instead of psychologists .
“ Oh dear , they made a bit of a mess of it , ” said the professor .
The research was concerned with human behavior and traveling patterns following the atrocity .
The following is an extract from the British Pscyhological Society press release :
Professor Peter Ayton from City University analysed travellers ’ behavioural reaction to the London terrorist attacks of 7th July 2005 in an attempt to better understand people ’s judgement of risk , notably ‘ dread risk ’ .
Professor Ayton said : “ People dread situations where many people may be harmed or killed at once , and so will avoid these situations .
Instead , we ’ll choose less dreaded but sometimes actually riskier alternatives in which the same or even a greater number of people are likely to be harmed or killed – but over a longer period of time . ”
London bicycle survey data from 1999 to 2008/ 9 was analysed to find out whether following the 7/7 attacks people avoided the underground and instead travelled around the city by bicycle .
The numbers of passenger journeys on the London underground from 1995 to 2006 was also analysed along with data on the number of cycle casualties and fatalities in the capital from 1995 to 2005 .
Analyses of the data showed there was a significant decrease in tube travel and a corresponding increase in cycle travel around London following the 7th July attacks .
When compared to the 10 year period prior to the attacks , the second half of 2005 also had significantly more cyclist casualties than would be expected – there were 214 more cyclist casualties in this period than would be predicted from historical trends .
Professor Ayton added : “ Our analysis suggest that there was a secondary casualty toll from the 2005 London bombings .
The reduced underground travel , higher levels of cycling and increased number of casualties of cyclists on London ’s roads suggests that some people switched from the underground to cycling , and the psychological dread risk effect may be the explanation for this behaviour . ”
` People avoided things in which large numbers of people were killed at one time and switched to what looked like more innocent methods of travel , like bicycling . ”
Chris Peck , Policy Co-ordinator at the CTC , the national cyclists organized , issued the following statement :
“ Research suggesting an increase in cycling injuries following a growth in cycling ( ‘ 7/7 London bombings may have resulted in ‘ second wave ’ of casualties on the roads ’ – 3rd September ) misses two fundamental points .
Firstly , there is a ‘ safety in numbers ’ effect that shows places with higher levels of cycling enjoy lower risks – cycling on London ’s main roads is around 3 times safer now than it was 10 years ago after a doubling in cycling levels .
Secondly , the increasing levels of cycling actually generate a substantial public health benefit , which this report fails to acknowledge .
Overall cyclists live 2 years longer than non-cyclists and are a third less likely to die than those who are not physically active , while cyclists take 10 - 15 % fewer sick days than non-cyclists .
This sort of scare - mongering coverage does more to undermine public health by reinforcing peoples misconceptions about the dangers of cycling – thus forcing them to use a less healthy form of transport . ”
Mr Haggard denies having sex with a gay prostitute
The Reverend Ted Haggard , ex-leader of the 30m - strong National Association of Evangelicals , said he bought methamphetamine but " never used it " .
He denies having sex with the man but said he did receive a massage .
Mr Haggard has also stepped down temporarily from his 14,000 - strong , Colorado - based New Life Church .
The issue is being played out against the backdrop of a vote in Colorado and seven other US states on Tuesday on whether to ban same - sex marriages .
Mr Haggard , 50 , has been a vocal opponent of the unions .
' Pastor Ted '
Mr Haggard told journalists outside his home that he had bought methamphetamine .
" I bought it for myself but never used it .
I was tempted but I never used it , " Mr Haggard said .
He said he threw it away .
It made me angry that here 's someone preaching about gay marriage and going behind the scenes having gay sex
Mike Jones
Denver man Mike Jones , 49 , this week told a radio show he had been paid to have sex with Mr Haggard nearly every month over the past three years .
Mr Haggard said he had not had sex with Mr Jones but did receive a massage after being referred to him by a Denver hotel .
The man who has temporarily replaced Mr Haggard as head of the New Life Church , Ross Parsley , said in an email message on Friday : " It is important for you to know that he confessed to the overseers that some of the accusations against him are true .
" He has willingly and humbly submitted to the authority of the board of overseers , and will remain on administrative leave during the course of the investigation . "
Mr Jones said he had stepped forward because of the gay marriage issue .
" It made me angry that here 's someone preaching about gay marriage and going behind the scenes having gay sex , " he said .
Mr Jones said he was contacted by a man through the internet called Art .
Mr Jones said Art , who he later recognised as Mr Haggard , used methamphetamine to heighten their sexual encounters .
Influential ties
Mr Haggard , who is also known as " Pastor Ted " and has five children , has close contacts with the White House .
He became president of the National Association of Evangelicals in 2003 .
The BBC's Jane Little in Washington says he is one of America 's most influential and politically well - connected religious leaders .
His resignation comes as a blow for Republicans , who are hoping to energise a demoralised Christian base ahead of mid-term elections , our correspondent says .
Site content has been updated and permanently moved to sam.vmicrobial.info/index.html .
Click here to go to the Syntropic Antioxidative Microbes ( SAM ) if you are not automatically redirected .
I picked up Uncanny X - Men : First Class # 1 last week .
This is a new ongoing series from Marvel set in the early days of the Uncanny X - Men .
I guess I ’ve got X - Men on the brain .
I ’ve mentioned it here before , I used to be a major X - junkie .
We ’re talking MAJOR junkie .
I ’d read every single Uncanny X - Men story from Giant - Sized X - Men # 1 ( 1975 ) through Uncanny X - Men # 320 ( January 1995 ) , and all the various franchise books .
Shortly after the Phalanx Covenant I ’d had enough and just walked away from 20 years of continuity and over 400 comics .
I was pleasantly surprised by Uncanny X - Men : First Class # 1 . Writer Scott Gray was able to refresh classic X - Men plot threads , without making them feel like retreads .
This series is set sometime shortly after The All - New All - Different X - Men # 101 ( Oct. 1976 ) .
The team consists of Cyclops , Nightcrawler , Storm , Wolverine , Colossus , and Banshee , with Jean Grey / Phoenix as a supporting character .
This particular issue focuses primarily on Nightcrawler , but they dedicate some time to each team member .
In the issue Nightcrawler is feeling like an outcast due to his appearance ( a well - established plot thread from the old days ) .
After a meeting between the X - Men and the Inhumans , Nightcrawler is invited to visit Attilan , the Inhumans city .
There Nightcrawler finds that feeling of belonging he ’s been seeking all his life in this city of unique super - powered individuals .
Of course after that , things go awry and conflict ensues .
There was a decent cliffhanger and it appears from the solicits that the storyline will conclude next issue .
On the whole , the comic was well written and well illustrated .
There were a few moments of odd dialogue during a Danger Room training scene , but other than that Gray managed to capture the characters “ voices ” accurately .
I ’ve never been a huge Inhumans fan , but it was a nice to see Nightcrawler ’s plight in contrast with the Inhumans policy of acceptance .
Artist Roger Cruz did a fine job drawing the book .
It was neat seeing an essentially old school story drawn with modern style and techniques .
Cruz does a really nice job on faces and movement .
Surprisingly , I ’ve decided that I will continue to collect this comic going forward .
While I enjoyed this issue quite a bit , at first I was n’t 100 % sold on getting back on - board with a monthly X - Men title .
There were three factors that helped me make my decision : ( 1 ) The price for Uncanny X - Men : First Class # 1 was only $ 2.99 for 22 pages of story .
In an era where Marvel is charging $ 3.99 for just about every brand new series , I was shocked to see the price tag of only $ 2.99 on this one .
( 2 ) Since this series is n’t set in modern day , there ca n’t be any crossovers .
No crossovers = no additional books to buy = no event fatigue caused by this book .
( 3 ) Story arcs will be single issues or very short runs .
It appears that this will not be a book that consistently does six - issue story arcs just to ensure they can print a trade paperback .
Most of Marvel ’s First Class books feature one - and - done stories , with the occasional multi-part story .
If I ’m going to read an X - Men book again , I ’d rather have short story lines than a long drawn out one .
In closing , I recommend this book if you were a fan of the 1980s Classic X - Men back - up tales , or if you were a fan of the old school X - Men and are looking for a decent no -strings - attached book .
Attention has focused on Mr. Emanuel ’s larger - than - life personality , but it is his operating style that matters more to Mr. Obama at this crucial juncture .
What comes through in interviews with roughly 60 people in the White House , on Capitol Hill and around Washington is an intense engagement built on a series of testosterone - driven aphorisms :
“ Put points on the board . ”
“ In politics , you ’re either pitching or catching . ”
“ A man never stands as tall as when he is on all fours kissing ” rear ends .
In other words , take what victories you can , stay on the offensive and do not be afraid to stroke big egos to advance the president ’s agenda .
Mr. Emanuel , 49 , starts his day shortly after 5 a.m. , when he swims at the Y.M.C.A. and then hits the House gymnasium to pick up intelligence from colleagues from his days in Congress .
At 7:30 a.m. , he gathers top White House officials in his office and meets the full senior staff in the Roosevelt Room at 8:15 a.m .
He then sees the president alone in the Oval Office for 10 minutes , a private session repeated at the end of each day .
Aides estimate he talks with 50 people a day by telephone and sends hundreds of e-mail messages .
Phone calls often last a minute or two , just long enough to deliver a point or extract information .
E-mail messages are often a word or two .
“ It seems like he has a 72 - hour day , ” said Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York .
But Mr. Emanuel casts his net widely , from lawmakers and lobbyists to journalists and corporate executives .
When he took over the chief of staff ’s office — an office that , he makes a point of telling visitors , is eight square feet larger than the vice president ’s — he brought a telephone list of 6,000 names that crashed White House software .
“ I ’ve heard more from Rahm in six months than I heard from Andy Card in six years , and Card ’s daughter worked for me , ” said former Representative Tom Davis , Republican of Virginia , referring to a chief of staff under President George W. Bush .
Peter R. Orszag , director of the Office of Management and Budget , noted one day this month that he had been with Mr. Emanuel in meetings from 8:15 a.m. until noon but still had three telephone calls and a dozen e-mail messages from him later that day .
If his story is to be believed ( and it seems pretty believable ) , an anonymous tipster to Engadget Japanese got a nice surprise with his recent Mac mini purchase : a Snow Leopard install disc .
It 's one of those vanilla hardware - specific install discs , dubbing itself Mac OS version 10.6 , and clearly packing the goods if the screenshots do n't lie .
This only adds confusion to the ship date , which has been listed as August 28th on Apple 's online store , dubbed as " September " elsewhere , and obviously been totally disregarded in this specific case .
No matter what , it looks like we wo n't have long to wait .
Hit up the read link for a couple of Japanese - infused screencaps .
Last week , Single Payer Action called for a nationwide boycott of Whole Foods .
Why ?
Because with 60 Americans dying every day from lack of health insurance , the CEO of the company , John Mackey penned a diatribe against a single payer health insurance reform — the only health insurance reform that will both control costs and insure everyone .
Mackey took to the pages of the Wall Street Journal and insulted not only many of his customers , but many of his own employees .
The response to that call for a boycott was remarkable .
Thousands of people wrote to us and posted comments on blogs around the web saying that they had no clue that Mackey was a union busting , right winger .
And that they would join with us and boycott Whole Foods .
Today , we announce an escalation of the boycott campaign against Whole Foods .
On Friday , single payer activists will be picketing Whole Foods stores in three cities — Austin , Texas , Washington , D.C. , and New York City .
We know that there is tremendous support for this boycott .
And now we want to reach the customers as they enter the stores around the country .
We know that Whole Foods allows non profit public interest groups to set up tables inside their stores around the country to allow these groups to reach Whole Foods ’ liberal customer base .
Our demand : That Whole Foods allow single payer advocates to set up shop inside Whole Foods stores around the country and allow them to counter the lies and distortions of their CEO John Mackey on health care .
To let the Whole Foods customers know what the majority of doctors and nurses know .
That single payer is the only health care reform that both controls costs and covers everyone .
The first wave of pickets will take place Friday , August 21 , 2009 from 12 noon to 1 p.m. ( local time for each location ) at :
Austin , Texas
Whole Foods
525 N Lamar Blvd
Austin , TX 78703
Austin , Texas Single Payer Action contact :
Marcus Denton
[ email protected ]
New York City
Whole Foods
Union Square
4 Union Square South
New York , NY 10003
New York City Single Payer Action contact :
Josh Starcher
718.909.6343
E-mail : [ email protected ]
Washington , D.C .
Whole Foods
P Street
1440 P Street NW
Washington , DC 20005
Washington , D.C. Single Payer Action contact :
Russell Mokhiber
202.468.8868
e -mail : [ email protected ]
If you are in the New York , Austin , or Washington , D.C. areas , please contact your local Single Payer Action organizer ( listed above ) and join us on Friday .
If you are outside of the Austin , Washington and New York areas , and would like to start a picket of your local Whole Foods store , please contact Russell Mokhiber at [ email protected ] .
Posted by John , September 6th , 2009 - under Nathan Rees , NSW Labor .
Tags : Australian Labor Party , Australian politics , Democracy
I have three words to say to those who support fixed parliamentary terms – New South Wales .
Here is a totally incompetent Government who fell into another term only because the Opposition was viewed rightly as even more incompetent .
Having won Government again , New South Wales Labor then began to really unravel , with the trade union movement rightly booting out Premier Bland , Morris Iemma , for attempting to privatise electricity generation .
This influence of the trade union bureaucracy shows that the ALP is qualitatively different to the Liberals .
Labor is , as Lenin so presciently wrote 96 years ago , a bourgeois workers ’ party .
More bourgeois now perhaps , but still the only political party in Australia with real , even if grossly distorted , links to working people .
But I digress .
The Rees Labor Government in New South Wales remains in power only because of the legislated fixed four year term provisions and the lack of class consciousness among significant sections of the working class .
A democratic society would have swept this rabble away long ago – not through Kerr coups and the like but through replacing them with new representatives , on a daily basis if needed .
Workers ’ revolutions extend democracy .
It has been a consistent hallmark of workers ’ revolution that their representatives were paid the average wage and were subject to immediate recall .
From Paris to Russia and Germany , from Hungary to Poland , in revolutionary times workers have set up democratic workers ’ councils to run society .
Workers would meet daily in their workplaces to debate their positions and elect their representatives to the workers ’ councils for decision making .
They would mandate what positions their representatives were to take on the particular issues of the day .
If they did n’t like what their representatives had done , they would replace them immediately .
Imagine that in New South Wales .
No more Rees , Della Bosca , O’Farrell and the like .
In would come ordinary working people whose sole certainty of tenure was that they were in the council that day .
Every major working class revolution from the Paris Commune on has established workers councils – organs of rule that extend the limited democracy we enjoy under capitalism into a richer and fuller democracy , into all facets of social life , including production .
Marx described this fuller democracy in his book the Civil War in France :
The Commune was formed of the municipal councillors , chosen by universal suffrage in the various wards of the town , responsible and revocable at any time .
The majority of its members were naturally working men , or acknowledged representatives of the working class … .
The police , which until then had been the instrument of the Government , was at once stripped of its political attributes , and turned into the responsible , and at all times revocable , agent of the Commune .
So were the officials of all other branches of the administration .
From the members of the Commune downwards , the public service had to be done at workmen ’s wages .
The privileges and the representation allowances of the high dignitaries of state disappeared along with the high dignitaries themselves … .
Having once got rid of the standing army and the police , the instruments of physical force of the old government , the Commune proceeded at once to break the instrument of spiritual suppression , the power of the priests … .
The judicial functionaries lost that sham independence … they were thenceforward to be elective , responsible , and revocable .
The ability to recall representatives instantly is one of the key elements of workers ’ democracy .
Compare that to the piddly vote we get every 3 or 4 years for one lot of capitalist cronies who then lord it over us , virtually unaccountable .
What a paradox .
The Rees government of today shows us the past ; the Paris Commune of yesterday shows us the future .
Four year fixed terms are not about democracy – they are about entrenching the dictatorship of capital in the interests of capital .
They give a Government virtual unlimited power ( or so the bourgeoisie hope ) to impose their policies and outcomes on ordinary working families .
The certainty they provide is the certainty of absolute rule in the interests of capital .
These fixed parliamentary terms deny citizens their right to participate fully in all aspects of socialised life .
The sacking of Morris Iemma shows that with the Labor Party , at least occasionally , that capitalist ‘ certainty ’ can be challenged and defeated , although only withing the overarching rule of one party and in a bureaucratic , backdoor way rather than directly through automatic recall of representatives .
To sweep away Rees and the like before 2011 and make sure this institutionalised dictatorship of vicious anti-worker bourgeois mediocrity does n’t happen again ( as it undoubtedly will under the Liberals and O’Farrell ) we workers need to sweep away the whole rotten edifice of bourgeois democracy and set up truly democratic institutions of rule .
Anthony at Ohio Daily
Blog broke the Ohio story , which began when someone sent him an email they had received from North Canton Police Dispatcher Anita Malachowski .
Ohio blogs began to cover it in force :
http://www.plunderbund.com/...
http://bloggerinterrupted.com/...
http://www.progressohio.org/...
Many in the Ohio and national mainstream media were also notified via email by bloggers .
Then the story widened .
It was discovered that Uniontown Police Dispatcher Holli Webb was the one who sent the email to Anita .
I 've recently begun to think that the healthcare town hall mobs are not really about healthcare at all .
Most are there to discuss the issues , but there is a strong undercurrent of racial hatred running through the groups as well .
It 's very disheartening to have to fight the same smear battles we had to fight in the election , but we must .
The way we beat it back then was to out those forwarding these hateful racist smears on .
Once more unto the breach .
You can let the North Canton Police Department ( Anita Malachowski's employer ) know what you think of this by sending them a note .
If you ’d rather call you can do that at ( 330 ) 499-5911 .
I you love to fax ( and who does n’t ! ) , you can fax away to ( 330 ) 966-3731 .
You can let the Uniontown Police Department ( Holli Webb 's employer ) know what you think with the following information :
Uniontown Police Department
Phone : 330-699-6444
Fax : 330-699-9501
E-mail : uniontownpd@neo.rr.com
UPDATE -
They 've both been put on administrative leave pending investigation , my new diary has the details .
We got impact , Kossacks !
Let 's keep it up and make sure they stay on leave .
Earlier in my career , I was a staffer for U.S. Senator Maria Cantwell , one of Washington state 's two Democratic senators .
I served as her communications director , and in that capacity , on a handful of occasions I had the good fortune of observing Ted Kennedy in action .
One such occasion involved a weekly meeting in the Capitol for Democratic communications staff .
The basic idea of the meeting was that communications staff would observe Democratic senators talking about the issues of the day .
There was never any interaction between press staff and the senators , although sometimes a leadership staffer would chime in to answer a question from a senator .
Nobody ever explained the point of the meeting to me , but I guessed it was intended to generate leaks to help shape press coverage .
In 2002 , one of the meetings focused on prescription drugs and Medicare .
I 'm a little hazy on the details , but the senators in the room included Tom Daschle , Evan Bayh , Chuck Schumer , Dick Durbin , and Ted Kennedy , who entered the room late , as I recall .
( Lest I sound like I 'm tooting my own horn , none of the senators at the meeting had any idea who I was other than a face in the crowd . )
The meeting 's topic was whether or not Democrats should compromise with President Bush and Republicans on prescription drugs , with the key question being whether or not Democrats should support having private insurers ( HMOs ) offer the coverage , or whether should be part of Medicare itself .
Of the senators , Bayh was the most aggressive proponent of considering making a deal with Republicans to support coverage through HMOs , but even he was n't tremendously enthusiastic about the idea .
After Bayh spoke , Schumer made it clear he was adamantly opposed to privatizing Medicare .
( Kennedy had n't arrived yet . )
Daschle said he wanted it to be done with Medicare , but to him the most important thing was getting something done , whatever it was .
Daschle pointed to Tim Johnson , who was in a contest with John Thune , and said he did n't want Johnson to be forced to seek re-election without being able to say that prescription drug coverage had been passed .
After a few minutes , Kennedy entered the room , and as soon as he caught the drift of the conversation , he strongly supported Schumer 's position .
He said that under no scenario was he willing to do anything that could lead to the privatization of Medicare , saying that he was adamantly opposed to offering up prescription drugs coverage as a private insurance plan subsidized by Medicare -- even if that meant a bill would n't be possible .
As it turns out , a bill was n't possible during that Congress .
It was n't until 2003 that a prescription drug benefit was passed , and when it was passed , it was -- as Kennedy had warned could happen -- a bonanza for the health care industry .
( In the wake of the plan 's passage , Billy Tauzin left Congress and became the top lobbyist for prescription drug manufacturers . )
Early in the process , Kennedy had worked with Bush and the Republicans , even helping pass a bill he could support through the Senate .
But at the last minute , Bush and the GOP stabbed Kennedy in the back , swapping out the Senate - passed legislation with the industry - friendly boondoggle in conference committee .
As a result , Kennedy went from supporting the process to opposing it .
Along with all the senators in the room -- including Bayh -- Kennedy voted against the Bush plan and spoke out loudly in opposition .
:::
Despite this history -- which I personally witnessed -- conservatives are trying to tell a completely different story , twisting Ted Kennedy 's legacy into something unrecognizable .
Perhaps the most clear cut example of this kind of propaganda found a home on Fox News Channel in the wake of Senator Kennedy 's death last week .
According to Fox , one of the primary examples of Ted Kennedy 's willingness to work with Republicans was his role in the passage of a prescription drug benefit under Medicare , signed into law by George W. Bush in 2003 .
It showed , they claim , his willingness to put aside his progressive agenda in favor of bipartisan compromise .
There 's only one problem with Fox 's script : it 's fiction .
As I wrote above , Ted Kennedy not only voted against Bush 's Medicare Part D legislation , he was one its most vocal opponents .
Early in the process , Kennedy had sat down with Republicans to forge a compromise , a feat they managed to accomplish when the Senate passed legislation creating a prescription drug benefit under Medicare .
But when that legislation went to House - Senate conference committee , the Senate - passed bill was thrown out in favor of legislation that Kennedy felt would undermine Medicare and line the pockets of private insurers .
As a result , Kennedy withdrew his support from the process , refusing to support the bill that emerged from conferences .
In all , 44 senators -- including Kennedy and nearly all Democrats -- opposed the bill .
But that did n't stop
Fox from claiming that Kennedy had been a champion of Bush 's bill .
Here 's video , not just of Fox 's false claim , but excerpts from Ted Kennedy 's floor speech against the bill , delivered in late November 2003 .
Watch :
The reason for Fox 's lie could n't be more obvious : they desperately want Democrats to cave on the core elements of health care reform , and they think that creating a false narrative about Ted Kennedy will make their wish come true .
Ted Kennedy probably would n't want us to pass meaningful health care reform solely to honor his legacy .
In fact , of all the reasons health reform needs to be passed , that 's probably not even on the list .
But Ted Kennedy 's passion for health care reform does inspire us to achieve the goal of universal , affordable coverage .
And the record shows us that despite his best efforts , Republicans cannot be trusted to be fair partners in the process of getting there .
One day they 'll probably try to rewrite history to claim universal coverage was their idea .
But until that day comes , on this issue , they want to stop us from getting there .
We 'll never know exactly how Ted Kennedy would have worked with Republicans if he were leading the process of passing this legislation .
But there is one thing we do know for certain : he never would have supported legislation just for the sake of getting something passed .
Ted Kennedy put substance over form , and for all the pressure that Democrats are under to pass health care legislation , they should remember that no bill is better than a bad bill .
Paradoxical though it may seem , progressives must remember that the best chance we have of getting a good bill passed this year is if we are also willing to accept a scenario under which no bill gets passed this year .
A half a loaf is only better than a full loaf if you can't get a full loaf .
And if it 's already turning green with mold , and eating it will get you sick , a half a loaf can be worse than nothing .
The continuing capacity ramping of Secure Digital cards will continue
basically uninterrupted through the next few years , as the flash card
vendors introduce yet another extension to the SD specification , called Secure Digital Extended Capacity .
This week , Toshiba announced
the first card to launch on the new specification , a 64GB module
expected to ship next spring .
Prices have not been announced , but the
new card capacities typically ship at prices slightly higher per unit
capacity than existing cards , so it 's reasonable to speculate that a
cost of about $ 100 - $ 150 is likely .
Panasonic and PreTec had previously
SDXC announced cards with unknown launch dates .
The original SD spec was limited to 4GB card sizes ( and 2GB and 4GB cards had compatibility problems with older readers ) , so in 2006 an extension was introduced , boosting maximum capacity to 32GB with a switch from FAT16 to the FAT32 file system and certain other minor tweaks .
The SDHC spec could be sized up to 2TB without causing address size issues , but is limited by the spec to 32 GB , a capacity first achieved last year .
Reading the new cards will require SDXC - compatible readers , which are likely to be available cheaply in USB interfaces and ship in lots of laptops at about the time cards appear .
While this card boasts read speeds of 60 MBps and write speeds of 35 MBps , SDXC cards will eventually support read speeds as high as 300 MB/s , we 're told , which is within the bandwidth capability of USB 3.0 .
Capacities will range up to 2TB , so the spec may last up to ten years before another replacement is needed . �
A 2TB card would take about two hours to empty or fill at 300 MBps , so it 's possible that further enhancements in read speeds are due .
The new spec also brings a new file system to SD , exFAT , an extension of the FAT32 system with longer addresses , support for larger files and more granular logging , and other novel features .
ExFAT , like FAT16 and FAT32 , is owned by Microsoft and is more suited for memory cards than heavier - overhead file systems like HFS + and NTFS .
At present , exFAT is supported by Windows CE , Windows Vista , Windows 7 .
A patch is available to enable exFAT support on Windows XP , and an exFAT - supporting Linux kernel is under development .
It 's unknown when , if ever , OS X will support exFAT , but presumably it will happen eventually .
If not , mac users would be unable to use SDXC cards .
Gold and Systemic Crisis
" To all ; are you ready ?
Never in the history of financial markets have there been so many landmines in place , each one wired directly to a nuclear bomb that sits atop the ENTIRE global financial system .
The ' masters of the financial universe ' have postponed the coming day of reckoning for so long and in so many different ways that they have backed themselves into a corner where almost any movement at all will trip one of these numerous landmines . "
-FOFOA
Bread is not for sale in Zimbabwe dollars .
Presently many otherwise intelligent and capable individuals in America do not seem to understand the origins of the present financial crisis -- and the multiple aspects ( or shall we say ' tentacles ' ? ) of its origination .
These tentacles stretch far back in history : from the present demoralization and fragmentation of American society , to the demonetization of gold in 1971 , stretching to the forces behind World War I and World War II , and ultimately , in terms of the 20th century , to the creation the Federal Reserve in 1913 .
Our topic here is gold , and unfortunately we will have to save the analysis of totalitarianism 's final forms for another paper .
But what must be understood is that ultimately we are witnessing a ' failure of imagination ' on the part of the general public -- a similar failure to what always permits radical evil to spread .
This moral failure was characterized by both Hannah Arendt in Eichmann in Jerusalem , and Alexander Solzhenitsyn in The Gulag Archipelago .
Because in our society people do not understand history nor human nature , and are saturated with lies and propaganda 24/7 via the CNBS broadcast media , they cannot imagine the moral consequences of their actions or inactions -- let alone the consequences of systemic failure .
So to remedy this situation , let us take a quick glance at history , but try to avoid the pitfalls of the gold bug crowd .
As someone mentioned , here at ZeroHedge , we are ' truth bugs ' .
" If only it were all so simple !
If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds , and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them .
But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being .
And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart ? "
- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
History is a great teacher .
One thing it shows us is that all systems of paper money fail .
And they usually fail very quickly , not outlasting a man 's lifetime .
Gold and silver have been used as money for over 6000 years , including for extended periods of time , such as during the 1000 years of the Eastern Roman Empire .
There are mathematical reasons why humans historically use precious metals as money , but we will not go into them here .
Our present system is curious and almost astonishing that it has managed to last so long , given the lessons of history .
Dr. Antal Fekete wrote in his latest paper that the mean time to failure of a non -gold backed system is approximately 18 years .
Our present system has lasted over twice as long -- 38 years at last count , measured since the U.S. 's surreptitious default on it's foreign gold obligations under the Nixon administration in 1971 and currencies began to ' float ' .
Most money has no tangible existence .
We have a fractional - reserve credit ( read : debt ) based system , where our money is mostly hallucinated computer pixels .
The system is highly leveraged , but is almost entirely electronic .
We now have multiple generations which have grown up without using money in its historic forms .
For example , even the new Monopoly game uses electronic cards rather than paper money .
Let me summarize these changes -- for simplicity sake , here we use gold to mean gold and / or silver .
The global monetary system has changed three times : first , from gold to gold IOUs , then from gold IOUs to debt IOUs , and finally from debt IOUs to electronic - debt IOUs .
But are these IOU 's really ' unbacked ' , as claimed by the gold bugs ?
Actually , they * are* backed .
They are backed as long as the IOUs can be exchanged for oil and gold at some realistic price metric .
According to Dr. Fekete , the reason our unmoored system has continued so long , past the usual 18 year lifespan of fiat currency experiments , is that we have invented a system of gold futures clearing and gold derivatives trading -- an innovation that did not exist in the past .
In other words , we have created a gold ' price horizon ' in electronic - debt IOUs , with the tendency to converge to the gold spot price .
( Is the tail wagging the dog ? )
Additionally we have gold leasing , forward hedging , and all sorts of other trickery that has been going on for quite some time now .
The electronic debt - IOU remains linked to gold via various Ponzi - like paper innovations .
The author FOFOA adds that additionally , what has characterized our system since 1971 is gold / oil flows between the various Petro States of the Middle East and the New York and London banking centers .
These implicit deals allowed the United States to continue to purchase oil directly in dollars -- despite having defaulted on its international obligations .
This ' innovation ' somewhat resembles a US military - led protection racket .
Remember that the second oil crisis of 1979 - 1980 coincided with price explosions in both gold and oil , yet catastrophe was avoided .
This will not be the case the second time around .
There are also of course the lesser but nonetheless important details such as hedging which was done via large gold producers , the gold price suppression by the central banks , the geometric growth of OTC interest rate swaps , and so on .
For those interested in these technical details , we highly recommend reading all the posts at FOFOA and the work of Rob Kirby .
But here , the goal is a summary ' big picture ' overview regarding the main points .
What we can surmise though , is that our present system is a historical anomaly despite its technological innovations .
And that should make us cautious of issuing blanket proclamations about the U.S. dollar 's future stability over the next 8 weeks -- let alone the next 80 years .
Have the pure dollar deflationistas skipped the Taleb ?
Sometimes we wonder .
The U.S. has a unique and deep relationship with Saudi Arabia , historically the world 's largest oil producer .
This relationship that goes back almost a century , to the foundation of Saudi Aramco by Rockefeller oil interests ( specifically Standard Oil of California ) in 1933 .
From 1933 to 1971 the payment system was somewhat stable , characterized by gold clearing on the international level at a fixed price of dollars for gold .
This continued until the French under de Gaulle began draining the US Treasury of its gold , due to the expense of America 's involvment in the Vietnam war .
The French gold redemptions ultimately lead to the unilateral default of the United States on its gold obligations and the death of Bretton Woods I , which had been created post World War II with the dollar as gold - backed world reserve currency .
What has characterized our international system since 1971 , or " Bretton Woods II " as it is sometimes called , is this : 1 ) the gold futures clearing system , and related paper markets and 2 ) the ability to swap oil for gold via these markets using exclusively US Dollars .
This has given implicit support to the U.S. dollar far beyond what could be reasonably imagined considering the U.S. fiscal situation -- in the sense that the dollar is supported as long as 1 ) oil is for sale in dollars and 2 ) gold is for sale in dollars .
This does not always have to be the case , and this is the core of the issue .
If gold goes into permanent backwardation it will no longer be for sale in dollars on COMEX .
Period .
This will implicitly cut off oil flows to a trickle until payment is re-linked to gold via the IMF SDR or another mechanism .
The Western Roman Empire collapsed because it debased its currency .
To many of us , it is obvious the US equity markets will soon crash , but the real crisis will come with the failure of our currency -- a currency which is IMPLICITLY and historically linked with trading of both dollars for oil , and dollars for gold .
Thus , these spot markets are the ones to watch .
Some may be aware Russia recently surpassed Saudi Arabia as the world 's number 1 oil producer -- and last week , number 2 oil producer Saudi Arabia has signed a $ 2bn weapons deal with Moscow .
The final strategic alignment of Saudia Arabia and the rest of the Middle East remains up for debate , but we have certainly witnessed the tentative steps of the BRIC nations and their affiliated satellites to build their own international clearing system , based in Hong Kong and Moscow , rather than New York and London .
Ultimately this will probably involve some form of the IMF SDR -- rebalanced with new currencies and possibly a gold component .
Remember Medvedev at the G8 ?
Medvedev pimps the New World Currency at G8 .
No , it 's not petrorouble
Minus the political shifts towards a ' multipolar ' world ( prior to the onset of the final bloody form of the Hegelian dielectic ) , the weakest point in the present system is certainly the U.S. Dollar .
Indeed there are many angles for speculative currency attack .
And there are many weak points at which this may simply happen by accident .
Assuming we see such an external speculative attack , what can we expect ?
1 ) A currency failure will happen rapidly ( likely overnight to 8 - 12 weeks ) .
The dollar will devalue against gold and oil .
We are talking 50 % decline or more .
2 ) Gold will go into backwardation ( aka Spot Price above Near - Futures Price ) .
This is the single most important indicator .
3 ) The Gold price will vault upwards -- and ultimately trading will halt in USD .
4 ) Oil will likely vault upwards as well , but this analysis is difficult .
The gold : oil ratio is a useful indicator .
Where will capital flow during a time of a systemic crisis ?
Since 1971 , capital has moved up this chart .
Now it is reversing .
Capital will flow into government bonds , treasury bills , physical cash , and ultimately its final home , gold .
There are all sorts of other things that may occur under conditions of currency failure , but you can find these sorts of analysis elsewhere .
Use your imagination , as Hannah Arendt might suggest .
Or google teotwawki and crack open a beer .
The point here is that our present system is very fragile and cannot last much longer in its present form .
It is far too unstable .
There will be a collapse , and out of this a new system will emerge .
The only guarantee of your purchasing power is in physical gold coins which you have in your possession .
This is why the Zerohedge Dog , Scooby , keeps 20 % or more of his assets in physical gold coins , and at least another 10 - 20 % in physical cash with which to pay his bills .
The world is changing , and to cope with the new reality requires both discernment and imagination .
A 19 - year - old Aussie emailed the Valve boss to complain that he was n't flown in for the boycott - bustin ' playtest of Left 4 Dead 2 .
Gabe Newell 's reaction , allegedly ( and in fun ) , was to announce a boycott of his own .
Advertisement
The modder , Joe of Joe 's Modding Menagerie , is putting together a campaign for Left 4 Dead ( pictured , above .
Note the " I miss Twitter " graffiti . )
He 's apparently friendly enough with Newell that the Valve managing director answers his emails .
He 's even autographed a prop graphics card .
But Joe felt snubbed by the corrupting / co - opting / olive branch offering to the Left 4 Dead 2 boycott leaders , and sent Newell this email with the header " I think you just opened up a can of worms :
Why the hell have n't I been flown to Valve ?
I mean , you guys need to preview my campaign . "
Advertisement
Newell 's arch reply : " We are boycotting your campaign . "
Playing shocked , Joe asks if that means he has to fly Newell to Brisbane for him to preview the mod .
Newell ups the ante .
" Me and Erik [ Johnson , Valve project manager ] , " he answers , cc'd to Johnson .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So what 's left to be done ?
Boycott a boycott ?
Two of those wo n't make a right here .
Instead , Joe has begun a fund drive to collect enough money to fly both down to Brisbane to test out his campaign .
A ticket from Seattle to Brisbane runs about $ 1,000 , U.S. Joe has $ 6 ( Australian ) in donations so far .
Update : Couple things here .
1 ) This is all a big gag , although the donation total is up to $ 375.75 , with $ 100 of that coming from Valve 's Robin Walker , who writes : " This is Robin Walker , from Valve .
The rest of us at Valve would sure appreciate a couple of days without Erik around , so thanks for organising this !
Quick question though : if I donated more , would you buy a one - way ticket for him ? "
So who knows where this is headed .
Advertisement
2 ) Nobody is pissed at anyone .
It 's clearly a parody of the rush to boycott things that displease you in games .
Although I do acknowledge that my aside " Or was anyway , " commenting on Joe 's good terms with Gabe , carried not enough of an ironic tone and created confusion for some that Joe really is PO'd .
He 's not .
So that 's why I edited the lede .
Everyone 's having a good time .
Fly Gabe Newell [ Blogspot ]
Honestly i can't see anyone defeating petr yan right now
Today ’s post is a bit morbid , but something we all have to think about eventually .
None of us really want to face it , but the truth of the matter is that the ONLY guarantee in life is that it ’s going to end someday .
Once you accept that you ’re gonna go no matter what , then you can decide how you wanna do it .
I do n’t mean choose the circumstances of your death , but you can at least choose what happens to the body you leave behind .
If Michael Jackson can have a fancy coffin , why should n’t we ?
In fact , we should proudly display our geekiness into the afterlife !
Here is a selection of geeky coffins I ’ve found on the internet .
Kinda makes you think about your options , does n’t it ?
Below is a Star Trek themed casket and urn .
The casket ’s styling was inspired by Spock ’s photon - torpedo - casket in Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan .
Oops , I guess that ’s a spoiler .
My bad .
Spock died , in case you did n’t hear about it back in 1982 .
You can order your Star Trek casket and urn from Eternal Image .
The next four coffins come from T3 where they mocked - up a few different ones they ’d like to see designed .
They were inspired by Creative Coffins , an environmentally - friendly company that promises to create almost any design from the dignified and beautiful to the quirky or humorous .
Below is one for all the folks who got injured by their Wii strap .
Should have kept it old school .
I do n’t think you ’ll be respawning after climbing into this one below .
Do you believe that violent video games can lead to real - life violence , and possibly death ?
Then below is the coffin for you !
For all you iPhone addicts , below is the final app .
And if you ca n’t afford the monthly plan on the iPhone coffin , then Nokia has one that might fit your budget .
You can see the one below and more unusual Ghana coffins over at eShopAfrica.com .
Well , we ’ve seen the iPhone coffin from Apple , so of course there has to be a PC coffin .
The coffin below is for the techie in your life that never knows when to turn off the computer .
You can find more bizarre Windows - powered devices at Techeblog.com .
If you know me at all , you ’d probably think this next coffin is the one for me .
This is the actual coffin for a die hard Doctor Who fan that died earlier this summer .
Even though I really like the TARDIS coffin above , I think I ’d rather hold out for the one below .
Okay , this is n’t a coffin , it ’s a desk .
However , if you applied the same concept to a coffin it would be brilliant !
What better way to go than in a block of carbonite !
At least you ’d be perfectly preserved .
And you ’d make a nice wall ornament too .
You can see more about the desk over at Tom Spina Designs .
My thanks to Ron over at THE UNIQUE GEEK listserv for inspiring today ’s post .
Just a reminder :
There ’s still time to enter the contest to win one of five copies of The Wolverine Files hardcover !
No gimmicks , no strings attached .
Just a chance to win a cool book for free !
Click here for details .
Contest ends Wednesday , August 5th .
As adults , the earliest fireflies probably communicated with chemical signals , the way some firefly species do today .
Only much later did some firefly species gain through evolution the ability to make light as adults .
Instead of a warning , the light became a mating call .
( An enzyme in the firefly ’s tail drives a chemical reaction that makes light . )
Image RESEARCHER
Sara Lewis is an evolutionary ecologist at Tufts University who studies firefly mating habits .
Credit ...
Melody Ko/ Tufts University
The more Dr. Lewis watched firefly courtship , the clearer it became that the females were carefully choosing mates .
They start dialogues with up to 10 males in a single evening and can keep several conversations going at once .
But a female mates with only one male , typically the one she has responded to the most .
Dr. Lewis wondered if the female fireflies were picking their mates based on variations in the flashes of the males .
To test that possibility , she took female fireflies to her lab , where she has computer - controlled light systems that can mimic firefly flashes .
“ You can play back specific signals to females and see what they respond to , ” Dr. Lewis said .
The female fireflies turned out to be remarkably picky .
In many cases , a male flash got no response at all .
In some species , females preferred faster pulse rates .
In others , the females preferred males that made long - lasting pulses .
If females preferred some flashes over others , Dr. Lewis wondered why those preferences had evolved in the first place .
One possible explanation was that the signals gave female fireflies a valuable clue about the males .
Somehow , mating with males with certain flash patterns allowed females to produce more offspring , which would inherit their preference .
It is possible that females use flashes to figure out which males can offer the best gifts .
In many invertebrate species , the males provide females with food to help nourish their eggs .
Dr. Lewis and her colleagues discovered that fireflies also made these so - called nuptial gifts  packages of protein they inject with their sperm .
Dr. Lewis is not sure why she and her colleagues were the first to find them .
The gifts form coils that can take up a lot of space in a male firefly ’s abdomen .
“ They ’re incredibly beautiful , ” she said .
The recession lingers .
Gas supplies are more than adequate .
No oil refineries are down .
And drivers continue to drive less .
Yet California gas prices have surged to more than $ 3 a gallon , rising as much as 26 cents in the past two weeks at some South Bay stations .
To the befuddlement of many motorists , some energy experts say the price hikes will keep coming .
“ I think you ’ll see prices peak at about $ 3.25 in a couple of weeks , ” said Bob van der Valk , a fuel - pricing analyst in Lynnwood , Wash .
“ Then they may start to level off by Labor Day . ”
A gallon of gas cost $ 3.04 in San Jose on average Saturday , up 13 cents in the past week .
That ’s a penny more than the state average of $ 3.03 and a lot higher than the U.S. average of $ 2.64 .
Prices have climbed every day since July 22 as crude oil has risen $ 10 a barrel in the past month , topping out at $ 72 a barrel last week .
“ What ’s the deal ? ” asked Ted Wada of Watsonville .
“ Our Chevron station on North Main Street has gone up 26 cents in less than two weeks .
Are we starting the Labor Day rush already ? ”
Partly , but there ’s more going on .
The feeling that the recession may have bottomed out in the U.S. and positive economic news out of China have oil buyers believing demand will increase .
According to an analysis by the AAA auto club , an increase in Chinese demand for oil is a sign the nation ’s massive manufacturing sector may be coming back to life .
Reports out of China suggest manufacturing output has reached its highest levels since late last year .
The Chinese are on a car - buying binge , and a surge in manufacturing increases is sure to increase that nation ’s oil consumption and may signal a pending increase in global economic activity , both of which tend to drive up the price of oil in the short term .
And last week , Wall Street traders used news that the U.S. manufacturing sector had slowed its rate of contraction to further inflate hopes of a pending economic turnaround .
“ The recent rally is based more on optimism about the future prospects for the economy than on current supply and demand , ” said Matt Skryja , a spokesman for the state auto club in California .
“ Oil investors try to anticipate where the economy is going .
Typically , as the economy gets better , more oil is used .
“ So if investors think the economy is improving they will buy more oil because it ’s a commodity they think will be in demand .
Those factors help spur trading and drive up the price . ”
Also at play : the weak U.S. dollar .
A weak dollar encourages investors to buy oil , which is cheaper for buyers using other currencies and tends to drive up the market price .
And it makes oil more expensive for those who buy it with dollars .
Got it ?
Do n’t feel bad if you do n’t , for some longtime gas station owners and local oil executives are also left scratching their heads when asked to explain the spike .
“ I honestly do n’t know , ” said Chuck Brassfield , owner of a Shell station on Capitol Expressway that has raised its price from $ 2.99 to $ 3.19 a gallon within two weeks .
“ We had no warning at all .
My cost has gone up five times in the last 10 days .
Either the futures market speculators are driving it up , or the oil companies are gearing up for another quarter of record profits . ”
Added Tom Robinson of Robinson Oil in San Jose :
“ Why crude oil is strong , with the weak demand , is confusing to me .
It seems speculators seeing the weaker dollar have increased the price of crude or because the economy is showing signs of recovery , they are bidding oil up .
“ As I said , confusing . ”
Some drivers are more outraged than confused .
But many seemed resigned to paying more for a fill - up .
Perhaps that ’s because the memory of paying $ 4.59 a gallon last year — the South Bay ’s single - day high was reached on June 25 , 2008 — remains painfully fresh .
“ Fill - ups are painful and costly , ” said motorist David Epstein of Palo Alto .
“ But what stings more is that I know that as the economy improves , gas prices will go up .
I take this as a given . ”
Is there any encouraging news on the oil scene ?
Yes , said analyst van der Valk .
When California switches from its more expensive summer blend of fuel to its winter blend around Halloween , prices will take a big dive , he predicts — maybe back to the $ 2.50 - a - gallon range of just a few weeks ago .
“ It happens every year , ” he said .
“ And this will be no different . ”
Have a gripe , minor annoyance or major problem with transportation ?
Contact Gary Richards at 408-920-5335 .
Eight years after 9/11 , many analysts are saying that Al Qaeda is finished .
That ’s not true .
The inner circle of that organization is much reduced ; Egyptian intelligence told me a couple of years ago that it numbers about two hundred men , and the C.I.A. estimates it contains perhaps three hundred to five hundred .
Certainly it ’s nowhere near its pre-9/11 strength .
But from Al Qaeda ’s perspective , things are n’t all bleak .
Osama bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri are still free .
Moreover , since November 2001 , when Mohammed Atef , Al Qaeda ’s military chief , was killed by an American bomb , not a single member of the the shura council — the core of Al Qaeda — has been captured or killed .
The propaganda arm is producing video and audio messages at a furious rate , and with excellent production qualities .
Al Qaeda ’s affiliates , especially in North Africa and Yemen , have been murderously active .
The Taliban , Al Qaeda ’s greatest ally , is making a comeback in Afghanistan and threaten much of western Pakistan .
The fact that Al Qaeda is still kicking , twenty - one years after its founding , is a testament to its adaptability — and to the failure of the U.S. and its allies to penetrate the organization .
Al Qaeda certainly is under pressure and in danger of losing its relevance to radical or disaffected Muslims around the world , but who would really be surprised to discover another bomb — or a trademark simultaneous , multiple attack — once again in a Western city ?
Many hope Al Qaeda has been put to sleep , but the truth is , as long as bin Laden is free , he and his followers pose a threat .
A man surfs the web at an internet cafe .
The United States ranks 28th in the world in average Internet connection speed and is not making significant progress in building a faster network , according to a report released on Tuesday .
The United States ranks 28th in the world in average Internet connection speed and is not making significant progress in building a faster network , according to a report released on Tuesday .
The report by the Communications Workers of America ( CWA ) said the average download speed in South Korea is 20.4 megabits per second ( mbps ) -- four times faster than the US average of 5.1 mbps .
Japan trails South Korea with an average of 15.8 mbps followed by Sweden at 12.8 mbps and the Netherlands at 11.0 mbps , the report said .
It said tests conducted by speedmatters.org found the average US download speed had improved by only nine - tenths of a megabit per second between 2008 and 2009 -- from 4.2 mbps to 5.1 mbps .
" The US has not made significant improvement in the speeds at which residents connect to the Internet , " the report said .
" Our nation continues to fall far behind other countries . "
" People in Japan can upload a high - definition video in 12 minutes , compared to a grueling 2.5 hours at the US average upload speed , " the report said .
It said 18 percent of those who took a US speed test recorded download speeds that were slower than 768 kilobits per second , which does not even qualify as basic broadband , according to the Federal Communications Commission .
Sixty - four percent connected at up to 10 mbps , 19 percent connected at speeds greater than 10 mbps and two percent exceeded 25 mbps .
The United States was ranked 20th in broadband penetration in a survey of 58 countries released earlier this year by Boston - based Strategy Analytics .
South Korea , Singapore , the Netherlands , Denmark and Taiwan were the top five countries listed in terms of access to high - speed Internet .
US President Barack Obama has pledged to put broadband in every home and the FCC has embarked on an ambitious project to bring high - speed Internet access to every corner of the United States .
According to the CWA report , the fastest download speeds in the United States are in the northeastern parts of the country while the slowest are in states such as Alaska , Idaho , Montana and Wyoming .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Qwest doubles top broadband speed in some cities
put Sprint away for life
Alright , look , we seriously have enough evidence here on our desk toconvince even the most jaded naysayer that Sprint 's got a Hero on the way .
It 's happening , end of story -- but when , where , and how much ?
We do n't have the complete picture yet beyond suggestions of an October window , but we 've just been tipped off here that Best Buy Mobile locations will be taking $ 50 deposits for the phone starting on September 13 with an SKU of 9510013 .
Whether the phone will be popular enough to warrant relieving yourself of $ 50 a month ( or more ) ahead of time is unclear -- especially with the InstinctQ in the pipe -- but at least it looks like you 'll have the option .
[ Thanks , anonymous tipster ]
We were dubious when we first read that Kentucky Fried Chicken was coming out with a new sandwich that does away with the bread in favor of two fried fillets .
And that the " sandwich " part of the sandwich involved was made of cheese , something called Colonel 's sauce .. and bacon ?
Could that possibly be true ?
After all , this was the fast - food chain that seemed to be going all healthy on us , setting off stampedes for its new grilled chicken offerings .
We lobbed a call to a media representative .
And the rest is a good news - bad news story .
First , the good news .
The sandwich does indeed exist , and it is called the double down .
It is made of two Original Recipe fillets , bacon , Swiss and pepper jack cheese and something called the Colonel 's sauce .
The bad news ?
The sandwich is only being tested in Providence , R.I. , and Omaha , Neb .
But if it does well -- and really , why would n't this sandwich do well ?
-- it could head out West .
-- Rene Lynch
Photo : Kentucky Fried Chicken
The rural residents of Japan who lived far from the war were shocked to learn that the Japanese Empire had lost World War Two .
After all , the only news they received was of one victory after another .
" Good Germans " and " good Japanese " alike were also shocked to learn that their respective Empires were Evil .
After all , the propaganda which had dominated their media and lives had promoted the idea that their conquests were " freeing the oppressed peoples of the Earth . "
Lest you think their belief in propaganda and their shock at the Evil perpetrated by their dictatorships naive , I direct your attention to the propaganda machine and magical thinking behind " the recession is over . "
Oh , and our financial Dictatorship is Evil , too .
Does saying it so make it so ?
That 's magical thinking .
When it 's a child of five believing in the magic of incantations , we think it 's cute .
But when Ben Bernanke and the rest of the Financial Dictatorship spew their incantations ( " the recession is over , the recession is over , now click your heels together three times ... " ) then their motivation is Evil : to pesuade the populace their domination is total and they 've " won the war " -- that is , credit and debt can continue expanding three times faster than the economy forever .
Why ?
Their dominance , power and wealth depend on the populace 's naive belief that " the system " works to their benefit .
That is the Big Lie -- the system works to the Financial Dictatorship 's benefit , not to the citizenry's .
I usually shy away from military analogies , as they veer to cliche : " This is his Waterloo , " etc .
( And never mind only a late arrival of reinforcements staved off a French victory . )
But the present propaganda campaign waged by our " Powers That Be " is so pervasive and so distorted that both my wife and I realized that the only equivalent is wartime propaganda .
Yes , the stakes for the Powers That Be are that high .
They must persuade the American public that " victory is at hand " and their dominance is unchallenged , or their Evil Empire will crumble .
The catalyst for our insight was the 1954 classic Japanese film Twenty - Four Eyes ( directed by Keisuke Kinoshita ) , the story of a rural Japanese teacher and her abiding ties to her first 12 students .
There are no combat scenes or bombs exploding ; like much of Japan , this remote island experienced no bombing raids .
The war was experienced second - hand ; only the arrival of the remains of young soldiers revealed the cost of the Empire 's ambitions .
Of the teacher 's six male students , three are killed in combat , as is her husband , while two return disfigured / crippled .
The Nazi propaganda machine was equally effective .
Our friend 's 92 - year old father , a German - speaking Romanian , fought on the Eastern Front in the German Army .
He has told us that before the war then he truly believed the National Socialist Party ( Nazis ) was the best choice for Germany .
He was not alone .
I Will Bear Witness 1942 - 1945 : A Diary of the Nazi Years offers a first - hand account of the final war years .
Even as bombs rained on their cities , the civilian populace was relentlessly pounded by magical thinking propaganda : that is , if we tell them " we 're winning , " then their belief will actually enable if not victory then a negotiated peace .
There are two related military analogies of our Financial Dictatorship 's desperate propaganda offensive on deflation and credit destruction :
The Battle of Leyte Gulf in the Pacific War , and the Battle of the Bulge in the European War .
Both were last - ditch offensives designed to gamble the last resources of the crumbling Empires on a victory so smashing that it would reverse their failing fortunes .
Both were well - planned and executed , and both very nearly succeeded .
Poor weather hindered the Allies ' air power from playing a decisive role in stopping the German advance .
In the Pacific , the Japanese succeeded in drawing Admiral Halsey 's main battle fleet north in a wild goose chase after the remaining Japanese aircraft carriers , while the main Japanese fleet of battleships and cruisers slipped toward the essentially defenseless American landing fleet .
Only a handful of thinly armored and lightly armed destroyers -- nicknamed " tin cans " -- stood between the American fleet 's light carriers and support craft , and the Japanese were poised to complete their bold plan : to destroy the entire American support fleet and foil the invasion of the Philippines .
Just as they 'd hoped , Halsey had taken the fast American aircraft carriers north , and so American air power was nowhere in sight .
As described by the recent book The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors : The U.S. Navy 's Finest Hour ( James D. Hornfischer ) , the handful of small destroyers launched a suicide attack on the incoming Japanese battleships .
This attack unnerved the Japanese commander , who suspected such an attack might presage a trap of some sort ; and so at the very door of victory he turned his fleet around .
By gambling their last resources on a bold offensive , the two Evil Empires sealed their fate .
Both offensives failed , and both decimated the Empire 's remaining assets .
Now the Fed and Treasury have thrown their last best assets -- trillions of dollars in newly created money , new Treasury bonds and trillions more in guarantees -- in a last - ditch offensive against debt / credit destruction .
They are also waging a relentless propaganda war on the American public , trying to convince them that the last decade of exponential - credit - expansion " prosperity " is sustainable .
One of their chief weapons is the stock market " rally " which is being supported by their Financial Dictatorship allies in China , Japan and Europe , all of whom have similarly thrown their last best assets into the " final battle " for victory .
Thus global stock markets are moving upward in a manufactured perfect unison .
Beneath the screaming propaganda campaign declaring victory , the financial casualties mount : 5 million homes in the foreclosure pipeline , 16 % unemployment , household wealth down a third , credit card write - offs are surging and not a single driver of future growth in sight .
The propaganda machine touts all sorts of nonsense : nanotechnology !
Does anyone spouting this really know what a molecular foundry even does , and how limited the industrial base and scope of such technology may be ?
If nanotechnology comes to fruition , it will be in coatings and the like which are applied in automated factories with few workers , or scaled up and manufactured in Asia .
Even Warren Buffett is part of the propaganda machine .
Like the veteran commander trotted out to inspire the home audience , Buffett announces " it 's a good time to buy stocks " and " the worst is over " even as the calamity has barely gotten underway .
I suspect Buffett got " The Call " last year from Hank Paulson : you know , the one begging him to go public with some heartening statement because his stature would reassure a wavering public .
He undoubtedly received The Call this year , too -- perhaps it was the President himself , or Geithner .
We need your help , Mr. Buffett : please reassure the public once again that magical thinking will work , and that believing it is so will make it so .
Sorry , Financial Dictatorship : the weather has turned , and reality is preparing a counterattack on your magical thinking propaganda offensive .
Reality is gathering its forces and your pathetic " charm offensive " will be revealed for what it is -- blatant propaganda -- within the next 12 months .
Saying it is so does not make it so .
Permanent link : Propaganda , Magical Thinking and Failed Offensives
If you want more troubling / revolutionary / annoying analysis , please read Free eBook now available : HTML version : Survival + : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation ( PDF version ( 111 pages ) : Survival + )
" Your book is truly a revolutionary act . " Kenneth R .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Jean J. ( $ 15 ) , for your most generous donation to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Nobody loves to show off their beauty more than female celebrities .
You can find them dressed to the teeth on any red carpet Hollywood has to offer .
There are a few , however , who do n’t mind dressing down for a job .
It ’s amazing to see how plain ( and sometimes scary ) movies can make some of the most gorgeous women on earth .
Let ’s face it , making most Hollywood beauties look bad cannot be an easy job .
Here are six chicks who showed their ugly duckling side , along with pictures of the way we prefer seeing them .
Rachel Leigh Cook in “ She ’s All That ”
Donning some baggy clothes to hide her awesome body and growing a uni-brow that almost rivals that of Frida Kahlo , Rachel transformed herself into boring plain jane Laney Boggs for this 1999 romantic comedy .
The way we prefer Rachel :
Brittany Murphy in “ Clueless ”
An almost unknown Brittany Murphy played Tai in the 1995 air head flick “ Clueless ” .
Half way through the movie , her character is given a make over , and we discover she ’s female .
The way we prefer Brittany :
Sandra Bullock in “ Miss Congeniality ”
Sandra went above and beyond the call of duty in 2000 ’s “ Miss Congeniality ” .
Not only did she wear men ’s clothes and not shave her legs , she also can be witnessed gulping beer , letting food fall from her mouth and snorting while she laughs .
The way we prefer Sandra :
Drew Barrymore in “ Never Been Kissed ”
Drew portrays a chubby , insecure , fashion impaired reporter who ’s posing as a high school student in the 1999 movie “ Never Been Kissed ” .
Of course , she gets herself a makeover before it ’s all over with .
Before that point , however , you ’ve really got to look twice to believe it ’s Drew .
The way we prefer Drew :
Anne Hathaway in “ The Princess Diaries ”
Sleek , graceful Anne Hathaway has been called the Audrey Hepburn of her generation .
In Disney ’s 2001 “ The Princess Diaries ” , however , it ’s easier to compare her to a cross between Bozo the Clown and Oscar the Grouch .
The way we prefer Anne :
Charlize Theron in “ Monster ”
In probably one of the most dramatic transformations from beauty to beast , Charlize Theron did more than dress down for her role as Aileen Wuornos in 2003 ’s “ Monster ” .
She also gained thirty pounds .
The way we prefer Charlize :
REDMOND , Wash .
 Qi
Lu knows as well as anyone just how difficult it is to take on Google .
For nearly a decade , Mr. Lu played a leading role in building Yahoo ’s Internet search and advertising technologies .
The effort was so important that Yahoo backed it with billions of dollars to acquire companies , hire armies of engineers and develop and run its own systems .
Yet Yahoo fell further and further behind and many analysts said the company was simply outgunned by Google .
Mr. Lu , who is 47 , left Yahoo 14 months ago , but now finds himself once again leading the charge against Google .
This time , he is backed by a patron that vows to spend even more than Yahoo did on the mission : Microsoft .
“ It ’s an unfinished mission that I would like to work on , ” he said .
The challenge for Mr. Lu and his team remains enormous , and success appears improbable .
But since Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft ’s chief executive , tapped him to become president of the company ’s online services division in December , Mr. Lu , a self - effacing engineer who is one of the most private and atypical executives in the upper ranks of the Internet industry , has earned the confidence of Microsoft ’s troops and helped to bring a dose of optimism to a beaten - down team .
Possessing unusual stamina and a maniacal work ethic , he has pushed his team hard to give Microsoft an important victory .
In nightly 9:30 meetings over several weeks , he leaned on his managers to find creative ways to structure a sweeping and complex partnership with Yahoo .
The deal , signed in July , will give Microsoft something it has coveted for years : a vastly larger audience that will make Bing , its search engine , the runner - up to Google .
Pornography and the Bible : Can Christians View Porn ?
by Rich Deem
Introduction
The Bible does not specifically address the issue of viewing pornography , since it did n't really exist at the time the books of the Bible were written .
So , does this mean that it is allowable as a " freedom in Christ " issue ?
Can we discern a clear moral teaching based upon what the Bible teaches about other sexual sins ?
Prohibited sex
Several specific sexual acts are forbidden in the Bible .
Among these are homosexuality , 1 bestiality ( sex with animals ) , 2 and incest ( sexual relations with close family members , including your mother , sister , niece , aunt , daughter - in - law , and sister - in - law ) , 3 fornication ( sexual relations outside of marriage ) 4 and adultery ( sexual relations with another person 's spouse ) , 5 rape ( forced sex ) , 6 and orgies .
7
To emphasize the seriousness of these kinds of offenses , the penalty was death .
8
All of these categories are abundantly represented in pornographic offerings .
The only acceptable form of sexual expression — between a married husband and wife — is virtually absent .
So , virtually all the acts pornography depicts are prohibited in the Bible .
Obviously , one should not be participating in such acts , even vicariously .
Acts of the mind
Christianity is not just about avoiding sinful physical acts , but also about mental purity .
Actually , this idea did not begin with Christianity , but originated from Judaism , the belief system from which Christianity arose .
The Decalogue ( 10 commandments ) first delineates the requirement of mental purity :
" You shall not covet your neighbor 's house ; you shall not covet your neighbor 's wife or his male servant or his female servant or his ox or his donkey or anything that belongs to your neighbor . "
( Exodus 20:17 )
So , the prohibition against coveting specifically prohibits desiring another man 's wife .9 Jesus specifically addressed the question of lusting after a women who was n't one 's wife , equating it with the physical act of adultery :
" You have heard that it was said , ' YOU SHALL NOT COMMIT ADULTERY ' ; but I say to you that everyone who looks at a woman with lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart .
If your right eye makes you stumble , tear it out and throw it from you ; for it is better for you to lose one of the parts of your body , than for your whole body to be thrown into hell .
( Matthew 5:27 - 29 )
The prohibition against lust is found throughout the New Testament ,10 which says that such desires " wage war against the soul .
" 11 James gives an analogy of lust to procreation , in which lust conceives and gives birth to sin , which results in death .
12
Of course , the goal of pornography is to elicit lust , which makes its consumption a form of sin .
Renew your mind
The Bible makes it clear that our thoughts are subject to the scrutiny of God.13
It tells us that we are to keep our mind on the things above , not on the things of the earth .
14 Instead of thinking about things of the flesh , which results in spiritual death , Christians are to set our minds on spiritual matters .
15
The mind set on fleshly desires cannot please God , but eventually becomes defiled as the conscience becomes seared .
15 , 16 The viewing of pornography by Christians results in a mind that is focused on lust and fleshly desires , instead of on the things of God .
The goal of the Christian is to not conform to the desires of the world , but to be transformed by Christ through the renewing of our minds , so that we can do the perfect will of God.17
Your body is not yours
Christians are to avoid all forms of sexual sin , since the Christian 's body is indwelt by the Holy Spirit .18
Paul says that the body is meant for the Lord and not for sexual immorality .
19 Since Christians are redeemed ( bought back with a price — which was the sacrifice of Jesus Christ ) we no longer " own " our bodies , since they have been purchased by God.20
Not only are Christians to avoid sexual sins , but we are to avoid those who claim to be Christians , yet practice such things .
21 The Bible says that those who are sexually immoral are separated from God and will not share in God 's inheritance upon death .
22
Conclusion
Pornography is a big problem in the Christian Church , because it results in Christians who are double - minded 23 — wanting to have one foot in heaven and the other in hell .
Pornography is so insidious because it destroys our purity of mind and makes our consciences corrupt , being unable to discern the true will of God .
For one who is married , pornography is tantamount to adultery , since Jesus said one who " looks at a woman with lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart . "
The Bible says that we the temple of the Holy Spirit and that we are to be transformed by the experience — to renew our minds to know the perfect will of God for our lives .
And do not be conformed to this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind , so that you may prove what the will of God is , that which is good and acceptable and perfect .
( Romans 12:2 )
Related Pages
References
Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God ?
Do not be deceived : Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders ( 1 Corinthians 6:9 )
Before they had gone to bed , all the men from every part of the city of Sodom - - both young and old - - surrounded the house .
They called to Lot , " Where are the men who came to you tonight ?
Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them . "
Lot went outside to meet them and shut the door behind him and said , " No , my friends .
Do n't do this wicked thing .
( Genesis 19:4 - 7 )
While they were enjoying themselves , some of the wicked men of the city surrounded the house .
Pounding on the door , they shouted to the old man who owned the house , " Bring out the man who came to your house so we can have sex with him . "
The owner of the house went outside and said to them , " No , my friends , do n't be so vile .
Since this man is my guest , do n't do this disgraceful thing .
( Judges 19:22 - 23 )
In a similar way , Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to sexual immorality and perversion .
They serve as an example of those who suffer the punishment of eternal fire .
( Jude 1:7 )
Therefore God gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another .
They exchanged the truth of God for a lie , and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator - - who is forever praised .
Amen .
Because of this , God gave them over to shameful lusts .
Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones .
In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another .
Men committed indecent acts with other men , and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion .
( Romans 1:24 - 27 ) " Anyone who has sexual relations with an animal must be put to death .
( Exodus 22:19 )
" Cursed is the man who has sexual relations with any animal . "
Then all the people shall say , " Amen ! " ( Deuteronomy 27:21 ) " ' No one is to approach any close relative to have sexual relations .
I am the LORD .
Do not dishonor your father by having sexual relations with your mother .
She is your mother ; do not have relations with her .
Do not have sexual relations with your father 's wife ; that would dishonor your father .
Do not have sexual relations with your sister , either your father 's daughter or your mother 's daughter , whether she was born in the same home or elsewhere .
Do not have sexual relations with your son's daughter or your daughter 's daughter ; that would dishonor you .
Do not have sexual relations with the daughter of your father 's wife , born to your father ; she is your sister .
Do not have sexual relations with your father 's sister ; she is your father 's close relative .
Do not have sexual relations with your mother 's sister , because she is your mother 's close relative .
Do not dishonor your father 's brother by approaching his wife to have sexual relations ; she is your aunt .
Do not have sexual relations with your daughter - in - law .
She is your son's wife ; do not have relations with her .
Do not have sexual relations with your brother 's wife ; that would dishonor your brother .
Do not have sexual relations with both a woman and her daughter .
Do not have sexual relations with either her son's daughter or her daughter 's daughter ; they are her close relatives .
That is wickedness .
Do not take your wife 's sister as a rival wife and have sexual relations with her while your wife is living . ' "
( Leviticus 18:6 - 18 )
" Cursed is the man who sleeps with his sister , the daughter of his father or the daughter of his mother . "
Then all the people shall say , " Amen ! " Cursed is the man who sleeps with his mother - in - law . "
Then all the people shall say , " Amen ! " ( Deuteronomy 27:22 - 23 )
" For out of the heart come evil thoughts , murders , adulteries , fornications , thefts , false witness , slanders .
( Matthew 15:19 )
" For from within , out of the heart of men , proceed the evil thoughts , fornications , thefts , murders , adulteries , ( Mark 7:21 )
" You are doing the deeds of your father . "
They said to Him , " We were not born of fornication ; we have one Father , even God . " ( John 8:41 )
but that we write to them that they abstain from things contaminated by idols and from fornication and from what is strangled and from blood .
( Acts 15:20 )
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols and from blood and from things strangled and from fornication ; if you keep yourselves free from such things , you will do well .
Farewell . "
( Acts 15:29 )
" But concerning the Gentiles who have believed , we wrote , having decided that they should abstain from meat sacrificed to idols and from blood and from what is strangled and from fornication . "
( Acts 21:25 )
Or do you not know that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God ?
Do not be deceived ; neither fornicators , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor effeminate , nor homosexuals , ( 1 Corinthians 6:9 )
Let marriage be held in honor among all , and let the marriage bed be undefiled ; for fornicators and adulterers God will judge .
( Hebrews 13:4 ) " You shall not commit adultery .
( Exodus 20:14 )
" You shall not commit adultery .
( Deuteronomy 5:18 )
" You shall not covet your neighbor 's wife .
You shall not set your desire on your neighbor 's house or land , his manservant or maidservant , his ox or donkey , or anything that belongs to your neighbor . "
( Deuteronomy 5:21 )
" ' Do not have sexual relations with your neighbor 's wife and defile yourself with her .
( Leviticus 18:20 )
But a man who commits adultery lacks judgment ; whoever does so destroys himself .
( Proverbs 6:32 ) But if out in the country a man happens to meet a girl pledged to be married and rapes her , only the man who has done this shall die .
( Deuteronomy 22:25 )
Let us behave decently , as in the daytime , not in orgies and drunkenness , not in sexual immorality and debauchery , not in dissension and jealousy .
( Romans 13:13 )
The acts of the sinful nature are obvious : sexual immorality , impurity and debauchery ; idolatry and witchcraft ; hatred , discord , jealousy , fits of rage , selfish ambition , dissensions , factions and envy ; drunkenness , orgies , and the like .
I warn you , as I did before , that those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of God. ( Galatians 5:19 - 21 )
For you have spent enough time in the past doing what pagans choose to do -- living in debauchery , lust , drunkenness , orgies , carousing and detestable idolatry .
( 1 Peter 4:3 ) " ' If a man commits adultery with another man 's wife -- with the wife of his neighbor - - both the adulterer and the adulteress must be put to death .
If a man sleeps with his father 's wife , he has dishonored his father .
Both the man and the woman must be put to death ; their blood will be on their own heads .
If a man sleeps with his daughter - in - law , both of them must be put to death .
What they have done is a perversion ; their blood will be on their own heads .
If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman , both of them have done what is detestable .
They must be put to death ; their blood will be on their own heads .
If a man marries both a woman and her mother , it is wicked .
Both he and they must be burned in the fire , so that no wickedness will be among you .
If a man has sexual relations with an animal , he must be put to death , and you must kill the animal .
If a woman approaches an animal to have sexual relations with it , kill both the woman and the animal .
They must be put to death ; their blood will be on their own heads .
If a man marries his sister , the daughter of either his father or his mother , and they have sexual relations , it is a disgrace .
They must be cut off before the eyes of their people .
He has dishonored his sister and will be held responsible .
If a man lies with a woman during her monthly period and has sexual relations with her , he has exposed the source of her flow , and she has also uncovered it .
Both of them must be cut off from their people .
Do not have sexual relations with the sister of either your mother or your father , for that would dishonor a close relative ; both of you would be held responsible .
If a man sleeps with his aunt , he has dishonored his uncle .
They will be held responsible ; they will die childless .
If a man marries his brother 's wife , it is an act of impurity ; he has dishonored his brother .
They will be childless . ' "
( Leviticus 20:10 - 21 ) ' You shall not covet your neighbor 's wife , and you shall not desire your neighbor 's house , his field or his male servant or his female servant , his ox or his donkey or anything that belongs to your neighbor . '
( Deuteronomy 5:21 ) Therefore
God gave them over in the lusts of their hearts to impurity , so that their bodies would be dishonored among them ...
For this reason
God gave them over to degrading passions ; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural , and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another , men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error .
( Romans 1:24 - 27 )
Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body so that you obey its lusts , and do not go on presenting the members of your body to sin as instruments of unrighteousness ; but present yourselves to God as those alive from the dead , and your members as instruments of righteousness to God . ( Romans 6:12 - 13 )
Now flee from youthful lusts and pursue righteousness , faith , love and peace , with those who call on the Lord from a pure heart .
( 2 Timothy 2:22 )
For we also once were foolish ourselves , disobedient , deceived , enslaved to various lusts and pleasures , spending our life in malice and envy , hateful , hating one another .
( Titus 3:3 )
As obedient children , do not be conformed to the former lusts which were yours in your ignorance , ( 1 Peter 1:14 )
For the time already past is sufficient for you to have carried out the desire of the Gentiles , having pursued a course of sensuality , lusts , drunkenness , carousing , drinking parties and abominable idolatries .
( 1 Peter 4:3 )
These are grumblers , finding fault , following after their own lusts ; they speak arrogantly , flattering people for the sake of gaining an advantage .
( Jude 1:16 )
For speaking out arrogant words of vanity they entice by fleshly desires , by sensuality , those who barely escape from the ones who live in error , ( 2 Peter 2:18 )
Among them we too all formerly lived in the lusts of our flesh , indulging the desires of the flesh and of the mind , and were by nature children of wrath , even as the rest .
( Ephesians 2:3 ) Beloved , I urge you as aliens and strangers to abstain from fleshly lusts which wage war against the soul .
( 1 Peter 2:11 ) But each one is tempted when he is carried away and enticed by his own lust .
Then when lust has conceived , it gives birth to sin ; and when sin is accomplished , it brings forth death .
( James 1:14 - 15 ) " I , the LORD , search the heart , I test the mind , Even to give to each man according to his ways , According to the results of his deeds .
( Jeremiah 17:10 )
' And I will kill her children with pestilence , and all the churches will know that I am He who searches the minds and hearts ; and I will give to each one of you according to your deeds .
( Revelation 2:23 )
Set your mind on the things above , not on the things that are on earth .
( Colossians 3:2 )
For those who are according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh , but those who are according to the Spirit , the things of the Spirit .
For the mind set on the flesh is death , but the mind set on the Spirit is life and peace , because the mind set on the flesh is hostile toward God ; for it does not subject itself to the law of God , for it is not even able to do so , and those who are in the flesh cannot please God .
( Romans 8:5-8 )
To the pure , all things are pure ; but to those who are defiled and unbelieving , nothing is pure , but both their mind and their conscience are defiled .
( Titus 1:15 )
And do not be conformed to this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind , so that you may prove what the will of God is , that which is good and acceptable and perfect .
( Romans 12:2 ) Do you not know that you are a temple of God , and that the Spirit of God dwells in you ?
If any man destroys the temple of God , God will destroy him , for the temple of God is holy , and that is what you are .
( 1 Corinthians 3:16 - 17 ) " Food for the stomach and the stomach for food " -- but God will destroy them both .
The body is not meant for sexual immorality , but for the Lord , and the Lord for the body .
( 1 Corinthians 6:13 ) Flee from sexual immorality .
All other sins a man commits are outside his body , but he who sins sexually sins against his own body .
Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit , who is in you , whom you have received from God ?
You are not your own ; you were bought at a price .
Therefore honor God with your body .
( 1 Corinthians 6:18 - 20 ) I have written you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people -- not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral , or the greedy and swindlers , or idolaters .
In that case you would have to leave this world .
But now I am writing you that you must not associate with anyone who calls himself a brother but is sexually immoral or greedy , an idolater or a slanderer , a drunkard or a swindler .
With such a man do not even eat .
( 1 Corinthians 5:9- 11 )
The acts of the sinful nature are obvious : sexual immorality , impurity and debauchery ; idolatry and witchcraft ; hatred , discord , jealousy , fits of rage , selfish ambition , dissensions , factions and envy ; drunkenness , orgies , and the like .
I warn you , as I did before , that those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of God. ( Galatians 5:19 - 21 )
Be imitators of God , therefore , as dearly loved children and live a life of love , just as Christ loved us and gave himself up for us as a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God .
But among you there must not be even a hint of sexual immorality , or of any kind of impurity , or of greed , because these are improper for God 's holy people .
Nor should there be obscenity , foolish talk or coarse joking , which are out of place , but rather thanksgiving .
For of this you can be sure :
No immoral , impure or greedy person -- such a man is an idolater -- has any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God . ( Ephesians 5:1-5 )
Put to death , therefore , whatever belongs to your earthly nature : sexual immorality , impurity , lust , evil desires and greed , which is idolatry .
Because of these , the wrath of God is coming .
( Colossians 3:5-6 )
It is God 's will that you should be sanctified : that you should avoid sexual immorality ; that each of you should learn to control his own body in a way that is holy and honorable , not in passionate lust like the heathen , who do not know God ; and that in this matter no one should wrong his brother or take advantage of him .
The Lord will punish men for all such sins , as we have already told you and warned you .
For God did not call us to be impure , but to live a holy life .
( 1 Thessalonians 4:3-7 )
Marriage should be honored by all , and the marriage bed kept pure , for God will judge the adulterer and all the sexually immoral .
( Hebrews 13:4 )
He who overcomes will inherit all this , and I will be his God and he will be my son .
But the cowardly , the unbelieving , the vile , the murderers , the sexually immoral , those who practice magic arts , the idolaters and all liars -- their place will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur .
This is the second death . "
( Revelation 21:7-8 )
" Blessed are those who wash their robes , that they may have the right to the tree of life and may go through the gates into the city .
Outside are the dogs , those who practice magic arts , the sexually immoral , the murderers , the idolaters and everyone who loves and practices falsehood .
" I , Jesus , have sent my angel to give you this testimony for the churches .
I am the Root and the Offspring of David , and the bright Morning Star . " ( Revelation 22:14 - 16 )
If any of you lacks wisdom , he should ask God , who gives generously to all without finding fault , and it will be given to him .
But when he asks , he must believe and not doubt , because he who doubts is like a wave of the sea , blown and tossed by the wind .
That man should not think he will receive anything from the Lord ; he is a double - minded man , unstable in all he does .
( James 1:5-8 )
Come near to God and he will come near to you .
Wash your hands , you sinners , and purify your hearts , you double - minded .
( James 4:8 )
Reflections
We are what we think .
Science News Flash
http://www.godandscience.org/doctrine/pornography_and_christians.html
Last Modified July 12 , 2010
Before introducing any legislation the Democrats hold hearings on the state of health care in this country .
They bring in the top health care industry executives and ask them to answer for these grave injustices and in efficiencies :
a . The practices of denying people care through rescission and denying people coverage because of pre-existing conditions .
Rescission is where insurance companies will let people die because of a technicality .
As soon as you have a serious , life - threatening condition ( in other words , an expensive one , the kind you bought insurance for ) , they will go back over your original forms and see if there is any way they can deny you coverage .
They have been known to deny treatment for cancer because someone did n't report they had acne -- literally .
Then the Democratic congressmen and senators would get on all of the cable shows and pronounce that they are shocked to find out that private health care insurance companies kill people for a profit in this country .
Of course , the reality is that they do .
In fact , it is their fiduciary responsibility to do so .
They must maximize profits , and in health care , one way to do so is to deny coverage for the most expensive treatments and conditions .
b. Then the Democrats would ask the CEOs of these companies how much money they make .
The CEO of UnitedHealth Group would have to concede that he has three quarters of a billion dollars in stock options .
Then a Democratic congressman would lean in toward his microphone with great gravity and ask , " You mean to tell me that you deny people the life - saving procedures they need because it costs too much money while you personally are set to make over $ 750 million ? "
c. Then you bring out family members of people who have died because they were denied insurance coverage either for pre-existing conditions or because an insurance company executive had found some technicality in their forms .
Ask them how it feels to go on without their loved ones and how they felt about the practice of rescission .
Finally , ask them how they feel about the millions of dollars the CEO of the company that denied the coverage makes .
d. Bring out the private insurance bureaucrats who deny people coverage on a regular basis .
Not just the people who practice rescission or find pre-existing conditions , but also the people who decide what procedures you can and cannot get based on your coverage .
Have them explain what bureaucratic standards they use to get between you and your doctor .
e. Bring out the accountants of these private health care companies and have them explain how much money they spend on overhead , advertising and executive salaries .
Ask them how much they have increased premiums over the last ten years -- the answer is a stunning 119 % .
Ask them to repeat how much money they spent on advertising and executive compensation .
f. Bring back the CEOs and show them pictures of the people who died because their companies would n't cover their medical expenses , as they had promised .
Then show them pictures of their own houses / mansions and yachts and jets .
And ask them , one simple question : " Was it worth it ? "
After the hearings announce with serious concern and appropriate gravity that something must be done about this !
The problem is undeniable and there has to be something that Congress can do to help protect the American people .
Introduce single - payer legislation .
Say that anything less would continue the rapacious system of private insurance for profit in this country .
You would n't leave fire protection in the hands of private bureaucrats who get to decide who lives or who dies based on how much money their CEO is going to make .
So , why would you do the same in health care coverage ?
No , it is an essential duty of the government to protect the well - being of their citizens .
Announce that you must do the will of the people by voting as a Democratic bloc .
The American people voted for 60 Democratic senators , and 60 Democratic senators they should have .
Anything else would be a slap in the face of democracy .
If they wanted the Republicans to be in charge , they could have easily voted that way .
If they wanted the Republicans to be able to block legislation with filibusters , they could have given them 41 senators .
But the American people in their infinite wisdom chose not to .
They chose to give the Democrats an unstoppable coalition so that they could bring the real change they were promised .
Treat the Republicans as the irrelevancy they are .
Let them cry in the corner , but under no circumstances should you allow the press to consider them a pertinent part of this debate .
Remind the press at every turn what they said and what they wrote when the Democrats were in the minority -- that the Republicans represented mainstream America and that the Democrats should not be covered because media coverage is about what will actually get done .
Now that the Democrats have much larger majorities than the Republicans ever had , the opposite must also be true -- Republicans are an irrelevant minority party and the Democrats are the mainstream .
If absolutely necessary , compromise with some of the more conservative ( read corporate controlled ) Democrats and settle for a public option .
Then make an enormous deal out of how reasonable and magnanimous you are for coming up with this middle ground approach .
Then brag about how you delivered on your promises , got the American people the change they voted for , and you still did it in a moderate and centrist way .
Now , back in the real world , we know that the Democrats would never have the fortitude to do things this way , but you have to wonder why .
What is missing in the politicians of this party that makes them incapable of putting together a strong argument for their own side ?
A spine or other body parts might be mentioned .
But how long can people go on voting for a party that they know is constitutionally weak and almost never does what they promise ?
Especially when we know it 's because they 're too timid to ?
But it 's not just a matter of having the courage of your convictions , you also have to question how savvy Democrats are .
Why have they not realized in all of these years how the media game is played ?
Can they not see that everything in politics is framing ?
That it 's not the answer , but the question that 's most important .
If you ask the question " can government run health care in this country ? " you 're having a different debate then if you ask the question " should we allow private health insurance companies to make decisions on who lives or dies based on how much profit they 're going to make ? " .
It 's all in the question .
So , I have one last one for the Democrats :
How long can you keep getting outplayed by the Republicans , not deliver on your promises and continue to ask for our votes ?
Watch The Young Turks Here
On Friday , Apple explained to the government why it blocked the Google Voice application from the iPhone App store .
Among other reasons , it cited privacy concerns and potential user confusion .
But the company will soon face another decision about an application that could well be construed to compete with one of its core businesses .
RealNetworks is preparing to submit an application that would allow the iPhone to connect to Real ’s Rhapsody music service .
Rhapsody , which is part - owned by Viacom ’s MTV Networks , allows members who pay $ 14.99 a month to listen to nearly any song they choose on a computer or on a compatible portable player .
Until now , however , the service has not worked on iPods or iPhones .
The new application will let users listen to songs that are streamed over a Wi -Fi network or over a cellular data connection .
It offers the ability to select songs by searching for them , play existing playlists created on a computer and make new playlists .
If users want to purchase a permanent version of any song , the application links to Apple ’s iTunes application , where it can be downloaded .
While this application might drive some sales for Apple , the company might also see it as direct competition to iTunes .
After all , if you like streaming on demand , you may not need to buy as much music .
There are no on - demand music service applications currently available for the iPhone .
There are a number of video streaming applications that both offer music videos and some television programs that Apple sells on iTunes .
And there are many Internet radio applications , such as Pandora , that play songs streamed over the air .
While those applications let users pick styles and genres of music , they ca n’t play individual songs .
Neil Smith , Rhapsody ’s vice president of business management , said he expects that Apple will approve the application .
“ The app store is likely to be bigger than the music store some day , and not approving things for the app store is giving people a reason to say , ‘ I ’m not going to buy an iPhone , ’ ” he said .
Mr. Smith said that while Real did have conversations in advance about the application with Apple officials , it received no indication whether it would be approved .
“ They said , ‘ Submit it and see what happens , ’ ” he said .
Real and Apple have had a contentious history .
In 2004 , Real introduced technology meant to circumvent Apple ’s proprietary copy protection systems so that Real could sell protected music that could be played on an iPod .
Apple said Real adopted “ the tactics and ethics of a hacker to break into the iPod , ” and it quickly modified its software to thwart Real ’s service .
While Rhapsody competes with iTunes , the two companies also do business together .
Real ’s game software division has many iPhone applications for sale in the iTunes store .
But Apple has not let close ties with other companies prevent it from rejecting iPhone applications .
It turned down the Google Voice application and a Google Maps application while Eric Schmidt , Google ’s chief executive , was on its board of directors .
( He subsequently resigned . )
Apple ’s public relations department has not responded to several e-mails asking for comment on the Rhapsody application .
Following on from channam ’s Memcached in 2 minutes , I ’ve been working on a decorator to make life even simpler than this , memorised .
The most popular use - case for using memcached in Python apps is to cache the return value of a function or method .
Over and over again you ’ll find yourself doing something like :
mc = memcached .
Client ( [ ' localhost:11211 ' ] ) def get_something ( mc=mc ) : value = mc.get ( ' something ' ) if value is not None : return value else : # Do something else ... return ' hello world '
So in the interests of DRY , why not reduce that down to a reusable pattern ?
We can do this using a decorator , to replace our function with a function that instead checks for the existance of some sort of key , returns the value , otherwise delegates to the actual function for output ( and then caches this output back into memcache ) .
The simplest way to add reusable implementations of patterns such as these onto existing functions in Python is to use a decorator , effectively a function wrapper that replaces ( or returns a replacement ) function in place of the original call .
How does this help ?
Well using this we can intercept a call to the decorated function , generate a signature for use as a key in memcache , check if the item is available in the cache , if so return that , otherwise grab the output from the function , pop it into memcache using our generated key , and finally return this value .
The biggest challenge we face is generating the unique ( at least to that particularly function call ) key to reference in memcache .
The way I ’ve found best to do this is to use a combination of module , class name and key attributes ( if it ’s a method of an instance or decorated with @classmethod ) , function name , and call arguments , in this form : < module > . < class > [ < key attributes > ] ::(< arguments > )
In order to do this we need information about both the arguments , and if it ’s a method we also need information about the class the method is bound to .
Ordinarily these are both easy tasks using the inspect module , and the im_self attribute ( funnily enough , referencing self ) that bound methods contain .
However , a quick explanation of how the @< decorator > shortcut tag works , and indeed how decorators work , reveals a slight kink in this assumption .
For example take the following :
class Test : @testfunc def test ( self , arg1 ) : pass
This simple bit of syntactic sugar is actually equal in functionality to the following ( which is how you had to do it before Python 2.4 , see PEP - 318 ) :
class Test : def test ( self , arg1 ) : pass test = testfunc( test )
To explain further , as I said before , decorators are just function which take other function instances and wrap around or replace them , and they are applied at the time of definition , and not as you might think at first calltime .
This is the reason the decorator function returns a function , as it is first called and instanced at this point , but any arguments to the function it is wrapping are passed at call time as a call to the function returned by the decorator .
If this confuses you , do n’t worry , it ’s not actually that important right now , except for the fact that because the function instance is not passed in at calltime , it means it is not bound , and loses it ’s frame ( e.g. how it is called , from which instance etc . ) .
This means we can no longer use im_self and several of the class functions in the inspect module .
What we can do however is cheat and use the fact that bound methods always pass in their bound object instance or class instance as the first argument of a call , the ‘ self ’ argument .
memorised.decorators.memorise( ) uses the following trick , to first check if ‘ self ’ or ‘ cls ’ ( the standard first parameter of an @classmethod ) is there , and then using the *args list of passed in arguments to access the first parameter and grab either .__class__._name for an object instance ’s class name or .
__name__ for class instances :
# Get the list of arg names from func_code argnames = fn.func_code.co_varnames[:fn.func_code.co_argcount ] . . . if classmethod : # Get the class name from the cls argument class_name = args [ 0 ] .
__name__ else : #
Get the class name from the self argument class_name = args [ 0]
.__class__.__name__
By then merging * args and ** kwargs , we can build a hash key of this particular function call .
Next just create a handy MD5 hash of this string using hashlib.md5 , and then do our memcache , checks pretty much as above in the first example .
Using memorise ( ) to replace the first example , we get :
mc = memcached .
Client ( [ ' localhost:11211 ' ] ) @ memorise ( mc=mc ) def get_something ( ) : return ' hello world '
Notice I ’m still defining the mc variable to be a memcached .
Client instance , memorise ( ) does handle do this itself , either by using the default localhost : 11211 server setting or by accepting a list of servers ( via an argument named ‘ mc_servers ’ ) .
However , this is n’t ideal as the memcached .
Client instance would be created every time a function definition is decorated with memorise ( ) ( which could be lots ) , so best to pass an instance in each time .
Not to mention the fact using dependency injection like this over any other way of keeping the instance ( e.g. singleton ) is much cleaner .
Another point of interest is that we need to always include the call parenthesis even when not passing in any arguments to memorise ( ) , e.g. @memorise ( ) and not @memorise , as you would expect from decorators such as @classmethod .
This is best of the way arguments are passed to both a decorator , and then to the function being decorated .
There are workarounds for this problem , but up until now I have n’t seen one that can be used with class - based decorators ( which memorise ( ) is ) .
I hope to solve this in a future release , so expect a follow up post on using optional arguments with class - based decorators sometime in the near future .
Finally I ’ll finish with a more realistic example of using this to decorate methods on a Django Model :
class BlogUser ( User ) : objects = UserManager ( ) def __unicode__( self ) : return u' %s ' self.get_full_name( ) ; @property @memorise(parent_keys= [ 'id ' ] , mc=mc ) def posts ( self ) : Post.objects.filter(creator=self )
Get Your Big Bang On !
You ’ve reached T - shirt Nerdvana !
Here at SheldonShirts.com , we ’ve collected all the best t- shirts worn by Sheldon and Leonard on The Big Bang Theory , plus Howard ’s belt buckles , some shirts we think Sheldon and Leonard should wear , cool stuff seen on the show ( Periodic Table shower curtain , anyone ? ) , some of our favorite Sheldon quotes and lots more .
Find out where to buy your favorite tee shirts !
Featured Tee – Council of Ladies
Shledon ’s Council of Ladies – Mens T - Shirt | Sheldon ’s Council of Ladies – Women ’s Tee
Looking for official Big Bang Theory merchandise ?
Stylin Online has officially licensed t- shirts , hoodies , hats , belts and everything else you can imagine !
Not just for Big Bang Theory either , all the Super Hero , Movie , Television and Music gear is there .
They boast the largest selection around so head on over and find that perfect piece !
The Neocons , the BNP and the Islamophobia Network
Tom Griffin , 17 September 2009
Events in London in recent weeks have highlighted the growing collusion between American neoconservatives and the European far right in stirring up hatred of Muslims .
Richard Bartholomew has details of a meeting at the George Restaurant in east London in August attended by Jihad Watch ’s Robert Spencer and Douglas Murray of the Centre for Social Cohesion at the invitation of the Christian Action Network .
Also invited were the English Defence League , the group responsible for a number of recent violent anti-Muslim protests .
Robert Spencer says on his blog that he and Murray refused to meet with the EDL , and cites Adrian Morgan as a witness to this version of events .
But the presence of Morgan , who did meet the EDL , is itself evidence of the emerging relationship between the neocons and the far - right .
Morgan is a contributing editor to Family Security Matters , which has been described as a front for the Center for Security Policy , a Washington think - tank run by the ultra- neoconservative Frank Gaffney .
He is also the author of Western Resistance , a defunct blog on which he laid out his view of the BNP :
I am slightly ambivalent about the British National Party , on account of its racist past .
Nowadays , under the leadership of Nick Griffin , a skilled politician , the racist agenda has become replaced by an agenda which is highly focused against Islam .
With this aspect of its policies , I am in agreement .
Islam poses a more serious threat to every aspect of British democracy than anything previously encountered .
( via the Internet Archive )
Ambivalent or not , Morgan ’s interest in the BNP is reciprocated , according to Searchlight Magazine , which reported in 2007 on the efforts of BNP idealogue Alan Goodacre to tap support from right wing bloggers :
Goodacre also stated his intention to try and gain the help of Adrian Morgan who writes regularly for the Western Resistance website and has previously contributed to The Guardian and New Scientist and was once a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Society .
Morgan also contributes to the “ Islam Watch ” website – “ Islam under scrutiny by ex-Muslims ” – which would explain Goodacre ’s interest in him .
It might also be explained by Morgan ’s membership of the 910 Group , an offshoot of the Center for Vigilant Freedom ( CVF ) , which ran the CounterJihad Europa conference in October 2007 .
Among those speaking alongside Robert Spencer at this Brussels event were representatives of European far - right parties such as Filip Dewinter of the Vlaams Belang and Ted Ekeroth of the Sweden Democrats .
The CVF ’s Christine Brim suggested in November 2007 that the strategy of embracing such parties could be extended to Jean - Marie Le Pen and the BNP :
We suggest looking for the possible movement of Le Pen ’s political party Front National towards the center - right , as they may change their platform to pro-active support to improve the situations of European Jews and Israel .
The same trend is happening in Austria , and with the BNP in the UK ( also not invited and did not attend the conference ) .
If such parties specifically state pro-Israel positions , and take real actions opposing anti-semitism and disavowing previous positions – and reach out to Jewish constituents and encourage Jewish participation in party positions – these are real actions to observe , and to approve .
They have not done this yet – but are starting .
( via the Internet Archive )
Indeed they were .
Alan Goodacre had written to the Jewish Chronicle in 2006 ( much to the bemusement of its readers ) :
We hope that our future behaviour may in time bring you to understand that our repudiation of antisemitism is genuine .
We are the only party in Britain that is truly serious about fighting the Islamofascist threat .
Morgan , Brim and Goodacre have each employed the same sleight of hand , attempting to present the embrace of Islamophobia as some kind of atonement for anti-semitism , rather than another manifestation of the same underlying racism .
If this strategy seems crude , it may yet take neo -fascist Gianfranco Fini to the Italian premiership .
Time Magazine describes the process :
To fulfill his big ambitions , Fini understood in the early 1990s that he had to distance himself from his past .
Eventually , he came to believe that the shortest path from marginal Mussolini nostalgic to mainstream political power was unwavering support for the state of Israel .
The decisive moment came when Fini traveled to Israel in November 2003 , declaring his affection for the Jewish state and his “ shame ” for Italy ’s racial laws under fascism .
The following year , Silvio Berlusconi made him foreign minister , where the longtime leader of the National Alliance party stood out amongst his European partners for his pro-Israel policy .
This conversion even impressed some on the ‘ Decent Left ‘ .
Harry ’s Place wrote of Fini :
He is pro-European Union and pro-US – neither of which fit easy with the claim that he is still a fascist .
After September 11 , AN posters across Italy declared ‘ Solidarity with the United States ’ – Italian fascists despise the US for obvious historical reasons .
He is also explicitly in favour of capitalism and the free market .
Again this is a break not only with old style Italian corporatist fascism but also the later post - war concept of the ’ social right ’ which believed in large scale state ownership and nationalisation etc .
AN also supported the liberation of Iraq , a position that I am not aware of any of Europe ’s genuine fascists taking .
As Time noted “ having “ Israel ” stamped in your passport and publicly condemning anti-Semitism cannot alone remove lingering doubts about extremist tendencies . ”
Yet the attempt to prove otherwise has some influential backers .
In addition to being a key player in the CVF , and secretary of another counter - jihad outfit , the International Free Press Society , Christine Brim is a senior vice - president at Frank Gaffney ’s Washington think - tank , the Center for Security Policy ( CSP ) , and director of its Victory Coalition Fund , an incubator for anti-Islamist projects .
The CSP is open about its involvement in political warfare and even has a vice - president for information operations who blogs on the subject .
Its General Counsel David Yerushalmi heads up the Society of Americans for National Existence , whose material found its way into last year ’s Policy Exchange briefing against the Global Peace and Unity event in London .
Gaffney ’s sister Devon Cross , a member of the CSP advisory council , heads up the Policy Forum on International Security Affairs , a neoconservative briefing operation for European journalists which was run for some time out of Annabel ’s nightclub in Mayfair .
The CSP and the Policy Forum have been endorsed by some of America ’s wealthiest conservative foundations .
The Philanthropy Roundtable recommended both organisations in its 2006 publication , The Struggle Against Radical Islam : A Donor ’s Guide ( pdf ) which criticised the US Government for failing to develop political warfare and public diplomacy programmes modelled on those of the Cold War , and called on private sector donors to fill the gap .
Neoconservatives had repeatedly come up against resistance in attempting to run political warfare programmes through their powerbase at the Pentagon during the Bush administration .
One such proposal was leaked to the New York Times in 2004 :
Pentagon and military officials directly involved in the debate say that such a secret propaganda program , for example , could include planting news stories in the foreign press or creating false documents and Web sites translated into Arabic as an effort to discredit and undermine the influence of mosques and religious schools that preach anti-American principles .
Some of those are in the Middle Eastern and South Asian countries like Pakistan , still considered a haven for operatives of Al Qaeda .
But such a campaign could reach even to allied countries like Germany , for example , where some mosques have become crucibles for Islamic militancy and anti-Americanism .
A private sector version of that strategy is clearly visible in the smears and secret briefings directed at British mosques , a campaign which has now taken a step further with the recent wave of street protests by provocateurs like the BNP - connected English Defence League and the Counter - Jihad Europa affiliate Stop the Islamisation of Europe .
Communities Minister John Denham last week announced plans to address issues alienating white , working - class people at risk of being exploited by the far - right .
If that approach is to succeed , the wealthy right - wing propagandists who are actively trying to set working - class communities against each other must be exposed .
I hate chick lit and get bored with torture porn , but it turns out that putting the two of them together creates the proverbial peanut butter chocolate awesomeness .
If you eat Jennifer 's Body like weird candy , it works .
Spoilers ahead !
Advertisement
Jennifer 's
Body is as simple as chocolate - spiked spit and as complicated as you want it to be .
I like that in a movie .
Here 's the simple part : Nice , nerdy Needy ( the awesome Amanda Seyfried from Big Love ) is BFFs with the bitchy hottie Jennifer ( Megan Fox ) .
They live in a small , Minnesota town where such an unlikely pairing is possible .
There are so few kids in their town that two little girls who played in the sandbox together can stay friends as teens .
But there 's a problem .
Jennifer is always pushing Needy around .
Advertisement
That 's how the two wind up at a show for some lame indie rock band called Low Shoulder .
A band whose lead singer Jennifer is scheming to hook up with .
It turns out that Low Shoulder has a scheme , too :
They want to sacrifice a virgin to Satan so that their band will achieve some success without having to do something " lame " like go on Letterman .
Because they 're in such a backwoods town , they assume Jennifer is a virgin .
But as she says later , " I 'm not even a backdoor virgin . "
Turns out when you sacrifice a non-virgin to Satan , it causes the sacrifice to go all undead demon on your ass .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And that 's when things get sick .
Jennifer has to drink blood to survive , and she 's not satisfied just eating dumbass members of the football team .
So she starts going after people Needy likes , including Needy 's floppy - haired , cute boyfriend Chip .
There 's an amazing awkward / cute / horrifying scene where Chip and Needy are losing their virginity together , intercut with Jennifer sipping blood out of the ripped - open torso of another guy Needy has an unacknowledged crush on .
Once Needy figures out Jennifer is a demon , she sets out to stop her .
Of course everything culminates in a Needy vs. Jennifer vs. Chip showdown at the prom , an event that is hellish for girls even if they do n't have best frenemies who are monsters .
Advertisement
Sure it 's a cliched structure ; you 've seen it a thousand times before .
That 's the way horror movies work , though .
They offer up a generic story and the good parts , the original parts , come in the little tweaks and fucked - up details that offer you a glimpse of the real - life horrors that lurk beneath the CG fantasy .
And that 's why Jennifer 's Body is so rewarding as a movie :
Things get really complicated the more you think about how this movie overturns your expectations .
Advertisement
So now for the complicated part .
Let 's begin with how this flick breaks one of the cardinal rules of small - scale horror .
Here you have a female monster menacing a female character .
Usually female monsters - especially sexy ones like Jennifer - are out to get men .
Female vampires chomp on men ; Grendel 's mom tries to smack down Beowulf ; the Species chick murders guys who are boning her .
There are exceptions , like the woman vs. woman fights in Aliens or Friday the 13th ( the very first movie ) .
But those movies are quite memorable because they fly in the face of our expectations .
Jennifer eats men , but she does it to get at Needy .
She eats the men Needy loves .
As director Karyn Kusama has said , Jennifer 's Body is a movie about toxic friendships between women .
By placing this story in the context of a monster movie , it also does something interesting .
First , it acknowledges that women are horribly dangerous , which you already knew if you watched The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
More importantly , it acknowledges that women are dangerous to other women .
Not just in a mean girls way , but in an " I will rip your lungs out " way .
Advertisement
Although we 've seen countless movies where men are dangerous to women , and to each other , you can probably count the number of stories that acknowledge female / female violence on one hand ( please count all women - in - prison movies as one finger only ) .
This is a topic we do n't like to think about because it fundamentally undermines cultural stereotypes of women as bitchy but harmless .
Here we see bitchiness treated the way male aggressiveness is treated in pretty much every single action movie you 've ever seen .
It 's deadly , important , and potentially civilization - destroying .
Advertisement
At the same time , Jennifer 's Body also plays with the pervasiveness of male / female violence in the real world .
Jennifer returns to Needy 's house after her proverbial ride in Low Shoulder 's van looking like a rape victim , vacant - eyed and covered in blood .
She vomits up a horrific stream of black , ferromagnetic fluid , then runs out the door .
In that puddle of black goo , which Needy spends all night cleaning up , we see the first signs that this ain't no girly rape revenge movie .
Advertisement
When Jennifer is given superhuman power by a bunch of douchey guys , she does n't go after the guys for vengeance .
Hell , she 's psyched to be a god .
Instead she goes after the real source of all her agony :
Her best friend , who manages to have a nice boyfriend and an interesting future as a " narrative nonfiction writer " despite being a total meganerd .
She 's not as pretty as Jennifer , and yet Jennifer suspects that Needy is somehow , sneakily , better than she is .
This is a movie about female wrath .
And it's not the clean , sympathetic wrath we saw in Thelma and Louise ; it 's not the trampy blankness we wanked over in Species .
It 's ugly , wrong , powerful wrath .
The kind that builds empires and destroys towns .
And men are irrelevant to this wrath , in the same way Jennifer 's life was irrelevant to the guys in Low Shoulder who murdered her .
Advertisement
There 's something deeply subversive about a movie that says women are angry , but not at men .
Women have enough power now that men are hardly the issue .
Now , we 've got something to work out among ourselves .
I 'm not sure what people are expecting when they go to see a movie like Jennifer 's Body , but based on early negative reviews I 'm pretty sure it was n't this .
All I can assume is that they expected something really highbrow , based on the fact that it was penned by " I have a vocab " writer Diablo Cody .
Or maybe they thought it would just be long scenes of Megan Fox 's tits , which would also be a letdown , since there are no tits .
Advertisement
Actually , that 's not true .
When Needy stabs Jennifer in the chest with a box cutter , Jennifer screams , " My tit ! " and Needy corrects her : " No , your heart . "
Jennifer 's
Body is in many ways just a horror trashfest , but there 's also a raw , gaping wound of truth in its heart .
Anyone who can take their eyes off Megan Fox 's tits and look at the rage in her face will see just that .
In the middle part of this decade , Microsoft engaged in an extensive effort to create open standards derived from its own XML - based file formats , such as XPS and Office XML .
This work was widely interpreted as an effort to forestall adoption of competing formats , such as the Open Document Format , and concerns were raised about whether the Office XML format was severely encumbered by the company 's patents .
Despite these fears , Microsoft ultimately saw its efforts succeed .
A recently granted patent , however , reveals that the entire effort took place while Microsoft had a patent pending that covers nearly any use of XML for storing word processing documents .
The patent was filed back in late 2004 and was apparently approved only this month .
It 's entitled " Word - processing document stored in a single XML file that may be manipulated by applications that understand XML , " but it appears to cover the use of an entire class of XML documents by any word processing program .
There are essentially two general approaches to storing rich text information in an XML file .
One would involve the intermingling of the text with formatting information , which is precisely how things are handled with HTML .
But HTML also nicely demonstrates the potential problems with this approach , with varying implementations of Web standards , erratic approaches to different tags and formatting instructions , and the need to maintain browser - specific versions of different Web content .
It 's not exactly the ideal way to handle a single file format that 's intended to be read by a variety of programs .
The alternative is the approach patented by Microsoft , in which a run of text is preceded or followed by formatting information .
By separating out the text , it becomes far easier to ensure compatibility across programs and among different versions of a single program .
A raw text editor , for example , could simply scan the document for text blocks and discard the formatting ; a program that only handles a subset of the capabilities of Word could simply use the formatting tags it recognizes and ignore the rest .
That 's also possible for cases where tags are intermingled with the text , but it 's a much more challenging problem .
The patent examiner was clearly aware that Microsoft was n't the only one interested in this approach , as citations appear that indicate he or she downloaded AbiWord 's XML definition and looked into the use of XML in online contexts .
Still , from a patent reviewer 's perspective , all that matters is whether Microsoft 's application either predates the other work , or is significantly distinct from it .
The patent appears to cover both the creation of the XML document and the file that 's created .
That would allow a certain degree of leeway in terms of interoperability , as there is nothing here that would seem to cover reading a Microsoft - generated XML document , for example .
But it certainly seems that Microsoft could assert that any word processor that used this class of XML storage as a native format was violating its patents .
The key question going forward is what Microsoft chooses to do with this patent now that it has been granted .
The company is under pressure in both the US and EU to increase its software 's interoperability with that of its competitors , so a rigorous enforcement of this patent would seem like an express lane to further legal trouble , something the company has seemingly been anxious to avoid .
Some groups within the company also seem to be anxious to play nicely with the wider software community , raising the prospect that this patent will only be used defensively ; for example , Microsoft could grant all comers a perpetual royalty - free license to this approach .
Perhaps the worst thing that could possibly happen is for Redmond to not do anything for the time being , which would leave the patent hanging over potential competitors like a sword of Damocles .
UPDATE : After publication on Friday , a Microsoft spokesperson responded to our requests for comment by noting that it had included both ODF and OOXML in its Open Specification Promise , which indicates the company will not assert any claims against their use .
Of this patent in particular , the spokesperson said it , " uniquely addresses a method for creating a document in an XML file format , which enables a published XSD ( “ XML Schema Definition ” ) to define rules related to the XML file format for a document and relates to elements such as a style element , a hints element , a bookmark element , a text run element , or other elements .
It is not unusual to have multiple patents for similar technology areas , each specifying different innovative advancements . "
Children whose parents use a firm parenting style that still allows them to test the rules and learn from it are more likely to assume leadership roles as adults according to a new study published in a recent edition of The Leadership Quarterly .
Researchers used data from a long - term Minnesota study of twins .
They found that children raised with an " authoritative " parenting style - where parents set clear limits and expectations while also being supportive of their children - assumed more leadership roles at work and in their communities later in life .
While these children were also less likely to engage in serious rule - breaking , children who did engage in serious rule - breaking were less likely to assume leadership roles .
Good parenting may better prepare children for future leadership roles if the children happen to challenge the boundaries set out by their parents .
This gives the children an opportunity to learn why the rules are in place and then learn from their parents how to achieve their goals without breaking the rules .
" Some of these early examples of rule - breaking behaviour , more the modest type , do n't necessarily produce negative outcomes later in life - that was fairly intriguing , " says Maria Rotundo , a professor at the University of Toronto 's Rotman School of Management .
" It does n't mean all children of authoritative parents are going to become leaders , but they are more likely to . "
The study adds more weight to the idea that leaders are raised more than they are born .
Behavioural genetics has shown that innate factors account for only 30 % of who will end up in leadership positions and people 's leadership styles .
More information :
The complete study is available at : www.rotman.utoronto.ca/newthin … otundoleadership.pdf
Source : University of Toronto ( news : web )
Explore further Supportive soccer moms have better relationships with kids , says study
Last nights mercury prize winner Speech Debelle snatched the award of the back of her album , “ Speech Therapy ” , which sold no more than 3000 copies .
Other Competitors for the music prize were , Kasabian , Glasvegas , The Horrors , La Roux and bookies favorites Florence and The Machine .
Her debut album was released last may and was voted the best of this years short list , credited by a panel of respected executives , journalists and musicians including last years winners Elbow .
Debelle has won herself a dowry of £ 20,000 and has hinted at going to the US for some some live dates .
Dates and downloads are available at tourdates.co.uk .
Debell is the first act to win the Mercury Music Award who is not considered “ indy ” for the last 6 years after Dizzie Rascal won it in 2003 .
She looks well on her way to being able to fill the void left by Ninah Cherry and Miss Dynamite for fans of the genre .
Below is her post - victory moments .
Her music is currently free for download here .
Alternative titles
Original publication date
Important events
Epigraph Don't Panic
Dedication for
Johnny Brock and Clare Gorst
and all other Arlingtonians
for tea , sympathy , and a sofa
First words
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow star .
Quotations Don't Panic
If there 's anything more important than my ego around here , I want it caught and shot now .
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks do n't .
For thousands of years , the mighty ships tore across the empty wastes of space and finally dived screaming on to the first planet they came across — which happened to be the Earth — where due to a terrible miscalculation of scale the entire battle fleet was accidentally swallowed by a small dog .
Life !
Do n't talk to me about life .
Last words “ Okay , baby , hold tight , ” said Zaphod .
“ We 'll take a quick bite at the Restaurant at the End of the Universe . ” ( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice [ Book 1 Only ]
" The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " is the title of the first in a series of novels ( as well as the first in a series of radio dramas ) .
The five works in the series are generally referred to as " The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " or " The Hitchhiker Trilogy " , as is the series of radio dramas .
Though there are unabridged audio recordings of these works , the radio dramas are considerably different from the printed works .
Eoin Colfer , of " Artemis Fowl " fame , contracted in 2008 to write the next volume of the " Trilogy . "
Do not combine it with the graphic novel adaptation .
Publisher 's editors
Blurbers
Original language English
Powered by click for more info guide .
As I hinted at last month , if I was to really break it down , the majority of my annual ‘ music spend ’ goes towards various genre compilations ; largely due to residing just a few miles from Amoeba Music .
This , trust me , is both a blessing and curse as a number of the more interesting comps often seem to be imports , complete with the associated import prices .
I ’m making a point to feature more of these on AD as , amongst the clutter , there are some real finds .
Competing with these sanctioned compilations are the unsanctioned , bootleg , variety which are often just as , if not more , interesting than their legit counterparts .
The following is a bootleg compilation of vinyl rips of 1960s French Freakbeat tracks I happened upon several years ago ( and originally posted in ’ 07 ) .
Unfortunately , that is about the extent of my knowledge of the recordings as little information is to be found scouring the net .
Although , I did like Metroactive Music ’s apt description : “ A rare bootleg collection that explores mid 1960s mod-influenced psychedelia of French bands that were paying strict attention to their British brethren , most notably The Small Faces . ”
Anyone with an ear and appreciation for sixties garage will absolutely love this stuff .
Highest recommendation .
Snap , crackle and pop .
Download :
MP3 : Le Bain Didonc :: 4 cheveux dans le vent
MP3 : Les 5 Gentlemen :: LSD 25 Ou Les Metamorphoses De Margaret Steinway
MP3 : Les Boots :: Laissez Briller Le Soleil
MP3 : Les Capitals :: Nous On Chante
+ Download the rest of the compilation after the jump .
Do n’t miss
The Brummel ’s “ Bof ! ”
MP3 : Les Bowlers :: Je Me Moquerai De Toi
MP3 : Les Sparks :: Souris
MP3 : Les Gaelic :: Gardez les Cheveux Longs
MP3 : Five Travellers – Story of Wonder
MP3 : Les 5 Gentlemen :: Si Tu Reviens Chez Moi
MP3 : The Somethings :: Le Monde Infernal
MP3 : Les Safari :: Elle Avait Tout
MP3 : The Brummels :: Bof !
MP3 : Les Gypsys :: Je Ne Te Pardonnerai Pas
MP3 : Les Bowlers :: Ne L’attends Pas
— — — —-
+ Download DRM free digital music via eMusic ’s 25 free MP3 no risk trial offer
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Google announced some nifty updates to Google Docs today , focused on students as they get back to their books and into the classroom .
The document collaboration tool now supports equation notation , superscript , subscript , and language translations .
First , let 's talk about our favorite new addition to Google Docs : equations .
The feature , available under the " Insert " menu , allows you to type in full , clean equations for everything from your standard high school physics to my favorite , mutlivariable calculus ( yes , I 'm a math nerd ) .
Google Docs also highlighted its addition of subscript and superscript formatting so that you can add in simple exponents and label variables .
It 's easy to see why this feature could be huge for students .
A group of friends could collaborate on notes via a Google Doc , making sure that they do n't miss any of the important lecture notes .
Equations in Google Docs are also simply cleaner to look at .
If you 've ever tried to read someone else 's calculus notes , you can't help but appreciate clean equations .
Google also highlighted Google Docs integration with language translation , something they added last month .
Finally , they added some customization to bullet styles and added the ability to print footnotes as endnotes .
It 's a small series of useful updates , though this announcement 's a bit late for college students who have already started their first semester .
Oh well , there 's always next semester .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , Hiob
World will end today ...
( Well it is 9/9/09 - and the doom - mongers are predicting a disaster )
If you 're reading this , then it 's pretty safe to say that he world has n't ended .
Today , the ninth day of the ninth month of the ninth year , was heralded by some doomsayers as the end of the planet .
Over the past few weeks , web chatrooms devoted to alien conspiracies , doomsday cults and numerology - the belief that numbers have mystical significance - have been buzzing with talk of 09/09/09 .
Some warned of an outbreak of killer swine flu .
Others that the world would be sucked into a black hole created by the Cern particle collider in Switzerland .
Doomsayers have predicted in the past that the world will end on 09/09/09
Instead , the most exciting thing likely to happen today is the release of a Beatles computer game and the announcement of a new Apple iPod .
It 's been a miserable few years for fans of Armageddon dates .
The millennium passed without a single horseman of the apocalypse , while 06/06/06 turned out to be a rather uneventful Tuesday .
Believers had high hopes for 09/09/09 , particularly in the UK where 999 is the emergency phone number .
Users of the alien - earth.org website combined Nostrodamus , the Book of Revelation and the Mayan prophecies with fears about the Cern Large Hadron Collider in Geneva in their gloomy predictions .
' Note that 999 is 666 upside down , ' wrote one .
' Did Nostrodamus warn us from 400 years ago about creating a Doomsday Machine with the Cern LHC ?'
On www.revelation13.net, numerologists were concerned about swine flu .
' The world population officially reaches 6.8 billion near November 2009 , and Revelation 6:8 is about the fourth horseman , Death , so will death ride then ?
Could this be a mutation in swine flu H1N1 making it a deadly worldwide plague ?
' Note that " nein " in German means " no " so 9 - 9 - 9 could mean " no - no - no " . '
However , numerologist and ' soul coach ' Pauline Rose said : ' Nine is the number of completion so hopefully more positive things will start to happen .
' We have all had a tough nine years and there have been all sorts of tests for people all over the world . '
Scientists said numerology and the belief in special dates was hokum .
Professor Chris French of Goldsmiths , University of London and editor of The Skeptic Magazine , said : ' Numerology , like any other system of divination , has no validity whatsoever with the exception that sometimes your belief that a day is auspicious may affect your behaviour .
' If a deeply superstitious person is anxious about driving on Friday 13th it 's possible they may be more likely to crash .
' We are very good at seeking out meaning and patterns in randomness - it's one of the reasons humans are such a successful species .
But the price is that we see significance in things that are n't there at all . '
The Japan Aerospace and Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) has released high - definition video captured by the Kaguya moon probe moments before crashing onto the lunar surface on June 11 .
( Pics )
Japan ’s
Selene satellite has been sending us amazing HD footage of the surface of the moon for a couple of months now , but on June 11th , it finally crashed into the surface .
And its final video might be its best .
Unfortunately , the crash itself happens just over the line into the dark side of the moon , but you can see its final decent and just how damned close it was to the surface .
It ’s incredible .
It seems like it ’s mere feet above the surface , showing a level of detail never before seen .
Amazing .
Via Gizmodo
ICANN , the organization that oversees the administration of the Internet , no longer operates under an agreement with the U.S. Department of Commerce , following the expiration of an 11 - year partnership that lessens U.S. control over the critical infrastructure body .
The Joint Project Agreement ( JPA ) , in effect since 1998 , had bound ICANN -- officially known as the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers -- to the Department of Commerce , giving the government direct control over the group .
In its place today is a new " Affirmation of Commitments " agreement that will see ICANN operated instead under global oversight .
The U.S. government will now become one nation among many in the process that governs the Internet .
" ICANN is accountable to the world and that 's as it should be , since ICANN is a global international organization , " Paul Levins , executive officer and vice president of corporate affairs at ICANN , told InternetNews.com .
" But do n't get me wrong , this is not Independence Day .
We 've been independent since we 've been born , since 1998 , when we were established as a non-profit organization . "
Lawrence E. Strickling , assistant secretary for communications and information at the Commerce Department 's National Telecommunications Information Administration ( NTIA ) , signed the Affirmation deal on behalf of the government .
Since ICANN 's creation , the organization has been subject to yearly reviews from the Department of Commerce .
Under the new affirmation agreement , multi-national reviews will occur at least every three years .
The U.S. will participate as one nation in ICANNs Governmental Advisory Committee ( GAC ) , which provides international oversight of ICANN .
" It 's a huge step forward with no more reviews by one entity , no more temporary endorsement of the model , " Levins said .
" We 're now looking at a very firm declaration by ICANN and the U.S. government that says this is the right model to manage this global resource on behalf of the globe and that 's a fantastic outcome . "
Earlier this year , U.S. lawmakers warned about the split of ICANN from U.S. Department of Commerce , but Levins noted that the Affirmation Agreement is all about fulfilling ICANN 's original goal .
" It means the original intent to coordinate this resource so that no one entity could control it has come to fruition , " Levins said .
" It really is a historic moment in a series of historic moments since the Internet was created 40 years ago . "
With the Affirmation of Commitments , ICANN is now a more international organization than it ever has been , though ICANN still has more work to do to further the process of international participation .
" The international domain name process is the next big thing , " Levins said .
" How do you make sure that the billions of people that are coming online are going to be able to express themselves and interact with the Internet addressing system in a way that 's truly international . "
U.S. and IANA
While the U.S. government will no longer have direct oversight over ICANN , it does still hold onto a key Internet control point .
ICANN currently manages the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) on behalf of the U.S. government .
That contract will continue under the new partnership , and remains set to expire in 2011 .
Like ICANN , IANA and its efforts are under close scrutiny .
IANA holds a critical role in the infrastructure of the Internet as the organization that is responsible for Internet addressing .
And as a result of the impending exhaustion of the Net 's IP v4 addresses , IANA 's work is under the microscope .
That does n't make things easier for ICANN .
Levins said the group 's capacity to encourage an IPv4 - to - IPv6 transition among Internet users remains limited :
It can't mandate a switchover , for instance .
There 's already been some uptake of IP v6 , however .
The U.S. government has mandated that its network infrastructure become IPv6 - capable , though enterprise adoption of IP v6 to date has been slow .
While ICANN can't force people to move to IPv6 , Levins said that the organization is working to educate about and promote the use of the technology .
Sweeping losses under the rug is nothing new on Wall St , but it ’s getting worse .
S&P 500 P / Es range from 16 – 134 , depending on which earnings methodology you use .
The first number is based on “ operating earnings ” , and the second is based on the real bottom line .
If you need background on the difference between operating and non-GAAP , go here or here .
This graph shows the difference between S&P 500 ’s GAAP and operating earnings , in billions of dollars .
The trend line is telling .
Click to enlarge :
The data is from this spreadsheet ( S&P ) .
Go to the “ Divisors and Aggregates ” tab to see table used .
If you ’re not familiar with the terms :
GAAP / As - Reported earnings represent the true bottom line , ugly losses and all .
Operating earnings can exclude any number of costs , charges , and losses .
Guess which one is exclusively - used by bulls and analysts ( redundant ) ?
Operating earnings , of course .
Some might say , “ but wait , look at Q1 2009 !
Looks like they ’ve cleaned up their act ” Nope .
That is the result of mark - to - imagination accounting .
This change by the FASB “ eased ” mark - to - market rules just in time to make Q1 bank earnings palatable .
The change boosted Citi alone ’s bottom - line by $ 3 b .
Why again , are we so dismissive about Chinese accounting ?
Yes , they ’re up to some tricks of their own .
But you know what they say about glass houses .
Well , we ’re in one .
Q4 2008 , for example .
True losses were $ 201 b , but on an operating basis the S&P lost less than $ 1b .
That ’s pretty shocking .
I ’m working on chart showing % change , which should account better for inflation .
But my Excel skills are lacking , and the negative numbers combined with the 24,000 % change in Q4 08 keep throwing my charts off .
Any chart - gurus out there want to take a crack at it ?
The data is here for any so inclined .
Updated 8/18/09 for long - windedness and clarity .
This film deals with mature subject matter .
Viewer discretion is advised
Pedagogical evaluations and study guides are only available to CAMPUS subscribers .
CAMPUS
Features designed specifically for teachers .
Learn more
Already subscribed ?
Sign in
Not all of us have had the pleasure sitting down with a bag of oddly - shaped dice and playing Dungeons & Dragons , and the ones who have tend not to admit it .
And that 's too bad , because within the rich , expansive universe detailed in D&D manuals is a vast array of wondrous creatures .
Many of which are laugh - out - loud dumbass .
Such as ...
Advertisement
15 The Roving Mauler
What is it ?
The visual approximation of Mufasa infected by The Thing .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Where it Went Wrong : Besides looking like something Sebastian Bach would airbrush onto the side of a monster truck , the roving mauler is little more than a biological liability .
Does his head stay still while the rest of his body goes pinwheeling around the desert ?
What 's to keep his neck from snapping ?
If his head goes spinning around with the rest of his body , how the fuck does he see where he 's going with the horizon whirling around his field of vision like a kaleidoscope ?
And where is his lion dick during all this ?
We 're assuming it 's between one of those pairs of legs , so given the options , he 's either going to have a dick - chin - beard , a dick - earring or a dick - devilock .
And that 's just awkward .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
14 The Gelatinous Cube
What is it ?
The Gelatinous Cube is an enormous block of ooze that roams through the perfectly square hallways of D&D , devouring anyone foolish enough to walk directly into it .
Where it Went Wrong : Unless an encounter plays out exactly like the steamroller scene in Austin Powers , we fail to see how the Gelatinous Cube ever kills anybody who 's not either glued to the floor or fast asleep .
In fact , we 're pretty sure the Dungeon Master 's Guide reads :
The first player to ask " Ca n't I just get out of the way ? " automatically defeats the Gelatinous Cube .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
13 The Knell Beetle What is it ?
The Knell Beetle is a nine - foot long flesh - eating insect with a giant trumpet on its head that kind of makes it look like Snidely Whiplash .
Where it Went Wrong : Clearly this is an example of miscommunication between the writers and the art department .
" You know what would really fuck shit up ?
If the Knell Beetle had a huge horn on its head . "
" Huge horn , got it . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I do n’t know about your city , but the weather bureau of my hometown is often sniggered at , for their in -accurate predictions .
When they say it will rain ( like they predicted a couple of days ago ) you can be sure it will be bright and sunny .
I would like to gift them this “ Window Phone ” , that makes accurate predictions and even changes its display to reflect the climatic conditions outdoors .
Maybe I should keep the phone for myself and bug the bureau with my updates .
Designer : Seunghan Song
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 18.9 K Shares
Ethics
Post ' Salon ' Story Prompts WH Ethics Rules Reminder
By Michael D. Shear
White House counsel Greg Craig reminded administration staffers this afternoon that they operate under strict ethical guidelines , in the wake of reports that The Washington Post had solicited Obama officials for off the record " salons " with corporate sponsorship .
The memo from Craig to White House officials said White House officials are required to seek approval before attending events sponsored by a non-government entity .
" As we have advised in a previous memo ( see attached ) , federal ethics rules restricting the acceptance of gifts govern your ability to accept free admission to events put on by a non-governmental sponsor , " Craig wrote .
" Many of you are invited to attend such banquets , conferences and cocktail receptions .
In an effort to streamline the process by which you receive approval to accept such free invitations from the White House Counsel 's Office , we have created an online submission form .
Our hope is that this will make it easier for you to submit such requests and will enable us to serve you better , " he said .
In the e-mail , Craig says that requests for such events must be made 72 hours before the event , and will be responded to by e-mail .
The 9 - page policy on gifts attached to Craig 's e-mail lists in detail the administration 's dos and don'ts when accepting gifts .
Included are sections on " Gifts based on a personal relationship , " " Invitations to Events , " and " Social invitations from persons other than prohibited sources . "
The Post had reportedly invited Obama officials to intimate dinners at the home of Post publisher Katherine Weymouth , which would be sponsored at a cost of $ 25,000 each .
Posted at 5:35 PM ET on Jul 2 , 2009 | Category : Ethics
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : White House Kitchen Welcomes Brainfood | Next : Palin's Reasons for Stepping Down
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : Bcamp55 | July 6 , 2009 10:30 AM
Posted by : blondon | July 5 , 2009 10:43 PM
Posted by : dkmjr | July 5 , 2009 10:19 PM
Posted by : tmtfairfax | July 3 , 2009 12:43 PM
Posted by : fury60 | July 3 , 2009 12:18 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | July 3 , 2009 12:32 AM
Posted by : vanron100 | July 2 , 2009 11:20 PM
Posted by : scac1 | July 2 , 2009 10:44 PM
Posted by : infuse | July 2 , 2009 9:43 PM
Posted by : donewithyou1 | July 2 , 2009 9:29 PM
Posted by : JaxMax | July 2 , 2009 8:11 PM
Posted by : duby a36 | July 2 , 2009 7:37 PM
Posted by : gbooksdc | July 2 , 2009 6:40 PM
Posted by : rlj611 | July 2 , 2009 6:27 PM
Posted by : JakeD | July 2 , 2009 6:26 PM
Posted by : wasntme543 | July 2 , 2009 6:06 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
She said : " It was a long haul but that is normal .
I believe it is the first PhD in the UK to look at the language of text messaging .
The publisher of The Washington Post apologized to the paper ’s readers on Sunday after a controversy erupted over the company ’s plans to organize sponsored meetings that would include Washington lobbyists , government officials and the paper ’s own journalists .
The Post canceled the first of what it billed as exclusive “ salons ” at the home of the publisher , Katharine Weymouth , after critics accused the paper of seeking to profit from its access to members of Congress and administration officials .
Ms. Weymouth , in a letter to readers that appeared on the opinion page Sunday , wrote that “ firm parameters ” had not been followed in planning the events .
These included having reporters and editors participate as moderators and not setting any limits on what questions they can ask .
“ Our mistake was to suggest that we would hold and participate in an off - the - record dinner with journalists and power - brokers paid for by a sponsor , ” she wrote .
Simply put , an atheist does n't believe in the existence of gods .
There are many myths and preconceptions when you identify yourself as an atheist .
Here are answers to the most common questions about atheists .
Why Do People Become Atheists ?
There are as many reasons for being an atheist as there are atheists .
The road to atheism tends to be very personal and individual , based upon the specific circumstances of a person 's life , experiences , and attitudes .
Nevertheless , it is possible to describe some general similarities which tend to be common among quite a few atheists , particularly atheists in the West .
It is , however , important to remember that nothing in these general descriptions is necessarily common to all atheists .
Do People Choose to Be Atheists ?
Many theists argue that people choose to be atheists and , hence , will be held accountable for such a ( sinful ) choice .
But is atheism chosen ?
No : belief is not an action and cannot be attained by command .
Once a person realizes what they must believe beyond all doubt , what other steps do they take in order to have that belief ?
None , it seems .
There is nothing left to do .
Thus , there is no extra , identifiable step which we can label the act of choosing .
Are Atheists All Freethinkers ?
For freethinkers and those who associate themselves with free thought , claims are judged based on how closely they are found to correlate with reality .
A freethinker is someone who evaluates claims and ideas based upon the standards of reason and logic rather than tradition , popularity , or other commonly used standards .
What this means is that free thought and theism are compatible while freethought and atheism are not the same and one does not automatically necessitate the other .
Are There Any Famous Atheists ?
Some people might tend to think that atheists are such a minority that they have never heard of any famous atheists who have contributed to society .
As a matter of fact , many famous philosophers , sociologists , psychologists , and more have been atheists , skeptics , freethinkers , secularists , humanists , etc .
Although separated by time and profession , what unites them is a common interest in reason , skepticism , and critical thinking — in particular when it comes to traditional beliefs and religious dogmas .
Some of the atheists actively discussing atheism at the current time include British biologist Richard Dawkins , author Sam Harris , and illusionist duo Penn Jillette and Teller .
Do Any Atheists Go to Church ?
The idea of an atheist attending church services seems contradictory .
Does n't that require belief in God ?
Does n't a person have to believe in a religion in order to attend it 's worship services ?
Is n't freedom on Sunday morning one of the benefits of atheism ?
Although most atheists do n't count themselves as part of religions which require regular attendance at churches or other houses of worship , you can still find some who do attend such services from time to time or even regularly .
Is Atheism Just a Phase You 're Going Through ?
This sort of question is asked much more often of young atheists than of adults , perhaps because young people do go through a number of phases during which they explore various ideas , philosophies , and positions .
Although the term " phase " is used in a derogatory manner , it should n't be .
There is nothing genuinely wrong with such exploration and experimentation , so long as it is accurately recognized and accepted as such .
If someone is going through an " atheism " phase , what 's wrong with that ?
Are Atheists All Materialistic , Hedonistic , Nihilistic , or Cynical ?
Although there are a lot of different myths about atheism and atheists , there is one theme which keeps coming up over and over again : the assumption that all atheists share some political position , philosophical system , or attitude .
In short , it 's assumed that all atheists believe some " X , " where X has little or nothing whatsoever to do with atheism .
Thus theists try to pigeonhole atheists into a single philosophical straight - jacket , be it humanism , communism , nihilism , objectivism , etc .
Are Atheists Anti-Religion , Anti-Christian , Anti-Theistic , and Anti-God ?
Because atheists are so often seen critiquing religion , it 's common for religious theists to wonder what atheists really think about religion and why .
The truth is complex , however , because there is no single atheistic opinion about religion .
Atheists ' critical stance with regards to religion is more a product of cultural trends in the West than of anything internal to atheism itself , which is only the absence of belief in gods .
Some atheists hate religion .
Some atheists think religion can be useful .
Some atheists are themselves religious and adherents of atheistic religions .
What Is Practical Atheism ?
This is a category used by some religious theists to describe all those theists who technically believe in a god , but who behave immorally .
The assumption is that moral behavior follows automatically from genuine theism , thus immoral behavior is a consequence of not genuinely believing .
Theists who behave immorally must really be atheists , regardless of what they believe .
The term practical atheist is thus a smear against atheists generally .
See more on why immoral theists are not practical atheists .
retro-futurism : the tumbleweed tank
In the early 20th century , monowheels and spheres were all the rage .
So , of course , someone tried to turn them into weapons of war ...
When we look back at the first half of the 20th century , we seem to find a bizarre fascination with wheels and spherical shapes for transport , weaponry and even space stations .
Take this flail - looking tank designed by a Texan inventor A.J. Richardson in his attempt to further mechanize the future of warfare after World War One .
Richardson ’s idea was essentially to create a mobile bunker able to roll over any terrain deep into the heart of enemy territory and lay down heavy suppressive fire .
And there ’s another reason why it was built as a sphere according to the original column in the July 1936 edition of Popular Mechanics .
The inventor states that the tank ’s spherical shape presents the smallest possible target for any enemy bombs or shells , and all but direct hits would glance off its curved sides .
What seems to be most surprising about this design is the lack of windows and ports through which you can actually see where you ’re firing .
While the way its center of mass is positioned would prevent a rollover and its thick armor would make the tank a very difficult target , Richardson apparently forgot that without good visibility , the gunners ca n’t hit their targets or worse yet , they could easily kill or injure any friendly troops nearby and not know what was happening outside of their steel bubble .
Introduction
We recently chatted with security expert Charlie Miller from Independent Security Evaluators about the recently - disclosed iPhone vulnerability that would have allowed a malicious hacker to take control of an iPhone through a series of carefully crafted SMS messages .
Alan :
Thanks for taking the time to chat , Charlie .
Why do n’t you start by telling us a little bit about the SMS vulnerability ?
Charlie :
The iPhone bug has to do with telling the phone there is a certain amount of data , and then not sending it as much as you said you would .
The function that reads the data starts returning - 1 to indicate an error , but the other parts of the program do n't check for this error and actually think the - 1 is data from the message .
This shows how complex it can be to write secure code , as separately , each part of the program looks correct , but the way they interact is dangerous !
Anyway , depending on what you send , different bad things can happen .
At one point , you can get it to exit because it is about to allocate - 1 bytes ( which is viewed as 0 xffffffff - - a very large number ) .
This is a denial of service that will knock the phone off the network temporarily .
During my BlackHat talk , we kept sending this denial of service message every 10 seconds to a volunteer from the audience to keep him off the network .
As an unfortunate consequence , the messages were getting cued up on the network and his phone was still getting knocked off hours after the talk .
He has since gotten back up and running .
Alan : Note to our readers : whenever Charlie says he needs a volunteer , do n’t make eye contact .
So , how did you send the message ?
Were you sending it through the SMS interface of another iPhone or doing something like emailing the “ telephone number@attwireless ” approach ?
Charlie :
To send the SMS over the carrier network , we had a small application on our attack iPhone that would talk to the modem using GSM AT commands .
For testing and finding the bugs , we used this really cool injection framework that my co-presenter Collin Mulliner wrote , which lets you test SMS message implementations by only sending data over TCP .
This prevents you from having to send data over the carrier network and does n't cost anything , and also lets you test many messages very quickly .
Alan :
So how do you go from a denial - of - service to a full - on exploit ?
Charlie :
The worst case has to do with how the program handles concatenated messages .
This is a way to send more than 140 bytes at a time .
You can send a long message in a series of messages and the phone will reconstruct it into a one long string .
It accesses an array based on a value from the data .
In the case where it thinks it reads - 1 , it actually accesses the memory before the array , not in the array .
By setting things up just right and being tricky , you can actually leverage this to gain complete control of the device .
The entire attack takes just over 500 messages , although the victim does n't know they are being sent because they do n't show up on the phone .
Most of these messages have to do with setting things up " just right . "
Sixteen of them actually access the array out of bounds .
Cinematography is , in many ways , a thankless job .
Everyone knows what their basic purpose is , how important it is to the film , and how visual images are often the most memorable , and yet many would struggle to name even one cinematographer .
In the history of film , the role of the cinematographer is an often neglected one , and yet they have been as important and influential as directors , writers and actors .
To commemorate them , here is a list of the ten greatest and most influential cinematographers .
You may also like our Top 10 Cinematographic Masterpieces .
10 Kazuo Miyagawa 1908 -1999
Miyagawa is arguably the most important cinematographer in Japanese history , having worked with a who ’s who of Japanese auteurs , including Akira Kurosawa , Yasujiro Ozu , and Kenji Mizoguchi .
He is perhaps most famous for his work on Rashomon , where he was the first person to point a camera directly into sunlight ( utilising years of study on light exposure ) .
He was also known for using multiple camera setups for scenes , and acclaimed for his contrast of sweeping tracking shots and sharp close - ups .
Other innovations on the film include using mirrors to reflect natural light and using dyed black water as rain , to make it appear more vivid on camera .
He was also a master of genres , working on comedies ( The Rickshaw Man ) , samurai films ( the Zatoichi films ) , as wells as overseeing 164 cameramen and using over 234 different lenses for Tokyo Olympiad , often compared with Leni Riefenstahl ’s Olympia as one of the greatest Olympics documentaries .
Some of Miyagawa ’s stunning work on Rashomon can be seen in the clip .
Notable films : Rashomon ( 1950 ) , Ugetsu ( 1953 ) , Sansho the Bailiff ( 1954 ) , Floating Weeds ( 1959 ) , Yojimbo ( 1961 ) , Zatoichi ( 1964 ) , Tokyo Olympiad ( 1965 )
9 Sergei Urusevsky 1908 - 1974
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFrHPcKiXaQ
Though nowhere near as prolific as others on this list , Urusevsky has earned an almost mythic status among cinematographers due to his work with Russian director Mikhail Kalatozov on such films as I am Cuba and The Cranes are Flying .
His nearly unbelievable combination of deep focus , acrobatic tracking shots , subjective perspective and other remarkable cinematographic trickery was so ahead of its time that it would n’t be seen in the west until over a decade later .
Unfortunately , his Kaltozov collaborations were largely buried by the Soviet propaganda machine , and have only recently been restored thanks to acknowledged admirers such as Martin Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola .
His spectacular camerawork , which often distracted from the proper focus of the scene , was defended by Urusevsky , remarking that , “ It has never interested me , as cameraman , to just register what is going on in front of the camera . ” ”
The above , much celebrated , clip is perhaps the most famous scene in Urusevsky ’s repertoire , a balletic tracking shot from the opening of I am Cuba shows off his blistering and original camerawork .
Notable films : The Forty - First ( 1956 ) , The Cranes are Flying ( 1957 ) , The Unsent Letter ( 1959 ) , I am Cuba ( 1964 )
8 Vittorio Storaro Born 1940
Vittorio Storaro ( born 24 June 1940 in Rome ) is a three - time Academy Award winning Italian cinematographer .
He is most famous for his work on Apocalypse Now ( his first Oscar ) , where he was given free reign by Francis Ford Coppola to photograph the film ’s acclaimed visual look .
He went on to win Oscars for Reds and The Last Emperor , which was directed by Bernardo Bertolucci , his most frequent collaborator .
Storaro is widely regarded as a master cinematographer with a sophisticated philosophy largely inspired by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe ’s theory of colors , which focuses in part on the psychological effects different colors have and the way in which colors influence our perceptions of different situations .
With his son , Fabrizio Storaro , he created the Univisium format system to unify all future theatrical and television movies into one respective aspect ratio of 2.00:1 .
The clip is a scene from The Sheltering Sky , showcasing arguably the most beautiful desert cinematography ever put on film .
For a much better quality view ( and longer version ) of this scene , go here .
You will absolutely not be disappointed .
Notable films : The Conformist ( 1970 ) , Last Tango in Paris ( 1972 ) , Apocalypse Now ( 1979 ) , Reds ( 1981 ) , The Last Emperor ( 1987 ) , The Sheltering Sky ( 1990 )
7 Sven Nykvist 1922 -2006
As Ingmar Bergman ’s choice cinematographer , Nykvist was given the unenviable task of transforming the Swedish auteur ’s startling , often surreal , images into reality in front of the camera .
Despite this , Nykvist was noted for his subtlety and simplicity , favouring naturalistic lighting to complement Bergman ’s slow , paced style of storytelling .
He was unpretentious and often hidden behind his towering director , but Nykvist was still acknowledged for his work with two Academy Awards for Cries and Whispers and Fanny and Alexander .
Nykvist also worked with directors such as Roman Polanski , Woody Allen and Andrei Tarkovsky .
He was the first European cinematographer to join the American Society of Cinematographers , and received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the ASC in 1996 .
Above is a beautiful scene from Persona .
Notice the remarkable fading of light .
Notable films : The Virgin Spring ( 1960 ) , Persona ( 1966 ) , Cries and Whispers ( 1973 ) , Fanny and Alexander ( 1982 ) , The Sacrifice ( 1986 ) , The Unbearable Lightness of Being ( 1988 )
6 Gregg Toland 1904 - 1948
Gregg Toland was not with us long , but it is a credit to his brilliance that he is so revered today .
Toland was nominated five times for the Best Cinematography Oscar during a seven year golden period which lasted from 1936 to 1942 , but it is his collaboration with Orson Welles on Citizen Kane that is most remembered .
Though he did n’t create deep focus cinematography , he perfected it in Citizen Kane , allowing characters in the fore and background to be shot in focus at the same time .
In fact , much of the film ’s visual and cinematographic genius – low angles , high contrast , dark shadows – though often credited to Welles , was largely Toland ’s doing .
Welles later acknowledged that Toland was advising him on camera placement and lighting effects secretly so the young director would not be embarrassed in front of the highly experienced crew .
So indebted was he to Toland ’s work , that Welles insisted that their names appear together on the end credits .
Later on , Toland worked on Disney ’s Song of the South , which combined live action with animation .
Above is an example of deep focus in Citizen Kane .
Notable films : Wuthering Heights ( 1939 ) , The Grapes of Wrath ( 1940 ) , The Long Voyage Home ( 1940 ) , Citizen Kane ( 1941 ) , How Green Was My Valley ( 1941 ) , Song of the South ( 1946 )
5 Gordon Willis Born 1931
Nicknamed ‘ The Prince of Darkness ’ for his penchant for using rich blacks and dark interiors , most famously in The Godfather films for which he is best known , Gordon Willis is famed for his innovative cinematography which has garnered him two Oscar nominations and heaps of respect .
His work on The Godfather films is legendary , and his innovations include pioneering the use of warm , fuzzy , amber glows to represent nostalgic scenes of the past in The Godfather Part II , and the unique recreation of 1920s photography for Woody Allen ’s Zelig .
Above is a clip showing Gordon Willis ( and others ) discussing the cinematography of The Godfather .
Notable films : The Godfather ( 1972 ) , The Godfather Part II ( 1974 ) , All the President ’s Men ( 1976 ) , Zelig ( 1977 ) , Manhattan ( 1979 ) , Zelig ( 1983 ) , The Godfather Part III ( 1990 )
4 Christopher Doyle Born 1952
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRyU2mK4Rls
Though born in Australia , Doyle made his mark by photographing Asian films , especially the work of Hong Kong director Wong Kar - Wai .
His work with the director , particularly the films Chungking Express ,
In the Mood for Love and 2046 , is lauded for their vivid splashes of colors and high saturation , and he is considered one of the most important architects of Asian New Wave cinema .
He is also one of the few “ superstar ” cinematographers , whose reputation is often higher than the directors he works with .
Above is a clip from the film Hero , where Doyle ’s attention to vivid colors was crucial to the story .
Notable films : Chungking Express ( 1994 ) , In the Mood for Love ( 2000 ) , The Quiet American ( 2002 ) , Hero ( 2002 ) , Infernal Affairs ( 2002 ) , 2046 ( 2002 ) , Paranoid Park ( 2007 )
3 Conrad L. Hall 1926 - 2003
Beginning with films such as Cool Hand Luke and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , Hall helped liberate approaches to filming by making , as Sight and Sound puts it , “ making virtues of mistakes ” .
Blemishes such as the sun hitting the lens , dirt getting on the lens , or other seeming distractions which would have necessitated reshoots in the past , but Hall ’s approach exemplified the new wave of American cinema and helped set a template for gritty , independent films .
But Hall also proved he could handle more ‘ pristine ’ pictures , photographing films such American Beauty later in his career .
He won his first Oscar in 1969 for Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , and then would have to wait 30 years for his next , for American Beauty .
His third Oscar was awarded to him posthumously for Road to Perdition .
As well as that , he was nominated a further seven times during his life .
Above is a funny scene from Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , for which Hall won an Oscar .
Notable films : Cool Hand Luke ( 1967 ) , In Cold Blood ( 1967 ) , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 ) , The Day of the Locust ( 1975 ) , American Beauty ( 1999 ) , Road to Perdition ( 2002 )
2 James Wong Howe 1899 - 1976
James Wong
Howe had over 130 films to his credit , spanning from the silent era to color .
During the 1930s and 1940s he was considered one of the most sought after cinematographers in Hollywood .
He was nominated for ten Academy Awards for cinematography , winning twice .
As well as being one of the first cinematographers to use deep focus photography , Howe pioneered techniques to augment eyes on B &W film , early dolly techniques , handheld camera techniques and shooting by unusual light sources , such as by candlelight on The Molly Maguires .
The clip is some crisp , beautiful black and white photography from Hud , for which Howe won an Oscar .
Notable films : The Thin Man ( 1934 ) , Algiers ( 1938 ) , Yankee Doodle Dandy ( 1942 ) , The Rose Tattoo ( 1955 ) , Sweet Smell of Success ( 1957 ) , The Old Man and the Sea ( 1958 ) , Hud ( 1963 ) , Funny Lady ( 1975 )
1 Charles Rosher 1885 - 1974
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvUvr715rjg
Charles Rosher was a two - time Academy Award - winning cinematographer who worked from the early days of silent films through the 1950s .
Born in London , he was the first cinematographer to receive an Academy Award , along with 1929 co-winner Karl Struss .
Rosher studied photography in his youth but earned a reputation early as a newsreel cameraman , before moving to the United States in 1909 .
He subsequently found work for David Horsley working in his production company in New Jersey .
Because early film was largely restricted to using daylight , Horsley relocated his production company to Hollywood in 1911 , taking Rosher with him , and opened the first movie studio there .
This made Rosher the first full - time cameraman in Hollywood .
In 1913 he went to Mexico to film newsreel footage of Pancho Villa ’s rebellion .
In 1918 , he was one of the founders of the American Society of Cinematographers and served as the group ’s first Vice - President .
In the 1920s he was one of the most sought - after cinematographers in Hollywood , and a personal favorite of stars such as Mary Pickford .
His work with Karl Struss on F.W. Murnau ’s 1927 film Sunrise is viewed as a milestone in cinematography .
In addition , Rosher also received two Eastman Medals ( named for George Eastman ) , Photoplay magazine ’s Gold Medal , and the only fellowship ever awarded by the Society of Motion Picture Engineers .
Above is an example of Rosher ’s revolutionary work on Sunrise .
Notable films : Sunrise ( 1927 ) , The Affairs of Cellini ( 1934 ) , Little Lord Fauntleroy ( 1936 ) , The Yearling ( 1946 ) , Annie Get Your Gun ( 1950 ) , Show Boat ( 1951 )
Long - gagged FBI whistleblower re-iterates request for citizen media in D.C. to show up at Saturday morning deposition ...
Brad Friedman Byon 8/7/2009 , 8:06 pm PT
The DoJ is now jumping into action , at least on behalf of covering the FBI 's rear , if not yet to issue any " states secrets " claims to stop the scheduled testimony of FBI whistleblower Sibel Edmonds in D.C. tomorrow morning in the Ohio Election Commission ( OEC ) case of Schmidt v. Krikorian .
Tonight Arthur Goldberg of the DoJ 's civil division sent a letter to the OEC's Executive Director Philip C. Richter , and Richter has replied .
Both letters are downloadable below , and the text is posted there as well .
In short , the DoJ has informed the OEC that Edmonds has " not complied with the procedures for obtaining authorization from the FBI , her former employer , prior to making any disclosure relating to information that she acquired in the course of her work for the FBI .
Therefore , she is not authorized to testify at the deposition . "
Edmonds and her attorneys argued earlier today in their letter to the FBI ( see today 's earlier story and documents ) that her employment agreements do not preclude her from answering a lawful subpoena , which they consider this to be , nor further do those agreements require approval from the FBI for oral , versus written , testimony .
She was subpoenaed earlier this week on behalf of candidate David Krikorian , who is defending himself in an OEC " false statements " claim by U.S. Rep. Jean Schmidt ( R - OH - 2nd ) .
The DoJ further claims in its letter that the OEC 's subpoena is not enforceable , because the deposition is to take place outside of Ohio .
In response , the OEC has said it will not enforce the subpoena , but it has not withdrawn it , either .
Thus , it seems , Krikorian is still within his rights to carry out the deposition at this time , and Edmonds tells
The BRAD BLOG she plans on being there in the morning to answer it .
As we reported earlier today , the National Whistleblowers Legal Defense & Education Fund , representing Edmonds , issued a statement [ PDF ] today blasting the FBI and DoJ 's attempts to block Edmonds ' testimony as " censorship " and trying to " silence [ a ] whistleblower . "
The Bush Administration 's DoJ had twice invoked the " state secrets " privilege in order to gag Edmonds , to keep her from testifying on matters they argued were of national security .
So far , however , the Obama Administration 's DoJ has failed to re-invoke that privilege , though it 's possible it still could do so prior to tomorrow 's testimony .
In a brief conversation with Edmonds moments ago , she re-iterated her belief that the " MSM will be a no - show tomorrow , " and therefore says " citizen journalists are needed " to cover what may happen at the deposition .
Both she and Krikorian , as well as attorneys from all sides , will be available to answer questions from media --- both corporate and citizen --- before and after the scheduled deposition tomorrow .
It is slated to begin at 10:30 am Saturday morning ( 8/8/09 ) at the National Whistleblowers Center , 3238 P St. NW , in Washington D.C. .
* * *
Tonight 's letter from the DoJ's Arthur Goldberg to the OEC's Philip C. Richter may be downloaded here [ PDF ] .
Richter 's reply to Goldberg may be downloaded here [ PDF ] .
The text of both letters now follow below in full ...
Aug 7 2009 BY FAX Philip C. Richter
Executive Director
Ohio Elections Commission
21 West Broad Street , Suit 600
Columbus , Ohio 43215 Re : Schmidt v. Krikorian --- testimony of Sibel Edmonds Dear Mr. Richter :
Thank you for taking the time to speak with my colleagues and me this afternoon about the above - captioned matter .
As stated in our letters of August 6 , 2009 , to the parties in the matter , Ms. Edmonds has not complied with the procedures for obtaining authorization from the FBI , her former employer , prior to making any disclosure relating to information that she acquired in the course of her work for the FBI .
Therefore , she is not authorized to testify at the deposition now scheduled for Saturday , August 8 , 2009 , here in Washington , D.C. Nor has Mr. Krikorian , whom we understand requested you to issue the subpoena from the Ohio Elections Commision , complied with the Department of Justice regulations , 28 C.F.R. §§ 16.21 - 16.29 , governing the provision of information by current and former employees of the Department .
In our telephone conversation , you acknlowedged that the subpoena you issued to Ms. Edmonds ' attorneys was not enforceable because the Commision 's jurisdiction does not extend beyond the boundaries of the State of Ohio , and that it was only entitled to whatever weight the parties to this dispute decided to give it .
In light of these circumstances , the Department of Justice requests that on behalf of the Ohio Election Commission you withdraw the subpoena in question and promptly notify the parties of this action .
Alternatively , we request that a copy of this letter be placed in the appropriate file or record related to this proceeding to note that the Department of Justice has a standing objection to any testimony provided at any deposition by Ms. Edmonds that relates to information she obtaine3d in the course of her employment with the FBI .
Thank you for your kind consideration of this request .
Sincerely
//signature //
Arthur R. Goldberg
Assistant Director
Federal Programs Branch
Civil Division cc : Mark Geragos ( via email )
Josh Bollinger ( via email )
Donald C. Brey ( via email )
Stephen Kohn ( via email )
August 7 , 2009 Arthur Goldberg , Esq .
Counsel
United States Department of Justice
Civil Division
Federal Programs Branch
Room 7316
20 Massachusetts Ave. , NW
Washington , D.C. 20001 Re : Ohio Elections Commission Case No. 2009E - 003 Dear Mr. Goldberg : For your information , on Tuesday August 4 , 2009 at 4:04 p.m. , the Commission received a Request to Issue Subpoena for the Deposition of Sibel Edmonds for the deponent to appear on Saturday August 8 , 2009 at 10:30 a.m. Pursuant to Ohio Revised Code § 3517.153 ( B ) , the Commission has the authority to issue subpoenas in matters pending before it .
The applicable sentence in this section reads as follows
The commission or a member of the commission may administer oaths , and the commission may issue subpoenas to any person in the state compelling the attendance of witnesses and the production of relevant papers , books , accounts , and reports .
Even though the deponent and the location of the deposition in this situation are not " in the state " of Ohio , it is standard operating procedure for Commission Staff to issue a subpoena when the parties submit a request to the Commission , unless the staff attorney to the Commission makes a determination that such issuance would be " overly burdensome or requested solely for the purpose of harassment or delay " .
This is true even if the party to whom the subpoena is issued is outside of the state .
This is done as an accommodation to the parties or a witness with the understanding that an issuance to a party outside of the State of Ohio is otherwise unenforceable by the Commission , an administrative agency in the state of Ohio .
In this situation , the Commission has no desire to involve itself in any controversy that attempts to extend the authority of a Commission subpoena beyond the statutory allowance granted the Commission under the terms of R.C. § 3517.153 ( B ) .
On behalf of the Commission , I was both unadvised and unaware of any limitations to which the deponent is subject .
While in the past I have taken vigorous action to enforce a Commission subpoena , and should a situation arise am prepared to do so in the future , I acknowledge that the Commission 's ability to take action to enforce one of its subpoena [ sic ] and any authority to compel the appearance of or testimony by a person receiving a Commission subpoena can only occur within the boundaries of the state of Ohio .
In light of your letter and these circumstances , I am not prepared to take any action available to the Commission under R.C. § 3517.153 ( B ) to compel the enforcement of the Commission 's subpoena to Sibel Edmonds on behalf of the Commission .
Please feel free to contact me if you have any additional questions or concerns .
Sincerely , Philip C. Richter
Executive Director cc : Vesper Mei , Esq. , Senior Counsel , U.S. Department of Justice
Christopher P. Finney , Esq. & Joshua B. Bollinger , Esq. , Counsel for Respondent , David Krikorian
Donald C. Brey , Esq. , Counsel for Complainant , Jeanne Schmidt
Steven Kohn , Esq. , Counsel for Deponent , Sibel Edmunds [ sic ]
Pictured :
The rare partial albino blackbird with a white head
An amazed couple took this picture after they spotted a rare bird with a white head and a black body in their garden .
The unusual blackbird is a daily visitor at the home of Terry Fairchild , 58 , and his wife Lorraine , 55 , in Burnham - on - Sea , Somerset .
Experts say it is a partial albino , which lucky to have survived into adulthood because its bright white head makes it highly visible to predators .
Rare : A partially - albino blackbird , nicknamed Whitey by Terry Fairchild and wife Lorraine , perches on a shed roof
Mrs Fairchild , a mother - of - two , who has nicknamed the bird Whitey , said : ' We first noticed Whitey about six months ago and could n't tell what type of bird he was .
' All I can remember was thinking how beautiful he was and how unusual he looked .
He certainly stood out .
' We tried numerous times to take a picture of him , but he is quite shy and flew off .
We did get lucky and got a photo of him sitting on the shed roof .
' We just wanted to know what type of bird he was because although he looked like a blackbird , he was n't completely black . '
Mr Fairchild , a welder , sent the pictures to the RSPB so they could identify the bird .
Spokesman Kiaran Nelson confirmed that Whitey was a partially - albino blackbird .
He said : ' These blackbirds are quite unusual and nature does n't always favour these birds .
' Partially - albino blackbirds can find it hard to survive over their all - black relatives because they stand out too much and can be rejected by their parents and siblings .
I 've had this low - level urge to try a new window manager for a few months now .
I work on a Linux box ( Ubuntu ) daily and mostly run a number of terminals , GNU Emacs , Mozilla Firefox , and Google Chrome .
Nothing too fancy , really .
Oh , and a shitty VPN client .
Background
Most of the time I 'm doing this in front of a 24 " ( or larger ) monitor running at 1920x1200 , so there 's a lot of screen real estate .
Yet I was always annoyed by how much time I spent moving windows around or trying to find the optimal layout -- always reaching for the mouse .
Years ago when 1024x768 was the norm , I ran a heavily customized fvwm2 and enjoyed it .
But then I made the move to Windows for a few years and came back to Linux with Ubuntu / Gnome as my " desktop . "
The Netbook
Months ago I wrote about how I love my Samsung NC10 .
When I 'm not at my desk , I 'll often use PuTTY to login , resume my screen session (s ) , and continue working .
For what it 's worth , I find that the free DejaVu Fonts ( specifically the Monospaced one ) works exceptionally well .
What I realized is that my method of having one terminal in full - screen mode on each " desktop " ( thanks to the Virtual Win virtual desktop manager ) is surprisingly productive , even on the little 10 " screen .
At first I considered this a fluke and attributed it mainly to the novelty of working this way .
But after a while I realized that it was the focus that this setup enforces .
There simply is n't enough room to have a browser on screen to distract me while I 'm coding something , reading email , etc .
I really need to focus one or a few tightly realted tasks .
The cognitive overload of having the whole Internet available really gets pushed off - screen and mostly out of mind .
Trying xmonad
After a discussion in our chatroom at work the other day , I finally decided to give a new window manger a try : xmonad .
A big help was Tom's Introduction to the xmonad Tiling Window Manager which gave me just the information I needed to get started .
I used it most of Friday and a bit off and on Saturday , both on my primary work computer and my " home " Linux desktop machine .
The experience has been surprisingly positive so far .
Most of the hassles have revolved around re-training my hands to learn some new keyboard shortcuts and finding replacements for the few GUI things that Gnome provided on my previous desktop .
On thing I particularly like is that most of the keybindings seem very sane out of the box with xmonad .
I have n't really needed to customize anything yet .
I have found that a couple keystrokes that I use in GNU Emacs appear to be intercepted by xmonad and I have n't found an easy way to undo that or at least discover what they 're supposed to do :
Alt -w and Alt -q are the two I 've noticed .
I also needed to resurrect an old xmodmap file that I could use to turn my CAPS LOCK into a Control key and re-discover the right xset command to set my key repeat rate higher than the default : xset r rate 250 30 .
Other than those few nits , it 's been pretty smooth sailing .
I definitely feel like I 'll be more productive in the long run a result of switching .
Have you tried a tiling window manager ?
Did you stick with it ?
Posted by jzawodn at September 20 , 2009 09:25 AM
Article here .
Excerpt :
' Feminist misinformation is pervasive .
In their eye - opening book , Professing Feminism : Education and Indoctrination in Women 's Studies ( Lexington Books , 2003 ) , the professors Daphne Patai and Noretta Koertge describe the " sea of propaganda " that overwhelms the contemporary feminist classroom .
The formidable Christine Rosen ( formerly Stolba ) , in her 2002 report on the five leading women 's - studies textbooks , found them rife with falsehoods , half - truths , and " deliberately misleading sisterly sophistries . "
Are there serious scholars in women 's studies ?
Yes , of course .
Sarah Blaffer Hrdy , an anthropologist at the University of California at Davis ; Janet Zollinger Giele , a sociologist at Brandeis ; and Anne Mellor , a literary scholar at UCLA , to name just three , are models of academic excellence and integrity .
But they are the exception .
Lemon 's book typifies the departmental mind - set .
...
All books have mistakes , so why pick on the feminists ?
My complaint with feminist research is not so much that the authors make mistakes ; it is that the mistakes are impervious to reasoned criticism .
They do not get corrected .
The authors are passionately committed to the proposition that American women are oppressed and under siege .
The scholars seize and hold on for dear life to any piece of data that appears to corroborate their dire worldview .
At the same time , any critic who attempts to correct the false assumptions is dismissed as a backlasher and an anti-feminist crank . '
French cinephile forum Vodkaster has created an in - depth infographic based on the most critically acclaimed films of all time .
The chart plots everything from Casablanca to Gandhi to Dr. Strangelove , arranged in a flowchart .
Click through to see the expanded version ; below are some screen shots detailing the organization of the graph .
Note the ingenious genre breakdowns , from “ dramas about tolerance ” to “ masterpieces about show business . ”
Police in Papua New Guinea are hunting for a notorious criminal after violence at a school fete left eight people dead and a severed head hanging from a power pole .
According to local media , an armed gang attacked villagers gathered at the fete in Kainantu district last Friday , and killed four people .
One report said the gang 's leader interrupted a speech by a local magistrate , produced a gun and shot him dead .
The villagers retaliated by killing three of the gang members .
One was beheaded and the head hung on a power pole .
Another suspected gang member was killed the next day .
The gang 's leader , Patrick Sira , is wanted by police over a string of murders , rapes and robberies .
He was able to escape but may have been shot in the leg .
Police have been unavailable for comment .
The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio , television , wire , satellite and cable .
The FCC may penalize licensees for knowingly broadcasting false information .
As public trustees , broadcasters may not intentionally distort the news .
Broadcasters are responsible for deciding what their stations present to the public .
The FCC has stated publicly that “ rigging or slanting the news is a most heinous act against the public interest . ”
If you would like to contact the FCC , or file a complaint , the applicable information has been added to FNB .
Click here for FCC contact info
Share this article
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - China ’s $ 200 billion sovereign wealth fund , which lost big on its ill - timed 2007 Morgan Stanley and Blackstone bets , plans to invest up to $ 2 billion in U.S. mortgages as it eyes a property market rebound , two people with direct knowledge of the matter said Monday .
A " For Sale - Bank Owned " sign sits in front of a home in Pontiac , Michigan , June 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
China Investment Corp plans to soon invest in U.S. taxpayer - subsidized investment funds that will acquire “ toxic ” mortgage - backed securities from the nation ’s banks .
CIC believes these assets are a safer bet than buying into the U.S. Federal Reserve ’s Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , the people with direct knowledge said .
CIC is in talks with nine U.S. Treasury - designated Public - Private Investment Plan managers , the sources said .
They include : AllianceBernstein Holding , with sub-advisers Greenfield Partners LLC and Rialto Capital Management LLC ; Angelo , Gordon & Co LP with GE Capital Real Estate , a unit of General Electric Co ; BlackRock Inc ; Invesco Ltd ; Marathon Asset Management LP ; Oaktree Capital Management LP ; Trust Company of the West , a unit of Legg Mason ; RLJ Western Asset Management LP , a venture formed by Legg ’s Western Asset Management unit ; and Wellington Management Co LLP .
CIC is expected to decide this month which of the nine PPIP managers will handle its investments in mortgage - backed securities under the PPIP plan , the sources said .
The fund is likely to select several , not all , of the firms , said the sources , who have direct knowledge of the matter , but asked not to be identified as the talks are confidential .
CIC cannot invest directly in the PPIP .
CIC , BlackRock , Legg Mason and AllianceBernstein declined to comment .
Officials from the other investment managers were not immediately available .
U.S. TREASURY APPROVES
Under the Public - Private Investment Plan launched earlier this year , the U.S. government plans to seed a number of investment funds with taxpayer money .
When combined with money from other investors , these private sector - managed funds are expected to soak up as much as $ 40 billion in soured , hard - to - sell securities clogging the balance sheets of banks .
CIC ’s move comes after the United States and China ended their first annual Strategic and Economic Dialogue late last month .
The two countries agreed to lead the global economy out of recession , with China seeking safer investments in the world ’s leading economy .
“ The Chinese government is always trying to seek a more ideal way to invest in U.S. assets rather than purely buying U.S. government bonds all the time , ” said the source .
“ Some might think $ 2 billion for a $ 200 billion sovereign fund is not big money , but it can be regarded as an innovative and positive option for Chinese investment , ” the source added .
The U.S. Treasury has been informed the nine designated PPIP managers are in talks to receive CIC money , and supports bringing foreign investors such as CIC into the PPIP program , the sources said .
Early this year , some U.S. asset managers approached CIC to invest in their funds focused on mortgage securities sold into the market under the TALF , the sources said , but the Chinese declined given the uncertain outlook at the time for U.S. economic recovery .
They noted , however , that these TALF - focused funds performed well in the second quarter as global markets perked up following the long financial crisis triggered by the U.S. property market .
Compared with TALF , the PPIP program focuses on safer securities that have so - called “ Triple - A ” ratings by at least two credit - rating agencies and debts guaranteed by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , the sources explained .
“ In this case , CIC feels safer to invest , and the safer it feels , the more confident it will naturally feel about its investments as well as in the prospects for the U.S. economy , ” said one of the sources .
CIC , established by China ’s Communist government in late 2007 , is eager to participate in the PPIP as it expects the U.S. property market will recover gradually late this year , said the sources .
In June , Reuters reported Asia -Pacific sovereign wealth funds including CIC and Singapore ’s Temasek , which have been rocked by soured bets on western financial companies , were diversifying into the riskier arena of distressed asset investments .
CIC ’s $ 200 billion fund is part of China ’s roughly $ 2 trillion of foreign exchange reserves .
The majority of its reserves are in U.S. government bonds .
Bloodbath is a Swedish death metal supergroup formed in Stockholm in 1998 when , one evening , friends Mikael Åkerfeldt Jonas Renkse and Dan Swanö , had the idea to play death metal in the realm of Entombed , mixed with some of the US Florida death metal scene bands .
Quite simply , Bloodbath was born out of this shared admiration for quality death metal in the old style & the guys quickly realized that they could churn some ugly metal out to a pretty high standard .
Mikael Åkerfeldt left Bloodbath about a year after the release of " Resurrection Through Carnage&q … read more
Mike Zafirovski
Source : Nortel
After being brought on board four years ago to help turn around one - time telecom giant Nortel , its president and CEO , Mike Zafirovski , is now being shown the door .
Zafirvoski's departure comes as the bankrupt telecom vendor releases its second - quarter fiscal 2009 financial results showing continuing losses .
Zafirovski joined Nortel in 2005 after serving as the COO of Motorola .
Under his tenure , Zafirvoski stated in 2007 that Nortel was back -- but by January of 2009 with a mounting losses and a declining economy , Nortel filed for bankruptcy protection .
Under bankruptcy protection , Nortel has continued to lose money .
For the second quarter of its fiscal 2009 , Nortel reported a net loss of $ 274 million , or $ 0.55 per common share .
The second - quarter loss is more than double the $ 113 million net loss that Nortel reported for the second quarter of 2008 .
On a sequential basis , Nortel has slowed its rate of losses , for the first quarter of 2009 , Nortel reported a net loss of $ 507 million .
A large part of Nortel 's second - quarter 2009 net loss increase is directly related to its ongoing bankruptcy protection activities .
Nortel reported that it incurred reorganization costs of $ 130 million related to proceedings .
Revenues at Nortel for the second quarter of 2009 were reported at $ 1.97 billion , a decrease of 25 percent on a year - over - year basis , but a gain of 14 percent sequentially over the first quarter of 2009 .
Zafirovski joined Nortel at a time when the company was trying to recover from an accounting scandal and management challenges .
Zafirovski's predecessor , Bill Owens , lasted just over a year as CEO after stepping in to replace former CEO Frank Dunn in 2004 .
Nortel 's accounting mishaps resulted in the restatement of financial results for 2000 , 2001 and 2002 , as well as the first and second quarters of 2003 .
" Mike came to Nortel to transform this company , " Harry Pearce , chairman of Nortel 's board of directors , said in a statement .
" It was unfortunate the transformation was derailed by a deteriorating economic climate and the company 's legacy cost structure .
The operating improvements and strategic investments made during his tenure significantly contributed to the fact that Nortel 's businesses are so attractive to potential buyers today . "
Zafivoski is not being replaced with a new CEO : Instead Nortel 's management structure is being reorganized such that the individual business units will now report to the Chief Restructuring Officer , Pavi Binning .
Nortel has been selling itself off in pieces over the course of 2009 .
In April , Nortel sold off its Alteon application networking gear to Radware for $ 18 million .
In late July , Nortel named Swedish vendor Ericsson the winner of its wireless business , with a price tag of $ 1.13 billion .
Nortel and Ericsson testified before a Canadian parliament committee last week that the deal was n't against the nation 's best interests .
The Nortel Enterprise business unit is next up with an auction set for September 11th .
Avaya has started the bidding , at $ 475 million .
Nortel 's Metro Ethernet business is also still up for grabs .
So far , it does not have an auction date listed for its assets .
Hello reader .
Where are you reading this ?
In the paper ?
On the website ?
On an iPhone ?
Is the Guardian even available on the iPhone ?
Bet it is .
There 's probably even a little downloadable application that lets you turn the pages by tilting it to one side .
After all , there 's an " app " for everything .
There 's one that turns the iPhone into a motion - sensitive light sabre : it makes wooshy Star Wars noises as you swipe it around .
Really passes the time during the unrelenting march to the grave , that .
I 'm unmoved in the face of friends screaming at me to join the iPhone cult .
It 's horrible .
Here are a few iPhone apps I 'd like to see :
1 . An app that makes the iPhone scream ' I'VE GOT AN IPHONE !' each time the user pulls it out of their pocket .
Once activated , it would be impossible to switch off .
The only way to stop the constant embarrassment would be to repeatedly crack the device against a wall , or preferably your own face , until it shattered .
2 . An app billed as a " comical toilet paper simulator " .
You switch it on , pretend to " wipe " your backside , and hey presto : the screen appears smeared with virtual pixilated poo .
But – ho ho – just like the screaming iPhone app above , it 's a permanent booby trap .
Once you 've performed your first comical wipe , in a frankly desperate bid to impress your non -iPhone - owning friends , it 's impossible for the screen to revert to its original state .
Instead , you 're left with no option but to go home and cry .
3 . An app that makes your iPhone unexpectedly oscillate and explode halfway through a conversation to a loved one , sending thousands of miniscule shards of plastic and silicon hurtling into your ear canal like a swarm of angry pins .
As a bonus , the detonation also blasts your hand apart like a spent casing .
Why ?
Because you bought an iPhone , silly .
Still , there 's a good chance you 're reading this on an LCD display of some description , rather than on paper .
There are advantages and drawbacks to both platforms .
The paper version can be rolled up , scribbled on , and read on the tube .
If I write something obnoxious – something about the hilarious inherent low - self - esteem of iPhone owners , perhaps – the page can be torn out , screwed into a ball and thrown across the room , thus providing a slender amount of catharsis .
( Come to think of it , iPhone owners can probably download an app that makes a satisfying " thwock " sound as they bat the paper ball across the room with their ridiculous handheld toys ) .
Paper is tactile , and that 's a plus .
Trouble is , you have to pay for it .
Not so online .
In Webland , it 's yours for free .
Better still , the byline pictures are slightly smaller , so there 's less chance you 'll be sick .
But it is n't tactile .
Here , catharsis comes in the form of interactive feedback – so if ( for example ) you 're a uniquely inadequate , unfulfilled and unattractive sort of man , and the article you 're reading happens to have been written by a woman – any woman – you can vent your annoyance in a series of inadvertently revealing messages , then masturbate into a sock .
( This describes 33 % of all messages on all news websites .
Check if you do n't believe me . )
Still , at least the misogynists know what 's making them angry .
There 's an astounding level of unfocused rage on the internet , which is weird considering it 's full of people getting something for nothing .
Films , TV shows , music , newspaper reports . . . none of it costing a penny .
But newspapers wo n't be free for ever .
At least that 's what Rupert Murdoch thinks , and he 's probably evil enough to know .
Last week he announced the Sun and the Times are to start charging for their online editions .
But will it work ?
Nope .
Not until someone perfects a system of universal online micro-payments once and for all .
Some simple means of easily " tossing a penny in a cup " for the internet is required .
Everyone knows it ; no one 's managed to crack it .
Sure , there are systems such as PayPal ( familiar to anyone who 's used eBay ) , but they 're fiddly and boring .
What 's needed is something universal and user - friendly .
But more than that , it should be fun .
That 's right .
It should be intrinsically fun to spend money .
How ?
Huh ?
Wuh ?
Listen .
If you ask me , one potential answer to the newspaper industry 's woes lies somewhere in videogame design .
A simple payment system should n't just be easy to set up : it should be intrinsically satisfying to use .
It should feel positively Nintendo .
Look at the Wii . Look at the micro-games in Rhythm Paradise , or Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars , both on the Nintendo DS .
That 's how online payments should work .
They should have the illusion of being tactile .
On your desktop : a cartoon purse filled with fat gold coins .
Pull out a penny .
It shimmers on the screen .
Drag it toward a " coin slot " situated right there on the web page you want to view , and drop it in .
It disappears with a satisfying ker -chunk .
And you 're in .
If you 're feeling cavalier , you can throw your coin toward the slot ; with practice it wo n't bounce off the rim .
And hey , iPhone users : we 'll even let you play .
You can " fling " coins from your phone directly on to the screen .
One page costs one penny : not too off - putting for anyone – and crucially , the teeny spoonful of fun and satisfaction you derived from playing with that virtual coin each time is worth the penny anyway .
Has anyone else thought of this already ?
If not , consider it patented right now , by me .
I 'll settle for 0.001 % of every penny spent for all eternity , thanks .
And now , over to the Dragons .
Authored by : red floyd on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 04:59 PM EDT
Please put the correction in the title , if possible , so PJ can find it .
---
I am not merely a " consumer " or a " taxpayer " .
I am a * CITIZEN * of the United
States of America .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : red floyd on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:02 PM EDT
Please use the title of the newspick as your comment title .
---
I am not merely a " consumer " or a " taxpayer " .
I am a * CITIZEN * of the United
States of America .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : DaveF on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:02 PM EDT
PJ asks : " Is your horse * really * faster ?
If so , why shoot my horse ? "
Is n't it obvious ?
I shot your poor horse because mine was obviously so much
faster ...
Hope that helps .
---
Imbibio , ergo sum [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : red floyd on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:03 PM EDT
Please use clickies ( see the red text below the submission box ) .
On -topic posters will have to sign a purchase agreement for SCOXQ .
---
I am not merely a " consumer " or a " taxpayer " .
I am a * CITIZEN * of the United
States of America .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : TheBlueSkyRanger on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:27 PM
EDT
Hey , everybody !
So ... just how bad is this ?
On the one hand , it looks like breaking M$ ' stranglehold looks nearly
impossible .
And yet ....
At first , I was going to say responsibility falls to us to start patronizing
those that either embrace Linux ( System 76 ) or go used hardware to keep our
money out of the hands of those who sell us out .
Then I think , but that 's just those of us aware of this stuff , the general
public does n't care .
Then I think , maybe they do care .
More and more people are hearing of Linux ( I 'm ignoring Mac , since M$ is n't
really directing any ire towards them , so I 'm figuring they are n't in the race ) .
People are not buying Vista .
They are n't buying the Zune .
They are n't buying
the XBox .
And , despite M$ being able to say frog and manufacturers jump , Linux is still
spreading .
Maybe not as fast as it could , but it definitely is spreading .
What I 'm wondering is , was this smoking gun fired at something essentially
bulletproof ?
Dobre utka ,
The Blue Sky Ranger [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : DebianUser on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:34 PM
EDT
There seems to be no problem finding cellphones with a variety of operating
systems and software on them .
I have not a lot of kind thoughts about the
restrictions , plans , lock - in , and other aspects of the cell phone business as
practiced by the wireless operators , but at least there is diversity in platform
availability despite Microsoft 's efforts to push WinCE into that market .
I 'd buy one of those Snapdragon netbooks in the time it took to fumble for my
wallet and get a credit card out .
What has to actually happen to get them on the
market ?
Can we call it an oversize cellphone ( add a sim card slot ) to get them
in production ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : PolR on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:39 PM EDT
This leaves a huge opportunity for a maverick entrepreneur .
If you are willing
to sell low cost linux devices you are guaranteed an exclusive access to the
Linux market for quite a while since Microsoft wo n't let anyone else get into
this market but other entrepreneurs using the same strategy as you .
If you build your hardware directly from chips , never sell a Windows version and
use a direct sales model so you do n't need a retailer , there is no place where
Microsoft can pressure you because you do n't need them at all .
And if Microsoft
ca n't pressure you , you can grow your exclusive Linux market until you have
established your brand and build a profitable business .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:42 PM EDT
Not quite true to say there are no Linux netbooks available .
For example , Dell
is selling the Mini 10 with Ubuntu .
A recent Dell mailing I got surprised me by actually advertising this fact .
Its
the first time I 've seen Dell volunteer the information that they 'll sell a
system with Linux on it .
Used to be you had to know where to look .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 05:56 PM EDT
The ' new ' DoJ has threatened Google , multiple times .
The ' old ' Microsoft continues their predatory ways .
I often wonder if the rumored cooperation between MS and NSA is a factor .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : jbb on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 06:09 PM EDT
I have absolutely no doubt that MS is trying to squash Linux by all means fair and foul .
But that does not mean that all Linux setbacks are due to MS .
For example Computer World reports that NVidia is saying Windows CE is better than Android on netbooks : Mike Rayfield , general manager for Nvidia 's mobile business unit , said Nvidia preferred Microsoft 's Windows CE over Android because of CE 's maturity .
He said Android currently has a rough user interface .
...
For instance , Android screen icons that fit on smartphone screens ( usually 4 - inches and under ) are oversized on a smartbook 's 8 - or 9 - inch screen , he said .
ISTM possible that the Snapdragon was pulled from Computex simply because the UI was poor .
The comments from Nvidia 's Mike Rayfield make sense to me .
But in other news , The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Acer is planning to launch an Android based netbook in the third quarter of 2009 .
This seems to jive with the NVidia comments that Android is not quite ready for netbook primetime .
---
You just can't win with DRM .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Stumbles on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 06:51 PM EDT
To quote PJ ; ... regulatory body that can get Microsoft 's fat fanny off of Linux ... , forget that .
Where is this judge that is supposed to be watching Microsoft .
You know , the one that has n't done squat since Microsoft was convicted by the DOJ for illegal monopolistic practices .
---
You can tuna piano but you can't tune a fish .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : wowbagger on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 07:07 PM EDT
Unfortunately , this is NOT a smoking gun .
This is more like somebody saying
" Yes , I saw a smoking gun .
No , I do n't have the gun . "
Yes , I think we all " know " that Microsoft was leaning on Asus in this
matter .
I think we all " know " that Microsoft is doing everything they
can to stall , delay , and destroy Netbooks Which Are Not Running Windows .
I put " know " in scare - quotes because while we may " know " it
we cannot prove it , and the statements by the manufacturers are not proof .
Microsoft can ( and likely will ) say " Oh heaven forfend !
We would NEVER say
or do anything like that - < voice person = " Richard M. Nixon " >
It
would be wrong !</ voice >
We welcome any and all competition because we feel
we offer the best value for the users .
That manufacturer 's rep is mistaken , and
cannot prove a thing he is alleging . "
In other words , a " smoking gun " would be an email , phone call , letter ,
internal memorandum , or other communication traceable to a higher - up at
Microsoft .
The Halloween Documents were smoking guns .
This , unfortunately , is not .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 07:47 PM EDT
PJ , you know as well as the rest of us that M$ can't compete on a level playing
field .
If they tried " let [ting ] the market speak " , they 'd LOSE market
share so fast it'd make all our heads spin !
( I wish I could think of more
eloquent words to express this . ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 08:30 PM EDT
Sorry if I seem naïve , but I think PJ has misinterpreted Mr. Chang 's quote ( I 'm not entirely sure that Mr. Blankenhorn did the same ) .
To me , Mr. Chang 's quote could be paraphrased as " We are a hardware consortium , just like the Open Source Consortium .
They [ the OSC ] want to promote Open Source and Linux .
But when you [ again , the OSC ] attempt to start that promotion on the PC , you have to contend with Windows , which is scary .
So they [ once again , OSC ] avoid the PC platform for now , and try start with PDAs and smartphones , where Windows is n't so much of a threat " .
In other words , he is not saying the hardware manufacturers refrain from bringing GNU / Linux netbooks to market because they are scared of Microsoft , but rather putting the guilt on OSC 's hands .
Under this interpretation , the reason for the absence on GNU / Linux on netbooks would be that OSC chooses not to compete in that arena , but rather on the smartphone and PDA .
I do n't buy it , of course : it would surprise me very much if OSC were chicken to confront Windows in the netbook market .
I am afraid that Mr. Chang may have just been doing a pretty good job of weaseling out of an uncomfortable question , but I do n't think this quoute is anywhere near a smoking gun ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Alternative interpretation ?
- Authored by : PJ on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 08:54 PM EDT Alternative interpretation ?
- Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 09:59 AM EDT
- Authored by : PJ on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 08:54 PM EDT
Authored by : The Mad Hatter r on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 09:16 PM EDT
Tweaktown has a video of it .
Based on what I saw , there 's nothing wrong with the UI .
In fact the only problem I can see , is that it threatens Microsoft 's monopoly .
---
Wayne
http://crankyoldnutcase.blogspot.com/
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : kawabago on Friday , June 19 2009 @ 11:40 PM EDT
My boyfriend has agreed that when his Vista computer becomes so virus encrusted
I have to reformat the drive , I can install Linux .
That 's a big step forward
from , " I do n't want that ! "
He got frustrated with Apple limitations
and he 's starting to see that Linux actually works better than Microsoft .
He
already prefers aisleriot solitaire to MS 's meager offerings .
Linux is going to win , no doubt about it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 02:50 AM EDT
Danish version2.dk has reported that Microsoft has " kindly asked " MSI
to end sales of Wind U115 because it uses both an SSD and a harddrive .
This is a little OT since the machine is designed for Windows XP .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 04:03 AM EDT
Funny that has never stopped vendors in the past from filling
order books on the basis of the first few drops of condensation
from their latest vaporware .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Ian Al on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 05:14 AM EDT
When I was young , I used to see a squat , chunky guy , slightly balding with wild hair and dressed in dirty , shabby clothes walking up and down the middle of the high street shouting obscenities at the passing traffic .
Eventually , a kindly copper on the beat would escort him safely from the middle of the road and send him on his way .
I thought the guy was weird .
Now , I am decades older and wiser and I see that he was a savant .
It may be too late for me to join him .
And another thing .
My main desktop and my laptop are elderly , but perform pretty well .
Would you all stop putting up links to System 76 .
It beats me as to why you would ever think I would be weak and silly enough to buy a top of the range , ' Mad Dog ' desktop .
---
Regards
Ian Al
Linux : Viri can't hear you in free space .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : DaveJakeman on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 06:33 AM
EDT
Thanks for posting this , PJ , this is the heads - up that was needed .
Microsoft has squeezed Linux out of the netbook marketplace and is trying to
disguise the fact by claiming Windows is more popular on netbooks , because
that 's what users are crying out for ( see shill postings above ) .
No , users are
crying out for something simple , cheap and reliable , that does what they want
and " just works " .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Heads Up - Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 04:39 PM EDT
Authored by : globularity on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 07:06 AM EDT
While I would not agree that it is a blatant admission , Chinese English is
slightly different and this could be read two ways , insufficient market or they
got stepped on by Microsoft .
If there was insufficient market then it would not make sense to develop a
product then drop it before that market was tested , so the Microsoft
interference version wins .
Intel used the same tactics against AMD in the late 90's and the Taiwanese MB
makers were just as helpful to the monopolist , they are slow learners .
I really do not get some of these corporate types , I would love the opportunity
to stick it to a stand over man .
for Microsoft to interfere they need to
communicate their message , avoid telephone and face to face communication as
much as possible , keep call logs tape the calls , use Email as much as possible
save everything .
Revenge will be sweet when the next non US antitrust case comes
around .
It would seem easy for Taiwanese officials to trap Microsoft then hit them with
a massive RICO or antitrust case .
And just to make sure watch any political
decision makers like a hawk and if any Microsoft money goes that way , wait till
the politician shows their hand before deciding to either bury them or warn them
off this is a perfect use for an intelligence agency , a foreign entity trying to
interfere in a political process is a national security issue .
---
Windows vista , a marriage between operating system and trojan horse .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 12:17 PM EDT
Can we find out the email address and start Linux campaign .
Tell them we want
Snapdragon with Linux ?
I want one .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Linux on Netbooks : The Smoking Gun - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , June 25 2009 @ 12:00 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 01:04 PM EDT
This article is a bit skewed .
While MS has stepped on Linux adoption on the
netbook , it is n't due to underhanded dirty tactics .
No , that would be far to
easy .
The reasons Linux adoption on the netbook is poor , are simple :
#1) People like what they know , and they know windows .
# 2) Linux is n't Linux , it is Linux(s ) .
Each distribution is the same , and yet
different enough to confuse people .
#3) Linux on the desktop still , is not easy enough for non-technical users .
# 4) When comparing the ease of use of slightly less often used tasks , usability
on linux becomes extremely technical .
If the point of the article is to pretend Linux is a viable alternative to
Windows , and that if the consumers were given the choice they would choose
windows .
They have
http://blog.laptopmag.com/msi-wind-coming-to-major-retailer-new-models-coming-so
on and linux is loosing .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 01:08 PM EDT
Archos is releasing a 500GB Ubuntu netbook with 2GB ram for about the same price
$ 350 ( +$ 25 ) as the WinXP 160 GB / 1GB RAM version
http://archosfans.com/2009/06/15/archos-10-ubuntu-with-500gb-hard-disk-and-2gb-r
am - released /
I filmed the best ARM based laptop videos from Computex at
http://techvideoblog.com/?s=arm [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 01:42 PM EDT
There is no " death of the netbook " , Asus is a Chinese company and they
play it strategic .
They invest in Linux and Microsoft pays them to include
Windows .
Every hardware manufacturer tries that now and therefore companies have
to credibly invest in Linux to get the Redmond rent .
Look how much stuff is
coming from Taiwan , how openwrt or lxde take up , and the hardware manufacturers
use their committments as a strategic tool .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : sciamiko on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 03:42 PM EDT
Thank you , PJ , for bringing this all clearly to our attention , and I hope that
you are not kept too busy keeping at bay all the trash that it is bound to
attract .
Taking on SCO is one thing , but tackling MS directly is something else .
s .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : argee on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 04:28 PM EDT
Go to Amazon.com
Enter " Aspire one linux "
First one that pops up is the A110L model , you know , the
first one ... 3 cell , linpus lite , 8 GB SSD , 512 RAM , plain
white color .
And the price ?
A mere US $ 650.00 !!
Heck of a deal !
Viva Linux !
We are saved !
---
--
argee [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : LuYu on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 09:14 PM EDT
Let us customers choose what we prefer from a fair and even playing field , please .
Well , I think we can all fairly assume that is impossible .
If MS had played fairly , everybody would be using Macs or even BeOS today , and this whole SCO fiasco would never have occurred .
The fact is that MS 's entire history as a company has been based on deliberate misrepresentations about , well , everything .
It is all smoke and mirrors .
I saw this personally at COMPUTEX , and it was not pretty .
I also fear that I deserve part of the blame .
About six months ago , I showed an MS employee my Eee901 .
The individual in question started pointing out all the supposed flaws of Xandros ( not from first hand experience but from hearsay ) .
I then pointed out that my book was running Ubuntu and shot down pretty much every argument the individual had about usability .
The conversation turned to my phone which was also running Linux .
The MS rep turned white and changed the subject .
It was right about that time that MS started really laying down the law about Linux with the OEMs .
I certainly hope that was a coincidence .
As a side note , I would like to hear the Groklaw view on how responsible MS is for the current economy .
In Taiwan , computer manufacturing is obviously a very important sector .
If people and businesses are not buying PCs because they do not want to buy Vista , does that mean the recent sluggish tech market is MS 's fault ?
Secondly , if Linux gave rise to the only profitable class of products over the last year and a half , will MS 's suppression of Linux lead to a slump in netbook sales ?
Has MS 's unlawful and immoral monopoly gone so far as to affect everyone 's wallet ?
---
" Proprietary software is an antisocial practice . "
-- Richard M. Stallman [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , June 20 2009 @ 11:27 PM EDT
The article complains , wondering where the DOJ is in all this .
Well , rather than
sit on your thumbs , file a complaint with the DOJ :
http://www.usdoj.gov/atr/contact/newcase.htm
They will hear from me tomorrow when I type out my thoughts .
Maybe it would help
to hear from you folks , too , rather than sitting around waiting for them to find
this out .
To quote them : " Information from the public is vital to the work of the
Antitrust Division .
Your e-mails , letters , and phone calls could be our first
alert to a possible violation of antitrust laws and may provide the initial
evidence needed to begin an investigation . "
So get off your duffs and do something for once .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , June 21 2009 @ 03:24 AM
EDT
two ways to get XP on an EeePC .
It 's unbelievably complicated , and I expect if the only way to get XP on a netbook was this , XP would have about 1 % of the market .
Maybe 10 years ago , you 'd have been right .
But most of today 's PC owners can't do anything more " technically advanced " than putting an optical disk into the computer and waiting for it to tell them what to do .
A problem that gets worse every year is that the reading skills of the general population are declining .
A significant number of PC owners would not be able to understand the instructions you linked to .
And that 's people whose native language is English .
The page has links to translations into 10 other languages , but the ones I can read all mean " this page does not exist yet " , and the others have text of about the same length .
( For comparison , the installation instructions for Debian on Intel appear to be available in 15 languages , and all the ones I checked seemed to be complete .
They 're also genuine translations , not Babelfish - generated rubbish . ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : s65_sean on Sunday , June 21 2009 @ 07:35 AM EDT
Here 's what they'd have to do , two ways to get XP on an EeePC .
Neither you nor the linked article mentioned the payment for licensing needed to get Windows XP installed onto a Linux Netbook .
I just did a quick search , and the cheapest that I can find a new " full install " license for Windows XP ( not an upgrade , as you would not be upgrading an earlier installation of Windows ) , is just under $ 100.00 .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , June 22 2009 @ 07:45 AM
EDT
" Here 's what they'd have to do , two ways to get XP on an EeePC .
It 's
unbelievably complicated , and I expect if the only way to get XP on a netbook
was this , XP would have about 1 % of the market . "
What , has n't Microsoft heard of the Live CD ?
Oh , right , then you could install Windows anywhere , and they would lose track of
where it was authorized to be installed .
( Knock up the side of my head )
It 's all a matter of perspective .
No wonder they have to twist the arms of the
vendors to keep MS as the only install .
It seems to me that a blatant squash of the Snapdragon should be grounds for a
new FTC investigation !!!! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , June 22 2009 @ 08:04 AM EDT
My choice to WWOOF in New Zealand was impulsive and uninformed , at best .
Upon learning of the WWOOF program I quickly visited the WWOOF New Zealand website , saw a beautiful picture of a young WWOOFer in New Zealand working proudly in a garden , and was hooked .
I sent in the small fee and became a member of WWOOF New Zealand .
I envisioned roaming the picturesque New Zealand countryside , living cheaply on farms , and spending my days happily sweating in the sunshine with like - minded people .
Having just graduated from college and feeling completely unready to do the real world thing , this seemed like a great adventure .
Though I was by no means a farmer ( my parents love to remind me of my total disinterest in their large garden , and my amusing inability to discern the spinach patch from the beet greens ) , I had raked blueberries and de-tasseled corn with enthusiasm , and I knew that I would enjoy any task which involved getting dirty and being outside .
So I was off to New Zealand !
My first WWOOFing site was with a family on an eco-village .
Arranging this could n't have been easier — I sent them an email ( the address attained from my WWOOF - NZ directory ) while I was still in the U.S. , then called them once I arrived in Auckland .
They were extremely kind and hospitable , and even picked me up from my hostel in Auckland and brought me to their home in Northland .
Their generosity was shocking ( nearly uncomfortably for this American ) !
They gave me the first few days off to rest up ; set me up in their daughter 's bedroom while she moved onto a cot in the parent 's bedroom ; took me to beaches and museums ; and refused to let me help with anything .
It was strange .
The experience was new to both of us ; they had never hosted a WWOOFer before , and I had never WWOOFed before , so we both were on uncertain ground and I often felt they did n't know what to do with me .
As it worked out , I worked for about six hours each day doing odd jobs around the house ( bush clearing , weed pulling , painting , sanding , even babysitting ) and then would have the rest of the day off .
It was a fair arrangement and I was treated wonderfully , but I was quite lonely ( being miles from anything with no email / phone , and never seeing anyone else my own age ) .
I stayed there for three weeks , and then called another WWOOF host and arranged to move on .
My next WWOOF experience was radically different from my first .
Radically .
I ended up at a beautiful bed and breakfast / horse farm , where I was expected to work all day riding horses and cleaning the guest 's rooms .
The work was not particularly hard and I loved riding the horses , but it was not a fair arrangement and I encountered many other very disgruntled WWOOFers there .
I must say that I had a lot of good and interesting experiences at this farm , and for the most part enjoyed the work , but would not have been able to deal with the constant work ( and the incredibly zany host ) if I had not maintained a strict ' go with the flow ' attitude about it .
Most other WWOOFers stayed for only a day or two before leaving in a huff .
After a few weeks , I , too , was glad to leave .
The third , and last farm I WWOOFed at ended up being the best .
I felt very fortunate to have found it , and WWOOFing there helped me to understand what WWOOFing should really be .
The hosts were exceptionally nice and fair , the work arrangement was clearly defined , and there were always at least five other WWOOFers also working there .
Upon arriving , I became instant friends with the other WWOOFers ( we still keep in touch ) and felt very comfortable with the whole situation .
Our duties were to keep the house clean , to care for and ride the horses , and to do various tasks in the garden .
After our work was finished , we were encouraged to go off on our own horse rides , explore the town , or just relax in front of the television .
The combination of enjoyable / hard work and meaningful friendships made this experience memorable and fulfilling .
This , truly , was what I had envisioned WWOOFing to be .
My advice for future WWOOFers — at least those going to New Zealand — is to be ready for anything .
Of course , everyone ( like myself ) has an image of what WWOOFing will be , and while this image should be used as a guide , be careful not to reject any experience that does n't measure up to your expectations .
Even my worst WWOOFing moments taught me something , and , if nothing else , make for really interesting stories to tell people back at home .
I do suggest , however , trying to get a feel for a place before agreeing to WWOOF there .
Every WWOOF host is different , and there is really no way of knowing ( via one phone call ) what the realities on that farm will be .
Here are some great questions to ask a prospective host :
• What kind of work will I be doing ?
• How many hours will I work per day ?
• Will I get a day off ?
• Do you often have WWOOFers ?
If so , how long do they usually stay ?
• Do you have any other WWOOFers currently ?
I HIGHLY recommend going to farms with other WWOOFers — not only will you have more fun , but you are also less likely to be exploited .
Farms who depend on WWOOF labor will be well set up to host WWOOFers , and will probably have a clearly defined ( and fair ) work arrangement .
Also be sure to ask about the diet of the host — some farms do not like vegetarians and will not provide vegetarian fare , while others only accept people willing to give up meat .
Finally , you may want to ask about the town and about your access to it .
Lots of hosts will provide bikes and even cars for WWOOFers , but some are VERY isolated ( meaning you should stock up on shampoo and chocolate before arriving ) .
All in all , I was very happy with my time WWOOFing .
It enabled me to travel all of New Zealand for little money , helped me to sharpen my horseriding skills , and introduced me to many great people .
Though I still have trouble telling spinach from beet greens , I know a whole lot more about New Zealand and the world .
I do n't know if I 'll ever WWOOF again , but I am glad to have done it once , and I think that for a hasty and impulsive decision , it turned out to be amazing .
Article contributed by Rebecca Morey Explore more Farming Jobs »
With every new day , a new development seems to unfold in the sexual assault civil action against Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and a battalion of employees at Harrah ’s in Lake Tahoe .
And with each development , the claims made by the woman accusing Roethlisberger of sexual assault seem to become weaker .
Though we ’ve yet to see a smoking gun , the most recent series of e-mails produced as exhibits to a motion , filed today , to dismiss the claims against several of the Harrah ’s employees is perhaps the closest thing we ’ve seen to evidence directly refuting the notion that Roethlisberger raped the plaintiff .
In an e-mail that the accuser sent to Guy Hyder , Harrah ’s director of security , on the very day the alleged rape occurred , the accuser typed , “ Ben is so effing hot and I am so bored . ”
Then , two days after the alleged rape , the accuser joked that she was quitting her job and moving to Pittsburgh because she was pregnant with Roethlisberger ’s child .
“ You can be the god father . . . Uncle Guy , ” the accuser wrote in the next e-mail that she sent .
In another e-mail , the accuser wrote , “ Hail Mary full of grace give me the strength to not go to his room to fix his television . ”
( The timing of this e-mail is n’t clear .
If it was sent before the alleged assault , then this might very well be a smoking gun . )
Look , Calvin Dunlap can hire if he so chooses a 53 - man roster full of experts who ’ll testify that rape victims sometimes make light of the trauma they ’ve suffered as a coping mechanism .
But when the broad array of behaviors in which the accuser engaged after the fact is coupled with an e-mail written prior to the alleged rape in which the accuser comes off like a modern - day Mae West , something is very wrong with this picture .
On one hand , we do n’t want to say anything that might keep actual rape victims from coming forward .
On the other hand , we ’re beginning to fear that this specific case could set back the broader cause by several decades , since the circumstantial evidence seems to be pointing to a conclusion that anything that happened between Roethlisberger and his accuser was consensual .
And so when the plaintiff ’s claim fails — and fail we now believe it likely will — women who truly have been victimized might decide to remain silent based solely on the fact that Roethlisberger ’s accuser was n’t able to make her apparently trumped - up charges stick .
We Just heard of our first test - confirmed swine flu case at the show .
PLEASE if you feel symptoms ( fever , etc ) call your doctor .
- Gabe out
Flight List for those with Confirmed Cases :
Departed Sunday :
Alaska Airlines # 664 , Seattle to Dallas , Departed Sunday Night
JetBlue # 498 , Seattle to Boston , Departed Sunday Night
United # 958 , Seattle to Chicago , Departed Sunday Morning
Departed Monday :
Alaska Airline # 12 , Seattle to Boston , Departed Monday Morning
American Airlines # 1414 , Seattle to St. Louis , Departed Sunday Afternoon
American Airlines # 1162 , St. Louis to Chicago
Delta # 1050 , Seattle to Atlanta , Departed Monday Morning
Delta # 1058 , Seattle to Atlanta , Departed Monday Afternoon
Frontier # 432 , Seattle to Denver , Departed Monday Morning
Horizon # 2475 , Seattle to Santa Rosa , Departed Monday Afternoon
JetBlue # 176 , Seattle to New York , Departed Monday Morning
Northwest # 154 , Seattle to Minneapolis , Departed Monday Super Early morning
Southwest # 1221 , Seattle to Salt Lake City , Departed Monday Night
United # 356 , Seattle to Denver , Departed Monday Afternoon
United # 416 , Denver to Tulsa , Departed Monday Night
United # 505 , Denver to Albuquerque , Departed Monday Night
US Airways # 685 , Seattle to Phoenix , Departed Monday Morning
US Airways # 156 , Phoenix to St. Louis
Departed Tuesday :
Frontier # 432 , Seattle to Denver , Departed Tuesday Morning
Virgin # 755 , Seattle to San Francisco , Departed Tuesday Afternoon
Train List for those with Confirmed Cases :
Amtrak Coastal Starlight # 11 , Seattle to Los Angeles , Departed Monday Morning
The Department of Public Health also asked we link over to this site for more info on H1N1 .
There are enough confirmed cases at this point to go ahead and take the necessary precautions if you have the symptoms .
David Cage , head of Quantic Dream , the development team behind the highly anticipated thriller , Heavy Rain , recently spoke about his studio ’s game .
And what ’s interesting about this title is that it gives players complete control over the game ’s overarching storyline .
It has been known for some time now that the four main characters , depending on the choices the player makes , can potentially die .
However , Cage revealed in an interview with EDGE magazine that if all four main characters die , it ’s game over .
“ When all of the characters die , the story ends – that ’s quite a sad ending . ”
“ There are movies with happy endings and sad endings .
In Heavy Rain , it is up to the player to tell his own story and decide what story he wants to tell .
This kind of ending cannot happen before the last third of the game , so the experience wo n’t be too significantly shortened . ”
Heavy Rain is due out exclusively for the PS3 sometime in 2010 .
[ Source ]
There are many bands around the world who would rather not see their material getting exposure on file - sharing networks .
Canadian band Great Lake Swimmers take a different view .
File - sharing is " global word of mouth " they say , and are happy this so - called piracy has enabled them to become familiar to a wider audience .
We ’re all familiar with the aggressive anti-piracy stances of artists like Prince and bands like Metallica .
But file - sharing does n’t have to be all about conflict , and for many artists it is proving to be a very effective promotional tool to reach people who otherwise may remain oblivious to their art .
One band embracing file - sharing are Toronto - based melodic folk rock group Great Lake Swimmers .
In an interview earlier this year , the band ’s lead vocalist Tony Dekker said that although he does n’t share files himself and would prefer it if fans got music from legitimate sources , he ’s OK with it since people are “ spreading the word about a band they love through file sharing . ”
Now , in a recent interview , Dekker recalls their performance at an Ontario music festival in 2008 , after which Robert Plant said he liked the band ’s songs .
Getting noticed by a big name was a boost for them but it was the band ’s transformation from playing small venues to becoming more widely known that he says demonstrates the power of a new type of marketing .
Dekker says that this development of the band ’s wider exposure is down to the modern equivalent of word - of - mouth promotion .
We know it as “ file - sharing ” and it is this technology that Dekker says has allowed the band to move far beyond its Canadian roots .
“ It ’s not just something that ’s specific to a region anymore .
It ’s global .
It ’s global word - of - mouth , ” he says .
“ People can share ideas , share music files and stuff , and I think it ’s good .
It ’s good for music because you do n’t have to scratch far below the surface to find interesting music that does n’t have the machinery of a big record label behind it , ” he concludes .
Indeed , as the anti-filesharing antics of the big labels continues to further alienate them from their artists ’ fans , finding good music that they have nothing to do with is becoming more important than ever .
Reuters
EARLIER this year , when Yukio Hatoyama set out to become Japan 's next prime minister , he called his campaign advisers and asked them to scrap one of the party 's main catchphrases on the grounds that it was too simplistic .
The offending slogan was , in Japanese , seikatsu dai - ichi , or ( less catchily ) “ your daily life comes first ” .
They begged him not to drop it .
Mariko Fujiwara , of Hakuhodo , the advertising agency advising Mr Hatoyama ( pictured above ) , says the phrase tapped into two of the main concerns gnawing on Japanese voters : their anxiety about their own living standards , and their sense that things around them which they thought “ fundamentally Japanese ” were falling apart .
It was vital , she said , that Mr Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) continued to tell voters that it felt their pain .
Mr Hatoyama capitulated .
Slogans are two - a - penny in politics .
But that one , repeated often in the muggy heat of a gruelling August campaign , goes a long way towards explaining why Japanese voters , whose frustrations have been building up for decades , have finally demolished the crumbling dynasty that has ruled them for the past half - century .
It has taken a long time to screw up the courage .
Since Japan 's bubble economy burst 20 years ago , the country has suffered economic stagnation , flawed leadership , bureaucratic mismanagement , corruption scandals and stockmarket decline .
Throughout it all , except for 11 short months in 1993 - 94 , the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , in cahoots with big business , bureaucrats and other interests , has clung to power , as it had since it was first elected in full cold - war regalia in 1955 .
No longer .
In a brutal verdict , the LDP lost almost two - thirds of the seats it had won in the 480 - seat lower house of parliament in 2005 ( see chart 1 ) .
The DPJ won by a landslide , capturing 308 seats , making it the biggest party in both the upper and lower houses ( though it may still need the support of various small coalition parties ) .
Rage against the machine
Dozens of LDP stalwarts were swept into retirement .
A former prime minister and finance minister lost their jobs .
Almost half of those voted in for the DPJ were first - time candidates , with an average age of less than 46 .
Only one - tenth of those elected for the LDP were new to the job .
The election was an act of political protest .
“ It was as though an anti-LDP fever gripped the nation , ” says Gerald Curtis , a veteran campaign watcher and professor of political science at Columbia University .
The swing against the LDP was even more startling given the scepticism people felt about the untried DPJ , forged from four former parties that spanned the fiscally conservative to the socialist .
Sunday 's poll was the culmination of decades of social change , in which the voters have learnt to see through the LDP 's patronage and pork - barrel politics .
Instead of roads and bridges to nowhere , they want doctors , nurses and economic opportunity .
“ It 's the end of machine politics , ” Mr Curtis says .
But something deeper may be afoot , too .
By some estimates , the economic crisis this year has , in nominal terms , battered growth as much as the Great Kanto Earthquake , which destroyed much of Tokyo and neighbouring Yokohama in 1923 .
There are signs of what some call “ a collective identity crisis ” in Japan .
Income disparity , growing numbers of impoverished pensioners and child poverty ( see chart 2 ) clash with a view of their society that the Japanese cherish .
Likewise , they look outside their borders and see their country being eclipsed by China , which is enjoying just the sort of boom Japan did from the 1950s to the 1980s .
The great question is whether the DPJ , and society at large , have the appetite to face this insecurity and rebuild a nation that can thrive in a globalised world .
Too often , the Japanese are tempted to hark back to the past , when their country was strong and its economy secure .
Will the DPJ have the courage in the coming years to map out a future for Japan , or will it cling to weary nostalgia ?
To witness what has gone wrong , the Japanese need go no farther than their nearest park .
Early in the morning amid the mist rising off the ground , they can find slumbering bodies , heads under open umbrellas , shoes arranged neatly at the foot of a sleeping mat .
These are Japan 's growing army of homeless : young people thrown out of work in the recent slump and unable to pay their rent ; and middle - aged men , some of whom say they cannot bear the shame of bringing their troubles home .
Hamamatsu , a coastal town south - west of Tokyo , has its share of shattered lives .
Workers were laid off right down the supply chain almost as soon as home - town outfits like Yamaha and Suzuki saw export orders slump last year .
The lay - offs included many Brazilians of Japanese descent , who had flown to Japan because factories needed cheap , part - time labour rather than expensive Japanese workers on full contracts .
The jobless Brazilians live with each other if they cannot pay the rent , and the church provides the neediest with food parcels .
At a Catholic church recently , they were making soup to share among those , like themselves , eking out the last of their savings .
That included homeless Japanese men , who , unlike the Brazilians , cannot face turning to friends or family for shelter .
That unemployed Brazilians are staffing soup kitchens for homeless Japanese is deeply shocking in Japan .
It also conflicts sharply with a view of the country held by some Westerners that , despite 20 years of economic stagnation , the Japanese soldier on largely unaffected by the crisis , and have no appetite to reform their economy and society .
Many Japanese do indeed remain proud of the country 's economic achievements from the late 1950s onwards , when memories of the crushing poverty and hyperinflation of the immediate post - war years were receding , Japan , under the then youthful , tenacious LDP , embarked on an “ income - doubling plan ” that was spectacularly successful .
The savings rate shot up , providing a pool of money for investment .
Consumers made “ sacred regalia ” of the three essential tools of modern life : the television , washing machine and fridge .
Workers made lifelong allegiances to fast - growing start - ups with names like Honda and Sony , and often lived in homes cheaply provided at the company 's expense .
Since then , the country has clung to the belief that society has become so universally middle - class that class itself has almost become meaningless .
Yet after the boom years of the 1980s degenerated into the lost decade of the 1990s , increasing income inequality , unemployment and social dislocation have begun to tarnish that alluring image .
The slump that began late last year has sharply exacerbated the problem , pushing the unemployment rate to 5.7 % — low by international standards but a record in Japan .
The first to be thrown out of work , as the Brazilians in Hamamatsu attest , are those doing irregular and part - time jobs and earning up to 40 % less than those on full contracts .
Until the crash , their numbers had steadily climbed , from 16.4 % in 1985 to 33.7 % in 2007 .
This has swollen the ranks of an insecure economic underclass .
According to Sawako Shirahase , a sociologist at the University of Tokyo , young Japanese — and especially women — are suffering most .
No recent figures capture the effect of the latest slump , but before it started , more than half the female labour force was employed as non-regular workers .
Half of the elderly women who live alone have annual income below the ¥ 2 m - a - year ( $ 21,500 ) poverty line .
Even the marriage rate has fallen — 65 % of women in their 20s are single .
Partly , Ms Shirahase says , that is because they cannot find young men with good enough prospects to start a family .
This creates what some disparagingly call “ a winners and losers society ” .
Income disparity can breed a healthy sense of competition .
But in a highly regulated economy such as Japan , which does not have free competition and lacks equality of opportunity , inequality can also be hard to escape .
The old guard
For those at the bottom of the income scale , there had always been a last hope : the LDP .
For much of its tenure , it could be counted on to provide public - works projects when employment faltered , or to underpin prices for farmers .
Those politicians who could persuade the powerful national bureaucrats to dish out the pork in their electoral districts were often treated as local heroes .
But even that has worn thin .
Just over a week before the election , farmers in Sekigahara , in central Japan , had every reason to thank the ruling party .
They received a brand - new ¥ 6 m rice harvester , with the prefecture 's name printed on the side .
But all of them are old men , some in their 80s , whose toil is made all the harder because their children long ago left for the brighter lights of the city .
Several spoke yearningly of the DPJ 's farm policies .
The ability to provide support , whether that meant a feeling of middle - class prosperity or a handout in the nick of time , kept people voting for the LDP time and again .
Even so voters began to lose faith in the kind of society such policies had created , says Jeff Kingston , head of Asian studies at Temple University in Tokyo .
“ A lot of stuff is coming out that tarnishes the image of the LDP and holds up a mirror to the country .
People are asking ‘ Is this the kind of society we want ? '
The answer is no . ”
The same may be true when the Japanese look overseas .
For much of their history , they have taken comfort from shutting out the world .
But that is no longer possible because of globalisation , the geopolitical importance of their neighbourhood , and the likelihood that they may need to bring in more foreign workers as their population shrinks .
Japan will soon surrender its position as the world 's second - largest economy to China ; its large exporters are looking for salvation to Chinese demand , not American consumers .
AP
Land of the rising sunflower
Japan will struggle to accommodate the outside world .
As borders blur , it has benefited through exports , but its own boundaries remain sacred .
In the campaign the DPJ was forced to abandon its plan to start free - trade talks with America , after lobbying from farmers .
“ Made in Japan ” remains a potent symbol to consumers and producers alike ; one farming official in central Japan could put precise numbers on the home - grown content of a traditional Japanese breakfast , including rice and seaweed , compared with a Western one with buns and milk : 64 % to 15 % .
But , sadly for him , the Western breakfast is rising in popularity .
The Japanese have so many reasons to resent the LDP that you might think voting it out of office would be cathartic .
But on Sunday night horns did not honk and crowds did not gather .
Even the DPJ disappointed television crews when it told them that it was not hosting a victory party .
( If crowds had gathered they would have been rained on anyway : a passing typhoon drenched Tokyo . )
The Topix share index was almost as flat as the mood around town .
That may have partly been because voters have mixed feelings about the DPJ .
In opinion polls before the vote , there was as much scepticism about its policy manifesto as there was about the LDP's .
But lethargy also infects politics in general .
Ask economists , sociologists or businessmen what the government should reform and you are often met with a baleful shrug .
Ichiro Shiraki , a successful businessman who employs scores of elderly women in central Japan to wrap seaweed around his company 's rice crackers , can see the consequences of ageing all around him .
But ask him what the government should do to help and he appears flummoxed .
“ That 's the politicians ' job , not mine , ” he says .
Who 's the boss
Such diffidence dates back a long time .
As Ms Fujiwara , the advertising executive , puts it , until recently the Japanese held industry , not government , responsible for looking after people ; firms provided job security , income and benefits ; the government 's task was to make sure they stayed in business .
“ People knew instinctively that as long as the economy took care of them , ideology was something they did n't need to debate , ” she says .
This has created citizens who vote , but who have little interest in what politicians actually do with power .
Masaru Tamamoto , a social commentator , laments the lack of ideological debate among the voting public , and among political parties , too .
It is hard to change .
He notes that Japan has never had a people 's revolution ; big changes in history , such as the Meiji restoration of 1868 , were top - down affairs led by disgruntled members of the samurai elite .
When hard - left protest groups emerged in the 1960s , they were quickly suppressed because of Japan 's cold - war relations with the West .
The country has also long been immensely proud of its bureaucrats — they , too , date back to the samurai who sheathed their swords and became pen pushers from the 1600s onwards .
Until recent scandals over their handling of the pensions system , people tended to defer to them to steer the country correctly .
Such a disengaged voting public carries risks for Japan 's future .
Mr Curtis , of Columbia University , notes that neither the DPJ nor the LDP enjoys a core group of supporters .
That helps explain why voters are so fickle .
“ If all Japanese politics becomes is a swing from one party to another , you have a situation in which Japan will be in irreversible decline , ” he says .
So will the DPJ be able to excite voters enough to convince them of the need for change ?
On the campaign trail , the party looked narrow in its ambitions , preferring chequebook politics to radical policies .
It promised child subsidies , free secondary schools and guaranteed minimum pensions — though often without explaining clearly how it would pay for them .
Mr Curtis , however , says he expects actual handouts in the first year to be a lot less than the headline figures promised .
He thinks the DPJ 's leaders are fiscally more hawkish than the manifesto suggested .
Perhaps the DPJ will be bolder with a second area of policy .
The party wants to break the bureaucrats ' control over the nation 's purse strings by creating a strategy bureau , close to the prime minister 's office , to draw up the budget .
The bureaucracy is , indeed , in need of reform .
Its departments often operate in bunker - like isolation .
Problems that range across ministries are therefore rarely solved .
The worry is that Mr Hatoyama 's government lacks administrative experience ; it has only a handful of people who have previously held cabinet office .
It can not afford to alienate its ministries too quickly , not least because it needs their help to implement policy and to pull Japan out of its slump .
Thirdly , the party has pledged over the longer term to reduce the economy 's reliance on export industries , which were closely affiliated with the LDP , by spurring domestic demand .
This is a worthy goal that the LDP repeatedly failed to achieve .
“ The whole emphasis on tax policy has been to offer breaks to companies on investment , while the household sector has had mild tax hikes , ” says Peter Tasker of Arcus Research , a Tokyo - based consultancy .
The DPJ has not fully spelt out how it plans to make the shift , however ( see article ) .
Japan 's recent experience of bold economic reform ended badly .
One of the most lambasted figures in the election was Junichiro Koizumi , the lion - haired , pro-American who led Japan from 2001 to 2006 .
He won a landslide victory for the LDP in 2005 promising to privatise the postal service , and made some headway in freeing up the labour market .
But the crisis has damaged his legacy .
He had told voters that without pain there would be no gain .
The way the DPJ portrayed his tenure on the campaign trail , there was plenty of pain but no gain .
Out of the wreckage
However , Mr Koizumi 's legacy has not stopped reform - minded politicians in the regions .
One of those , until he recently stepped down , was Hiroshi Nakada , mayor of Yokohama , the city adjoining Tokyo , who cut a dashing figure sitting in the foyer of the mayor 's office , offering full disclosure of government accounts to his constituents .
His approval ratings remained high to the end , even though he cut the city budget .
But he , too , worries about his countrymen : “ People are confused .
Japan has lost a sense of identity . ”
It is easy to dismiss Japan after so many disappointments — to forget that it still has high savings , low crime , high - tech industries and creative flair .
The wonder of Japan is that it sometimes meanders for years , decades , even centuries , and then erupts into a burst of creativity and reinvention .
This may be one such moment , when the toppling of a political monolith unleashes hidden depths of civic action .
But that will happen only if the DPJ grows bold enough to lead the way .
Published :
Justin and Jason talk with Christopher Park , founder of Arcen Games and developer of a space - based RTS game called AI War : Fleet Command , about how he was able to release a sophisticated computer game in under seven months and create a formidable artificial intelligence in only a matter of weeks .
The discussion also covers the marketing of an independent game , cooperative game play , multi- threading , optimizing .
NET , LINQ , GPUs , SlimDX and the future of artificial intelligence .
From The TV IV
The numbers or cursed numbers are a set of numbers that recur multiple times in Lost .
These mysterious numbers have grown to become a prominent , recurring plot line on the show and is one of the more supernatural aspects of the series .
The numbers are first mentioned in " Numbers " , although they do appear on many occasions before that episode .
Due to the numbers being one of the biggest recurring mysteries on Lost , criticism was pointed toward Damon Lindelof , who revealed in a TVGuide interview that the true nature of the numbers will never be revealed .
This is one of the more persistent criticisms of the series .
J.J. Abrams has used a similar non-disclosure technique with another recurring number , 47 , which appears in nearly every episode of Alias .
The Valenzetti Equation
In 1962 , the Cuban Missile Crisis resulted in the world coming to the brink of nuclear war .
With their respective nations having just faced the very precipice of mutual assured destruction , the United States and Soviet Union — under the auspices of the United Nations Security Council — secretly sought Enzo Valenzetti out as a disinterested third party and charged him with the creation of an infalliable mathematical algorithm for the prediction of Armageddon .
Valenzetti's result was the Valenzetti Equation , an equation that predicts the exact number of years and months until humanity extinguishes itself , whether through nuclear fire , chemical and biological warfare , conventional warfare , pandemic disease or over - population .
Valenzetti gave numerical values to the core environmental and human factors in his equation : 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 and 42 .
It is felt by some , such as Alvar Hanso , that only by manipulating the environment and finding scientific solutions will these core factors be changed and thereby give humanity a chance to survive .
The United Nations Security Council buried Valenzetti's findings , but the Valenzetti Equation was the catalyst for the creation of the DHARMA Initiative .
The Numbers
In 1988 , slightly more than 16 years before the crash of Oceanic Flight 815 , Danielle Rousseau 's science team picked up a mysterious short - wave transmission from the island .
The transmission was merely six numbers repeated over and over again : 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , 42 .
She was n't the only one who heard them .
The same transmission was also picked up by a U.S. Navy long wave transmission monitoring station where Leonard Simms and Sam Toomey worked .
Sam Toomey used the numbers to win a $ 50,000 ( Australian ) prize for guessing the exact number of beans in a jar — no one had come even close to the correct number in the 40 years the contest was running .
After that , bad things started to happen to those around Sam Toomey .
He moved to the middle of nowhere to try and limit the damage , but eventually he killed himself with a shotgun to make the bad things stop .
Leonard Simms wound up at the Santa Rosa Mental Health Institute , where he met Hugo " Hurley " Reyes .
Leonard kept repeating the numbers over and over , and they eventually became ingrained in Hurley 's mind .
Hurley played the numbers in a lottery which had n't had a winner for 16 weeks .
He won 114 million dollars .
After that , bad things seemed to happen to those around him too , but in a way that made him profit .
Hurley became convinced that the numbers were cursed , so he went to see Leonard , and eventually he found Sam Toomey 's house in Australia and learned about the transmission but nothing more .
He headed back home to Los Angeles on Oceanic flight 815 , which departed from gate 23 on what was planned to be a 16 - hour long flight departing at 2:15 P.M. and landing in Los Angeles at 10:42 P.M .
One interesting thing of note is that , when the numbers all appear together , they always appear in order .
4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , 42
The numbers are inscribed on the mysterious hatch in the jungle .
The latitude 4.815 and longitude 162.342 are located in the Pacific Ocean northeast of Australia .
Boone found a map of Africa on the smuggler ’s plane .
Latitude : 16° 23 Min.42 Sec , Longitude : 4° 8 Min. 15 Sec. will put you in Niger , pretty close to where the map showed .
When Hurley 's car is breaking down on his way to the airport , the numbers all show up on the dashboard .
Hurley passed a girls sports team on the scooter in the airport that had all the numbers in order .
Desmond enters the numbers into his computer terminal upon waking up .
The bottles Desmond was using for injection have " CR 4-81516-23 42 " written at the top .
The bottles holding the ' medicine ' for Claire 's baby have " CR 4-81516-23 42 " written at the top also .
According to The Map in the Swan Bunker , there were system - wide outages of the Dharmatel Intranet on 4.08.00 , 8.15.01 , & 01.06.05 .
A notation near the center of The Map in the Swan Bunker gives x4 , y8 , z15 as the coordinates of a subterrainean conduit .
A notation underneath the Flame Bunker on The Map in the Swan Bunker is for the square roots of 16 , 64 , & 225 ( i.e. 4 , 8 , 15 ) >
In the flashback for the episode " Two for the Road " , three of the police cars are numbered 15 , 16 , & 23 and 42 ( on the right side of the screen ) .
The Cursed Number 4
The number of years before the crash on the island ( B.I. ) that Locke was paralysed .
The number of years B.I. that Sam Toomey committed suicide .
Number of years before Hurley 's lottery win that his grandfather had a pacemaker put in .
Leonard was playing Connect Four when Hurley visited him .
The number of years B.I. since Sawyer made his birthday wish .
Number of circles on the Oceanic " O " logo .
The number of Aces ( value 1 ) that were on Boone ’s t- shirt .
Also , Boone had another t- shirt with Asian letters that say 84 .
The number of refills Shannon had for her inhaler in Boone 's luggage .
Number of Oceanic planes on the mobile in Claire ’s dream .
Number of months Michelangelo stared at marble “ working ” in Locke ’s story .
Boone then asked if they were going to stare at the hatch for 4 months .
Number of spots on Michael ’s raft .
Locke tied Boone up about 4 miles east of the caves .
Jack 's bride Sara had " 44 " on her pyjamas
A speed that Hurley ’s rental car displayed as it died .
Number of guns in the Marshall 's case .
Number of months that passed between Claire 's two visits to the psychic .
When being lowered into the hatch , Kate counts to 5 to allay her fears .
She gets up to 4 before the light comes on .
Number of years of college that Sun took to get her degree in art history .
After the alarm has sounded , the number of minutes available to enter the code into the computer .
The Cursed Number 8
Number of years Michael worked in construction .
Walt was born in August , the 8th month .
He was born on the 24th of August . 24 is 8 + 16 .
Number of years B.I. since Michael was hit by the car .
The number of years Michael did n't see Walt .
The number of people who died in a fire in Hurley ’s shoe factory in Canada .
The number of months Claire was pregnant when the plane crashed .
Boone had a t - shirt with 84 on it in Asian letters .
Number of months Locke was talking to Helen before the crash .
Number of days Charlie went without his guitar before Locke returned it to him .
Number of weeks Driveshaft was going to go on tour .
Shannon ’s age when her father married Boone ’s mother .
James Ford 's ( Sawyer ) age when his family was destroyed by the original Frank Sawyer .
The aisle for regulation footballs in Locke ’s store .
A speed that Hurley 's rental car displayed as it died .
The person Hurley bought the scooter from had a Crazy Eight ’s hat .
8 O’clock was the position on the radar where the Others boat showed up .
Number of the TV station that interviewed Hurley after his lottery win .
Number of days Claire was missing after her abduction .
The distance from the Environment Secretary 's house that Jin was to ditch the assassin 's getaway car .
Sara , Jack 's Wife , was supposed to be married 8 months after the car accident which introduced her to Jack .
The number of a cart in Sara 's room .
Hurley was accused of eating an 8 - piece Dark Meat combo the day he quit working at Mr. Cluck 's Chicken Shack .
The call number of Ana Lucia 's patrol car is 8A16 .
Number of Virgin Mary statues Charlie takes from the plane wreck ( seven statues are shown in " The Long Con " , and Charlie destroyed one of them earlier ) .
Number of people the deck that collapsed was built to hold .
The Cursed Number 15
The number of hours Boone spent on his flight to Sydney
The aisle for Nerf footballs in Locke ’s store .
Number on the whiskey bottle that Sawyer and Christian drank from .
A speed that Hurley ’s rental car displayed as it died .
Sun was supposed to slip away from Jin at 11:15 A.M.
Also , all the digits add up to 8 .
14:15 was the scheduled departure time for Oceanic 815 .
Sawyer was supposed to meet with an investor for one of his cons at 15:30 .
Michael ’s estimate of how far out to sea they were when the detected the radar blip .
In backgammon , each side starts with 15 pieces .
The number of ribbons on Sam Austen 's ribbon rack .
Part of the number of the safety deposit box ( 1516 ) in which Locke 's father had put $ 700,000 from a retirement con
The Cursed Number 16
Number of years Rousseau has been on the island ( after hearing the numbers transmission that brought her science team there ) .
$ 160,000 was the amount of money Sawyer was planning to con from a family .
When Jack tells
Kate his story about fear as she sews him up , the patient in the story is 16 years old .
Number of circles around the outside of the Oceanic Logo when it is part of Oceanic .
Number of hours the flight to L.A. was going to take .
Number of hours after the crash when the pilot was found .
Number of weeks the lottery had n’t been won before Hurley won it .
Number of years since Boone ’s nanny Teresa fell down the stairs and broke her neck .
Number of years ago that Kate buried the time capsule
A speed that Hurley ’s rental car displayed as it died .
Number in hundreds that Hurley paid an old man for his scooter .
The speed Desmond was going on his exercise bicycle .
Number of people in Locke 's anger management group .
Part of the number of the safety deposit box ( 1516 ) in which Locke 's father had put $ 700,000 from a retirement con
The Cursed Number 23
The sum of both parts of the plane 's flight number .
Number of the floor Hurley stayed on at a Sydney hotel .
Number of the gate the plane took off from .
Jack ’s seat number on the plane was 23B .
Rose and Bernard were sitting next to Jack in row 23 , too .
The reward for turning in Kate was $ 23,000
The morning of their departure from Sydney , Walt woke Michael up at 5:23 A.M .
The temperature in Hurley ’s rental car when it died .
The initial total number of survivors from the plane 's tail section .
W is the 23rd letter of the alphabet , and W begins Walt 's name .
Mr. Eko recites the 23rd Psalm when he burns the plane that contains his brother 's body
Inman shows Sayid DIA video footage labeled ' Reel 23108 - 42 '
Number of people on the deck when it collapsed , in Hurley 's accident .
The Black Rock was bound for dock 23 in Portsmouth , Britain in 1881
The Cursed Number 42
Locke is playing Risk during his lunch break .
In Risk , Earth is divided into 42 territories .
Leonard was playing Connect 4 . 42 is the number of spaces on a connect four game board .
Rousseau wrote down the number sequence seven times , creating a matrix that totals 42 .
Ana -Lucia was sitting in seat 42 F .
Room number of Hurley ’s room at the Sydney hotel .
The distance Hurley ’s rental car had travelled when it died .
10:42 was the scheduled arrival time of flight 815 in L.A .
Scrawled on the wall as a part of the mural in the bunker .
Since winning the lottery , Hurley increased his net worth by 42 million dollars .
The letters A - L - E - X ( the name of Rousseau 's child who was also kidnapped by the others ) , when given numerical value based on their position in the alphabet , add up to 42 .
Shannon had revealed during the census that she was 20 .
Boone would 've been 22 then , as their parents married when he was 10 and she was 8 .
They are the only two characters with flashbacks centered to themselves ( not like the Marshall with just popping in at random points ) to have died , and their ages equal 42 when added together .
The prize for the boat race that Desmond entered was $ 42,000 .
The Sum of the Cursed Numbers : 108
108 is the sum of the numbers : 4 + 8 + 15 + 16 + 23 + 42 .
The number 108 is painted twice on a wall inside the hatch .
The number of minutes in the countdown in the Swan bunker .
CV III ( Cerberus Vent Three ) is 108 in roman numerals .
A Special Combination : 48
There were originally 48 survivors in the main group .
48 days passed on the island until
The tail section survivors encountered the main group .
A Special Combination : 815
The flight number of the plane .
The number of the safety deposit box Kate robbed .
Charlie was trying to sell Copier model 815 - C .
The date of Kate ’s time capsule is August 15 , 1989 , 8 - 15 .
The number on the building Sayid walked into in Sydney .
Adam Rutherford was pronounced dead at 8:15 A.M .
The real Henry Gale 's house number .
The Significance of The Numbers outside of Lost
23 & 42 are two ' random numbers ' used by hacker tradition
23 is the gate number Ross waits outside of for his newly - wed and estranged wife in the Friends episode 5x01 .
23 is one of the sacred numbers of Eris , Greek Goddess of Discord
Author William S. Burroughs considered the number 23 to be very unlucky , and kept a notebook of the number 's occurrences .
23 is referred to often in Robert Anton Wilson 's The Illuminatus Trilogy ; it is most often used as an example of a number that pops up in patterns and seems to have meaning , but only because one is looking for it to appear .
; it is most often used as an example of a number that pops up in patterns and seems to have meaning , but only because one is looking for it to appear .
Some calculations place the end of the Mayan calendar on December 23 , 2012 , when an apocalyptic event is predicted to occur .
The 23rd Psalm is arguably the most famous , the " Divine Shepherd " psalm .
23 is the number of individuals ( 16 female and 7 male ) that the One is supposed to select from the Matrix to start a ' new Zion ' after re-inserting the prime program ( essentially re-booting the Matrix ) in the Matrix trilogy , as revealed by the Architect in Matrix Reloaded .
42 is the answer to the question of life , the universe , and everything in Douglas Adams ' The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
.
In Kabbalism , 42 is the number of characters in the unspeakable name of God .
There are 108 stitches on a baseball .
4 , 8 , and 16 are all powers of two : 2 2 , 2 3 , 2 4 ; the same digits as in 23 & 42 .
, 2 , 2 ; the same digits as in 23 & 42 .
In Japan , 4 is considered an extremely unlucky number because it is pronounced " shi " , which is the same pronunciation as " death " .
On the other hand , the number 8 is considered a lucky number .
This is because of the shape of the kanji character for eight , whose two strokes are wider at the bottom , suggesting a better time or better things to come in the future .
I - Ching
4 - Folly 8 - Grouping 15 - Humbling 16 - Providing For 23 - Splitting Apart 42 - Increasing
In the movie Battle Royale , 42 students are brought to the island to compete in the death tournament .
108 is the traditional number of beads found on both Buddhist and Hindu mala , or rosaries .
Each Hindu god has 108 names that are considered sacred and are recited during religious ceremonies .
The number of sacred stars in Chinese astrology is 108 .
In The Odyssey , Penelope had 108 suitors .
August 15 , or 8/15 , is the Orthodox feast of Dormition ( the death of the Virgin Mary ) and the Catholic feast of Assumption ( the reception of the Virgin Mary in heaven ) .
There are a number of other references to the Virgin Mary in " Lost " , such the small statues with the heroin inside and Locke 's mother claiming he was immaculately conceived .
At position 176025488 of pi , the sequence of digits " 48151623 " occurs .
At position 155209220 , the sequence of digits " 15162342 " occurs .
The complete sequence of numbers does n't occur within the first 200 million positions .
( of course neither one of these facts is remotely a coincidence -- if you randomly selected any 8 digit number you would expect to find it in the first 200 million digits of pi's decimal expansion )
When a person is created , 23 chromosomes from each person are put into the cell .
References to the Numbers in Other TV Shows , etc .
Cover for Catwoman # 51
At the end of the Veronica Mars episode " Donut Run , " the numbers 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , 42 appear as the lucky numbers on a fortune cookie message that Veronica hangs on her mirror .
The numbers appear on the cover of Catwoman # 51 .
( See image )
In Dan Slott 's The Thing # 6 the Trapster uses the numbers as the deactivation code for bombs he is using to sabotage the Thing 's good works .
In Season 2 , Episode 6 of British comedy show That Mitchell and Webb Look , a slightly altered version of the numbers is given as the test of a military computer 's ability to calculate Numberwang .
The numbers fed to the computer were 4 , 8 ,15 , 162 , and 3420 .
The numbers are , in fact , Numberwang .
Grazie a Daniele Sensi , inizia a circolare un po ' in Rete la surreale intervista di Silvio Berlusconi a Nessma tv , che si candida a diventare la Retequattro maghrebina ( vedo che anche lì gli Emilio Fede e le veline scodinzolanti non mancano ) .
A lasciare esterrefatti sono soprattutto alcune uscite finalizzate a lisciare il pelo al pubblico maghrebino : in particolare la presunta volontà del premier ad " aumentare i canali di ingresso legali " in Italia e a garantire ai migranti , " casa , lavoro , istruzione " , " aprendo tutti i nostri ospedali alle loro necessità " , perché " pure gli italiani sono stati emigranti , e quindi devono aprire il loro cuore a chi oggi viene in Italia " .
" Per coloro che vogliono provare nuove possibilità di vita e di lavoro bisogna aumentare le possibilità di entrare legalmente in Italia e negli altri paesi europei " , ha detto il premier .
E poi : " Abbiamo il dovere di guardare a quanti vogliono venire in Italia con una totale apertura di cuore e di dare a coloro che vengono in Italia , la possibilità di un lavoro , di una casa , di una scuola per i figli " .
Incredibilmente , a tutto ciò Berlusconi ha aggiunto : " E questa è la politica del mio governo " .
Trattandosi di una tivù di sua proprietà , ovviamente , nessuno dei presenti gli ha fatto notare che la linea del suo governo va nel senso esattamente contrario .
Anzi , la conduttrice ha chiosato " E ' incredibile , signor presidente , non posso trattenermi dall ' applaudire ! " .
La rete Nessma - per la quale Berlusconi si è speso in uno spot finale come ai tempi delle convention fininvestiane - ha un bacino di ascolto di quasi cento milioni di persone , che - con immaginabile gioia dell ' alleato Bossi - ora sono convinte che l'Italia le accoglierà a braccia aperte .
There 's really nothing sexy about seeing your significant other wearing a backwards robe and watching TV on the couch .
That is , until you see the Snuggie Sutra .
Here are some of our favorite moves from the site .
Advertisement
The Hi Yo Silver - The woman wears the Snuggie on her back and he holds the bottom .
Ride off into the sunset , or stay inside where its warm .
Advertisement
Superwoman -
She wears the Snuggie on her back .
He holds the other end in his teeth .
You are super if you can hold yourself up and keep him quiet at the same time .
The Cuddly Puppy -
The man wears the Snuggie on his front and covers her .
She feels warm and cozy like Grandma 's house , but still knows who her daddy is .
Advertisement
The Tablecloth - She lies on the table .
He wears the Snuggie on his front while the bottom end covers her .
It 's just not a holiday without stuffing .
As their annual conference in Bournemouth begins today , the Liberal Democrats sense that they are in the game , but worry , in their private moments , that they are not doing better when Labour is playing so badly .
It was precisely to head off that awkward question that Nick Clegg restated his audacious goal of replacing Labour in a pamphlet published by the think - tank Demos this week .
He raised the intriguing prospect of a historic role reversal : just as Labour , recognising the need for collectivist solutions , overtook the exhausted Liberals in the early 20th century , the Liberal Democrats , knowing the top - down state is past its sell - by date , can now eclipse a " clapped out " Labour Party .
It sounds fanciful .
It is not going to happen at next spring 's election .
Tory strategists do not believe Labour 's 26 per cent average poll rating and suspect the Labour core vote will still be around 32 per cent .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Clegg has been careful to set a timescale of two elections for his other , more realistic , aim : doubling the number of Liberal Democrat MPs ( currently 63 ) .
To supplant Labour , he probably needs it to implode after an election defeat , possibly even to split .
That is not impossible .
Labour has no divine right to be one of the big two parties .
A crushing defeat could see it take a left turn .
Moderates might switch to the Liberal Democrats , turning their backs on a socialist / trade union party .
More likely is that Labour would remain centrist and make common cause with the Liberal Democrats against what could quickly become an unpopular Tory government .
Policy differences between Labour and the Liberal Democrats are much smaller than both parties will have us believe from now on .
Which is why sensible Tories fear a Lib - Lab deal in a hung parliament and want to push on above their 41 per cent rating .
The Liberal Democrats should be doing better .
They did poorly in the European elections in June , gaining half the 28 per cent they won in the local elections on the same day .
They need the shot in the arm of a by - election win but it has n't happened .
Arguably , they deserve to be doing better .
The media , taking its cue from our first - past - the - post system , portrays politics as a two - horse race , a huge and unfair handicap for a third party which has been ahead of the curve on Iraq , identity cards , Trident , the debt bubble , Northern Rock , bankers ' bonuses , public spending cuts and now Afghanistan .
Vince Cable , the party 's impressive Treasury spokesman , has identified £ 14bn of savings towards his demand for £ 80 - 100bn of cuts , and is being more honest than his Labour and Tory counterparts .
He acknowledges the need for the post - recession tax rises that every politician knows must accompany spending cuts .
Labour 's 50 p top rate from next April is largely symbolic and wo n't fill Treasury coffers .
The Tories , for all their tough talk about spending cuts , are still committed to tax reductions for married couples and on inheritance .
Addressing a rally in Bournemouth tonight , Mr Clegg will turn his fire on the Tories , branding David Cameron the " conman of British politics " , who tells people what they want to hear and offers " fake change , not real change , phoney politics , not new politics " .
He will ridicule Tory claims to be the real progressives of British politics .
" The clue is in the name , " he will say .
Fair point .
But why , then , is the " liberal " brand not more popular ?
The question occurs again .
I asked branding expert Robert Bean , the man behind BT 's " It 's good to talk " campaign and a former adviser to the Liberal Democrats .
He recalls his work for Charles Kennedy in a book , Winning in Your Own Way , The Nine and a Half Golden Rules of Branding , published next week .
He told me : " The perception of the Lib Dem brand ?
Faded orange bird logo ?
Bit wishy - washy and too liberal ?
Only an option when you do n't like the other two ?
Probably all the above , and more .
But the reality paints a slightly different picture .
In Nick Clegg and Vince Cable they have people who are a long way from ' faded orange ' .
And they both have what it takes to be a positive voter choice , rather than the default option . "
He recalled that Mr Kennedy 's decision to oppose the Iraq war defined the Liberal Democrats ' product : they became a brand .
And , in other words , they need to do so again .
" They can be comforted that the perception of the Tories is ' untrustworthy ' , because nobody knows what their product is , " said Mr Bean .
" And that of Labour is shot , because their product is broken .
These days we 've so little to fight against ; perhaps the Lib Dems ' best chance for brand credibility is to define what we should be fighting for . "
Over to you , Mr Clegg .
all your problems are over
Monday : Carly Monardo of Whirring Blender !
Tuesday : Ben Driscoll of Daisy Owl !
Wednesday : Zach Weiner of Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal !
Thursday : Michael Firman of Moe !
Friday : Andrew Hussie of MS Paint Adventures !
this is gonna be awesome guys i can FEEL IT
One year ago today : i started this comic with a ghost / android dichotomy , before realizing that zombies fit better .
androids are artificial bodies with artificial souls , and i guess we are all very concerned with whether or not the sheep they dream of are electric ?
– Ryan
More flesh has been added to Toshiba ’s plans to bring out a Blu-ray player – it is likely to be called the BD - 18 and could be available as soon as the year end .
The company , which backed the HD DVD high - definition format that eventually lost to Sony ’s prevailing Blu-ray , had stubbornly maintained it would not bring out a Blu-ray player and instead focused on its XDE DVD - upscaling technology .
Then it emerged last month at its annual shareholder meeting in Tokyo that Toshiba had finally accepted it could no longer ignore the opportunities Blu-ray products offer .
Now the Japanese electronics giant is planning a Blu-ray player , for its home market initially , according to the Japanese paper Yomiuri .
A Blu-ray recorder is also being considered .
A rumored USD $ 1B financial hole caused by the HD DVD failure appears to be a big motivation for Toshiba ’s shift in stance to Blu-ray .
The development comes as the Consumer Electronics Association publishes a reports pointing to burgeoning shipments of Blu-ray disc players in the second half of the year .
These are expected to contribute to a 112 per cent increase in unit sales by the end of 2009 .
The growth in unit shipments should take the total to nearly 6 million for the year , which despite falling prices will ensure revenues top USD $ 1 billion , an increase of 48 per cent over 2008 .
Average Blu-ray player unit prices have falled closer to the USD $ 200 price point .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Supreme Court said on Wednesday it would hear an Obama administration appeal defending part of the Patriot Act , which has been criticized by civil liberties groups for giving the government broad powers .
U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor ( L ) walks out of the Supreme Court building with Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts after her investiture ceremony in Washington September 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
The justices agreed to review a U.S. appeals court ruling that struck down as unconstitutionally vague a law that makes it a crime to provide support to a foreign terrorist group .
The law , first adopted in 1996 , was strengthened by the USA Patriot Act supported by then - President George W. Bush and approved by Congress right after the September 11 attacks in 2001 .
It was amended again in 2004 .
The high court is expected to hear arguments in the case early next year , with a decision likely by June .
It will be the first time the court will consider part of the Patriot Act .
Convictions under the law , which bars knowingly providing any service , training , expert advice or assistance to a designated foreign terrorist group , can result in sentences of 15 years to life in prison .
The law does not require any proof that the defendant intended to further any act of terrorism or violence by the foreign group .
“ The material support law resurrects guilt by association and makes it a crime for a human rights group in the United States to provide human rights training , ” said David Cole , a Georgetown University law professor and the lead attorney challenging the law .
“ We do n’t make the country safer by criminalizing those who advocate nonviolent means for resolving disputes .
Congress can and should draw a clear line between assistance that further terrorism and that which does not , ” Cole said .
The Obama administration appealed to the Supreme Court and called the law “ a vital part of the nation ’s efforts to fight international terrorism . ”
Since 2001 , the United States has charged about 120 defendants with the material support of terrorism and about half have been convicted , the Justice Department said .
“ Many of those prosecutions potentially prevented substantial harm to the nation , ” Solicitor General Elena Kagan said in the appeal .
Defendants have been charged under the law with “ providing al Qaeda with martial arts training and instruction ” and “ medical support to wounded jihadists . ”
The challenge had been brought by groups and individuals who want to provide support to the Kurdistan Workers Party in Turkey and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in Sri Lanka .
The State Department designated both as foreign terrorist groups .
The Humanitarian Law Project , a human rights group in Los Angeles , previously provided human rights advocacy training to the Kurdistan Workers Party , known as the PKK , and the main Kurdish political party in Turkey .
The Humanitarian Law group and others sued in 1998 in an effort to renew support for what they described as lawful , nonviolent activities overseas .
Cocksucker Blues , Robert Frank ’s infamous Rolling Stones documentary , takes a notoriously controversial look at 1972 ’s Exile on Main Street tour .
Because the documentary was made with several cameras lying around ( welcoming anyone traveling on tour to pick one up and begin filming ) , Mick Jagger and the rest of the Stones are depicted as typical rock stars : snorting coke backstage , romping around with naked roadies , acting high out of their minds , etc .
Because the filmmaker ’s approach was so candid , the Stones ( who originally commissioned the doc ) refused to allow its release .
Ever since then , Cocksucker Blues has been under a court order that forbids the film ’s content from being shown unless its director is present .
Although Cocksucker Blues is screened every now and then , it has been extremely difficult to bootleg …. until now .
Thanks to some late 80 ’s tape trading , Cocksucker Blues is now streaming ( in nine parts ) on the Internet .
Let the hedonistic scandals begin !
[ Dangerous Minds via Daily Swarm ]
www.websitedesigning.co.in, a professional Website designing company based in the capital city of India that offers various services for website designing from a static website to CMS driven website to any open source website development to complete e-commerce site to travel portal .
Web Design India have vast experience in creating web portals for its clients from across the globe and provides a unique way of web design which creates a niche in the market .
Website Design India follows certain basic principles upon which every successful website must be built , certain invariable elements which it must contain .
If it is to take the place of a salesman and do what a good salesman would do , it must follow a line of procedure in making a written sale just as a salesman does in making a verbal one .
It must win for itself an audience and follow the steps of the sale exactly as the salesman does when he talks face to face with his prospect , leading him gradually , tactfully through certain definite processes up to the desired action .
We are also providing Internet Marketing India
For this reason every design architecture and sentence that goes into your website should have a reason for being there .
The sole reason is to get action and non-essentials simply detract from its directness .
Your prospect has no time to mess with them .
It is the easiest thing in the world to develop a website that goes rambling from one topic to another without getting anywhere in particular .
But good website design has a definite end in mind .
Consider now the good website .
It must proceed through certain steps .
It must be based logically upon the principles of salesmanship .
It must contain :
• The opening wins the visitor ’s attention and prompts him to go farther into the site .
• Description & explanation , gains his interest by picturing the proposition in his mind .
• Argument or proof creates a desire for your product / service , showing the value and advantages .
• Persuasion draws the visitor to your way of thinking by showing the adaptation of your product / service to his needs and his need of it now .
• Inducement , gives him a particular or extra reason for acting .
• The climax or clincher makes it easy for the visitor to act and prompts him to do so at once .
www.websitedessigning.co.in ensures these basic elements are incorporated into your website .
We are “ Website Designing Dot Co Dot In ” build your website with the needs of your likely prospects clearly in mind .
Your website will not merely offer your products and services ; it will offer a captivating experience !
We at website designing company India , offers end to end solution to our clients from logo design to website design to graphic design to flash design including custom designs at a very affordable price .
Unique theme web pages are liked by Google search engine and also rank fast on every search engine and we are specialized in designing and generating such quality unique web page designing that can impress the user and fulfill the all requirement of a search engine .
Our website designer provide the attractive and dynamic web page which are useful and ready to be read by search engine that brings good ranking and also give unique site navigation so that user can easily find desired information from web pages .
We are providing branding web page which contain clear photo , text , image and all type of maps like Google site map , xml etc .
We at website design India are providing quality within budget and at low price to create your online presence .
If you are interested with us you may check our website designing services and can check our portfolio under logo design , custom website design , and flash design .
You may contact us at gaurav at catabatic dot co dot in .
We offers website designing , web designing samples , web site designing , website design examples , website design , quality website designing and all type of web designing at the cheapest cost .
Felicia is fading , but Bill is building .
Forming early Monday , Hurricane Bill sustained winds of 90 mph which are expected to climb to 110 mph — putting it in the running to become a major hurricane in the next couple of days .
The first official hurricane in the Atlantic this season , Bill is some 1000 miles east of the Lesser Antilles and is expected to track west - northwest as it builds .
Residents of Bermuda should monitor its progress closely , and East Coast residents might be in for some choppy surf as a result as well .
Luckily there are umpteen ways to follow the progress of the storm as it develops .
We 've rounded up some of our favorite hurricane - chasing resources here , broken into sections for web - based resources , Twitter - specific sources and mobile hurricane tracking .
Web
1. MyFoxHurricane
MyFoxHurricane has been a staple of our hurricane tracking resources for its tracking maps , video footage , satellite photos , and live chat with other site visitors .
You can also get updates coming right to you from their Facebook page and Facebook app , as well as follow them on Twitter .
2 . Hurricane Central at Weather.com
It 's another old standby but we'd be remiss for not including Weather.com .
You can get the latest news on specific storms , track them live and even upload video footage if you 're near an affected area and have something interesting to share .
3 . StormAdvisory
StormAdvisory is a nice and simple Google Maps mashup where you can pick a current storm to overlay and see its trajectory .
The link provided is to the Atlantic map tracker for Hurricane Bill , but the site provides eastern and western Pacific maps as well .
4 . Ibiseye
Another Google Maps based web app , Ibiseye lets you plot multiple storms , see various views of the data and get a display of relevant statistics including distance from the nearest cities for each path point .
5 . Intellicast
Intellicast offers current tracking and forecasts as well as visible and infrared satellite imagery , news , bulletins and alerts .
They also have an iGoogle gadget available for start pages .
6 . Weather Underground 's Tropical Center
The tropical weather / hurricane section of Weather Underground offers tracking maps , satellite images , public advisories , computer models and interactive Flash maps .
As we noted for Hurricane Fay trackers , one of the nicest infoviz options here is the Wundermap Google Maps mashup .
7 . AccuWeather
AccuWeather is worth mentioning again as well for being one of the few that actually make their own forecasts , whereas many other resources pull in government forecast data .
Videos and weather analysis are offered as well .
8 . Stormpulse
Stormpulse is notable for its eye - catching interactive maps with full - screen functionality .
They also have an API for embedding maps onto your own site .
Twitter
9. @MyFoxHurricane —
Twitter feed from the web - based resource we mentioned above .
10 . @hurricanes — regular updates about hurricanes in the tropics , with a focus on the Atlantic region .
11 . @hurricanealerts — hurricane alerts and tropical storm updates and advisories for the coastal U.S. 12 .
@breakingweather — AccuWeather.com 's
Twitter feed offers updates on tropical storms and other severe weather conditions .
13 . @wunderground — get hurricane and other severe weather warnings and updates from Weather Underground 's Twitter feed .
14 . @stormpulse — the Twitter feed of the Stormpulse site offers frequent updates on tropical weather worth tracking .
15 . @hurricanetrack — for hardcore hurricane geeks , get stats and occasional live video streams from the folks behind hurricane news site HurricaneTrack.com .
Mobile
Monday , September 21st will be the second Geek Reading event to benefit EFF , at 111 Minna in downtown San Francisco .
This time , the author in question is Randall Munroe , otherwise known as the writer and cartoonist behind the brilliant webcomic xkcd .
For those not yet part of the xkcd cult , the cartoon with the strange name consistently brings some of the sharpest satire to the world of the Internet and digital culture .
Randall describes the strip as " a webcomic of romance , sarcasm , math , and language , " and the New York Times calls it " wildly popular among techies the world over for its witty use of programming code in its gags . "
It is currently translated into three languages and receives between 60 and 70 million page views per month .
Reddit and Breadpig founder Alexis Ohanian will be emceeing the event , which will include a visual presentation as well as an interview portion , with questions culled from the top-voted comments on Reddit .
Randall 's new book " xkcd : Volume 0 " will be available for purchase and signings as well .
The main event starts at 7 and tickets are $ 30 .
But you can also join the VIP reception ( $ 100 donation ) a bit earlier , at 6 , for some extra face time with the man behind the most complex stick figures ever drawn .
Numbers are limited , so get your tickets now !
Geek Reading : xkcd creator Randall Munroe
Monday , September 21 , 2009
VIP Reception : 6:00
Reading : 7:00
111 Minna Gallery , 111 Minna Street , San Francisco
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research ( AFOSR ) and NASA recently launched the first test rocket using an environmentally - friendly , safe propellant comprising nanoscale aluminum powder and water ice ( ALICE ) .
The ALICE flight - vehicle assembled on the launch rail .
It consists of an all - carbon - fiber , minimum - diameter high - power rocketry kit .
( Credit : Dr. Steven F. Son , Purdue University ) Click to enlarge .
ALICE has the consistency of toothpaste when made .
It can be fit into molds and then cooled to - 30 °C 24 hours before flight .
The propellant has a high burn rate and achieved a maximum thrust of 650 pounds during this test .
Using ALICE as fuel , a nine - foot rocket soared to a height of 1,300 feet over Purdue University ’s Scholer farms in Indiana earlier this month .
ALICE is generating excitement among researchers because this energetic propellant has the potential to replace some liquid or solid propellants .
When it is optimized , it could have a higher performance than conventional propellants .
Penn State and Purdue University researchers presented a paper on an investigation of ALICE propellants at the 45th AIAA / ASME / SAE / ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference & Exhibit earlier this month in Denver , Colorado .
They found that the pressure exponent for ALICE was 0.73 , which is approximately a factor of two larger than Al / water mixtures .
Three sizes rocket motors ranging from internal diameters of 0.75 to 3 - in .
ALICE propellants successfully ignited and combusted in three different lab - scale rocket motors , generating thrust levels above 223 lbf for expansion ratios of 10 and center - perforated grain configurations ( 3 - in length ) .
For a 3 - in motor , combustion efficiency was around 70 % , while the specific impulse efficiency was 64 % .
Resources
Guy invades football pitch , several police hold him down .
One of the coppers tries to beat him discretely .
The crowd notice and ....
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/39/489/489676258.gif?end=1601575498&secure=05514b9532222e1456cf1
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
From cake , steak and tapas , to oysters , chicken and burgers , Killian
Fox roamed the world to find the 50 best things to eat and the best places to eat them in , with a little help from professionals like Raymond Blanc , Michel Roux , Ruth Rogers and Rose Gray
1 . Best place to eat : Oysters .
Strangfor Lough , Northern Ireland
Richard Corrigan reckons Strangford Lough oysters are the world ’s best .
Photograph : John Smith / Corbis
" If I were to die tomorrow , I 'd walk to Strangford , get a couple of bottles of really cold Chablis , and eat as many Strangford Lough oysters as I could .
Then I 'd die very happily indeed .
There are very few places you can get Strangford Lough oysters now .
Last time , we bought some from a company called Cuan and went to a beautiful local pub and opened them ourselves .
The speed of the tidal movement , and the huge nutrient richness of the water , is what makes them so good .
The only accompaniment you need is lemon juice and black pepper : you 'd never ever use vinegar and shallots or Tabasco . "
Cuan Oysters , Sketrick Island , Killinchy , Newtownards , County Down , Northern Ireland , 02897 541461 , www.cuanoysters.com
2 . Best place to eat : Aubergines
Ta Kioupa , Athens
" The aubergines were slow - baked for six hours , brought to the table whole , and skinned in front of us .
They took out the flesh , crisscrossed the aubergines with two knives , and then added whipped cream with hazelnuts , lemon , sweet pepper , oil , feta cheese , salt and pepper .
Incredible . "
Dinokratous & An , Polemou 22 , Kolonaki , 11521 Athens , 0030 210 7400150 , www.takioupia.com
3 . Best place to eat : Hamburgers
Little Owl , New York
There are many fine hamburgers in New York , even the most mediocre of which would put its British counterparts to shame .
But the best is the bacon cheeseburger at a small Greenwich Village bistro called Little Owl .
" This sandwich is so copiously juicy , so rich with precious bodily fluids , " says Josh Ozersky , author of The Hamburger : A History , " that it practically haemorrhages onto the plate .
But the meat , which is a signature blend from New York 's virtuoso hamburger maker Pat La Frieda , is perfectly paired with a bun of uniquely moist and yielding character .
It 's by far the best cheeseburger in this or any other city . "
90 Bedford St , New York , 001 212 741 4695 , www.thelittleowlnyc.com
4 . Best place to eat : Zabaglione
La Cinzianelle
The best place in the world to eat zabaglione , according to Giorgio Locatelli , is at his uncle 's restaurant , La Cinzianell , in Corgeno , northern Italy .
" As the sun goes down behind Monte Rosa and it starts getting a bit chilly , the thing I enjoy most is the zabaglione prepared by my cousin Maurizio … "
Via Lago , 26 Corgeno , 0039 0 331 946 337
5 . Best place to eat : Pho
Pho 24 , Vietnam
Vietnam ’s signature dish Pho at ' Pho 24 ' in Hanoi , Vietnam .
Photograph : Krista Kennell / Corbis
Pho , a noodle soup with thin slices of meat ( usually beef but sometimes chicken ) , is Vietnam 's signature dish , and the issue of who makes it best is as tangled as white rice noodles in tasty broth .
The Hanoi streets throw up a lot of persuasive contenders , such as the shack at 172 Ton Duc Thang Street .
However , the sleek chain restaurant Pho 24 , with branches around the country and across Asia , produces Vietnam 's most reliably good pho .
The meat is of a consistently high quality – a rarity in Vietnam – and the stock impresses even the hardest - to - please critics .
5 Nguyen Thiep Street , District 1 , Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam ( and other locations ) .
0084 88226278 , www.pho24.com.vn
7 . Best place to eat : Macaroons
Laduree , Paris
The original M Ladurée opened his bakery on the rue Royale in 1862 .
In 1930 his grandson invented the double - decker macaroon – two shells of the meringue - like pastry held together by creamy ganache filling .
Ladurée has produced the definitive macaroons ever since .
In recent years the company has opened shops around the world , but the original is by far the best .
16 rue Royale , 75008 Paris , 0033 01 42 60 21 79 , www.laduree.fr
8 . Best place to eat : Roast Chicken
L'Ami Louis , Paris
This Paris fixture , open since 1924 , is the ultimate French bistro .
Heads of state ( Clinton , Gorbachev ) and cultural giants ( Welles , Hemingway ) have come here to feast on sumptuous roast chicken , served whole with matchstick pommes frites and a simple green salad .
It 's touristy and expensive and the decor is a bit clichéd , but such details become trivial once the chicken ( which inspired Simon Hopkinson to write his much - loved Roast Chicken and Other Stories ) turns up at the table .
32 rue du Vertbois , 3e , 3rd arrondissement , Paris , 0033 1 48 87 77 48
9 . Best place to drink : Milkshakes
Fosselman's , Los Angeles
The ingredients for the perfect milkshake are extremely good ice cream mixed with just the right amount of milk , and a classic American setting .
The award - laden Fosselman's , in the LA suburb of Alhambra , has been offering both since 1924 .
The milkshakes , made with home - made ice cream , taste like you 'd expect milkshakes to taste in the movies .
Make a beeline for the double - chocolate malt .
1824 W Main Street , Alhambra , Los Angeles , 001 626 282 6533 , www.fosselmans.com
10 .
Best place to eat : Texas barbecue
Snow's , Texas
The title of best BBQ joint in Texas is hotly contested in a state where the consumption of charred meats is as serious as religion .
Texas Monthly magazine does the definitive annual poll .
Most recently , the magazine awarded the title to Snow's , a rank outsider that has been trading a mere five years .
Run by a former rodeo clown and an elderly lady named Tootsie , the restaurant only opens on Saturday mornings and consists of a small number of tables around a smoking pit .
516 Main Street , Lexington , Texas , 001 979 773 4640 ( Saturday only ) , www.snowsbbq.com
11 . Best place to eat : Steak
El Carpicho , Jimenez de Jamuz , Spain
Time magazine called it " the perfect steak " .
American Vogue 's exacting food writer Jeffrey Steingarten said it was " probably the greatest steak I 've ever eaten " .
They were referring to an enormous chuletón taken from the central rib section of a 16 - year - old Rubia Gallega ox , dry - aged for 90 days , and served in the cellar dining room of a rural bodega named El Capricho , near León in north - west Spain .
Paraje de las Bodegas , s/n , Jimenez de Jamuz , near León , Spain , 0034 987 664224
12 . Best place to eat : Fish and chips
The Wee Chippy , Fife , Scotland
The nearby Anstruther Fish Bar wins all the plaudits – it was named Fish and Chip Shop of the Year by the National Federation of Fish Friers last January – but locals swear by its rival , The Wee Chippy , which serves sublime fish and chips on the same street and without the endless queues .
4 Shore Street , Anstruther , Fife , 01333 310106
13 . Best place to eat : Strawberry tart
Restaurant de Bacon , Antibes , France
" When I go to the south of France in the summer , I always visit the Restaurant de Bacon in the Cap d'Antibes and I wait eagerly , in front of the sea and the old town , for the most amazing wild strawberry tart .
The crust melts in the mouth , it is deliciously flavoured with butter , and once you have finished it you feel delightfully naughty . "
688 Boulevard de Bacon , 06160 Cap D'Antibes , France , 0033 4 93 61 50 02 , www.restaurantdebacon.com
14 . Best place to eat : Pastrami on rye
Katz 's Deli , New York
The mail order department of Katz 's Delicatessen on the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York .
Photograph : Stan Honda / AFP / Getty Images
The legendary pastrami on rye from Katz's , New York 's oldest ( and possibly shabbiest ) deli , could qualify as king of all sandwiches by virtue of size alone : a whole pound of brined beef , pre-trimming , is used in each serving .
The sandwich – stacks of juicy meat with mustard and pickles between slices of rye bread – is as jaw - dropping , taste - wise , as it is gobstopping .
( Recall Meg Ryan 's unfaked endorsement of it in When Harry Met Sally . )
205 E Houston Street at Ludlow Street , New York , 001 212 254 2246 , www.katzdeli.com
15 . Best place to eat : Custard tart
Antiga Confeitaria de Belem , Lisbon
Creamy , flaky custard tarts – served warm with cinnamon – are one of Portugal 's great culinary gifts to the world .
The original pasteis café in the Belém district of Lisbon , next to the monastery where the dessert was invented , is still the best : their secret recipe has been guarded since 1837 .
Sit down with a plateful , and a strong coffee , and you 'll understand why more than 10,000 tarts are baked here every day .
Rua de Belém , 84 - 92 , Belém , Lisbon , 00351 21 363 7423 , www.pasteisdebelem.pt
16 . Best place to eat : Leg of beef
Le Louchebem , Paris
" For the most wonderful leg of beef I can't go past Le Louchebem in Paris , a simple , plain café with a very , very good rotisserie , located in the old meat district of Les Halles .
The beef comes with mashed potato and three different sauces . "
31 rue Berger , Angle 10 , rue des Prouvaires , Paris , 0033 1 42 33 12 99 , www.le-louchebem.fr
17 .
Best place to drink : Tomato juice
Happy Girl Kitchen , California
" If you find yourself in Marin County , California , it 's well worth the time to drive down the beautiful shoreline road to San Francisco and visit the Ferry Building for the heirloom organic tomato juice from Happy Girl Kitchen , which has a stall there on Saturdays .
They blend it with coriander and chilli and it's quite literally the best tomato juice you 'll ever taste . "
Ferry Plaza Farmer 's Market , One Ferry Building , San Francisco , 001 831 750 9579 , www.happygirlkitchen.com
18 . Best place to eat : Italian slow food
Coco Lezzone , Florence
" You can get the most amazing ' slow food ' in this tiny family - run restaurant which has been around for about 30 years .
It is famous for its pappa pomodoro and ribollita – the two most traditional Tuscan bread soups .
And they do the most delicious arista : pork loin cooked on the bone , stuffed with fennel seeds , garlic and rosemary , and served at room temperature . "
Via del Parioncino 26 , Florence , Italy , 0039 05 52 87 17 8
19 .
Best place to eat : Nordic food
Olo , Helsinki
" When I 'm back home in Finland , I always visit Olo in Helsinki .
The chef , Pekka Terävä , has created a brand in its own right , cooking modern Nordic cuisine with the best seasonal ingredients . "
Kasarmikatu 44 , 00130 Helsinki , Finland .
00358 9 665 565 , www.olo-restaurant.com
20 .
Best place to buy : Olive oil
Turkish embassy electrical supplies , London
Mehmet Murat in his electrical shop .
Photograph : Andy Hall
The most unlikely olive oil vendor in the world ?
At his electrical supply shop in London 's Clerkenwell , Mehmet Murat sells wonderful , intensely fruity oil from his family 's olive groves in Cyprus and south - west Turkey .
Now he imports more than a 1,000 litres per year .
His lemon - flavoured oil is good enough to drink on its own .
76 Compton Street , London EC1 , 020 7251 4721 , www.planet mem.com
And Manni
One of the priciest olive oils in the world , the minimum order of a litre of Manni costs £ 190 .
Film director Armando Manni harvests olives from seven plantations at different altitudes on a Tuscan mountain and speed - couriers the oil in small , UV - resistant bottles .
The flavours are extraordinary .
Chef Thomas Keller , of The French Laundry and Per Se , has called it " the best olive oil in the market " .
Monte Amiata , Seggiano , Italy , 0039 069 7274787 , www.manni.biz
21 . Best place to eat : Tacos
El Pastorcito , Mexico City
People drive the length and breadth of Mexico City , causing traffic jams , to get to this neighbourhood taqueria , which spills out onto the street from dusk till dawn .
The main draw is their superlative tacos al pastor – a speciality of the capital – made with pork carved from a shawarma - style spit and ultra - fresh salsa served in dramatically massive stone bowls .
4503 Lorenzo Boturini Street , 24 de Abril , Mexico City , Mexico , 0051 55 5764 1185 , www.elpastorcitodeboturini.com
22 . Best place to eat : Peking Duck
Quanjude , Beijing
Beijing 's most famous purveyor of Peking duck is nothing if not well - endorsed : more than 115 million ducks have been dished up in the restaurant 's 145 - year history , and China 's first Premier , Zhou Enlai , personally chose the location for the seven - storey Hepingmen branch .
Quantity has n't affected quality : the duck , with its crispy red skin and melt - in - the - mouth flesh , is sublime – 400 versions of the classic dish are available : opt for the classic kaoya .
Hepingmen Dajie , Xuanwu District , Beijing , China , 0086 10 6552 3745 , www.quanjude.com.cn
23 .
Best place to eat : Pork belly
Gramercy Tavern , New York
The dining room at Gramercy Tavern in New York .
Photograph : Neville Elder / Corbis
" As far as I 'm concerned , the Gramercy Tavern is one of the best places to eat in New York , and the best place to eat pig .
It is very relaxed but serves spectacular food .
I always have the rack of pork and braised belly and it always tastes perfect . "
42 East 20th Street , New York , New York , 001 212 477 0777 , www.gramercytavern.com
24 . Best place to eat : Vegetarian Indian
Sagar Ratna , Delhi
" Sagar Ratna , in Delhi , serves South Indian vegetarian food – pukka food that nourishes the body and soul and is always in harmony with the seasons .
My favourite dish there has always been idli sambhar : steamed rice cakes with coconut chutney and sambhar lentils . "
18 Defence Colony Market , New Delhi , 110024 , Delhi , India , 0091 11 24 33 36 58
25 . Best place to eat : Sushi
Daiwa sushi , Tokyo
If you want the world 's best sushi , do n't even think of looking anywhere but Japan .
Empty your bank account and eat at one of Tokyo's swankiest sushi temples , such as the three - Michelin - star Jiro in Ginza .
Alternatively , go right to the heart of the action , to the city 's overwhelming Tsukiji fish market ( the largest on the planet ) , and eat unsurpassable sushi for a fraction of the price at Daiwa Sushi .
It 's a fast - moving hole - in - the - wall establishment without tables and it's only open for breakfast , but none of this matters once the expertly prepared rolls come your way .
Try the melt - in - the - mouth tai , a type of sea bream that is impossible to get outside Japan .
Building 6 , Chuo-ichiba , 5 - 2 - 1 Tsukiji , Chuo-ku , Tokyo , Japan , 0081 3 3547 6807
26 . Best place to eat : Filipino cuisine
Lighthouse Restaurant , Cebu , Philippines
" The Lighthouse in Cebu in the Philippines is my favourite restaurant .
We always eat bulalo ( beef stew ) , banana heart salad , adobo ( marinaded meat ) , baked oysters , pancit noodles , lechon de leche ( suckling pig ) and , to drink , green mango juice – my daughter is addicted to it !
The staff are so friendly and welcoming .
The chef has been there for more than 20 years , so the food is very consistent . "
Gaisano Country Mall , Banilad , Cebu city , Philippines , 0063 32 231 2478
27 .
Best place to eat : California cuisine
Chez Panisse , Berkeley , California
" Chez Panisse does n't just do the world 's best Californian food : it is quite simply the best restaurant in the world .
Superb . "
1517 Shattuck Avenue , Berkeley , California , 001 510 548 5525 , www.chezpanisse.com
28 . Best place to eat : Algerian food
Restaurant Gnaoua , Algiers
" To get a really good North African meal in Algeria you have to get yourself invited to someone 's house , and as there are so few tourists , people would love to have you to their home for a meal .
The few restaurants around tend to serve bad French food .
That said , there is a handful of really good grilled - fish restaurants down in the port in Algiers .
My favourite is a small , traditional place called Restaurant Gnaoua .
The owner , Hamidou , understands Algerian cuisine .
It 's not an easy cuisine to get , but he just does . "
Cite Sahraoui , les Deux Bassins , Ben Aknoun , Algiers , Algeria
29 .
Best place to eat : Classic French cuisine ,
Close des Gourmets , Paris
" I eat at Clos Des Gourmets two or three times a week when I 'm in Paris .
They only use seasonal ingredients and always add a touch of wackiness to very classic dishes .
They love creating new things .
I suppose it 's new classic French cuisine .
I 'll have roast kidneys or grilled rabbit with fresh herbs in a white wine sauce , asparagus with truffle in early summer , and a lavender crème brûlée to finish .
It 's always madly busy but the dishes are always perfectly cooked .
And it 's amazingly cheap : ¤ 80 for three courses with wine .
Unbelievable . "
16 Avenue Rapp , Paris , 0033 1 45 51 75 61 , www.closdesgourmets.com
30 .
Best place to eat : Tapas
Cal Pep , Barcelona
" Cal Pep does completely amazing tapas .
It has a brilliant atmosphere , and the bar is presided over by the owner , Pep , himself .
Order the langoustines with onions , chickpeas , spinach and bacon , and fried seafood . "
Plaça de les Olles 8 , Barcelona , 0034 93 31 07 961 , www.calpep.com
31 . Best place to eat : Pizza
Frank Pepe Pizzeria , New Haven , Conneticut
You could generate enough heat to fuel a brick oven with the argument over which country bakes the world 's best pizza : Italy , where the concept originated , or America , where it was globalised .
Neapolitan purists will make pilgrimages to hotspots such as La Sorrentina , outside Naples , whose chef has won the prestigious Naples Pizza Championship , but we contend that the upstart Yanks do it better .
The best American pizza can be found , not in New York as is commonly assumed , but in New Haven , Connecticut , where the Pepe family has been spinning dough since 1925 .
Their white clam pie has no equals .
157 Wooster Street , New Haven , Connecticut , 001 203 865 5762 , www.pepespizzeria.com
Pizzeria La Sorrentina , Via Domenico Pirozzi 37 , Fratta Maggiore , Italy , 0039 338 3248615
32 . Best place to eat : Thai curry
Krua Apsorn , Bangkok
" When I 'm in Bangkok , I go to Apsorn 's Kitchen , also known as Krua Apsorn , a small restaurant just up from the National Library .
It is a great place to go for incredibly traditional Thai food .
I have the crab in curry powder , followed by the deep - fried kingfish with green mango and the yellow curry with prawns and lotus shoots . "
503-505 Sam San Road , Dusit , Bangkok , Thailand 0066 2 24 18 52 8
33 .
Best place to eat : Simple French food
Le Vin et L'Assiette , Besancon , France
" When I go home , I go to Le Vin et L'Assiette in Besançon and order pâté de campagne , a big chunk of crusty bread and a glass of wine .
The restaurant is honest , simple , and a wonderful place .
It has fantastic wine cellars with local wines that people would never have heard of . "
97 rue Battant , Besançon , France , 0033 3 81 81 48 18
34 . Best place to eat : Ice cream
Corrado Costanzo , Noto , Sicily
The legend about Romans making the earliest ice creams from the snows of Mount Etna may be apocryphal , but Sicily is still the best place for frozen treats in gelato - crazed Italy , and Italian ice cream , as everybody knows , is the finest in the world .
( Gelato is made with considerably less butterfat than the heavier American variants , for starters . )
Corrado Costanzo's pastry shop can be found in the crumbling baroque town of Noto , in the south - eastern corner of the island .
We defy you to find an ice better than his transcendent mandarin - orange granita .
Via Silvio Spaventa 7 , Noto , Sicily , 0039 931 835 243
35 . Best place to eat : Kebabs
Bade Miya , Mumbai
An entire Mumbai street gets overrun , nightly , by pilgrims to an unassuming grilled - food vendor on a pavement behind the Taj Hotel .
People hunch over rickety outdoor tables , or the hoods of their cars , to gorge on cheap , basic but spectacular kebabs , roti rolls and drumsticks hot from the grill .
The chicken tangdi kebab is especially delicious .
Tulloch Road , Apollo Bunder , Mumbai , India
36 . Best place to eat : Ravioli
Babbo , New York
" I love the oxtail ravioli with black truffles and pigeon liver sauce at Babbo in New York , my favourite restaurant .
It is a simple neighbourhood Italian , but it has a wonderful atmosphere .
The only problem is that the restaurant is so busy you have to book a month in advance . "
110 Waverly Place , New York , 001 212 777 0303 , www.babbonyc.com
37 .
Best place to eat : Prawns
Casa Bigote , Sanlucar de Barrameda , Spain
" The logo of this restaurant is actually a prawn , and they get their seafood from little dayboats .
They serve the local Sanlucar prawn , which is mild and sweet , a bit like a tiger prawn but pinker .
They do mantis shrimps too – prehistoric - looking things which taste like white crab meat .
They steam them , and really need n't do anything else . "
Restaurante Casa Bigote , Bajo de Guia , 10 , Sanlúcar de Barrameda , Cádiz , Andalucía , 0034 956 36 26 96/956 36 32 42
38 . Best place to eat : Currywurst
Konnopke 's Imbiss , Berlin
The German obsession with currywurst – 800 m portions of chopped sausage with sweet curry sauce are consumed each year – reaches its zenith in Berlin , where countless diners and roadside stalls vie for the currywurst crown .
It 's hard to improve on Konnopke 's , which has been serving superlative sausage since 1930 under raised train tracks in Prenzlauerberg .
Consume with fries and a cold bottle of Berliner Pilsner for maximum impact .
Schönhauser Allee 44a , Prenzlauer Berg , Berlin , 0049 30 442 7765 , www.konnopke-imbiss.de
39 .
Best place to eat : Ham
Casas , Aracena , Spain
" Aracena , 40 minutes north of Seville , feels like a frontier town , because north of it is an area the size of Wales of nonstop forest .
Here groups of men disappear for months at a time harvesting the cork bark and tending the oak so the iberico pig may gorge on acorns .
Black foot ham from nearby Jabugo is some of the finest in the country , and there is nothing better than sitting down in any of the bars and restaurants in Aracena to a plate of this rich delicacy , sliced and served with unpretentious understanding .
Last time we were there we had a memorable revueltos ( scrambled eggs ) with setas ( local wild mushrooms ) and jamón at Casas . "
Calle Colmenetas 41 , Aracena , Huelva , Spain , 0034 959/128044
40 .
Best place to eat : Chocolate cake
Pierre Herme , Paris
" When Pierre Hermé first let me try his heart - shaped Chuao cake , made with blackcurrants and a chuao couverture from Pralus , I totally forgot where I was .
It was a firework of aromas , temperatures and textures .
The freshness of the fruit flirted with the roundness of the chocolate .
Hermé is a genius – one of my chocolate gods .
The cake is seasonal and available on demand , and now made with Valrhona , but it is still my favourite in the world . "
72 , rue Bonaparte , Paris , 0033 01 43 54 47 77 , www.pierreherme.com
41 . Best place to eat : Fried potatoes
Bomba Bar Cova Fumada , Barcelona
" It 's an ancient place , with a marble bar on which they note down what you 've had with chalk .
Father and son run the bar , while the grandmother and mother look after the stove .
Go for the bomba , crushed potato balls with minced meat , bread - crumbed and deep - fried with a spicy sauce . "
No 56 Carrer del Baluard , Barceloneta , Barcelona , Spain , 0034 93 221 4061
42 . Best place to eat : Octopus
Tholos , Symi , Greece
" On my most recent trip to the Dodecanese islands , outside a tiny taverna in Symi port that overlooked the beautiful bay , we ate monster 4 kg octopus cooked in its own water then barbecued and brushed with the juice from the cooking .
It was super - tender and crunchy on the outside .
The flavours were incredibly intense – the juice had been flavoured with rosemary , garlic and olive oil .
The best time to eat octopus here is May or late September . "
Gialos , Symi 85600 , Islands , Greece , 0030 22460 72033
43 .
Best place to eat : Bouillabaisse
Restaurant de Bacon , Antibes , France
" The most powerful experience I ever had with a bouillabaisse ( Provençal fish stew ) was at this restaurant by the sea in Antibes .
The place itself is nothing fancy but it 's very famous for this dish , and people travel a long way for it .
They kill you with the price – it costs an arm and a leg – but it 's worth it .
They use fish from the region that 's been caught that same morning , and bouillabaisse is their speciality : they do it better than anyone else on this planet .
It 's really an experience . "
688 Boulevard de Bacon , 06160 Cap D'Antibes , France , 0033 4 93 61 50 02 , www.restaurantdebacon.com
44 . Best place to eat : Steak and kidney pie
The Hinds Head , Bray
Heston Blumenthal in his pub , The Hinds Head .
Photograph : Karen Robinson
Heston Blumenthal made hundreds of different versions of steak and kidney pie before deciding that oxtail gave the preferred meaty kick .
The result is on the menu at his pub , just down the road from The Fat Duck in Bray , and it is beyond spectacular .
High Street , Bray , Berkshire , 01628 626151 , www.thehindsheadhotel.com
45 . Best place to eat : Pasta
Trattoria Caprini , Verona , Italy
" This little restaurant in Verona makes the most beautiful pasta in the traditional way , rolling it into wafer thin sheets before cutting it into the various shapes .
The pasta is rich and eggy with a slightly tough texture that ensures that it does n't turn sloppy when cooked .
We went recently and loved the pasta so much we bought some back for the chefs at the restaurant .
It was so delicious that they ate it with just some olive oil – the pasta spoke for itself . "
9 Via Paolo Zanotti , Torbe di Negrar di Volpolicella , Verona , Italy , 0039 0457500511 , www.trattoriacaprini.it
46 . Best place to eat : Ceviche
Sankuay , Lima , Peru
The ceviche craze has gone global in recent years ( it now graces the menu at London 's Nobu ) , but to really experience Peru 's national dish of raw fish cured in lime juice and hot pepper , you have to venture into the backstreets of Lima .
The title of best cebecheria is hotly contested in the Peruvian capital .
Javier Wong 's Sankuay undoubtedly has the greatest sense of theatre .
There 's no sign outside , and the building in the anonymous Balconcillo district turns out to be the chef 's own home .
There are only 10 tables , and no menu .
Wong 's cebiche , made with lenguado ( a type of sole ) and accompanied by octopus discs rather than the usual choclo ( white maize ) and camote ( sweet potato ) , is out of this world .
Garcia Leon 114 ( between block 3 and 4 of Av Canada ) , Santa Catalina , La Victoria , Lima , Peru , 0011 51 1 470 6217
47 . Best place to eat : Suckling pig
Montimar , Estellencs , Mallorca
" This restaurant is in the tiny village of Estellencs in Mallorca , where our mother grew up .
Every time we come to visit we eat here – you actually have to walk through the terrace of the restaurant to get to our house .
The suckling pig is delicious . "
Plaça Constitució 7 , 07192 Estellencs , Mallorca , 0034 971 618 576
48 . Best place to eat : Curry
Karim's , Delhi
In a beehive of rooms off a hectic Old Delhi bazaar , the Zahiruddin family , which once cooked for Mughal emperors , has been serving sumptuous curries and grilled meats since 1913 .
The butter chicken curry , served in a rich tomato sauce , is as much a landmark as the colossal Jama Masjid at the end of the street .
Devotees swear it 's the best curry in India and therefore , naturally , the world .
Jama Masjid , Gala Kababian , Old Delhi , India , 0091 11 2326 9880 , www.karimhoteldelhi.com
49 .
Best place to eat : Dim sum
Luk Yu Tea House , Hong Kong
" Hong Kong is the best place for dim sum , and Luk Yu Tea House is a Hong Kong institution .
It feels very authentic , and the dim sum they do is of an extremely high quality ( it 's incredible how they 've managed to keep both the quality and the authenticity ) .
The menu has n't really changed since it opened in 1933 .
You get things here you wo n't get anywhere else .
They buy the best Chinese ham and grill it in small slices as an appetiser – amazing with a glass of red wine .
And they still do incredible egg tarts . "
24 -26 Stanley Street , Central , Hong Kong , 00852 2523 5464
50 .
Best place to eat : Ramen
Ramen Jiro , Tokyo
" People in Japan always say ramen ( Japanese noodle soup ) can't be this and can't be that .
Ramen Jiro is very non-traditional , in your face , take it or leave it .
You either love it or hate it , but people who like it are good people .
It 's got pork , it 's got cabbage , it 's got garlic , and the sauce is sweet .
It 's gnarly .
There are several branches ; my favourite is the one near Keio University . "
2-14-11 Mita , Minato - ku , Tokyo , Japan
WITH THANKS TO
Fergus Henderson , St John , London
Anthony Demetre , Arbutus , Soho
Skye Gyngell , Petersham Nurseries , Richmond , Surrey
Rowley Leigh , Le Café Anglais , London
Oliver Rowe , Konstam at the Prince Albert , London
Rose Gray and Ruth Rogers , The River Café , London .
Helena Puolakka , Skylon , London Stuart Gillies , The Boxwood Café , London
Jason Atherton , Maze , London
John Torode , Smiths of Smithfield , London
Atul Kochhar , Benares , London Mourad Mazouz , Momo , London
Sally Clarke , Clarke's , London
Michel Roux Sr , The Waterside Inn , Bray , Berkshire ; author of " Pastry "
Jun Tanaka , Pearl Restaurant , London
Sam Hart , Quo Vadis , London
David Thompson , Nahm , London
Raymond Blanc , Le Manoir aux Quat ' Saisons , Great Milton , Oxfordshire
Richard Corrigan , Bentley's , London
Theodore Kyriakou , More , London
Alan Yau , Wagamama , Hakkasan , Yauatcha , all London
Sam and Sam Clark , Moro , London
Eric Ripert , Le Bernardin , New York
Chloe Doutre - Roussel , chocolate connoisseur , buyer and writer
David Chang , Momnofuku , New York
Eddie Hart , Fino , Barafina , London
( CNN ) --
The Pentagon has revolutionized warfare during the past decade , making unmanned aerial vehicles , known as UAVs , a staple of modern combat in Afghanistan and Iraq .
A USAF technician at Creech Air Force Base , checks Hellfire missile attachments on a Predator .
Remotely - controlled drones , such as the Predator and the Reaper , have allowed the U.S. military to spy on and attack enemy combatants without putting their own forces at risk , thereby making UAVs a must - have .
" The real advantage of unmanned aerial systems is they allow you to project power without projecting vulnerability , " says USAF Lt. Gen. David Deptula at the Pentagon .
But as USAF commanders try to provide enough pilots to take charge of drones , many are considering another aspect of the warfare revolution -- the psychological impact on those controlling the vehicles .
As Dr. Kory Cornum , a USAF colonel , explains : " Whereas we have thousands of years of data on what it 's like to go to war really , we only have a few years of data on what it 's like to go to war virtually .
And so we do n't have really enough data . "
Pilots are now dealing with something never experienced before -- a rapid transition from intense combat to home comfort , often in less than an hour .
Some describe it as a version of post - traumatic stress disorder , often more associated with soldiers directly in harm 's way .
Peter Singer , an adviser to U.S. President Barack Obama 's campaign team and author of " Wired for War , " described one encounter with a frustrated non-commissioned officer .
" She actually banged the table , saying : ' No one is paying attention to this issue of PTSD [ post - traumatic stress disorder ] among my men and women , no one 's paying attention to it , " Singer says .
" And she talked about a scene where they were flying a drone above a set of U.S. soldiers that were killed and the drone was unarmed at the time and they could n't do anything about it .
They just circled above and they watched U.S. soldiers die in front of them . "
Watch the debate about the impact of UAVs on pilots »
USAF fighter pilots like Major Morgan Andrews remotely control drones from Creech Air Force Base in Nevada .
Less than an hour after targeting he 'll be back in suburban Las Vegas , his drive home more physically dangerous than the combat mission he has just undertaken .
Commanders at Creech say that if there is stress , it comes from relentless around - the - clock shift work .
World 's Untold Stories : Warfare by Remote For this month 's World 's Untold Stories Nic Robertson takes us inside the revolutionary world of robotic warfare and UAVs , better known as drones .
Thurs July 23 : 0430 ET , 1300 ET / Sat July 25 : 0430 ET , see full schedule »
Andrews says that like any good pilot he has learned to compartmentalize his life , using his commute to and from work to transition .
" I think about work , I think about what happened , " Andrews explains , " what I could 've done better , anything I maybe did wrong that I could 've done differently , how could I do it better next time .
I just kind of go through it and usually , by the time I get home , I 've sorted it all through my mind and stick it away in a file and go on with life . "
For Andrews , fighting from Nevada more than outweighs the drawbacks of long overseas deployments , allowing him to enjoy life at home with his family and friends .
Cornum adds that the drive home is more of a blessing than anyone realized .
" It does give you some amount of time , as opposed to if you lived on base and you could literally walk out of war and into your house , " he says .
" I do n't know if 30 minutes is enough .
But it gives you time to decompress . "
But conducting remote warfare , as Cornum explains , brings with it stress that vary from those usually experienced by troops .
" The big difference is that when you are actually deployed , you are with all your battle buddies who are experiencing the thing 24/ 7 .
Whereas when you go home , you go home to your family , to your neighbors , who are not in the battle all the time .
And that 's good and bad . "
All About U.S. Air Force Activities • The Taliban • Al Qaeda • Pakistan • Iraq
Fed economist Yuliya Demyanyk has put out a long essay debunking myths about the subprime crisis .
It 's a very useful reminder that many of the popular explanations for our mess are way too simple .
“ On close inspection many of the most popular explanations for the subprime crisis turn out to be myths .
Empirical research shows that the causes of the subprime mortgage crisis and its magnitude were more complicated than mortgage interest rate resets , declining underwriting standards , or declining home values .
Nor were its causes unlike other crises of the past .
The subprime crisis was building for years before showing any signs and was fed by lending , securitization , leveraging , and housing booms , ” she writes .
Ten Myths about Subprime Mortgages
by Yuliya Demyanyk
On close inspection many of the most popular explanations for the subprime crisis turn out to be myths .
Empirical research shows that the causes of the subprime mortgage crisis and its magnitude were more complicated than mortgage interest rate resets , declining underwriting standards , or declining home values .
Nor were its causes unlike other crises of the past .
The subprime crisis was building for years before showing any signs and was fed by lending , securitization , leveraging , and housing booms .
Subprime mortgages have been getting a lot of attention in the United States since 2000 , when the number of subprime loans being originated and refinanced shot up rapidly .
The attention intensified in 2007 , when defaults on subprime loans began to skyrocket .
Researchers , policymakers , and the public have tried to identify the factors that explained these defaults .
Unfortunately , many of the most popular explanations that have emerged for the subprime crisis are , to a large extent , myths .
On close inspection , these explanations are not supported by empirical research .
Myth 1 : Subprime mortgages went only to borrowers with impaired credit
Subprime mortgages went to all kinds of borrowers , not only to those with impaired credit .
A loan can be labeled subprime not only because of the characteristics of the borrower it was originated for , but also because of the type of lender that originated it , features of the mortgage product itself , or how it was securitized .
Specifically , if a loan was given to a borrower with a low credit score or a history of delinquency or bankruptcy , lenders would most likely label it subprime .
But mortgages could also be labeled subprime if they were originated by a lender specializing in high - cost loans — although not all high - cost loans are subprime .
Also , unusual types of mortgages generally not available in the prime market , such as “ 2/28 hybrids , ” which switch to an adjustable interest rate after only two years of a fixed rate , would be labeled subprime even if they were given to borrowers with credit scores that were sufficiently high to qualify for prime mortgage loans .
The process of securitizing a loan could also affect its subprime designation .
Many subprime mortgages were securitized and sold on the secondary market .
Securitizers rank ordered pools of mortgages from the most to the least risky at the time of securitization , basing the ranking on a combination of several risk factors , such as credit score , loan - to - value and debt - to - income ratios , etc .
The most risky pools would become a part of a subprime security .
All the loans in that security would be labeled subprime , regardless of the borrowers ’ credit scores .
The myth that subprime loans went only to those with bad credit arises from overlooking the complexity of the subprime mortgage market and the fact that subprime mortgages are defined in a number of ways — not just by the credit quality of borrowers .
One of the myth ’s byproducts is that examples of borrowers with good credit and subprime loans have been seen as evidence of foul play , generating accusations that such borrowers must have been steered unfairly and sometimes fraudulently into the subprime market .
Myth 2 : Subprime mortgages promoted homeownership
The availability of subprime mortgages in the United States did not facilitate increased homeownership .
Between 2000 and 2006 , approximately one million borrowers took subprime mortgages to finance the purchase of their first home .
These subprime loans did contribute to an increased level of homeownership in the country — at the time of mortgage origination .
Unfortunately , many homebuyers with subprime loans defaulted within a couple of years of origination .
The number of such defaults outweighs the number of first - time homebuyers with subprime mortgages .
Given that there were more defaults among all ( not just first - time ) homebuyers with subprime loans than there were first - time homebuyers with subprime loans , it is impossible to conclude that subprime mortgages promoted homeownership .
Myth 3 : Declines in home values caused the subprime crisis in the United States
Researchers , policymakers , and the general public have noticed that a large number of mortgage defaults and foreclosures followed the decline in house prices .
This observation resulted in a general belief that the crisis occurred because of declining home values .
The decline in home values only revealed the problems with subprime mortgages ; it did not cause the defaults .
Research shows that the quality of newly originated mortgages was worsening every year between 2001 and 2007 ; the crisis was brewing for many years before house prices even started slowing down .
But because the housing boom allowed homeowners to refinance even the worst mortgages , we did not see this negative trend in loan quality for years preceding the crisis .
Myth 4 : Declines in mortgage underwriting standards triggered the subprime crisis
An analysis of subprime mortgages shows that within the first year of origination , approximately 10 percent of the mortgages originated between 2001 and 2005 were delinquent or in default , and approximately 20 percent of the mortgages originated in 2006 and 2007 were delinquent or in default .
This rapid jump in default rates was among the first signs of the beginning crisis .
If deteriorating underwriting standards explain this phenomenon , we would be able to observe a substantial loosening of the underwriting criteria between 2001 –2005 and 2006 –2007 , periods between which the default rates doubled .
The data , however , show no such change in standards .
Actually , the criteria that are associated with larger default rates , such as debt - to - income or loan - to - value ratios , were , on average , worsening a bit every year from 2001 to 2007 , but the changes between the 2001 –2005 and 2006 –2007 periods were not sufficiently high to explain the near 100 percent increase in default rates for loans originated in these years .
Myth 5 : Subprime mortgages failed because people used homes as ATMs
Rising house prices and falling mortgage interest rates before 2006 gave many homeowners an opportunity to refinance their mortgages and extract cash .
The cash extracted from home equity could be spent for home improvements , bill payments , or general goods and services .
Among subprime mortgages that were securitized , more than half were originated to refinance existing mortgages into larger ones and to take cash out of home equity .
While this option was popular throughout the subprime years ( 2001 –2007 ) , it was not a primary factor in causing the massive defaults and foreclosures that occurred after both home prices and interest rates reversed their paths .
Mortgages that were originated for refinancing actually performed better than mortgages originated solely to buy a home ( comparing mortgages of the same age and origination year ) .
The rates of default for cash - out refinance mortgages within one year of origination were 17 percent for mortgages originated in 2006 and 20 percent for those originated in 2007 .
In contrast , the rates of default within one year of origination for mortgages originated to buy a home were 23 percent and 27 percent for the origination years 2006 and 2007 , respectively .
Myth 6 : Subprime mortgages failed because of mortgage rate resets
Among subprime loans , the most popular type of adjustable rate mortgage ( ARM ) is a hybrid , a loan whose interest rate is reset after an initial two - or three - year period of fixed rates .
A fixed - rate mortgage ( FRM ) , on the other hand , never has its rate reset .
The belief that rate resets caused many subprime defaults has its origin in the statistical analyses of loan performance that were done on these two types of loans soon after the problems with subprime mortgages were coming to light .
Those analyses compared loan performance in a way that was conventional at the time , but which turned out to be inappropriate for these loans .
To ascertain whether ARMs or FRMs were experiencing different levels of default , analysts compared the proportion of outstanding FRMs that were delinquent to the proportion of outstanding ARMs that were delinquent .
Based on that comparison , the proportion of delinquent hybrid loans had begun to skyrocket after 2006 , while that of fixed - rate loans looked as if it was fairly stable .
The problem with this type of analysis is that it hid problems with FRMs because it considered all outstanding loans ; that is , it combined loans that had been originated in different years .
Combining old with more recent loans influences the results , first , because older loans tend to perform better .
Second , FRM loans were losing their popularity from 2001 to 2007 , so fewer loans of this type were being originated every year .
When newer loans were defaulting more than the older loans , any newer FRM defaults were hidden inside the large stock of older FRMs .
By contrast , the ARM defaults were more visible inside the younger ARM stock .
To illustrate the problem , consider the following example .
Suppose there are 1,000 FRMs and 100 ARMs outstanding in the market .
In the current year , 100 new FRMs and 100 new ARMs are originated .
Suppose the default rate for both types of new loans is 100 percent within a year and that old loans do not default .
The observed default rate for FRMs is 100 out of 1,100 outstanding loans ( 9.1 percent ) , and the default rate for ARMs is 100 out of 200 outstanding loans ( 50 percent ) .
Even though the level of default is the same for all new originations , the FRM pool looks much healthier .
If we compare the performance of adjustable - and fixed - rate loans by year of origination ( which keeps new and old loans separate ) , we find that FRMs originated in 2006 and 2007 had 2.6 and 3.5 times more delinquent loans within one year of origination , respectively , than those originated in 2003 .
Likewise , ARMs originated in 2006 and 2007 had 2.3 times and 2.7 times more delinquent loans one year after origination , respectively , than those originated in 2003 .
In short , FRMs showed as many signs of distress as did ARMs .
These signs for both types of mortgage were there at the same time ; it is not correct to conclude that FRMs started facing larger foreclosure rates after the crisis was initiated by the ARMs .
Myth 7 : Subprime borrowers with hybrid mortgages were offered ( low ) “ teaser rates ”
By design , a hybrid mortgage contract offers a fixed mortgage rate for a couple of years ; after that , the rate is scheduled to reset once or twice a year to the current market rate plus a margin that is prespecified in the contract .
A market rate combined with the margin may be lower or higher than the initial fixed mortgage rate , as it largely depends on the market rate that prevails at the reset time .
Hybrid mortgages were available both in prime and subprime mortgage markets , but at significantly different terms .
Those in the prime market offered significantly lower introductory fixed rates , known as “ teaser rates , ” compared to rates following the resets .
People assumed that the initial rates for subprime loans were also just as low and they applied the same label to them — “ teaser rates . ”
We need to understand , though , that the initial rates offered to subprime hybrid borrowers may have been lower than they most likely would have been for the same borrowers had they taken a fixed - rate subprime mortgage , but they were definitely not low in absolute terms .
The average subprime hybrid mortgage rates at origination were in the 7.3â €“ 9.7 percent range for the years 2001 –2007 , compared to average prime hybrid mortgage rates at origination of around 2 – 3 percent .
The subprime figures are hardly “ teaser rates . ”
Myth 8 : The subprime mortgage crisis in the United States was totally unexpected
Observing the extent of the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States and the global financial crisis that followed , it is hard to tell that this turmoil and its magnitude were anticipated by anyone .
The data suggest , though , that some market participants were likely aware of an impending market correction .
In a market with rapidly rising prices , mortgage contracts that cannot be sustained can be terminated through prepayment or refinancing .
Borrowers can change houses and mortgage contracts easily in a booming environment , and defaults do not occur as frequently as they would without the boom .
Because of this ability to dispose of unsustainable mortgages , signs of the crisis brewing between 2001 and 2005 were hidden behind a “ mask ” of rising house prices .
Using a statistical model to control for rising housing prices , Otto Van Hemert and I determined that default rates were increasing every year for six consecutive years before the crisis had shown any signs .
This deterioration is observable now , with the help of hindsight and research findings , but it was also known to some extent to those who were securitizing subprime mortgages in those years .
Securitizers seemed to have been adjusting mortgage interest rates to reflect this deterioration in loan quality .
In short , lenders ’ expectations of the increasing risk of massive defaults among subprime borrowers were forming for years before the crisis ; most likely , it was not the crisis that was unexpected , it was its timing and magnitude .
Myth 9 : The subprime mortgage crisis in the United States is unique in its origins
The mortgage crisis in the United States is large and devastating , and it has led to global financial turmoil .
In this sense , it is certainly unique .
However , neither the origin of this crisis or the way it has played out was unique at all .
In fact , it seems to have followed the classic lending boom - and - bust scenario that has been observed historically in many countries .
In this scenario , a lending boom of a sizable magnitude leads to a lending - market collapse if it is associated with a deterioration in lending standards , an increase in the riskiness of loans , and a decrease in the price markup of said risk .
Argentina in 1980 , Chile in 1982 , Sweden , Norway , and Finland in 1992 , Mexico in 1994 , and Thailand , Indonesia , and Korea in 1997 all experienced a pattern similar to the U.S. subprime boom - and - bust cycle .
The United Stated has had similar episodes , though on a smaller scale , as well : a crisis with farm loans in the 1980s and one with commercial real estate loans in the 1990s .
Myth 10 : The subprime mortgage market was too small to cause big problems
Before the crisis , there was a conventional belief that a market as relatively small as the U.S. subprime mortgage market ( about 16 percent of all U.S. mortgage debt in 2008 ) could not cause significant problems in wider arenas even if it were to crash completely .
However , we now see a severe ongoing crisis — a crisis that has affected the real economies of many countries in the world , causing recessions , banking and financial turmoil , and a credit crunch — radiating out from failures in the subprime market .
Why is it so ?
The answer lies in the complexity of the market for the securities that were derived from subprime mortgages .
Not only were the securities traded directly , they were also repackaged to create more complicated financial instruments ( derivatives ) , such as collateralized debt obligations .
The derivatives were again split into various tranches , repackaged , re-split and repackaged again many times over .
This , most likely , was one of the mechanisms that amplified problems in the subprime securitized market , and the subsequent subprime - related losses .
Each stage of the securitization process increased the leverage financial institutions were taking on ( as they were purchasing the securities and derivatives with borrowed money ) and made it more difficult to value their holdings of those financial instruments .
With the growing leverage and inability to value the securities , uncertainty about the solvency of a number of large financial firms grew .
Conclusion
Many of the myths presented here single out some characteristic of subprime loans , subprime borrowers , or the economic circumstances in which those loans were made as the cause of the crisis .
All these factors are certainly important for borrowers with subprime mortgages in terms of their ability to keep their homes and make regular mortgage payments .
A borrower with better credit characteristics , a steady job , a loan with a low interest rate , and a home whose value keeps increasing is much less likely to default on a mortgage than a borrower with everything in reverse .
But the causes of the subprime mortgage crisis and its magnitude were more complicated than mortgage interest rate resets , declining underwriting standards , or declining home values .
The crisis had been building for years before showing any signs .
It was feeding off the lending , securitization , leveraging , and housing booms .
( Pocket - lint ) - The Ordnance Survey is paid for by the tax payer - serveral times over as it goes .
So , why is it that we foot a further fee to Great Britain 's national mapping agency every time we buy a satnav or even an A -Z ?
If you purchase a TomTom , approximately 20 - 30 % of that cost goes to Tele Atlas who licenses the maps that TomTom and many other hardware manufacturers use .
Part of that charge is because Tele Atlas itself , and the company 's main rival Navteq , have to buy the data from national mapping agencies in the first place , like the Ordance Survey , and then stitch all the information together .
Hence the consumer having to pay on a number of levels .
It was this and many more nuggets of mapping gold that Pocket - lint picked up on when we stopped in for a drink with Steve Coast , the founder of the collaborative , free and editable world map , the OpenStreetMap .
The aim of the project is to bring to the mapping world what Wikipedia brought to encyclopedias .
The main troubles with the current system are that it 's expensive for the end user and it's inaccurate .
Tele Atlas and Navteq know that they 're inaccurate .
They say so themselves .
It 's because they can only update the roads every 12 - 18 months when they send one of their vans round with a GPS to check .
They also know that they 're inaccurate because they put inaccuracies in on purpose to make sure people are n't using their maps without permission .
OpenStreetMap circumvents these problems by crowd sourcing the data rather than buying it from agencies .
The data can then be passed on for free , in the true open source sense , and it's also constantly self - updated .
The results are marked if you look at the differences between OSM and Google Maps with its Tele Atlas supplied information .
" Take London 's parks for example , " says Coast as he gestures to the city behind us .
" On Google maps , there are no names on the paths going across Hyde Park and some of them appear to go through ponds and lakes .
There 's even one marked as a carriage way that you can drive down .
The difference is that Tele Atlas uses vans to check their routes and they can't drive through Hyde Park .
OpenStreetMap uses people . "
It 's not just the level of road detail either .
The OSM community maps cyclepaths , hiking trails , pubs , recycle points , shops and even trees and lamposts .
Users can add any level of information at all , it 's just a question of which of it is displayed on the viewed copy .
" Think of the data we have as a soup and it just depends on which parts we call on for each map .
You can use a section called the style editor to change preferences .
So , a company like Virgin might want to change all the colours of the roads to red for their commerical maps .
They can do that because there 's complete access to all the data and the only restrictions are like those for Linux - you have to credit OSM at the bottom and send us any information on any improvements you make . "
The system , of course , relies on the community being willing to do the leg work and that 's perhaps where the comparison with Wikipedia ends .
It 's a lot easier to get someone to update an article from home than it is to send them out with a GPS .
It also brings the community 's location into account .
" Most of Africa , that 's a black spot for us , " confesses Coast , palms up .
" That 's the case for much of the Developing World .
People just do n't have the equipment , and in the UK , the Medway towns are n't so good for us .
It 's just very hard to get people interested in some places . "
That said , if you take a look at what Google Maps comes up with for Africa , there 's not a hell of a lot there either , and , in fact , choosing the city of Windhoek in Namibia and Zomba in Malawi at random , OSM has more to offer .
Places of high conflict are also far better covered in OSM .
They 're the only agency to have maps of Baghdad .
You would n't get many Tele Atlas or Navteq drivers volunteering for that job .
Germany has also been a huge success story for OSM .
Although the term is relative , it will be the first country that the service considers " complete " as of later this year .
There are huge numbers of enthusiasts in the country and they hold mapping parties of up to 40 people who'll turn up , get given a GPS device and return later that day when the group has covered an area .
It 's also a way to introduce people to the community and shown how to get the GPS data onto the system .
So why do people do it ?
" It 's addicitive .
People really get into it .
A friend of mine described it as like dot - to - dot for stoners but it 's more than that .
There 's a certain civic responsibility that people take on .
They like to make things correct .
There 's something in the pride of getting your part of the map right . "
But it 's not just Europe who 've picked up the bug .
" I was giving someone a demonstration of OSM on my laptop and asked them to name any city in the world .
I was a little worried when they asked to see Havana , Cuba , but when we got there , we discovered an absolutely stunning map of the city - one of the best I 've seen . "
The project started while Coast was a student at UCL , who continue to host the OSM for free today .
Orginally reading Computer Sciences and later switching to Physics , he found some time to have a look at a few of the university 's gadgets .
" I was playing around in the VR labs with augemented reality and a got hold of a GPS device .
I started plotting all sorts of points in space and then when I tried to put them on a map , discovered how many hurdles there were to getting the data . "
He now lives in San Francisco where he's also started a more directly money making business in the shape of CloudMade - a tiling service that hosts the OSM maps more reliably than the UCL servers for mobile phone apps and other enterprises to use .
In fact , if you go to the White House website , you 'll see an OSM map there , as provided by CloudMade .
The brilliant part about crowd sourcing mapping data is that , unlike Wikipedia articles , there 's less of a chance of bias .
There 's no opinion involved .
Either a road is there or it is n't .
The only issues have been over road naming in the disputed area of Northern Cyprus and the odd bit of accidental map graffiti .
So , what of the future of OSM ?
Where does Coast want this to go and exactly what 's in it for him as the founder of a not for profit organisation with 150,000 active users ?
" The plan is to overtake Tele Atlas and Navteq .
It 's coming for them and it'll hit them hard like it did for the guys at Encyclopedia Britannica when Wikipedia grew .
I want OSM to become the biggest mapping service in the world . "
Once positioned , such a company would doubtless sell for huge sums with so many location - based services , hardware manufacturers and end users involved .
It 's unlikely , that OSM will ever provide a Street View in the way that Google has with the need of so many millions of pictures to be taken on specialised cameras but Yahoo have already donated their satellite maps to help out and the third largest mapping service , behind NavTeq and TeleAtlas , AND , kindly gifted all of the Netherlands to the OSM in 2007 , anything 's possible .
Coasy does n't even rule out buying data , should it be the right deal .
The other area in which the service can move would be adding reviews to the map annotations .
Again , perhaps another company might save the OSM editors some legwork there too .
Whichever path it takes , it 's easy to see how OSM can become an incredibly powerful player in software and services and on the internet as a whole .
It 's hard to tell whether the growing community will snowball quite the same way as it did for Wikipedia but there 's certainly plenty of good reasons for Tele Atlas and Navteq to be looking over their shoulders .
Roll on the mapping revolution .
Writing by Dan Sung .
As contract negotiations with Brandon Dubinsky have hit a speed bump , the Rangers have signed 34 - year - old free agent forward Vinnie Prospal to a one - year , $ 1.1 million deal , The Post has learned .
Prospal , who became unrestricted when the Lightning bought him out of the final three seasons of the four - year , $ 14 million contract he had signed with Tampa Bay last summer , is most effective on the wing but also can play center .
The plan at the moment is to give Dubinsky the opportunity to claim the center position on the first line that will feature Marian Gaborik on the right and either Sean Avery or Christopher Higgins on the left .
But if Dubinsky cannot handle the assignment , Prospal , who is strong on the puck , probably would get the call .
Prospal , who played for head coach John Tortorella before and after the Lightning ’s 2004 Cup - winning season in which he was in Anaheim , recorded 45 points ( 19 - 26 ) last year .
The 12 - year NHL veteran scored 33 goals two years ago for the Lightning and Flyers and recording 80 points and 55 assists with Tampa Bay in 2005 - 06 .
Dubinsky , a Group II free agent , and the Rangers have been in contract talks for a number of weeks , but it now seems as if the parties are not going to reach an agreement on a multi - year contract .
Unless Dubinsky can attract an offer sheet on which the Blueshirts would have the right of first refusal , it appears as if he will play the season on his one - year qualifying offer of $ 698,500 .
Much to my surprise , the Fedora Emacs maintainers pushed Emacs 23 into the ( ostensibly stable ) Fedora 11 repository .
I was a bit afraid to upgrade , since Emacs really is the cornerstone of my entire workflow .
My desire for new features quickly overcame my fear , though .
The first thing you will notice is that Emacs is much prettier .
It now uses XFT to render , so you get antialiasing .
For normal work , I do n’t really care much , but this is why I used CVS Emacs last year for presentations : it makes a huge difference in situations where prettiness matters .
Unfortunately this seems to have negatively affected redisplay performance .
Another major feature I have been loving is support for multiple terminals .
I use this in two ways .
I run my Emacs on my main machine , of course .
This is the centerpiece of my desktop : I use it for hacking , for mail and news , and for irc .
Previously , if I used my laptop , I could n’t easily access all this state ; but now I can ssh to my main machine , run emacsclient -t , and have access to everything .
I ’ve also set EDITOR to emacsclient -t .
This means that when I run git commit in a shell , the commit message shows up in a new emacs frame on that terminal .
This is very convenient for “ quickie ” edits , because it means not having to switch my focus .
( If I had to pick a single reason that Emacs improves my productivity , this would be it : it makes it very easy to keep one ’s focus . )
Funnily , though , I do n’t actually run git commit in a shell very often any more , because the new vc - dir mode is good enough that I can do some common git operations without leaving Emacs .
If you tried VC in earlier versions of Emacs , then you probably remember it as a horrible joke — it worked fine for RCS , but was miserable at anything else .
vc-dir is something like a generalized pcl - cvs , so you can work on a whole directory tree at once ( and do so efficiently , unlike the old vc- dired ) .
vc-dir is still pretty new , and there are some necessary operations that are n’t exposed ( git push ) , but it is still a very nice step forward .
This release is definitely worth upgrading to .
I ’m writing this from an infuriating Park Slope coffee hole , and of course everyone here is some kind of art jerkoff .
I ’m writing this from an infuriating Park Slope coffee hole , and of course everyone here is some kind of art jerkoff .
So about five minutes ago , in some kind of squishy mating ritual , this one academic - type recognized another slightly more well - known counterpart and started shamelessly sucking the dude ’s balls publicly and loudly :
HumbleDouche :
So incredible to finally meet you !
You know just the other day ( I teach at Baruch ) one of my students brought up your work in conversation - he said he wanted to finish all over your neck !
ProudDouche : Ah yes , Undergrads :
So fecund ; so unfocused .
It ’s excruciating to watch , but kids , this is why you have to stay in school and get a job working for Philip Morris or something - otherwise you end up as a snivelling little cockrider , constantly hustling in coffee shops looking to praise unreadable squirts of literature just so that you might one day get a shot at having another living human read your own tripe .
This whole semenfest made me think of this recent “ keynote ” speech , in which researcher danah boyd ( who ’s so hip that she does n’t even capitalize her name ) stated that Myspace is now a digital ghetto whose users have left for Facebook in droves in a case of highly studyable electronic “ White Flight ” .
This theory derives primarily from Dr. Boyd ’s innate belief that Myspace is for niggers .
If you ’ve taken even a remedial sociology 101 class , you ’ll remember that instead of talking about interesting social shit , sociology spends all of its time trying to prove that it ’s actually a legitimate science :
Just like real science , we have experiments , evidence , samples , empirical data , and measurable results !
In reality though , most of sociology involves some pretty subjective shit , and the chance for a REAL experiment comes along once in a blue moon when the proper conditions arise ( e.g. 9/11 , Obama ’s election , etc. ) .
When it does , it ’s usually hijacked by psychologists or other academic groups , who are able to translate their work into making money instead of just using it to get freshmen lesbians into bed .
Thus , Sociologists have to take what they can get – so when one of them thinks of a brilliant theory before psychologists have milked it , they have put the rubber to the fucking road , and fast .
In this case , the author was probably sitting around in Boston getting high and dicking around on Facebook , when someone sent her a link to a Myspace page .
She probably checked it out and thought , Christ , remember Myspace ?
Look at it now – this shit is for niggers !
And of course she ’s right – Myspace IS for niggers , but the point she misses is that this has nothing to do with race .
Myspace is fucking LOUD and low rent and that ’s why civilized people left , period .
The thing she ’s REALLY missing is that this is a unique opportunity to study her and her retarded , politically correct , academic community .
Here ’s the real study :
Unlike real ghettos , people can leave Myspace anytime they want , with one click , and yet niggers choose not to .
Now that ’s a little more interesting , and possibly has an analogue in meatspace – something that may even be worth studying :
Perhaps it ’s not always the MAN keeping niggers “ down ” – for even when the price of assimilation and “ escape ” is reduced to a simple click , niggers still do n’t choose to change their lifestyle .
In danah boyd ’s defense however , if she said anything THAT true at a keynote speech in Lincoln Center , the PC Gestapo would remove her office and she ’d be shunned like Jim Goad , both of ’em sent to Siberia to study rubber dogshit flyin ’ outta Taiwan .
It ’s lifestyle , not race , stupid : I ’m outta there and so are my friends .
If Myspace is a ghetto suffering from White Flight , then call me Ward muthafuckin Cleaver .
Follow BN on Cock Twittler
[ Members of the James Younger Camp of the Sons of Confederate Veterans in 2006 . ]
Looking into the background of Rep. Joe Wilson , R- South Carolina , after his heckling of President Obama last night , I came across this :
Joe also has been a member of the Columbia World Affairs Council , Fellowship of Christian Athletes , Sinclair Lodge 154 , Jamil Temple , Woodmen of the World , Sons of Confederate Veterans , ....
This is an organization that , as the SPLC has detailed assiduously , has been taken over in the past decade by radical neo-Confederates who favor secession and defend slavery as a benign institution .
Leading the takeover is a radical racist named Kirk Lyons , who 's been an important legal figure on the far right for some years . *
[ More below ]
In more recent years , the takeover has led to an outright internal civil war .
Andrew Meacham at the St. Petersburg
Times detailed the internal rift last year :
Experts say the divisions within the Sons vary between two extremes .
On one side are the traditionalists , members who focus on cleaning up Confederate grave sites and conducting Civil War re-enactments .
On the other side are the so - called Lunatics , up to 2,000 members who deride traditionalists as " grannies ' ' and belong to camps named after notorious Southern figures such as John Wilkes Booth and Jesse James .
John Wilkes Booth members have been known to put pennies in urinals , making sure to leave the Lincoln side face - up .
Other Lunatic groups have removed the U.S. flag from their halls and banned the Pledge of Allegiance , says Walter Hilderman , who several years ago created an anti-Lunatic group called Save the Sons of Confederate Veterans .
" The problem is it 's supposed to be a patriotic organization , " says Hilderman , 59 .
" You are either that or you let guys in who want to secede . "
As Heidi Beirich at the SPLC reported , this rift has led to Lyons himself coming under harsh attack from his own right flank .
The SCV is a serious mess .
Now , add this to the fact that Joe Wilson , as a state legislator , was one of only seven Republicans to go against their own party and vote to keep the Dixie Rebel flag flying over the South Carolina capitol :
The flag came down that year after Republicans in both houses went for a compromise that would put it on Statehouse grounds at the Confederate Soldier ’s monument .
The “ Magnificent Seven ” of Senators who voted to keep the flag up included current Congressman Joe Wilson ( who I served with in the 218th Infantry Brigade of the National Guard . )
A clearer picture of why this congressman might so virulently breach protocol and loudly interrupt an African - American president 's speech to Congress by calling him a liar does start to emerge , does n't it ?
So inquiring minds want to know :
Is Joe Wilson still a member of the Sons of Confederate Veterans ?
If so , does he condone the activities of the " Lunatic " faction that now controls the SCV ?
Does Joe Wilson consider the Republican Party " the Party of Lincoln " ?
Does Joe Wilson support secession ?
Blue Texan at FDL has more .
* I encountered Lyons when I was covering the Freemen standoff near Jordan , Montana , in 1996 .
He actually played a key role in bringing an end to the 81 - day standoff , mainly because he had so much cred with with radical racists who were holed up at the Clark Ranch .
Here 's the relevant excerpt from In God 's Country : The Patriot Movement and the Pacific Northwest ( pp.257-58 ) :
Be a Champion for the Public Interest
Your action and your support makes the difference for the public when special interests push the other way .
When you make a contribution , you ’re right there with us protecting consumers , safeguarding public health , getting big money out of our democracy , and more .
Looking for other ways to give ?
Learn more about how else you can support our work .
Are you bored with social media , well look no further , Facecunt is an anti-social utility that connects you with cunts around the world .
​
There are all sorts of cunts in the world - good cunts , real cunts , funny cunts .
Original publication date
Important events
Epigraph
Dedication for Jessica , who loves stories ,
for Anne , who loved them too ,
and for Di , who heard this one first .
First words Mr. and Mrs. Dursley , of number four , Privet Drive , were proud to say that they were perfectly normal , thank you very much .
Quotations
The wand chooses the wizard , remember …I think we must expect great things from you , Mr. Potter … After all , He - Who - Must - Not - Be - Named did great things - terrible , yes , but great .
Last words
" They do n't know we 're not allowed to use magic at home .
I 'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer .
. . . " ( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice Initially published as Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone .
The change to ' Sorcerer ' is in the US title .
Please do not use the canonical title field to force one title over the other .
Publisher 's editors
Blurbers
Two years since its demise , the spectre of Microsoft 's animated paperclip , Clippy , still haunts anyone hoping to develop a virtual assistant to help people get things done .
Few have tried to push virtual assistants to the public since .
But Clippy 's unpopularity has n't deterred the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) from spending an estimated $ 150 million on its own virtual helper .
And although intended to ease the US military 's bureaucratic load , an artificially intelligent helper based on the project is heading the way of consumers later this year .
Begun in 2003 the CALO , for Cognitive Assistant that Learns and Organizes , project involved over 60 universities and research organisations and is the largest ever non-classified AI project .
It ends this Friday and has produced a virtual assistant that can sort , prioritise , and summarise email ; automatically schedule meetings ; and prepare briefing notes before them .
Quick learner
The biggest priority has been on making CALO capable of " learning in the wild , " says Raymond Perrault of SRI International , the independent Californian research organisation that led the project .
That focus could make the crucial difference between CALO being an annoyance like Clippy , and a genuinely useful helper .
Most software capable of learning needs large numbers of examples for something to stick – a spam filter trained on millions of emails , for example .
But CALO needs to be quicker on the uptake .
If it takes thousands of examples to learn how someone likes their email sorted , frustrated users will soon switch it off .
So the developers have built in tricks such as " transfer learning " , which applies lessons from one domain to another .
For example , if a person consistently marks emails from one person , perhaps their boss , as high - priority , CALO can use that knowledge to order their meeting schedule too .
Intelligent app A spin -off of DARPA 's project , an app called Siri , will be coming to Apple 's iPhone later this year .
Siri has been designed to assist with mundane tasks , such as checking online reviews to find a good local restaurant and booking a table .
Rather than having to personally trawl through multiple websites to find a likely eatery , get the contact details and address , and make a reservation , the user can verbally instruct Siri to , say , " find me a romantic Thai restaurant in this area " .
Siri uses navigates the various web services for the user , even booking restaurants and taxis through web forms where possible .
The person it is helping can also book cinema tickets , and search for flights or weather forecasts without typing a word .
The French club Le Havre have attacked Manchester United for signing Paul Pogba , accusing the Premier League champions of luring the 16 - year - old midfielder by offering his parents large amounts of money .
" Le Havre wishes to express its indignation regarding the dealings of Manchester United 's directors , " the club said , calling for tighter regulations over young players .
" This foolish act is even more unacceptable because it comes from a club with such stature .
At a time when numerous parties , including at European Union level ... are speaking out against the trading of minors , Manchester United does not hesitate to uproot a 16 - year - old . "
Pogba is one of the most highly rated young players in France and has captained the national team at under - 16 level .
From The Archives : Bush 's Conspiracy to Riot Editor ’s Note :
As the American Right celebrates its success in disrupting “ town hall ” meetings where congressional Democrats try to discuss health - care reform with constituents , the ugly precedent for these hooligan tactics is the Republican - organized riot in Miami that stopped a recount in Election 2000 .
What was extraordinary about the supposedly spontaneous riot on Nov. 22 , 2000 , was that it was -- we later learned -- organized and financed by George W. Bush ’s presidential campaign , which had flown in Republican operatives to pose as outraged local residents .
Some of that was reported at the time – though downplayed – but more details emerged in summer 2002 when the Internal Revenue Service forced the Bush campaign to disclose its recount expenditures .
After release of those IRS documents , we published the following story , which contrasted how the U.S. government reacted to the definitive evidence that Bush and other top Republicans had dispatched rioters across state lines to disrupt the democratic process in 2000 against what was done to alleged riot organizers at the 1968 Democratic convention in Chicago .
The big difference , of course , was that in 1968 the alleged riot organizers were anti-war radicals who faced prosecution , when in 2000 , the riot organizers went on to seize control of the U.S. government and thus escaped all punishment .
Having succeeded with the hooliganism in 2000 – and having paid no price – the Republicans and their right - wing allies appear to be following a similar script to block health - care reform now :
More than three decades apart , two political riots influenced the outcome of U.S. presidential elections .
Email
Printer friendly
In 1968 , protests at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago hurt Democrat Hubert Humphrey and helped Republican Richard Nixon eke out a victory .
On Nov. 22 , 2000 , the so - called “ Brooks Brothers Riot ” of Republican activists helped stop a vote recount in Miami -- and showed how far George W. Bush ’s supporters were ready to go to put their man in the White House .
But the government reaction to the two events was dramatically different .
The clashes between police and Vietnam War protesters in 1968 led the Nixon administration to charge seven anti-war radicals with “ conspiring to cross state lines with the intent to incite a riot . ”
The defendants , who became known as the Chicago Seven , were later acquitted of conspiracy charges , in part , because the protests were loosely organized and because solid documentary evidence was lacking .
After the Miami “ Brooks Brothers Riot ” – named after the protesters ’ preppie clothing – no government action was taken beyond the police rescuing several Democrats who were surrounded and roughed up by the rioters .
While no legal charges were filed against the Republicans , newly released documents show that at least a half dozen of the publicly identified rioters were paid by Bush ’s recount committee .
The payments to the Republican activists are documented in hundreds of pages of Bush committee records – released grudgingly to the Internal Revenue Service in July 2002 , 19 months after the 36 - day recount battle ended .
Overall , the records provide a road map of how the Bush recount team brought its operatives across state lines to stop then - Vice President Al Gore ’s recount efforts .
The records show that the Bush committee spent a total of $ 13.8 million to frustrate the recount of Florida ’s votes and secure the state 's crucial electoral votes for Bush .
By contrast , the Gore recount operation spent $ 3.2 million , about one quarter of the Bush total .
Bush spent more just on lawyers – $ 4.4 million – than Gore did on his entire effort .
Extended Deadline
The new evidence was submitted by the Bush recount committee to the IRS under an extended deadline for disclosures of soft - money spending by so - called “ 527 committees , ” which are not directly related to a candidate ’s campaign .
Bush lawyers had argued that they were not obligated legally to disclose how they had raised and spent their money .
The Bush committee finally reversed itself and filed the records on July 15 , 2002 .
The records were released to the public on the IRS Web site in late July .
Gore 's committee submitted its records in line with the original IRS deadlines .
The documents show that the Bush organization put on the payroll about 250 staffers , spent about $ 1.2 million to fly operatives to Florida and elsewhere , and paid for hotel bills adding up to about $ 1 million .
To add flexibility to the travel arrangements , a fleet of corporate jets was assembled , including planes owned by Enron Corp. , then run by Bush backer Kenneth Lay , and Halliburton Co. , where Dick Cheney had served as chairman and chief executive officer .
Only a handful of the Brooks Brothers rioters were publicly identified , some through photographs published in the Washington Post .
Jake Tapper ’s book on the recount battle , Down and Dirty , provides a list of 12 Republican operatives who took part in the Miami riot .
Half of those individuals received payments from the Bush recount committee , according to the IRS records .
The Miami protesters who were paid by Bush recount committee were : Matt Schlapp , a Bush staffer who was based in Austin and received $ 4,276.09 ; Thomas Pyle , a staff aide to House Majority Whip Tom DeLay , $ 456 ; Michael Murphy , a DeLay fund - raiser , $ 935.12 ; Garry Malphrus , House majority chief counsel to the House Judiciary subcommittee on criminal justice , $ 330 ; Charles Royal , a legislative aide to Rep. Jim DeMint , R - South Carolina , $ 391.80 ; and Kevin Smith , a former GOP House staffer , $ 373.23 .
In 2002 , three of the Miami protesters were members of Bush ’s White House staff , the Miami Herald reported .
They included Schlapp , who was a special assistant to the President ; Malphrus , who was deputy director of the President ’s Domestic Policy Council ; and Joel Kaplan , another special assistant to the President .
[ See Miami Herald , July 14 , 2002 ]
The Bush committee records show , too , that Bush ’s operation paid for the hotel where the Republican protesters celebrated after the Miami riot at a Thanksgiving Day party .
At the party , the activists received thank - you phone calls from Bush and Cheney , and were serenaded by crooner Wayne Newton , singing “ Danke Schoen , ” German for thank - you very much .
[ Wall Street Journal , Nov. 27 , 2000 ; Consortiumnews.com ’s “ W’s Triumph of the Will . " ]
The IRS records show that the Bush recount committee paid $ 35,501.52 to the Hyatt Regency Pier 66 in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , where the party was held .
A number of miscellaneous expenses , reported by the Bush recount committee , also appear to have gone for party items , such as lighting , sound systems and even costumes .
Garrett Sound and Lighting in Fort Lauderdale was paid $ 5,902 ; Beach Sound Inc. in North Miami was paid $ 3,500 ; and the House of Masquerades , a costume shop in Miami , had three payments totaling $ 640.92 , according to the Bush records .
Across State Lines
The Brooks Brothers Riot – carried live on CNN and other networks – marked a turning point in the recount battle .
At the time , Bush clung to a lead that had dwindled to several hundred votes and Gore was pressing for recounts .
The riot in Miami and the prospects of spreading violence were among the arguments later cited by defenders of the 5 - to - 4 U.S. Supreme Court ruling on Dec. 12 , 2000 , that stopped a statewide Florida recount and handed Bush the presidency .
Backed by the $ 13.8 million war chest , the Bush operation made clear in Miami and in other protests that it was ready to kick up plenty of political dust if it did n’t get its way .
A later unofficial recount by news organizations found that if all legally cast ballots in Florida had been counted – regardless of which kinds of chads were accepted , whether punched - through , hanging or dimpled – Gore would have won Florida and thus the presidency .
Gore also won the national popular vote , defeating Bush by more than a half million votes , making Bush the first popular - vote loser in more than a century to be installed in the White House .
[ Consortiumnews.com 's " So Bush Did Steal the White House " ]
The evidence also is clear that the Bush campaign organized the transportation of Republican activists across state lines into Florida .
As early as mid-November , the Bush campaign called on activists to rush to Florida and promised to pay their expenses .
“ We now need to send reinforcements , ” the Bush campaign said in an appeal to Republicans on Nov. 18 , 2000 .
“ The campaign will pay airfare and hotel expenses for people willing to go . ”
[ See Tapper ’s Down and Dirty . ]
These reinforcements – many of them Republican staffers from Capitol Hill – added an angrier tone to the dueling street protests already underway between supporters of Bush and Gore .
The new wave of Republican activists injected “ venom and volatility into an already edgy situation , ” wrote Tapper .
“ This is the new Republican Party , sir ! ” Brad Blakeman , Bush ’s campaign director of advance travel logistics , bellowed into a bullhorn to disrupt a CNN correspondent interviewing a Democratic congressman .
“ We ’re not going to take it anymore ! ” Around the country , the conservative media apparatus , led by talk show host Rush Limbaugh and pro-Bush pundits , rallied the faithful with charges that a hand recount was fraudulent and amounted to " inventing " votes .
Bush himself did nothing to temper the inflammatory rhetoric .
Nor did he urge his supporters to respect the legally sanctioned vote counting .
Instead , Bush 's recount representative , James Baker , and Bush himself denounced the Florida Supreme Court , which had ordered that recount results be included in the official vote tallies .
Bush accused the court of abusing its powers in a bid to " usurp " the authority of the legislature .
The Battle of Miami On Nov. 22 , 2000 , after learning that the Miami canvassing board was starting an examination of 10,750 disputed ballots that had previously not been counted , Rep. John Sweeney , a New York Republican , called on Republican troops to “ shut it down , ” according to Down and Dirty .
Brendan Quinn , executive director of the New York GOP , told about two dozen Republican operatives to storm the room on the 19th floor where the canvassing board was meeting , Tapper reported .
“ Emotional and angry , they immediately make their way outside the larger room in which the tabulating room is contained , ” Tapper wrote .
“ The mass of ‘ angry voters ’ on the 19th floor swells to maybe 80 people , ” including many of the Republican activists from outside Florida .
News cameras captured the chaotic scene outside the canvassing board 's offices .
The protesters shouted slogans and banged on the doors and walls .
The unruly protest prevented official observers and members of the press from reaching the room .
Miami - Dade county spokesman Mayco Villafana was pushed and shoved .
Security officials feared the confrontation was spinning out of control .
The canvassing board suddenly reversed its decision and canceled the recount .
“ Until the demonstration stops , nobody can do anything , ” said David Leahy , Miami ’s supervisor of elections , although the canvassing board members would later insist that they were not intimidated into stopping the recount .
[ Down and Dirty ]
A Sample Ballot
While the siege of the canvassing board office was underway , county Democratic chairman Joe Geller stopped at another office seeking a sample ballot .
He wanted to demonstrate his theory that some voters had intended to vote for Gore but instead marked an adjoining number that represented no candidate .
As Geller took the ballot marked “ sample , ” one of the Republican activists began shouting , “ This guy ’s got a ballot ! ”
In Down and Dirty , Tapper writes : “ The masses swarm around him , yelling , getting in his face , pushing him , grabbing him .
‘ Arrest him !’ they cry .
‘ Arrest him !’
With the help of a diminutive DNC aide , Luis Rosero , and the political director of the Miami Gore campaign , Joe Fraga , Geller manages to wrench himself into the elevator .
“ Rosero , who stays back to talk to the press , gets kicked , punched .
A woman pushes him into a much larger guy , seemingly trying to instigate a fight .
In the lobby of the building , a group of 50 or so Republicans are crushed around Geller , surrounding him . …
“ The cops escort Geller back to the 19th floor , so the elections officials can see what ’s going on , investigate the charges .
Of course , it turns out that all Geller had was a sample ballot .
The crowd is pulling at the cops , pulling at Geller .
It ’s insanity !
Some even get in the face of 73 - year - old Rep. Carrie Meek .
Democratic operatives decide to pull out of the area altogether . ”
[ Tapper ’s Down and Dirty ]
Despite the use of intimidation to influence actions by election officials , Bush and his top aides remained publicly silent about these disruptive tactics .
The Washington Post reported that " even as the Bush campaign and the Republicans portray themselves as above the fray , " national Republicans actually had joined in and helped finance the raucous protests . ”
[ Washington Post , Nov. 27 , 2000 ]
The Wall Street Journal added more details , including the fact that Bush offered personal words of encouragement to the rioters in a conference call to a Bush campaign - sponsored celebration on the night of Thanksgiving Day , one day after the canvassing board assault .
" The night 's highlight was a conference call from Mr. Bush and running mate Dick Cheney , which included joking reference by both running mates to the incident in Miami , two [ Republican ] staffers in attendance say , " according to the Journal .
[ Nov. 27 , 2000 ]
The Journal also reported that the assault on the canvassing board was led by national Republican operatives " on all expense - paid trips , courtesy of the Bush campaign . "
After their success in Dade , the rioters moved on to Broward , where the protests remained unruly but failed to stop that count .
The Journal noted that " behind the rowdy rallies in South Florida this past weekend was a well - organized effort by Republican operatives to entice supporters to South Florida , " with DeLay 's Capitol Hill office taking charge of the recruitment .
About 200 Republican congressional staffers signed on , the Journal reported .
They were put up at hotels , given $ 30 a day for food and " an invitation to an exclusive Thanksgiving Day party in Fort Lauderdale , " the article said .
Upper Hand
The Journal said there was no evidence of a similar Democratic strategy to fly in national party operatives .
" This has allowed the Republicans to quickly gain the upper hand , protest - wise , " the Journal said .
The Bush campaign also worked to conceal its hand .
" Staffers who joined the effort say there has been an air of mystery to the operation .
' To tell you the truth , nobody knows who is calling the shots , ' says one aide .
Many nights , often very late , a memo is slipped underneath the hotel - room doors outlining coming events , " the Journal reported .
On Nov. 25 , 2000 , the Bush campaign issued “ talking points ” to justify the Miami protest , calling it “ fitting , proper ” and blaming the canvassing board for the disruptions .
“ The board made a series of bad decisions and the reaction to it was inevitable and well justified , ” the Bush campaign said .
[ Down and Dirty ] Still , other recounts in Broward County whittled down Bush 's lead .
Gore was gaining slowly in Palm Beach 's recount , despite constant challenges from Republican observers .
To boost Bush 's margin back up , Republican Secretary of State Harris allowed Nassau County to throw out its recounted figures that had helped Gore .
Then , excluding a partial recount in Palm Beach and with Miami shut down , Harris certified Bush the winner by 537 votes .
Bush partisans cheered their victory and began demanding that Bush be called the president - elect .
Soon afterwards , Bush appeared on national television to announce himself the winner and to call on Gore to concede defeat .
" Now , " Bush said , " we must live up to our principles .
We must show our commitment to the common good , which is bigger than any person or any party . "
Changed Course
To many
Gore supporters , the aborted recount in Miami changed the course of the Florida events , preventing Gore from narrowing Bush ’s small lead or possibly edging ahead .
The Brooks Brothers Riot also represented an escalation of tactics , demonstrating the potential for spiraling political violence if the recount battle dragged on .
The Republicans were putting down a marker that they were prepared to do what was necessary to win , regardless of what the voters had wanted .
After the Florida Supreme Court ordered a statewide recount to determine who won the state and thus the presidency , Bush sent his lawyers to the U.S. Supreme Court where five Republican justices decided on Dec. 9 , 2000 , to stop the counting of votes .
Then , on Dec. 12 , the same five Republicans blocked a resumption .
The disruptions in November had played out the clock so a slim majority on the U.S. Supreme Court could effectively award the White House to Bush .
Unlike the Chicago Seven case three decades earlier , no one faced charges for disrupting the Miami recount .
In the Chicago Seven case , the jury acquitted all defendants of conspiracy charges , though finding five defendants – David Dellinger , Tom Hayden , Rennie Davis , Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin – individually guilty of inciting a riot , charges that later were reversed on appeal .
Separate government investigations also faulted the Chicago police for using excessive violence to quell the 1968 protests .
Ironically , the kind of documentary evidence that might have proved valuable in tying up the loose ends of the Chicago Seven conspiracy is present in the filings that the Bush recount committee made to the IRS .
The evidence is clear that the Bush committee organized the movement of protesters across state lines , paid for their lodging , moved them into a position for the riot , and then defended their actions .
After the incident , Bush personally thanked some of the participants at a celebration paid for by Bush ’s organization .
Since taking office , Bush has further rewarded some of the participants with high - level government jobs .
But the biggest reason for the very different government reactions to the Chicago Seven case and the Brooks Brothers Riot is obvious : the ultimate beneficiary of the Miami riot became President of the United States .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Federated ID
Federated ID , also called Federated Identity Management ( FIM ) , allows a Service Provider ( SP ) to offer a service without implementing its own authentication system , and to instead trust another entity — an Identity Provider ( IdP ) — to provide authenticated users to them .
If that seems confusing , imagine two companies : IdentiCorp and ServiceInc .
ServiceInc has great services , but they do n’t like the idea of managing passwords for users .
IdentiCorp , on the other hand , provides username and password management as their main business .
Technology
So these two companies come to an agreement — ServiceInc will allow people to log in to their websites using IdentiCorp credentials .
This means when someone visits ServiceInc ’s website and they have n’t yet authenticated to the site , they are redirected to IdentiCorp where they enter their IdentiCorp credentials .
Once they authenticate , IdentiCorp then redirects the user back to ServiceInc , and tells ServiceInc in a cryptographicall secure way that , “ this user is o.k. , according to me . ”
ServiceInc trusts IdentiCorp , so the user is able to do what they need to do within ServiceInc .
The technology used to implement this functionality is XML - based , with two options being presented to implementers .
SAML is backed by OASIS , and Micorosoft and IBM have partnered to push the WS - Security alternative .
SAML seems to be the most popular right now , with the Liberty Alliance adopting the SAML 1.1 standard , but hopes in the industry are that SAML 2.0 will include the best of both SAML 1.1 and the latest WS - Security features .
OpenID
Rather than being something completely separate , OpenID is just one type of Federated Identity system .
OpenID is focused more on the consumer market , whereas FID - proper is focused on the enterprise–but the concept is the same .
It offers the ability for users to log into one website ( Facebook , for example ) using credentials from another website , such as Google ( who is now an OpenID identity provider ) .
How It Works
You give the website you want to use your OpenID
It goes to that location to see where you need to authenticate
It sends you to that location ( your OpenID provider )
You authenticate there Your OpenID Identity Provider tells the website you want to use that you ’re ok ( but without giving it your password )
You are now able to use the website without having to give it any password
This sounds complex , but it all happens in a flash–just as if you were logging into the site itself .
The difference is , you never had to remember or enter a separate password .
Keep in mind : this technology is not just theoretical ; it ’s already being used on many prominent sites today , with many more being added constantly .
You can , for example , link your Facebook account ( a service ) to your Google account ( an identity provider ) and log into Facebook automatically if you are already signed in to Google .
That kind of integration is taking place all over the web .
Here are a few of the main benefits of OpenID :
Reduce the number of usernames and passwords you need to remember .
Remember your OpenID to get into all OpenID - supporting sites rather than having individual passwords for each .
Leverage information in your OpenID profile while signing up on new websites so that you do n’t have to enter in the same information over and over for each new place .
With OpenID you do n’t have to worry about your password being compromised at a given website , OpenID - based sites do n’t actually store your OpenID password at all .
OAuth
Many confuse OpenID and OAuth , but although they can be used together they are actually quite distinct from each other .
While OpenID ’s main purpose is to reduce the number of identities people need to maintain online , OAuth ’s main goal is to eliminate the need to give website A your username and password for website B , and determines what website B can get from A once it ’s been allowed access .
To simplify for the infosec geeks , OpenID is about authentication , and OAuth is about authorization .
The sharing scenario comes up quite often within social networking services , which often benefit from leveraging each other .
Want to see if your Twitter friends are on Facebook ?
Or maybe you want a certain website to run stats on your Twitter ranking ?
In the past you had to give away your Twitter username and password to do this , which is a horrible idea .
This is bad because a ) that password could be compromised ( you do n’t use it anywhere else do you ? ) , and b ) it offers no granularity in what can be done with that password .
OAuth solves this by :
Allowing functionality to be shared between websites without passing your password between them , and Giving only limited access to features between websites , so it ’s not “ all or nothing ”
This way you can give a social site like Facebook access to your images on an Image site like Flickr without giving Facebook your actual Flickr credentials .
The diagram below shows how Google ’s description of the OpenID process , including the sending and receiving of OAuth tokens .
The key there is that the OAuth piece was optional since it ’s a separate authorization component added on top of the OpenID authentication protocol .
Summary
So that ’s a short overview of Federated Identity , OpenID , and OAuth .
If you remember anything , remember that :
Federated Identity is where one entity trusts another entity with user management .
OpenID is one type of Federated Identity , where major websites are now allowing you to log into them using OpenID credentials rather than individual usernames and passwords for each specific site .
OAuth allows you to share information and content between sites without sharing your password and while limiting what all can be accessed from one to another .
I hope this has been informative , and feel free to contact me ( either directly or in the comments ) with any comments , corrections , or questions . ::
Links
[ OpenID | wikipedia.org ]
[ OAuth | wikipedia.org ]
[ List of OpenID Providers | wikipedia.org ]
Assassin ’s Creed fans get ready !
Soon you ’ll be able to take your favorite covert assassins game with you on your PSP .
As we announced at Destination PlayStation earlier this year , Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines will be available in a new Limited Edition PSP Entertainment Pack .
Available at retail locations in November for $ 199.99 ( MSRP ) , this Entertainment Pack will include :
White PSP - 3000 system
Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines PSP game
UMD Movie ( to be announced shortly ! )
2GB Memory Stick PRO
Duo
We know you ’ve been anxiously awaiting the arrival of this exclusive PSP title .
As a treat , we ’ve included a new trailer , so check it out below .
And if the trailer was n’t enough to get you pumped for the game , make sure to check out the Q&A below .
Frederic Lefrancois , a producer on Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines , answers the questions you ’ve all been asking .
Could you introduce yourself and explain your role in the project ?
My name is Frederic Lefrancois and I ’m 3rd Party Producer on Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines .
My role on this project is to ensure that this game releases on time for the Holiday at the highest level of quality .
I ’m working hand in hand with the “ Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines ” developer and Assassin ’s Creed Core Team at Ubisoft Montreal to develop a great game that will respect all of AC brand pillars .
Who is in charge of the development ?
The game is developed by the Griptonite Studio under the supervision of Ubisoft Montreal ’s Assassin ’s Creed Core Team .
How is Assassin ’s Creed PSP linked to the Assassin ’s Creed universe ?
“ Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines ” follows Altair ’s story right after the events of Assassin ’s Creed as he hunts down the ascending Templars in Cyprus .
It ’s the only game that explains the link between Assassin ’s Creed and Assassin ’s Creed 2 .
If you want to understand how Ezio is born and where the Codex comes from , you need this game .
What is the storyline of the game ?
Can you give us a quick synopsis ?
Assassin ’s Creed PSP picks up right where Assassin ’s Creed ended .
After the death of Robert De Sable by Altair ’s blade , the Templars , led by Armand Bouchart , fled the Holy Land to settle on the island of Cyprus .
Following their tracks ,
Altair has the firm intention to put an end to their quest for power .
Altair will help the local resistance fight the Templar ’s ’ occupation and get rid of the Templar commanders .
How did Altair evolve as a character from the first Assassin ’s Creed to the PSP game ?
With most of his preconceptions shattered and cast among the blood of slain Templars , Altair enters the events of “ Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines ” with an open mind .
No longer bound by Al Mualim ’s leadership , he forges his own path and destiny .
He has become more curious , more inquisitive and far less trusting .
What main gameplay feature can we expect in “ Assassin ’s Creed : Bloodlines ” ?
Will the player get to investigate before every assassination mission ?
You can expect to enjoy the core gameplay of the original Assassin ’s Creed including the signature free - running and the intuitive combat system .
Before killing his targets , Altair will get to complete a variety of missions , not always investigations .
There are 8 new mission types and we wanted each mission to feel as fresh and exciting as the final Assassination moment .
How is the open - world and free running that are key elements of the Assassins Creed brand presented in the PSP game ?
As it was the case in Assassin ’s Creed , Altair will get to explore various large cities .
This time around Altair will discover the cities of Limasol and Kyrenia in Cyprus , a beautiful and historically very interesting island in the Mediterranean Sea .
Once again , you can expect Altair to master his environment while performing all of his signature moves .
In fact , Altair will free - run , sprint , fly between beams and climb everywhere to take advantage of its surroundings .
This is a huge benchmark technology wise as this kind of freedom of movement has never been seen before on the PSP .
Why did you choose Cyprus as the setting for the PSP game ?
In the summer of AD 1191 , the Templar order withdrew from the Holy Land to the island of Cyprus which they had previously bought from Richard the Lionheart .
They occupied the island and oppressed the locals who rose up in rebellion only to end up being crushed by the Templars .
We chose this setting because it ’s an intriguing historical period surrounded by conspiracy of the Templar Treasures left on the Island .
The oppression of the people of Cyprus is the perfect backdrop to continue Altair ’s story and explain some of the key elements of Assassin ’s Creed 2 .
Will you use the PS3 / PSP connectivity function ?
Pete Markey , who helped conduct the research for insurance firm More Than , said : '' This experiment has provided great insight into exactly what it is about their animals people love , both in terms of looks and personality , and it goes to show what a pet - obsessed nation we are . ''
By Aleem Maqbool
BBC News , Gojra , Pakistan
The Hameed family has been left traumatised after the attack
On a street in the small Punjabi town of Gojra , house after house stands gutted and looted .
One home in particular is the focus of attention .
The windows and doors are gone , what is left of the furniture lies gnarled inside , and some of the ceilings have collapsed .
People are peering into a small bedroom at the back of the building .
It is from here that the charred bodies of six members of the Hameed family , from Pakistan 's minority Christian community , were recovered .
The youngest of the dead was four - year - old Mousa .
We found his father , Almass Hameed , 49 , in a crowded hospital ward nearby .
' Shocked and crying ' " He was such a bright boy .
His teachers complained that he was cheeky at times , but nobody could doubt how clever he was .
But now he 's gone , " Mr Hameed said , breaking down .
It was like the most horrific movie .
They destroyed our lives
Almass Hameed
He described how an angry Muslim mob came through the area , known here as the Christian Colony .
" I think there were thousands , " he said .
" My elderly father went out to see what was happening and they shot and killed him .
We were all shocked and crying .
Before we knew it , they were breaking into the house . "
Mr Hameed explained how he and nine other members of the family hid in the bedroom as the house was over - run .
" We could hear them smashing everything and dividing our belongings amongst themselves , " he said .
" Then they started beating on the door saying they would teach us a lesson and burn us alive . "
Soon after , a fire was raging through his house .
" We just could n't breathe , " he said .
" I grabbed my eldest son and managed to get out of the room through the flames , my brother came out with one of my daughters , but the rest were stuck and we had no way of rescuing them . "
As well as his father and Mousa , Mr Hameed lost his 11 year - old daughter , his wife , a brother , a sister - in - law and her mother .
" It was like the most horrific movie .
They destroyed our lives . "
' Fired shots '
Tensions had risen after allegations that Christians in the nearby village of Korrian had torn up and burnt pages of the Koran at a wedding a few days earlier .
Six members of the Hameed family perished in the inferno " They started it , " 19 - year - old Omar Ali Raza said in Gojra 's marketplace .
" We Muslims are the victims .
We gathered to protest about what they did to the Koran in Korrian and just wanted to walk through their area , but they threw stones at us and fired shots . "
" Of course it is bad that Christians died , " he added .
" But they provoked the Muslims here .
I do n't understand why everyone is on their side . "
But an elderly Muslim man passing by interrupts .
" The responsibility is with the one who actually burns the Koran , not all Christians , " he said .
" Here , we live together , and there were no problems before this . "
As it happens , a local police chief , Ahmed Javaid , said he believed the claim that Christians desecrated the Koran was not true in the first place .
" Yes , pieces of paper had been cut up to look like money at a Christian wedding , but they were not pages of the Koran , " he said .
" However , the rumour spread and the issue became politicised . "
Christians in Lahore responded to the attacks by holding a rally Very soon after the allegations from Korrian surfaced , politicians from several parties held large rallies denouncing Christians in the area , calling for action .
These were not just politicians from expressly right - wing Islamist parties .
PML - N leaders have visited Gojra in recent days , expressing solidarity with minority communities .
But Christians here say they are sceptical .
They accuse the party and others of having previously taken advantage of anti-Christian feelings rather than helping to calm things down .
' Rare ' violence Senator Pervaiz Rashid , at the headquarters of the Nawaz party , told me it was very serious in its commitment to minority rights .
" We acknowledge there were problems in Gojra , and it is an embarrassment , " he said .
" However , it was an isolated incident and the local president , Qadeer Awan , has now had his party membership suspended . "
" I do not believe that there are any other local politicians in our party involved in such activities . "
Violence of this scale against Pakistan 's estimated three million strong Christian community may be rare ( this is the worst such incident in seven years ) , but complaints of discrimination are certainly commonplace .
The family is now recovering from its terrifying ordeal
The government says it has opened an inquiry into what happened in Gojra , but Asma Jahangir , the chairperson of the Human Rights Commission , is not expecting the type of change she thinks is needed .
" For too long the Pakistani state has protected people with extremist views , " she said .
" It is not just political parties .
There are radicalised individuals , and supporters of militant groups within the judiciary , the education system , the bureaucracy and police as well . "
This was not the vision of Pakistan held by its founder , Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
" Minorities , to whichever community they may belong , will be safeguarded .
Their religion or faith or beliefs will be secure , " he said just weeks before Pakistan 's creation in 1947 .
" They will be , in all respects , the citizens of Pakistan without any distinction of caste or creed . "
But as Pakistan prepares to mark its independence day , many of its citizens do not see any cause for celebration .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
- by NOAH - Rep .
Ann Kirkpatrick ( Blue Dog - AZ ) after she left her own town hall meeting Calm , reasoned , intelligent discourse has now become roadkill in our country and right wing mobs have now targeted free speech itself through tactics of screaming , intimidation and escalating the threat of violence .
During last year ’s presidential campaign , there was a paradigm shift in our national reason when , Republicans , realizing that their candidates , a cranky old coot and a dingbat former beauty queen , were probably going to lose to , not just a Democrat but , horror of horrors , a black man .
It was unfathomable to repugs who had had things go their way for so long and gotten away with so much , including the theft of two elections , that they would be living in a universe where they not only would n’t have control over both Houses of Congress but the White House itself .
On top of that , too , in their small minds , to see a black man in the White House who was n’t just watering the plants , was more than they could bear .
During the campaign , we started to hear people screaming out “ Terrorist ! ” and “ Kill him ! ”
Many in the media tried to paint such people as a tiny minority or fringe of the Republican Party as if to apologize for them or at least turn the spotlight elsewhere in shame .
However , it was obvious to any one with a clear head that , since no Republicans were objecting to this thuggish behavior , they were in agreement and fine with letting such unacceptable sentiments speak for them .
The only question now is :
Where does it all end ?
This is not the first time during my lifetime and in my memory that things have gone off the rails in America , but it is the most massively intense .
Part of the reason is technological ; the speed of communication enabled by the internet and cell phones , plus the 24 hour “ news ” coverage on cable TV .
Just as information can be spread instantly , so can propaganda and mis-information .
In other times , news was something that appeared on TV for an hour each evening , and , except for an additional hour or two of news feature programming during the rest of the week , that was it .
There were no hours of prime time given over to shifty patent medicine salesmen , religious hucksters , or an endless circus of street hustler car wrecks and Marvel Comic Book style crazies like Sean Hannity or Glenn Beck who in another day would be doing their crying and beating their heads in a padded room far out of contact with the public .
Instead of giving them a shot of the happy stuff , we give them a microphone and the biggest loudspeaker in the world .
Believe it or not , there was a time when Ann Coulter would have just been regarded as a crank with severe hostility and mental problems manifested by some sort of “ I just ca n ’t shut up .
I just have to yell out the damndest things ” version of tourrette ’s syndrome .
In today ’s world , these people make gazillions ; paid by media conglomerates and corporate sponsors to set the tone for our society .
The right wing in this country has always had trouble “ working within the system . ”
If it ca n’t win the hearts and minds of the majority , it has always sought extra-legal means to arrive at the simple , easy to understand “ order ” that they strive for .
Unable to persuade through logic and the exchange of ideas in civil discourse , the right wing mindset is given to the violent tantrums of an unsophisticated child .
When they lack the ability to grasp reality , they long to become like that kid inthat can just will people to disappear if he does n’t like what they are thinking .
Being adults , offers a broader selection of potential mayhem .
I am old enough to remember that when JFK , a president who the right considered a dangerous communist sympathizer , was murdered in the streets of Dallas , the newspapers had been running advertising designed to look like wanted posters that showed a picture of JFK with the words “ Wanted For Treason . ”
I remember George Wallace screaming “ Segregation now .
Segregation forever ” in the doorway of a university .
I remember a twisted little caféteria owner in Georgia named Lester Maddox who refused to serve African - Americans at his restaurant .
He ended up as Governor .
I remember Strom Thurmond .
I remember so much hate fomented by politicians that it made some citizens feel it was permissible to blow up little girls in a church in Birmingham on a Sunday morning , or murder some “ community organizers ” of their day and bury their bodies in an earthen dam , or shoot Medger Evers as he returned home one night .
Then , there was Martin Luther King .
And then RFK .
At every turn , we heard that people who wanted a better America were " socialists " or " communists . "
It was the same in the early 1930s when FDR was pushing Social Security .
A cabal of bankers even tried to overthrow his administration and put a general in charge of the government .
Fortunately , the general thought better of it and blew the whistle .
One of the bankers was named Prescott Bush .
It was the same in the mid-1960s when LBJ pushed through “ socialist ” legislation like Medicare and laws guaranteeing Civil Rights and voting rights for all , even the… you know , those .
Hell , with the righties , even FLOURIDE was a communist plot .
More recently , it was Newt Gingrich pompously talking about bringing down big government and how we ought to just blow it all up .
Next thing we knew , there was Timothy McVeigh .
Even after that , Newt tried to impeach his way to the top by conniving to rid Washington of Bill Clinton and Al Gore .
It seems that the righties in this country just ca n’t accept the concept of democracy .
Last year , there was an election .
They .
Their policies , which we will be trying to recover from for a very long time , were repudiated .
But , the righties haveaccepted democracy .
There is always a huge component of class warfare and racism at the base of their “ thinking . ”
Lincoln ( a Republican back when Republicans were progressives and very different than today ’s Repugs ) took away their slaves .
Lincoln deliveredsome just did n’t want to believe in .
We know what happened to him .
The Kennedys and MLK sought equality through legislation and consensus .
The way the right deals with things is the way of the gun or some other form of violence .
If there has been a political assassination to be had in our history , it has been done to carry out some twisted righty agenda .
Ironically , even the shooting of George Wallace just meant that Richard Nixon would get more votes once he was removed from the scene .
I ’ll leave the conspiracies for another day , but any cop will tell you that if you want to solve a crime , the first people you look at are those who benefited from that crime .
The people who are disrupting these town hall meetings are often outsiders to the area .
Some are just buying into Hate Radio propaganda .
Some are paid for and bussed in by lobbying groups like Dick Armey ’s Freedom Works and Rick Scott ’s Conservatives For Patient ’s Rights .
Who is Rick Scott ?
He is the former head of a hospital chain .
The reason he is a former head is that he was forced out during a fraud investigation .
They pleaded guilty to over - billing state and federal health plans .
And racked up $ 1.7 in fines !
Oh and he was also involved in some swift boat group that did something in the 2004 election , has Rove and Bush connections , etc. , etc .
Swell guy .
Now ask yourself who isthose who are organizing the town hall disruptions ?
Who is whipping up the frenzy ?
Who is it that does n’t care who gets hurt or killed as long as the status quo of the corporate bottom line is maintained ?
Follow the money .
By now , you can see what I fear .
It is a fear based on past history .
It has been a worry of mine since the election campaign .
The losers grow more rabid by the day , egged on by a tsunami of outright lies .
They do n’t want “ government run health care ” even if they do n’t know what it is .
They are low information voters who absorb lies like the best sponge in the world .
In Texas last week , Rep. Gene Green ( D - TX ) asked his audience if they “ oppose any form of socialized or government run health care . ”
Like good little robots , virtually everyone in the room said they did .
Next , Rep .
Green asked the audience how many of them were on Medicare .
Nearly half of the audience raised their hands .
I wonder if they saw a contradiction in their stance .
I also wonder if it would have mattered if they did .
These are just angry medieval mobs yelling “ witches ” and “ burn them ! ”
Lies and slogans are being spoonfed to low information voters who seek authority , answers , and even solutions to problems they do n’t really have .
They seek in all the wrong places , such as can be found on Hate Radio , CNN , and FOX .
They hover around the words of the certifiable , absorbing them as if they were plausible kernels of truth .
They tune in Rush and Lou , and Bill - 0 , and Sean , and Glenn and Malkin and so many others like campers gathered around a campfire to hear ghost stories about non-existent threats from some other dimension or universe , which just may be the one their cold blooded reptilian minds happen to occupy .
They hear the voices .
They receive the messages .
They confuse violence with dissent .
They grab on to lies to explain their reality .
Conflating violence with dissent is what , with few exceptions , separates how the right engages in political protest and how the left engages in political protest .
So , here we are .
We are in a period where people who strangely call themselves teabaggers protest that President Obama is going to raise their taxes when he has already lowered them .
For Republicans , every day is opposite day .
It ’s a case of “ Do n’t confuse me with FACTS !
I just hate that guy .
I want him to fail .
I want him GONE . ”
The idea that if Obama does fail ; our whole economy and country fails does n’t matter to such people .is not their priority .
They are in a state of hysteria .
Obama ’s an “ arab . ”
He “ associates with terrorists . ”
He “ does n’t have a birth certificate . ”
He ’s illegitimate .
He was born in Kenya ( and you know what that means ) .
We ’re in a period where irrational sheep bleat on about how Obama wants to euthanize granny , or “ grampa ” as famed white supremacist Pat Buchanan bellows , or create “ Government Death Panels , ” like Caribou Barbie claims .
We are in a period of a mass hysteria where old ladies turn down the voice of Rush just long enough to call their Congresscreep and lecture about how they do n’t want that “ that evil government health care that Obama is going to shove down their throats . ” how they “ do n’t want a government program , ” and he “ better not touch their Medicare , ” which , of course , as Rep .
Green was getting at , just happens to be a government run health care system .
Dare we call it SOCIALISM ?
It ’s simultaneously fascinating and horrible to watch people who stand to benefit from change resist it with every molecule of their being .
They proudly call themselves “ I am the mob ” and storm town hall meetings where things that could help their families are on the agenda for discussion , except that they do n’t want to hear about it .
They do n’t wantto hear about it .
They are being played and it does n’t even dawn on them .
They alternately call President Obama a socialist , a Nazi , and a communist with no apparent understanding of the very real differences between those three political systems .
They mindlessly do the bidding of the corporate masters and the moneyed class and deride those who would better their lives as elitists .
They remind me of the same folks that thought Reagan was talking about them when he was talking about lowering taxes .
They praise Dubya for giving them a few hundred to buy a new TV while he gave the top 2 % hundreds of thousands and even millions .
Then they wonder why their roads and bridges are unsafe at any speed and why their kids have bad schools .
They do n’t even wonder about why the FDA is n’t equipped to stop e. coli in their spinach anymore and why more miners are dying in cave - ins while the people who are playing them are laughing all the way to their secret off shore bank accounts .
In Tampa , a Glenn Beck fan club stormed a town hall , smashing on the windows just like a similar mob did in Florida in 2000 when people were trying to count votes .
They were fearful of their guy losing .
How ’d that turn out for their families ?
How long before someone who is taking their marching orders from the likes of Beck loses their job and , therefore , their family ’s insurance ?
How long before it happens to one of these families and they are faced with a life and death situation . , they will see what powerless is .
They will have voted against themselves yet again .
Is it self - hatred ?
Fear of change ?
Fear of the unknown ?
Are their present circumstancesgood ?
Hey , Glenn Beck , turn it around a bit .
What happens if you and the people you propagandize for succeed and defeat health care reform and some guy out there in radioland who listened to you and believed your insanity suddenly wakes up one morning to find out that his 10 year old daughter has cancer and he does n’t have access to health care for her becausewon .
What ifthen end up with a target on your back with a grieving dad tracking you ?
On Thursday , the SEIU ( Service Employers International Union ) announced that it would attend various town halls in support of health care reform .
On Friday , Rush Limbaugh gave out their office address in St. Louis .
The death threat calls and tweets to the SEIU were immediate .
“ If ACORN / SEIU ( notice the coupling with ACORN , a largely African - American organization .
There they go AGAIN and AGAIN . ) attends these meetings for disruptive purposes (! ) , and you have license to carry … carry ” read one tweet .
Other protesters called and pledged to take up arms .
Another tweet from the same psycho recommends “ … hurt them .
Badly . ”
The SEIU was not the only union ally of President Obama to receive such threats .
So did the AFL - CIO .
This comes from the crowd that likes to refer to unions as thugs .
I wonder ; do they have mirrors in their bathrooms ?
You can watch Rush Limbaugh , hyped up in a frothing frenzy on God knows what , practically jumping out of his skin as he calls those in favor of reform " Nazis . "
He gives out addresses to his minions of the front lines from the cowardly confines of his studio fortress , all neatly provided by the puppet masters of Clear Channel .
What happens , Rush , or Glenn , or any of you , when someone gets killed in a fire bombing of an office , shot at a town hall meeting , or even , shall we say , brings down a federal building with a Ryder truck ?
Words do matter , especially to the unstable .
I know , like Bill - O , you ’ll deny any blood on your paws and those who employ you in their efforts to keep the gravy train status quo going for their multi-national corporation buddies will do the same .
So , who here is Tokyo Rose , and who is the patriot trying to improve the general well - being of the country ?
If Rush Limbaugh is n’t Lord Haw Haw , I do n’t know who is .
Rush Limbaugh has also made it plain where he stands on race and what he feels about the current President .
He truly is the leader of the 2009 Repug Party .
He is the cheerleader for the angry white voters that are the core bastion of the party .
The party ’s tactics of exploiting racial anxiety or fear of “ the other ” or fear of the unknown is n’t new .
Some fear change and that is exactly what President Obama campaigned on .
Whites voted against Barack Obama by a ratio of 55 % to 45 % , only to see that it did n’t matter .
Their world has changed .
Others can and do vote now , too .
To Limbaugh , Obama is even more of a threat than Donovan McNabb is .
McNabb can only win football games .
Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) , the House Minority Whip , is on record as saying that the country needsRush Limbaughs .
Limbaugh ’s characterization of Obama as Hitler does n’t even seem to give Cantor pause .
It ’s interesting to note that it was old Adolph himself , along with his propaganda / media chief Josef Goebbels who promulgated the “ Big Lie Theory ” saying that if you repeat a lie often enough , particularly a big one , people will accept it as gospel .
That includes the so - called mainstream media of today who simply regurgitate Republican talking points , no matter how patently and obviously erroneous .
So , who is acting more …
Hitler -ish ?
As if Rep. Cantor , or even the well - documented Sen.
Jim DeMint was n’t enough , how about dull - witted Rep. Todd Akin ( R - MO ) ?
The other day , he managed to combine “ Obamacare ” town hall meetings and lynching while his followers laughed , cheered and clapped .
There they go again with the code - speak .
The word ‘ lynching ’ is so telling in reference to the racial and cultural anxiety that is at play here .
The Repugs may think that by cynically appointing Michael Steele as figurehead of their party provides some sort of cover .
It does n’t .
Ah , the good old days , eh Todd ?
The good old days when you could just lynch your opponents , or as with people like you , just state your plausible denial and have some naïve follower do it .
If there are still any rational , reasonable , moral Republicans left ; now might be a good time to speak up and stand up for common sense before blood , on either side , is shed .
Our society will either adapt and change or it will stagnate and die under it ’s own weight .
Vital countries grow and evolve .
You do believe in evolution , do n’t you ?
Actually , this morning a few -- very few -- con-servatives finally did distance themselves from the insanity of one of the right kooks who has been stirring up trouble : Palin .
Georgia reactionary Rep. Jack Kingston , called Palin 's death panel meme " a scare tactic , " and David Brooks , in reference to the clearly mentally disturbed Palin , said " the crazies are attacking the plan because it will cut off granny .
That is simply not true , that simply is not going to happen . "
TPM was scratching it's head over Palin 's bizarre stand and that of the few nutcases on the far right who are backing her .
If you want a cheap , quick laugh hit that link .
Labels : Glenn Beck , Limbaugh , teabaggers , Todd Akin , violence
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 19 , 2009
Last week the Wall Street Journal reported on an operation launched earlier this year to target veterans who are members of “ militia / sovereign - citizen extremist groups . ”
Operation Vigilant Eagle was launched in February , “ two months before a memo giving a similar warning was issued on April 7 by the Department of Homeland Security . ”
It is described as a collaboration between the FBI and the Pentagon .
Campaign Liberty activists inspired by the Ron Paul revolution embraced the state sovereignty movement after Paul failed to gain the Republican nomination .
As Infowars points out , the DHS document in question was originally created in 2007 under the Bush administration and dusted off and revised under the Obama administration .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has defended the document and offered a weak apology to veterans who are targeted as extremists .
Documents outlining Operation Vigilant Eagle cite a surge in activity by white supremacists and “ militia / sovereign - citizen extremist groups . ”
According to the Wall Street Journal , a February 23 draft memo from FBI “ domestic counterterrorism leaders ” cited an “ increase in recruitment , threatening communications and weapons procurement by white supremacy extremist and militia / sovereign - citizen extremist groups . ”
The aim of the FBI ’s effort with the Defense Department , which was rolled into the Vigilant Eagle program , is to “ share information regarding Iraqi and Afghanistan war veterans whose involvement in white supremacy and / or militia sovereign citizen extremist groups poses a domestic terrorism threat , ” according to the Feb. 23 FBI memo .
In July , 2007 , financial reports indicated members of the military overwhelmingly supported Ron Paul .
In January , 2008 , the Paul campaign released a television advertisement highlighting the fact Paul “ received more support from active and retired military than any other candidate . ”
Campaign Liberty activists inspired by the Ron Paul revolution embraced the state sovereignty movement after Paul failed to gain the Republican nomination .
“ On February 11th , Oklahoma became the first state to act on legislation [ to take back state ’s rights under the 10th Amendment to the Constitution ] , ” notes Kirk Shelly of Campaign for Liberty .
“ This action was directly brought about by a Ron Paul supporter , and it is Campaign for Liberty members that will see this battle all the way through to endorse Ron Paul ’s candidacy for President because of Dr. Paul ’s strong support for the US Constitution . ”
Earlier efforts to pass state ’s rights resolutions were sabotaged by the federal government after Timothy McVeigh was framed for bombing the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City ( evidence later emerged indicating McVeigh was handled by the FBI ) .
By late 1994 , at least eight states had passed sovereignty resolution and legislators in more than 20 states planned to introduce resolutions in their 1995 sessions .
The federal government and its lapdog corporate media linked these resolutions to the Militia movement blamed for killing 168 people in Oklahoma City .
It should be noted that in the wake of the OKC bombings , the Clinton administration ( now reborn in the Obama administration ) introduced the Omnibus Counter - Terrorism Bill as S.390 in the United States Senate ( by now vice president Joe Biden ) and as H.R.896 in the House of Representatives .
As documented by Michele Marie Moore in the book Oklahoma City : Day One , the legislation provided a general charter for the FBI and other agencies , including the military , to investigate political groups and causes at will .
In addition , the legislation authorized secret trials , the use of illegally obtained evidence , allowed the military to engage in law enforcement activities ( in violation of Posse Comitatus ) , relaxed rules for wiretaps , and allowed the president to determine who is a terrorist .
“ The bill was specifically designed to give the President of the United States the ability to name whomever he wished as a political enemy for the purpose of that person ’s removal , and the appropriate media label would be ‘ terrorist ’ .
One could also foresee , as a result of this bill , great strides in the effort to completely disarm the American people , ” writes Moore ( see excerpts from Moore ’s book here ) .
The DHS report and the FBI - Pentagon collaborative effort are designed to portray states ’ right advocates and Libertarians in general as dangerous white supremacists and “ militia / sovereign - citizen ” extremists .
The DHS report and news of “ Operation Vigilant Eagle ” were released prior to and after the Tea Party demonstrations around the country in order to discredit the movement the same way the earlier states ’ rights movement was demonized and discredited .
Release of the DHS report was followed by a barrage of particularly vicious media coverage of the Tea Party demonstrations .
Advocates of states ’ rights and less government spending were mercilessly portrayed as everything from kooky conspiracy theorists to dangerous terrorists .
Fox News and the establishment Republicans supported the movement in order to intensify critical media coverage by “ liberal ” elements , although many Republicans are sincere in their support of the movement .
Commentators had a field day with Texas Gov. Rick Perry ’s supposed support of Tea Party principles and his assertion that if push came to shove Texas would secede .
Perry is a Bilderberg darling and hardly an advocate of states ’ rights .
However , as the liberal David S. Bernstein admits , today ’s states ’ rights movement is more popular and powerful than the government and media sabotaged version of a decade ago , “ thanks in large part to the conservative - libertarian network that was formed and energized around Ron Paul ’s presidential candidacy , and the large online communities of liberal - hating conservatives . ”
According to the Boston Phoenix writer Bernstein , the Tenth Amendment movement is a John Birch Society plot foisted on government - loving liberals by the likes of Jerome R. Corsi and the “ eponymous ” radio host Alex Jones , a “ full - throated conspiracy hawker . ”
Short of another false flag attack like the one perpetuated by the government in Oklahoma City , the liberal media attempt to discredit the growing and wildly popular states ’ rights movement ( and the larger movement to reestablish a constitutionally limited republic ) will fail miserably .
Millions of Americans now realize the Obama administration is a front for the bankers and the “ bailouts ” and “ stimulus ” are contrivances designed to impoverish and enslave the nation .
We need to be vigilant to this very fact — when the government faces growing opposition it invariably resorts to manufactured terrorist attacks at home and abroad .
Our rulers are dedicated to destroying the Constitution and ushering in world government at all cost .
As the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , demonstrated they will not think twice about killing thousands of people in order to realize their plan to convert the world into a nightmarish global slave plantation with a high - tech control grid overlay .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Twitter 's microblogging service breaches the patents of a Texas - based technology company , which is demanding unspecified damages and licensing fees , according to a federal lawsuit .
TechRadium , of Sugar Land , claims it has patents to what it calls the " mass notification " concept .
According to the complaint , tweeting infringes on its " systems and methods " of three patents .
TechRadium has paying clients and the patents for what it calls IRIS – the Immediate Response Information System – which " simultaneously delivers uniform , reliable and verifiable emergency messages to an unlimited number of contacts within seconds , across all means and devices of communication . "
Its clients include the military , schools , government , utilities and others , according to its website .
" To the fullest extent permitted by law , plaintiff seeks recovery of damages for lost profits , reasonable royalties , unjust enrichment , and benefits received by the defendant as a result of use ( sic ) the misappropriated technology , and any other damages to which it may be entitled in law or in equity , " Tuesday ' slawsuit ( . pdf ) says .
Twitter did not immediately respond for comment .
San Francisco - based
Twitter clearly is concerned that it might be the subject of patent infringement lawsuits , according to internal Twitter documents disclosed by TechCrunch last month .
One document with " Legal " on top said , " We will be sued for patent infringement , repeatedly and often . "
The document also said , " Should we get a great patent attorney to proactively go after these patents ( We need to talk about this more , we are unsatisfied ) . "
There are several routes this litigation could go .
Among them , Twitter could settle , claim its protocol does not infringe or challenge the validity of the patents .
If it sounds far - fetched that the tweeting method might infringe a patent , we 'll remind you that human genes are patented .
George Borkowski , chairman of the intellectual property practice at Venable LLP in Los Angeles , said Twitter is likely to claim that the patents should be voided because what has been patented is too generic .
" If this case moves forward , obviously what Twitter is going to do is argue that the patents are not valid and that the Patent Office should not have granted them , " Borkowski said .
Still , he added : " There is a presumption of validity when a patent is issued . "
See Also :
Humble Beginnings
The Graf & Stift company had its origins in the bicycle business , but in 1914 they already moved up .
They were building high - end automobiles only a select few could afford .
Among the famous people who bought a Graf & Stift were members of the Austrian Imperial Court – the heir to the Austro - Hungarian throne himself , Franz Ferdinand .
A Sudden Turn
On 29 June 1914 , the archduke came to visit Sarajevo .
There was public unrest everywhere and people were revolting : anarchists , Serbian nationalists …
It was n’t safe .
He had also been warned by the Turnfalken , the ravens which presaged disaster for the Habsburgs .
Archduke Franz Ferdinand came to Sarajevo with his wife , Duchess Sophie .
They rode in their brand new Graf & Stift .
As the open touring car approached the corner of Rudolph Street , shots were fired by a student anarchist called Gavrilo Princip .
Both Franz Ferdinand and his wife Sophie were fatally wounded , but the Graf & Stift got away without even a scratch .
This event marked the start of World War One .
﻿
The Graf & Stift Curse
This event seems to have started the Curse of the Graf & Stift because all of the automobile ’s later owners were either killed or injured .
In the years following the attack , the automobile of Franz Ferdinand was :
owned by fifteen different persons
involved in six accidents
the cause of death for thirteen people
Seven Unlucky Owners
General Potiorek : this Austrian general suffered a military defeat and public disgrace after buying the automobile .
He then began having mental problems and died insane in an asylum .
this Austrian general suffered a military defeat and public disgrace after buying the automobile .
He then began having mental problems and died insane in an asylum .
The unknown army captain : the name of the next owner is unknown , but we know he died in a crash just nine days after buying the Graf & Stift .
He was killed together with the two peasants who had walked onto the road in front of him .
the name of the next owner is unknown , but we know he died in a crash just nine days after buying the Graf & Stift .
He was killed together with the two peasants who had walked onto the road in front of him .
The governor of Yugoslavia : the governor suffered four car accidents while he owned the Graf & Stift .
He even lost his arm in the last one .
The next owner was doctor Sikris , the governor ’s friend .
He did n’t believe in the automobile being bad luck but died six months later when the car overturned and he was crushed to death .
the governor suffered four car accidents while he owned the Graf & Stift .
He even lost his arm in the last one .
The next owner was doctor Sikris , the governor ’s friend .
He did n’t believe in the automobile being bad luck but died six months later when the car overturned and he was crushed to death .
The diamond dealer : not much is known about the next owner , except that he committed suicide not long after procuring the automobile .
not much is known about the next owner , except that he committed suicide not long after procuring the automobile .
The Swiss racing driver : he suffered a terrible fate : the poor man was thrown out of the car and died on the spot .
he suffered a terrible fate : the poor man was thrown out of the car and died on the spot .
A Serbian farmer : after having some trouble with the ignition , this fellow decided to tow the Graf & Stift with his wagon .
The automobile fell on him and crushed him .
after having some trouble with the ignition , this fellow decided to tow the Graf & Stift with his wagon .
The automobile fell on him and crushed him .
Tiber Hirshfeld : he was a Transylvanian garage owner and the very last owner of the infamous Graf & Stift ( in 1926 ) .
Hirshfeld lost control of the automobile while overtaking dangerously and was killed with the crash .
His passengers ( he was going to a wedding with four friends ) were of the same fate .
Today , The Machine of Death can be found in the War History Museum of Vienna .
However , nobody dares to sit behind the wheel of the Graf & Stift anymore …
Roads are the “ seeds of tropical forest destruction ” ( Image : Steve Fricker )
“ THE best thing you could do for the Amazon is to bomb all the roads . ”
That might sound like an eco-terrorist ’s threat , but they ’re actually the words of Eneas Salati , one of Brazil ’s most respected scientists .
Thomas Lovejoy , a leading American biologist , is equally emphatic : “ Roads are the seeds of tropical forest destruction . ”
They are quite right .
Roads are rainforest killers .
Without rampant road expansion , tropical forests around the world would not be vanishing at a rate of 50 football fields a minute , an assault that imperils myriad species …
today 's data from the Census bureau .
Unless you 're the kind of person who worries about inflation , that is : in that case you 're probably reassured that real median household income fell 3.6 % between 2007 and 2008 , from $ 52,163 to $ 50,303 .
That 's a drop of over $ 1,800 : real money . " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
There ’s no good news in today ’s data from the Census bureau .
Unless you ’re the kind of person who worries about inflation , that is : in that case you ’re probably reassured that real median household income fell 3.6 % between 2007 and 2008 , from $ 52,163 to $ 50,303 .
That ’s a drop of over $ 1,800 : real money .
Naturally , the pain was concentrated in the poorer parts of the US : incomes in the South fell by 4.9 % to $ 45,590 , while incomes in the Northeast were unchanged at $ 54,346 .
Oh , and the number of people in poverty increased by a whopping 2.5 million , to 39.8 million : 13.2 % of the population , the highest poverty rate in over a decade .
How poor do you need to be in order to be counted as living in poverty ?
Very poor :
As defined by the Office of Management and Budget and updated for inflation using the Consumer Price Index , the weighted average poverty threshold for a family of four in 2008 was $ 22,025 ; for a family of three , $ 17,163 ; for a family of two , $ 14,051 ; and for unrelated individuals , $ 10,991 .
The poverty rate for children under the age of 18 is now an eye - popping 19 % : basically one child in every five is living in poverty in the US .
And even if a slow economic recovery is beginning to take hold , I ca n’t see that number declining much in the foreseeable future .
Which is unconscionable , in the richest country in the world .
Update : Emily Monea and Isabel Sawhill of the Brookings Institution have a paper out which says that “ the poverty rate will increase rapidly through 2011 or 2012 , at which point about 14.4 percent of the country will be in poverty ” , and that the number of children living in poverty could rise by 5 million , or 38 % , to 18 million .
Update 2 : David Leonhardt points out that real incomes fell over the course of the past decade , from $ 51,295 in 1998 to $ 50,303 in 2008 :
If there 's one concern about the Obama presidency , it 's the deficit .
And when the White House acknowledged it had underestimated things by about $ 2 trillion this week -- making for a $ 9.05 trillion gap through 2019 and $ 1.587 trillion this year -- critics yelled even louder .
Imagine for a second , however , if John McCain had won the election last November .
Bruce Bartlett , an economist under Reagan , says the deficit this year would be nearly as much .
WSJ via The Atlantic :
If one goes through the March update ( pp. 6 - 7 ) and the August update ( pp. 52 - 53 ) and adds up all the changes to the January estimate , you find that the deficit increase since January consists of $ 46 billion in lower than expected revenues due to the economy ( 11.5 % ) , $ 129 billion in higher spending due to technical re-estimates ( 32.2 % ) , and $ 226 billion due to legislative changes to both spending and revenues ( 56.3 % ) .
This suggests that we would have had a deficit of at least $ 1,361 billion this year even if McCain had won ( January deficit plus lower revenues and technical changes and no legislative changes ) ... assuming no stimulus and that the economy would have performed as well without it .
That 's only 14 % less than the deficit currently projected .
some of the legislative changes are due to higher defense spending and other non-stimulus related programs .
If we assume that McCain 's stimulus would have been half the size of Obama 's that leaves us with an estimated deficit of $ 1,474 billion under McCain - - only 7 % less than the deficit now estimated .
The eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks is a month away and some survivors of those lost believe it's a good time to renew an investigation into the events of that disastrous day .
New York City disagrees .
" We know we never have learned the truth , it 's as simple as that , '' says Lorie Van Auken of East Brunswick , one of the most ardent supporters of the creation of the 9/11 commission in 2002 .
It was headed by former New Jersey governor Thomas H. Kean .
" Members and staff of the 9/11 commission have said many of the questions raised by the attacks have never been answered . ''
Van Auken was a founding member of Sept. 11 Advocates , originally a group of four New Jersey widows whose husbands were killed that day .
The group , informally called " the Jersey girls , '' successfully lobbied for the creation of the commission .
The four women formed the core of a " steering committee " that was loosely attached to the panel , and then became lobbyists for enactment of the commission 's recommendations and critics of many of its findings after the panel 's report was published almost exactly five years ago .
Van Auken is now affiliated with an organization called NYC - CAN -- New York City Coalition for Accountability Now -- that has spent the last few months collecting signatures on a petition designed to require New York 's city council to place the creation of an investigating commission on the November ballot .
The city clerk 's office has rejected the petition , challenging thousands of the signatures and , more importantly , the legality of the referendum itself .
The dispute already is in court .
NYC -CAN is still pushing for signatures , relying on a provision of the law that allows voters to bypass city council action to place a referendum directly on the ballot .
Visitors to the area around the old World Trade Center site -- now all but inaccessible because of construction -- are likely to encounter supporters of the ballot initiative seeking signatures .
Only New York City voters , however , are eligible to sign the petition .
That would exclude Van Auken herself , although , under the terms of the petition , she would be one of the commissioners who would supervise the investigation .
The effort has been endorsed by the other " Jersey girls " -- Mindy Kleinberg , also of East Brunswick , and Patty Casazza and Kristen Breitweiser , both of whom have moved out of state .
" We are looking for some way to renew interest in the idea of an investigation , '' says Van Auken .
Another leader of the NYC - CAN effort is Robert McIlvaine , who became a fixture at public hearings of the 9/11 commission , always noticeable in the audience because he wore an orange baseball cap .
It was his son Robert 's Princeton cap -- the young man had graduated from Princeton in 1997 , moved to New York and gotten a job with Merrill Lynch .
He was attending a conference at the World Trade Center on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
" It 's a murder -- my son was murdered -- and there never has been a murder investigation and a finding of what happened , '' says McIlvaine , who was laid off from his teaching job at a mental hospital four months after his son's death .
He is retired and spends much of his time pushing for a renewed probe into 9/11 .
" It 's very simple -- I 'm a father who lost his son , " says McIlvaine , who lives in Oreland , Pa. , a suburb of Philadelphia .
He is a member of the executive council of NYC - CAN .
" Why would n't any father want to know how and why his son died ? ''
Previous efforts to promote a New York - based investigation into 9/11 have failed .
McIlvaine was a leader of a petition drive in 2004 to get former New York attorney general Elliot Spitzer to impanel a special grand jury to look into the day 's events .
Efforts like those of NYC - CAN face the danger of becoming overwhelmed by the more radical elements of the so - called " truther " movement , some of whose members already have reached their own conclusions about 9/11 -- including a contention that the destruction of the Twin Towers was not caused by the airplane crashes but rather internal demolition .
The NYC - CAN website -- nyccan.org -- insists any investigation it supervises will not begin with conclusions :
" The investigation will commence from a starting point of zero assumption or bias about the events of September 11 .
The investigation will be fact - driven and will use only the most rigorous legal standards for establishing the truth about those tragic events . ''
Even if the petition succeeds in getting the issue on the ballot , and even if the referendum is adopted , the independent investigation will face daunting problems -- including how to pay for its operations .
The 9/11 commission spent $ 12 million on its investigation ; NYC - CAN hopes to raise $ 50 million privately .
" We do face a lot of problems , '' says Van Auken .
" But we really do n't have much of a choice . ''
The mind - boggling photo manipulations that turn everyday snaps into stunning works of art
These incredible photos could have been taken in an alternate universe .
The extraordinary pictures show ordinary situations distorted in impossible ways - even allowing a man to iron his own body .
What a drag !
Sensational photographer Erik Johansson shows a man pick up a road and drag it casually behind him like a sheet
Erik Johannson , 24 , used a computer programme to manipulate his original pictures into mind - boggling pieces of art .
The artist said his crazy ideas just come to him after trying to perceive ordinary events differently .
He sets out with his camera with a concept already in mind , before snapping pictures of everyday situations such as a man cycling along a road .
Flat out !
A normal - looking man irons his own two - dimensional body
Water colours :
An art lover sees her painting live up to its name
He then manipulates the images on his computer to create mind - boggling effects .
Mr Johannson utilises the Photoshop programme to bend roads , distort human bodies and change the landscape of the countryside .
In one , a man picks up a road and drags it casually behind him like a sheet .
Noughts and Crosses :
An idle street worker takes on a digger
The sky 's the limit : A labourer lays a reflection on the road
Another shows a perplexed cyclist staring down a chasm as the street drops off vertically before him .
A third depicts a normal - looking man ironing his own flattened body and another shows a labourer playing naughts and crosses in the road with a digger .
Erik , who lives in Gothenburg , Sweden , said : ' I get inspiration from almost everywhere .
I actually get most of the ideas from things that happen in my daily life .
Out there !
A man appears to leap out of an apartment window
Walking in the air : A dog owner gives her lazy pet a lift with balloons
' To look at a situation in a different and unexpected way can sometimes generate ideas but the best ideas I get just come to me .
' Everything I do is very well planned .
I almost never go out photographing without any idea about what I will do with the photos .
' Looking for the right place to shoot the photos is actually what takes up most of my time .
Something fishy ?
Much like an iceberg , this island lacks the firmest foundations
' The time required to put the photo together is very different depending on the photos that I have .
It mostly takes between 10 to 20 hours , sometimes more .
' I like to change my photos in impossible and strange ways .
DEATH VALLEY , California ( CNN ) --
Today , you get a call from a friend .
They need a favor .
Runners chase each other during the first 20 miles of Badwater .
more photos »
Would you mind spending your vacation time this summer in Death Valley , a desert where temperatures hover around 130 degrees ?
Would you be OK with sleeping in a van , if you get to sleep at all , for three days , because you 'll be working your tail off spraying runners down with water , dunking them in ice and keeping track of everything that goes in ( and -- yes -- out ) of their body every 15 minutes so they do n't die running 135 miles in the hardest footrace on the planet ?
" Yeah , man , it 's Badwater .
You do n't turn down a chance to be at Badwater , " Mark Paterson said , adjusting his visor as sweat soaked his face .
He pulls at his shirt , trying to create some air , pointlessly .
It was 4 p.m. and 126 degrees in a Death Valley village called Furnace Creek , what whoever coined the phrase , ' Hell on earth ' had in mind .
" You get that call and you do what 's right , " Paterson said .
" You make sure your runner gets the ultimate bragging right , maybe the biggest big deal of all , the event that makes everyone else go , ' Badwater ?
Oh , no , man , you did not just do that ! ' "
Paterson was right .
The Adventurecorps Badwater Ultramarathon is infamous in endurance sports circles .
It is the running equivalent of summiting Everest , the ultimate test of mental fortitude , a hippy communion with the desert of epic highs and lows ( literally -- the race starts at 280 feet below sea level , the lowest point in the Western Hemisphere , covers three mountain ranges for descents and ascents totaling 9,000 feet and ends halfway up Mount Whitney , the highest point in the contiguous United States ) .
For all the nonsweaters out there -- consider how long it takes to drive from Baltimore to New York .
Now imagine running that distance ... without sleep ... with 10,000 blow dryers pointed at you the entire time .
Watch what it takes to battle Badwater »
All that for a belt buckle ?
You apply to Badwater the way you apply to Harvard .
Runners from across the world try to wow a finicky race jury by submitting awesome scores ( provable race finishing times from at least two 100 - mile events ) and an essay conveying they have the stamina to tackle such a gnarly challenge .
Gnarly meaning blisters that turn feet into pizza ; dehydration that can lead to organ and brain damage , heat stroke and hyponatremia ; a salt imbalance that makes extremities swell like sausages .
For good measure , let 's throw in heat and sleep - deprivation induced hallucinations .
Do n't Miss Adventurecorps Badwater 2009 results and highlights
The entry fee is $ 795 ( steep , sure , but an eight - person medical team , insurance , supplies and logistics to stage a monster event in the middle of nowhere ain't cheap ) .
Crews are n't paid .
The prize at the race often called Satan 's Fun Run , should one finish in less than 48 hours , is a thick silver belt buckle .
See the runners , the finish and the buckle »
" To talk about the buckle is to miss the point , " said Marshall Ulrich , a 58 - year - old endurance sensei who has done Badwater more than a dozen times and has summited Everest .
Notorious for having his toenails surgically removed -- toenails fall off anyway when you 're an endurance runner -- Marshall is , contrary to what most people assume , not a machine .
He started running when he was 28 , after his doctor told him to get off his butt and lower his blood pressure or expect an early grave .
See interactive map of route , distance , elevation »
" You run Badwater because there 's something in you that wants to get out there , in the middle of nowhere , and think about something .
It 's a way of freeing yourself , getting back to what I really believe people are supposed to be doing instead of relying so much on a bunch of material crap that only makes us weaker .
We are built to run , to cover great distance , for survival sake . "
Slightly less extreme , the women 's winner of Badwater , two years in a row , is Jamie Donaldson , a middle school math teacher from Colorado .
A lawyer , politician , small business owner , real estate agent and a college student ran Badwater this year , and its overall winner , coming in at 23:39:18 , was Marcos Farinazzo , a 40 - year - old hospital worker from Brazil .
The oldest runner this year was 67 - year - old Arthur Webb , who has finished 10 consecutive Badwaters .
Race officials using walkie - talkies ( there 's no cell service in Death Valley ) counted him out at mile 17 where he cramped and jumped in a pool to cool down .
Time , ice and a few massages later , Webb was on the course again , not stopping until he crossed the finish line more than 40 hours later .
Good crew , good race -- probably
" First , you gotta have your hydration log .
How much has your runner had to drink , how much do they need , " Paterson said .
" Endurolytes , quarters of peanut butter sandwiches , something fizzy for when they start having digestion issues -- ' cause they 're gonna have 'em -- your various tapes and bandages for the feet , Neosporin , Preparation H , animal cookies , " he said .
" We jump out of that van every quarter mile with two buckets .
I got my bucket of water and ice with a straight block of ice and a bucket of ice and sports drink .
The runner gets every other one , you rotate . "
The grossest but most necessary job ?
BADWATER FACTS 135 miles through Death Valley , California
Start : 280 feet below sea level
Finish : 8,300 feet on Mount Whitney
Race time limit : 60 hours , 48 - hour cut - off to get a belt buckle
Course pavement exceeds 200 degrees F , same temp used to slow cook a pot roast
Dangers :
Heat stroke , organ failure , hallucinations , huge blisters , severe dehydration
Badwater began when ultra athlete Al Arnold crossed Death Valley in 1977 .
The second Badwater - to - Whitney " crossing " was completed in 1981 , by Jay Birmingham .
The race became an official , organized footrace in 1987 with five runners .
" You have to check if their urine is clear , so you better be looking at that , and they better be going often , " Paterson said .
As the race wore on , its 60 - hour course limit blurring the days , plastic cups labeled with runners ' names who 'd suffered serious dehydration began dotting a hotel room that served as Badwater 's medical center .
They looked filled with varying concentrations of apple juice , one redder than the next .
Paterson 's runner Tim Kjenstad , a 51 - year - old California firefighter , has run Badwater before , but this year , sacked by severe dehydration and bodily functions that do n't need to be mentioned , he had to DNF ( the dreaded initials for Did Not Finish ) at mile 44 .
" Nobody can say that running 135 miles in the desert is healthy , " said Dr. Lisa Stranc Bliss , the head of the medical staff , who herself has run Badwater .
" But I 'm not going to say it is n't one of the most incredible experiences of your life . "
Beyond the physical , there 's an emotional bond forged between crew members and runners that military types call " embracing the suck . "
The wife of a Brazilian runner , Cas Camara , who came in dead last far past the 60 - hour mark , screamed and cried and begged her husband , who had fallen to the ground , his body seemingly wasted , to get up , get up and finish .
Members of a Navajo tribe and an entire family , tiny kids included , packed into a van to follow one runner .
When Arnold Begay reached his breaking point , two of the men lifted him to his feet and a woman cupped his face and sang to him .
He went on .
Some crewers ran 80 kilometers , completely anonymously , just to keep their runner on a specific pace .
Many were exhausted from running their own ultramarathons only weeks before .
Badwater 's past champ , Hungarian Akos Konya crewed for 19 - year - old Arizona college student Nick Hollon who made history as the event 's youngest ever competitor .
" Nick emailed me and said how would you like to help me , " explained Konya , hovering over his runner Nick Hollon at mile 72 .
Hollon was in pain .
The teen 's feet were chewed and he was about to take a needle to his blisters .
Konya , skinny and fast as a Greyhound , put his hand on Hollon 's shoulder .
He seemed shocked by the question --
Why would you go through Badwater to help out a kid you barely know ?
" Why would I not help him do this ?
He asked me .
I do n't understand why you would say no . "
All About Exercise and Fitness • Extreme Sports
He also intends to examine an agreement that permits US warships to dock at Japanese ports , in violation of the nation 's non-nuclear principles .
Mr Hatoyama says he will also look again at the $ 6 billion cost faced by Japan to transfer thousands of US troops from their base in Okinawa to the Pacific island of Guam amid a wide - ranging review of the American military presence on Japanese soil .
Smart chickens not duped by GM feed
Eleanor MombergIndependent Online ( SA ) , August 2 2009http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=143&art_id=vn20090802102554511C805624Chickens refusing to eat the maize they had been fed has led to the discovery that their feed had been genetically modified to include a well - known weed and insect killer .
Strilli Oppenheimer was recently approached by Dawid Klopper , the head gardener at the family estate , Brenthurst , informing her that her indigenous African chickens were refusing to eat the mealies in the chicken feed bought from a large supplier .
Concerned that the birds may be ingesting genetically modified maize , she instructed Klopper to have the maize tested .
The chickens ' diet was immediately changed to include organic vegetables , Oppenheimer stopped consuming the home - grown eggs and the maize was sent to the GMO testing facility at the University of the Free State for analysis .
The results confirmed Oppenheimer 's initial suspicion - the maize had been genetically engineered to produce proteins that are toxic to certain insects and weeds .
" It contained BT1 which makes the maize insect resistant , as well as Roundup which makes it weed resistant .
This is the first report we have had of chickens not eating GM feed , " said a GM expert .
While small quantities of BT1 and Roundup weed killer were found in the seeds , the concern remained with the cumulative effect of GM feed , not only on the chickens , but also on the eggs they produced for the family .
" This is of serious concern .
Do you know that 96 percent of soya - based foods are genetically modified and that maize in South Africa is contaminated , " asked Oppenheimer , pointing out that research by well - known scientist Dr Arpad Pusztai had shown that rats fed on GM potatoes suffered from a weakened immune system and stunted growth of their internal organs , including the liver , kidneys and brain .
Pusztai was fired by the Rowett Research Institute in the UK in 1998 after his research into the human nutritional consequences of GM .
His findings had far - reaching implications for the biotech industry , which had contended that GM crops and products would not adversely affect human health .
International research has shown a direct link between certain types of genetic engineering and cancer .
Gundula Azeez and Coilin Nunan of The Soil Association , a UK environmental charity , stated in their paper , " GM Crops - the health effects " , that international research had shown that milk , eggs and meat from GM - fed animals contained GM crop DNA , concluding that it was likely that people were frequently being exposed to GM DNA .
They concluded that because of the lapses in extensive safety assessments , there were " very good scientific reasons for being concerned about the safety of GM crops " .
Rose Williams , acting director of Biowatch , said globally there was great concern that GM products had not been adequately tested in terms of their effect on people , animals and the environment .
" There has been no testing on humans , very limited testing on animals and very little research on environmental impacts .
This is the case globally , but in South Africa even less work has been done , even though the commercial release of GM maize , GM soya and GM cotton has been approved .
" Williams said concerns by NGOs such as Biowatch , the African Centre for Biosafety and SAFeAGE about the lack of control over GM crops and contamination of non-GM crops had largely been ignored .
" Government has not done enough to protect the public from the potential threats of GM foods .
There is also the matter of liability - who will take responsibility for people 's losses and any health problems relating to consumption of GM foods , whether they are for people or for animals .
" Williams said the contamination of non-GM crops was a real problem , with the biotech industry leading people to believe that co-existence of GM and non-GM crops was possible .
" But it is not , " she said .
While the recently implemented Consumer Protection
Act called for the labelling of GM foods , the regulations linked to the measure had yet to be finalised .
About her chickens ' refusal to eat their maize , Oppenheimer said : " They 're smart . "
The first ever calculation on an optical quantum chip has been performed at the University of Bristol .
The chip uses single particles of light , or photons , passing through it to carry out calculations .
Although in this experiment it was only a simple sum finding the prime factors of 15 - it marks the first step towards building a quantum supercomputer , according to the university
Alberto Politi , one of the PhD students who performed the experiment , said in a statement : " This task could be done much faster by any school kid , but this is a really important proof - of - principle demonstration . "
The university has said that finding prime factors is imperative to modern - day encryption schemes so this could have further implications for secure communication technologies .
" As well as quantum computing and quantum metrology , on - chip ' photonic quantum circuits could have important applications in quantum communication , since they can be easily integrated with optical fibres to send photons between remote locations , " added Politi .
Professor Jeremy O'Brien , director of the Centre for Quantum Photonics , who led the research , is hopeful about where this could lead in the future .
In a statement he said : " The really exciting thing about this result is that it will enable the development of large scale quantum circuits for photons .
This opens up all kinds of possibilities . "
The concepts of an inquisition and inquisitorial procedure lie deep in the roots of world history .
Inquisitions were used during the decline of the Roman Empire until the Spanish Inquisition 's decline in the early 1800s .
An inquisition can be run by both civil and church authorities in order to root out non-believers from a nation or religion .
The Spanish Inquisition was one of the most deadly inquisitions in history .
Back to " Age of Hapsburgs " Chronology
The Spanish Inquisition was used for both political and religious reasons .
Spain is a nation - state that was born out of religious struggle between numerous different belief systems including Catholicism , Islam , Protestantism and Judaism .
Following the Crusades and the Reconquest of Spain by the Christian Spaniards the leaders of Spain needed a way to unify the country into a strong nation .
Ferdinand and Isabella chose Catholicism to unite Spain and in 1478 asked permission of the pope to begin the Spanish Inquisition to purify the people of Spain .
They began by driving out Jews , Protestants and other non-believers .
In 1483 Tomas de Torquemada became the inquisitor - general for most of Spain .
He was responsible for establishing the rules of inquisitorial procedure and creating branches of the Inquisition in various cities .
He remained the leader of the Spanish Inquisition for fifteen years and is believed to be responsible for the execution of around 2,000 Spaniards .
The Catholic Church and the Pope attempted to intervene in the bloody Spanish Inquisition but were unable to wrench the extremely useful political tool from the hands of the Spanish rulers .
The Inquisition was run procedurally by the inquisitor - general who established local tribunals of the Inquisition .
Accused heretics were identified by the general population and brought before the tribunal .
The were given a chance to confess their heresy against the Catholic Church and were also encouraged to indict other heretics .
If they admitted their wrongs and turned in other aggressors against the church they were either released or sentenced to a prison penalty .
If they would not admit their heresy or indict others the accused were publicly introduced in a large ceremony before they were publicly killed or sentenced to a life in prison .
Around the 1540s the Spanish Inquisition turned its fire on the Protestants in Spain in an attempt to further unify the nation .
The Spanish Inquisition 's reign of terror was finally suppressed in 1834 .
Sources :
Solsten , Eric D. Area Handbook for Spain . ( Federal Research Division ; 1990 ) .
The New Encyclopedia Britannica . ( Encyclopedia Britannica , Inc ; 1994 ) .
Eliade , Mircea , Ed. The Encyclopedia of Religion .
( MacMillan Publishing Co ; 1990 ) .
The World Book Encyclopedia .
( World Book - Childcraft International , Inc ; 1994 ) .
I met Roman Polanski in 1977 , when I was 13 years old .
I was in ninth grade that year , when he told my mother that he wanted to shoot pictures of me for a French magazine .
That ’s what he said , but instead , after shooting pictures of me at Jack Nicholson ’s house on Mulholland Drive , he did something quite different .
He gave me champagne and a piece of a Quaalude .
And then he took advantage of me .
It was not consensual sex by any means .
I said no , repeatedly , but he would n’t take no for an answer .
I was alone and I did n’t know what to do .
It was scary and , looking back , very creepy .
Those may sound like kindergarten words , but that ’s the way it feels to me .
It was a very long time ago , and it is hard to remember exactly the way everything happened .
But I ’ve had to repeat the story so many times , I know it by heart .
We pressed charges , and he pleaded guilty .
A plea bargain was agreed to by his lawyer , my lawyer and the district attorney , and it was approved by the judge .
But to our amazement , at the last minute the judge went back on his word and refused to honor the deal .
Worried that he was going to have to spend 50 years in prison -- rather than just time already served -- Mr. Polanski fled the country .
He ’s never been back , and I have n’t seen him or spoken to him since .
Advertisement
Looking back , there can be no question that he did something awful .
It was a terrible thing to do to a young girl .
But it was also 25 years ago -- 26 years next month .
And , honestly , the publicity surrounding it was so traumatic that what he did to me seemed to pale in comparison .
Now that he ’s been nominated for an Academy Award , it ’s all being reopened .
I ’m being asked : Should he be given the award ?
Should he be rewarded for his behavior ?
Should he be allowed back into the United States after fleeing 25 years ago ?
Here ’s the way I feel about it : I do n’t really have any hard feelings toward him , or any sympathy , either .
He is a stranger to me .
But I believe that Mr. Polanski and his film should be honored according to the quality of the work .
What he does for a living and how good he is at it have nothing to do with me or what he did to me .
I do n’t think it would be fair to take past events into consideration .
I think that the academy members should vote for the movies they feel deserve it .
Not for people they feel are popular .
Advertisement
And should he come back ?
I have to imagine he would rather not be a fugitive and be able to travel freely .
Personally , I would like to see that happen .
He never should have been put in the position that led him to flee .
He should have received a sentence of time served 25 years ago , just as we all agreed .
At that time , my lawyer , Lawrence Silver , wrote to the judge that the plea agreement should be accepted and that that guilty plea would be sufficient contrition to satisfy us .
I have not changed my mind .
I know there is a price to pay for running .
But who would n’t think about running when facing a 50 - year sentence from a judge who was clearly more interested in his own reputation than a fair judgment or even the well - being of the victim ?
If he could resolve his problems , I ’d be happy .
I hope that would mean I ’d never have to talk about this again .
Sometimes I feel like we both got a life sentence .
My attitude surprises many people .
That ’s because they did n’t go through it all ; they do n’t know everything that I know .
People do n’t understand that the judge went back on his word .
They do n’t know how unfairly we were all treated by the press .
Talk about feeling violated !
The media made that year a living hell , and I ’ve been trying to put it behind me ever since .
Advertisement
Today , I am very happy with my life .
I have three sons and a husband .
I live in a beautiful place and I enjoy my work .
What more could I ask for ?
No one needs to worry about me .
The one thing that bothers me is that what happened to me in 1977 continues to happen to girls every day , yet people are interested in me because Mr. Polanski is a celebrity .
That just never seems right to me .
It makes me feel guilty that this attention is directed at me , when there are certainly others out there who could really use it .
*
Editor ’s note : The Times ’ usual practice is not to name victims of sexual crimes .
Samantha Geimer ’s name is used here with her consent .
Look out : Behringer , already a notorious rip - off artist , is taking the “ first step in [ the ] company ’s reinvention of online presence . ”
I shudder to think what the coming steps will look like .
But yes , the new site looks a wee bit familiar .
It actually gets worse as you dig into the layout .
In fairness , for over a decade now , Apple ’s site has perhaps the most ripped - off Website design on the Internet .
But then , Behringer is special .
Back when the blog Music
Thing was publishing , it was able to do an annual series on cloned Mackie and Roland / BOSS gear , some down to colors , typography , and control layouts .
( Check out the MT archives for some of this hall of shame , or lack thereof . )
And Behringer does n’t just copy the Apple layout like other sites .
They actually send out a breathless press release that brags about their pixel - perfect , color - perfect clone .
Update : Apparently , you can thank readers of the Behringer Website for the choice .
Mr. Tunes notes via
Twitter that this design was chosen in a survey among other mock - ups , for which you could win a blatant rip - off of the Line 6 Pod .
I could comment on that , but the things I might say would not make me a team player for “ Team Behringer . ”
After months of hard work from a 9 - person development team , BEHRINGER launched a dramatically upgraded website today .
Sporting an elegant , efficient aesthetic and an intuitive interface , the new site boasts a feature - rich series of upgrades …
Indeed , an inspection of image assets and CSS reveals that the development team really did re-create the design from scratch using their own images and code .
( There ’s 81 months of human development time the planet will never get back . )
Here ’s the great irony : Behringer ’s Terms of Use for their site .
This Site is provided for your personal and non-commercial use only .
The purpose of this Site is to provide information on BEHRINGER and its products .
All content included in this Site , including but not limited to any text , graphics , images , logos , button icons , data compilations , software , audio and video ( collectively , " Materials " ) , is the property of BEHRINGER or its content suppliers , and you may not distribute , exchange , modify , reproduce , perform , sell or transmit the Materials for any business , commercial or public purposes .
The Materials are protected by applicable laws and international copyright and trademark laws , and any unauthorized use of any Materials may violate copyright , trademark , and other applicable laws .
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any portion of this Site or any Materials without express written consent of BEHRINGER .
You are granted a revocable and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site so long as the link does not portray BEHRINGER , its affiliates , or their products / services in a false , misleading , derogatory , or otherwise offensive manner .
You may not use any BEHRINGER trademark , logo or other Materials as part of the link without express written consent of BEHRINGER or as provided herein .
If you breach any of these Terms , your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials herefrom .
Of course , the idea of Behringer ’s proprietary intellectual property in this case is more than a bit absurd .
Here ’s Apple ’s Terms of Use :
All text , graphics , user interfaces , visual interfaces , photographs , trademarks , logos , sounds , music , artwork and computer code ( collectively , “ Content ” ) , including but not limited to the design , structure , selection , coordination , expression , “ look and feel ” and arrangement of such Content , contained on the Site is owned , controlled or licensed by or to Apple , and is protected by trade dress , copyright , patent and trademark laws , and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws .
Indeed .
By the way , was n’t “ Seeing is Believing ” the tag on one of the images on Apple ’s site at some point ?
( Why would I not be surprised if that was , you know – nine months ago ? )
Video : Gigantic jets
The gigantic jet observed by Steven Cummer and his team .
The thunderstorm that produced this jet was over 300 kilometres away , below the visible horizon ( Image : Steven Cummer )
The ancient Greeks might have thought Zeus was furious with heaven itself .
The power of lightning strikes that shoot upwards from storm clouds has been measured for the first time – and they turn out to be every bit as powerful as normal lightning .
First caught on camera in 2003 , “ gigantic jets ” shoot upwards from thunderclouds and can reach altitudes above 80 kilometres .
But it was n’t until 21 July last year that Steven Cummer at Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , and his colleagues managed to measure the electrical discharge from a single gigantic jet , released from tropical storm Cristobal .
“ No one had been very close to one with the right radio instrumentation before , ” Cummer says .
“ So we did n’t know whether they just petered out without doing anything much , or whether they actually took some charge and dumped it somewhere . ”
Advertisement
Electric jet
The jet came out of a high storm cloud , beginning at an altitude of about 14 kilometres , and shot upwards for a further 75 kilometres .
At those heights , the atmosphere is a much better electrical conductor than at ground level because of ionising radiation from space .
As a result , the jet was able to discharge 144 coulombs of charge into the upper atmosphere in about 1 second .
This is comparable to the charge transferred by a large cloud - to - ground lightning strike .
“ It ’s fantastic that they see such a high charge transfer between the thundercloud and the ionosphere , ” says Victor Pasko of Pennsylvania State University in University Park .
Changing weather
Gigantic jets could be important for our ability to predict lightning strikes .
“ There is this newly identified path for discharging the thunderstorm , and a lot of charge can be moved , ” says Cummer .
“ In storms that can produce gigantic jets , it might influence what other lightning is happening in the storm . ”
This time , however , the team found no difference in the rate of ordinary lightning strikes around the time of the gigantic jet .
“ I ’m surprised they saw no drop in lightning rates before or after the jet – but that might be because of the sheer size of the storm , ” says Pasko .
Gigantic jets are one of a host of new atmospheric phenomena discovered in recent years .
Other examples are sprites and blue jets .
Journal reference : Nature Geoscience , DOI : 10.1038/ngeo607 ( in press )
Apple PR wrangler Natalie Kerris has officially confirmed to BusinessWeek what Pre owners have been tweeting : “ iTunes 8.2.1 … disables devices falsely pretending to be iPods , including the Palm Pre .
As we ’ve said before , newer versions of Apple ’s iTunes software may no longer provide syncing functionality with unsupported digital media players . ”
Just this second , Palm spokeswoman Lynn Fox has sent out a counter - snipe : “ Palm ’s media sync works with iTunes 8.2 .
If Apple chooses to disable media sync in iTunes , it will be a direct blow to their users who will be deprived of a seamless synchronization experience .
However , people will have options .
They can stay with the iTunes version that works to sync their music on their Pre , they can transfer the music via USB , and there are other third - party applications we can consider . ”
Anyone else up for Mobile Fight Club ?
It ’ll be more fun than battling press releases .
What if you gave a party in Pittsburgh , and no one came ?
( Because , well , it 's Pittsburgh . )
That would n't look good for President Barack Obama , hosting a major foreign summit , the G - 20 , there this week .
So how about an enticement , like a free gift ?
It works on late - night TV .
And that 's traditional anyway for the host / hostess of these gatherings of elite sophisticated international folks , with all their secure vehicles idling outside while the big shots go indoors away from the tear gas to discuss once again improving the environment .
Also our finances .
As comedian Jimmy Fallon will say in his late - night monologue tonight , the main topic of discussion among the foreign leaders is , Why Pittsburgh ?
The Obama administration learned a lesson earlier this year during Giftgate , when it presented British Prime Minister Gordon Brown with a toy helicopter and a set of classic American movie DVDs in a format that wo n't work in Britain .
Thanks for stopping by .
Handing out Pittsburgh Terrible Towels would require knowledge of American sports or , worse , Pittsburgh teams , and that would be , well , terrible .
So First Lady Michelle Obama settled on giving some china to the spouses .
Here 's how the White House describes the china :
A one - of - a - kind porcelain tea set , White House honey and a honey vase designed exclusively for the occasion of the Pittsburgh Summit 2009 .
The platinum and purple porcelain design of the teacups is classic and contemporary , and inspired by the gold and purple White House china that President and Mrs. Lincoln used in 1861 .
The use of platinum on the saucer symbolizes Pittsburgh ’s steel industry roots ; the use of purple is the color of the state flower of Illinois , the purple violet , home states of both Presidents Lincoln and Obama .
The porcelain is one of a kind and made by a century - old family business in Illinois .
A rose in the bottom of the teacup represents both the official flower of the United States and the American beauty rose , the official flower of Washington .
There is a delicate three - flower bouquet that sits in the well of the saucer .
It consists of the purple violet , the state flower of Illinois ; the mountain laurel , the state flower of Pennsylvania ; and a rose , the national flower .
The White House honey produced for this occasion came from the First Beehive , located on White House property near the First Lady ’s White House Kitchen Garden .
Also , there 's a dinner at John Kerry 's wife 's farm , with all the Heinz ketchup you can eat .
So would that be sufficient to get you to Pittsburgh ?
-- Andrew Malcolm
But wait !
There 's more !
If you click here now , you 'll get free Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
Photo : White House
Israel plays a prominent role in the charges of money laundering and human organ black marketing that have swept five rabbis into a New Jersey federal corruption investigation .
Among other things , Israeli banks were allegedly key transit points for the money laundering operation .
The rabbis accused of laundering money were allegedly told that it came from sales of knockoff products labeled as legitimate brands and from other illicit activities .
But Israeli law enforcement agencies say they have yet to launch probes of their own .
One of the key suspects charged in the money laundering operations is Levi Deutsch , an Israeli who resides in Israel but makes regular visits to America , where he was arrested July 23 as part of the federal sweep .
According to the criminal complaints , Deutsch was a high - level source of cash from overseas for funding the bank checks that passed through charitable entities .
Another of the arrested rabbis , Eliahu Ben-Haim , allegedly laundered $ 1.5 million with the help of an as yet unidentified Israeli for a witness cooperating with the FBI .
After laundering the illicit funds through Israel , the Israeli is believed to have arranged for Ben - Haim ’s clients to receive their money through intermediary cash houses .
He is thought to have charged a 1.5 % fee .
Israel is no stranger to money laundering .
In 2000 , Israel was featured on the inter - governmental Financial Action Task Force ’s blacklist of countries considered uncooperative in the fight against money laundering .
The FATF is an international body that includes among its members the United States , China , Russia and countries of the European Union .
“ For many years , Israel was the last Western country which was n’t fighting money laundering , ” said Hebrew University law academic Guy Harpaz , who has published research on money laundering .
Now , Israel is in the midst of cracking down on money laundering .
Shortly after the blacklisting , Israel passed a law mandating tough measures .
In 2002 , the Ministry of Justice , as required by the new law , established the Israeli Financial Intelligence Unit , now the Israel Money Laundering and Terror Financing Prohibition Authority , to assist in the investigation and prevention of money laundering .
Israel was removed from the FATF blacklist in 2002 , but placed on the monitoring list .
The next year , it was taken off the monitoring list .
Israel is today “ in line with most European countries , ” Harpaz said .
According to the federal charges , Levy Izhak Rosenbaum , who is charged with trading in kidneys for profit , told informants cooperating with the FBI that he obtained the organs from young Israelis who were allegedly paid $ 10,000 out of the $ 150,000 he is said to have charged organ recipients .
“ There are people over there hunting , ” he said , adding , “ You have to shmear , ” meaning pay people for their help .
He indicated that among those needing payment were Israeli doctors who would carry out tests on the potential donor .
The cross-continental cooperation continued when checking whether the potential kidney seller was a correct match for the buyer .
The criminal complaint indicates that Rosenbaum sent frozen blood samples with people flying to Israel from America .
“ [ S ] omebody takes it , ” he allegedly told the cooperating witness .
The criminal complaint quotes Rosenbaum saying that he had brokered “ quite a lot ” of deals over the past 10 years — though no official estimate has been released of how many .
Tamar Ashkenazi , head of the Ministry of Health - funded National Transplant Center , told the Forward that she was “ very surprised ” to learn of the alleged sales .
In Israel , she noted , strict ethical committees must approve every donation made , rendering domestic organ sales almost nonexistent .
The allegations in the United States have raised a fear that “ if people want to donate [ for money ] and are not passing [ Israeli ] ethical committees , they are going abroad , ” she commented .
Authorities are newly empowered to fight organ trafficking .
Until last , the rules governing transplants were set by the director general of the Health Ministry .
The courts ruled a number of times that there was a need to legislate the matter in law .
One of the results of a lack of a legal basis was the lack of any framework to prosecute organ brokers .
Then in March 2008 , one month into Rosenbaum ’s 17 - month contact with the cooperating witness , Israel passed a new law prohibiting organ trafficking , receiving compensation for organs and mediation in order to receive a donation .
Nevertheless , for both the money laundering and organ black marketing aspects of this scandal , Israeli law enforcement officials say they will defer to their American counterparts .
“ At the moment , investigations are only in the States , ” said Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld , adding that his force will get involved “ if and when ” requested by America .
Ministry of Justice spokesman Tal Vider had a similar assessment .
“ We are not really involved in this situation , ” he said .
“ Not yet . ”
Contact Nathan Jeffay at jeffay@forward.com
Here are some comparisons of SageMath with other systems .
Each pair of comparison was made on the same system and it was carfully avoided to hit swap memory to avoid accidental slowdows .
Unless otherwise noted , all timings are in seconds .
Links : List of Computations where SageMath is Noticeably Faster than Magma ...
By Judith Burns
Science and Environment Producer BBC News
The large blue butterfly faced extinction when the ant it feeds on began dying off
Google 's algorithm for ranking web pages can be adapted to determine which species are critical for sustaining ecosystems , say researchers .
According to a paper in PLoS Computational Biology , " PageRank " can be applied to the study of food webs .
These are the complex networks of who eats whom in an ecosystem .
The scientists say their version of PageRank could be a simple way of working out which extinctions would lead to ecosystem collapse .
Every species is embedded in a complex network of relationships with others .
So a single extinction can cascade into the loss of seemingly unrelated species .
Investigating when this might happen using more conventional methods is complicated as even in simple ecosystems , the number of combinations exceeds the number of atoms in the universe .
So it would be impossible to try them all .
Co-author Dr Stefano Allesina realised he could apply PageRank to the problem when he stumbled across an article in a journal of applied mathematics describing the Google algorithm .
The researchers say they had to make minor changes to it to adapt it for ecology .
Dr Allesina , of the University of Chicago 's department of ecology and Evolution , told BBC News : " First of all we had to reverse the definition of the algorithm .
" In PageRank , a web page is important if important pages point to it .
In our approach a species is important if it points to important species . "
Cyclical element
They also had to design in a cyclical element into the food web system in order to make it applicable to the algorithm .
They did this by including what Dr Allesina terms the " detritus pool " .
He said : " When an organism dies it goes into the detritus pool and in turn gets cycled back into the food web through the primary producers , the plants .
" Each species points to the detritus and the detritus points only to the plants .
This makes the web circular and therefore leads to the application of the algorithm . "
Dr Allesina and co-author Dr Mercedes Pascual of University of Michigan have tested their method against published food webs , using it to rank species according to the damage they would cause if they were removed from the ecosystem .
They also tested algorithms already in use in computational biology to find a solution to the same problem .
They found that PageRank gave them exactly the same solution as these much more complicated algorithms .
Dr Glyn Davies , director of programmes at WWF - UK , welcomed the work .
He said : " As the rate of species extinction increases , conservation organisations strive to build political support for maintaining healthy and productive ecosystems which hold a full complement of species .
" Any research that strengthens our understanding of the complex web of ecological processes that bind us all is welcome . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Malaria may have jumped to humans from chimpanzees much as AIDS did , U.S. researchers reported on Monday in a study they hope could help in developing a vaccine against the infection .
A chimpanzee sits in his enclosure in Berlin Zoo , June 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch
They found evidence the parasite that causes most cases of malaria is a close genetic relative of a parasite found in chimpanzees .
Genetic analysis suggests the human parasite is a direct descendant of the chimp parasite , they reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The malaria - causing parasite Plasmodium falciparum may have been transmitted to human beings as recently as 10,000 years ago , Francisco Ayala of the University of California Irvine and colleagues said .
“ When malaria transferred to humans , it became very severe very quickly , ” Ayala said in a statement .
“ The disease in humans has become resistant to many drugs .
It ’s my hope that our discovery will bring us closer to making a vaccine . ”
Malaria kills an estimated 1 million people a year , mostly children , according to the World Health Organization .
The mosquito - borne parasite causes severe disease in more than 300 million every year .
Ayala ’s team sampled blood samples from 94 chimpanzees in Cameroon and Ivory Coast to find the apes ’ version of the parasite .
“ The closest known relative of P. falciparum is a chimpanzee parasite , Plasmodium reichenowi , ” they wrote .
They found eight samples of P. reichenowi .
Their genetic testing of the samples showed all known P. falciparum parasites originated from P. reichenowi .
Researchers are trying to make a vaccine against malaria but are having difficulty .
Understanding how it became adapted to humans could help in this work .
The finding is the latest to show that some of humanity ’s worst diseases originated in animals .
AIDS came from chimpanzees -- and French researchers reported on Sunday that they found a Cameroonian woman had been infected with an HIV virus that apparently came from gorillas .
Swine flu , H5N1 avian influenza and in fact all influenza viruses are believed to have originated in animals .
Other animal - to - human infections include severe acute respiratory syndrome , or SARS , which killed 800 people in 2003 - 2004 , Ebola and Marburg viruses , and plague .
When most of us think about a machine composing musical pieces , we think of primitive songs coming out of a HAL 9000 that could be suitable for a child 's toy , but nothing that music lovers would actually enjoy .
That 's because most of us have n't heard of Emily Howell .
No , that 's not a person — it 's the name of a computer program written by University of California , Santa Cruz professor David Cope that , after nearly three decades of work , is about to release , uh , " her " first CD through Centaur Records .
Cope is Dickerson Emeriti Professor at UCSC — he attempted to retire years ago because he did n't want to go to meetings anymore — teaching graduate courses in music composition and computer - assisted composition .
Cope is also an Honorary Professor of Computer Science at Xiamen University in China and is often ascribed as a computer scientist , though he insists that he is a music professor first , not a CS professor .
However , given the work he has done on Emily Howell and " her " predecessor , EMI , it 's clear that he has managed to mesh the two in ways that go far beyond a musical computer program .
How it all got started
You name the composer and EMI could analyze his works to spit out a new piece that sounded just like that composer had written it himself .
Except he had n't ; a computer had .
Emily was n't just born out of Cope 's mind as a genius application that could compose pieces that compete with the likes of modern - day composers .
Cope , a composer himself , said his work actually started around 1980 when someone commissioned him for an opera and he found himself facing mean case of composer 's block .
A friend who worked in artificial intelligence lightheartedly suggested he write a program to help him complete the opera .
He had done some programming before — " I had to work on those large IBM mainframes with the paper cards that went in ; there was no visual complement at all " — so he gave it a go .
" We assumed the program would create terrible music from the start .
We assumed that , when I heard it , I would say ' I would n't do that , I would do this . '
Sure enough , that 's exactly what happened , " Cope told Ars .
The music was bad , and creating it was a pain ; the team had to use numbers spit out by the computer and transcribe them onto a staff , then sing it or play it on a piano .
So , the program got scrapped in favor of developing a new system that was " more my style . "
The problem was that this new program did n't quite understand Cope 's style too well —
" As time progressed and I got this idea of data - driven programming , " Cope recalled .
" Instead of me writing all the rules for the program , I would create a database of music and have the computer analyze that data to attempt to produce something like it . "
Experiments in Musical Intelligence
Cope finally managed to complete his opera seven years late , but more importantly , he had developed a project that he called Experiments in Musical Intelligence , or EMI ( pronounced " Emmy " ) for short .
EMI was originally developed to analyze his own musical style by feeding it past compositions in hopes of finding patterns — little musical signatures that only he does — and replicating them in new ways .
However , he found that the program was n't just good for him — the analytical engine worked for nearly every composer in history .
Bach , Beethoven , Mahler — you name the composer and EMI could analyze his works to spit out a new piece that sounded just like that composer had written it himself .
Except he had n't ; a computer had .
Needless to say , once the rest of the world began to get wind of this , things got pretty interesting .
On one side , academia embraced Cope 's work .
" Extremely positive feedback came from the science community , " Cope said .
" They really seemed to feel that my work has had great potential in many areas other than just music . "
The music side was a different story .
" Most musicians , academic or composers , have always held this idea that the creation of music is innately human , and somehow this computer program was a threat in some way to that unique human aspect of creation , " Cope said .
" I have always refuted that by saying a human built the machine , listens to the output , and chooses what 's the best .
What 's less human about that than if I had taken years and years to just compose the whole thing myself ? "
A lot , apparently .
Because EMI is just a computer program , Cope needed musicians to play the pieces that EMI had created .
A number of big - name classical performers expressed interest , but their agents would n't let them touch it with a ten - foot pole , citing industry controversy over Cope 's work .
" They thought it would blemish the name of the performer , " Cope said .
Apparently , the number of negative reactions " far outweighed " the number of positive ones .
( You can listen to a number of MP3s generated by EMI online . )
The " birth " of Emily Howell
Cope is n't exactly the type of guy who lets detractors get to him .
" I initially get five minutes of anger , and then I 'm immediately back to work again saying ' I 'll show those SOBs . ' "
But instead of improving upon EMI to create something that would please even the most vocal critics , Cope decided to scrap the entire project for something that he thinks is far more controversial .
Around the start of 2003 , Cope decided to take his decades '- worth of musical databases to the virtual dump .
He kept the fruits of EMI 's labor , but not the data that generated those pieces —
" I essentially stopped doing historical replications .
That aspect of my work was finished , " he said .
From there , he created what he describes as the succession of EMI : Emily Howell .
Instead of feeding Emily a database of works that already exist , he gave her a collection of works that EMI had produced to get it going and , from there , she began working on her own musical style .
Cope described Emily 's style to be similar to modern composers , a " sort of an amalgam of all styles " and very contemporary .
But what makes Emily interesting is n't just that ; it 's the fact that she can take audible feedback — musically or verbally — from an audience in order to modify her compositions .
" The program produces something and I say yes or no , and it puts weights on various aspects in order to create that particular version , " said Cope .
" I 've taught the program what my musical tastes are , but it 's not music in the style of any of the styles — it 's Emily 's own style . "
( This is , of course , an extremely simplified explanation of how Emily Howell works .
One of Cope 's many books , Computer Models of Musical Creativity , goes into excruciating detail about how Emily operates if you 're interested in learning more . )
It 's for this reason that Cope believes Emily might — or at least should — be regarded as more controversial than EMI .
" Most living composers feel exempt from the controversy with EMI because their music has n't been affected by the fact that any music that sounds like Mozart is good or bad , " Cope explained .
" Now those same composers are looking at a competitor — a virtual composer competing in the same arena with ' her ' own style and music that is really excellent .
It seems to me that these composers should feel a little less smug and more defensive about their position . "
Whether Emily Howell will generate the same level of attention as EMI remains to be seen , though .
Because " she " basically represents a new composer , much of the world might actually brush it off as just another AI experiment whereas EMI was akin to bringing old composers back from the dead .
Cope does n't care though — it 's all about furthering his research and learning how to challenge common beliefs in new ways .
In fact , he 's already working on his next project .
" I 'm currently writing a book that is attempting to claim that music is a science through mathematics .
It involves game theory to create music , trying to prove that there are aspects of music aside from acoustics and sound itself — that composition is not just inspiration , " he said .
" To me they are as related as anyone can imagine ; when I 'm composing all day , I 'm programming .
When I 'm programming , I 'm composing . "
Those days were rare , however .
Usually when I came home straight from work , there would be people there , and so I 'd have to sneak quietly away .
I 'd set off on a random direction and wander the suburbs for a few hours , eventually circling back home to check again .
Some days I would do this three , four , even five times , not sneaking back in until after midnight when my housemates were asleep .
There was nowhere else for me to spend time .
I had no books to read ( I 'd sold them already ) and I could n't spare the 10 lousy bucks to join the city library .
I had no money to take the bus anywhere , and I did n't even have the spare change to buy a cup of coffee and sit in a coffeehouse all day long .
IRAN halted the publication today of a reformist party newspaper after its defeated presidential candidate said he would refuse to recognise Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election , its website said .
Former parliament speaker Medhi Karroubi said yesterday that the government emerging from the disputed June 12 election was not " legitimate ' ' after Mr Ahmadinejad 's victory was certified by the nation 's top electoral body .
" Last night , after Karroubi 's statement was released , representatives of the Tehran prosecutor and the culture ministry prevented the publication of Etemad Melli newspaper , '' his Etemad Melli party said on its website .
" They wanted the statement censored and not published -- so the newspaper will not be published today , '' it said .
The newspaper is one of the few reformist publications to have survived a crackdown under Ahmadinejad 's rule .
However , it chief editor Mohammad Ghoochani is among scores of reformist leaders and journalists detained in a crackdown by the authorities on opposition activists and protesters in the wake of the disputed election .
Iran warned the opposition on Tuesday it would not tolerate further protests after the official election watchdog , the Guardians Council , upheld Ahmadinejad 's re-election despite complaints of widespread irregularities .
Source : The Australian
THE Australian Federal Police has come under pressure to reveal whether a covert operative was planted in a group of five Melbourne men charged with terrorism offences .
The charges relate to an alleged plot to attack the Holsworthy Army Base in NSW .
It was revealed yesterday that one of the men , Saney Aweys , had been recorded on telephone intercepts expressing his hatred for Australia and people who were not followers of Islam .
Lawyers for the men described the prosecution case as weak .
Under questioning from Aweys ' lawyer , Rob Stary , on the second day of a bail application at Melbourne Magistrates Court , federal agent David Kinton said no civilian witnesses had made statements '' at this stage ' ' .
But when Mr Stary asked if a covert operative had been planted , Mr Kinton hesitated , before replying : '' Can I seek legal advice ? ''
Origami is the traditional Japanese art of paper folding .
The goal of this art is to create a representation of an object using geometric folds and crease patterns preferably without the use of gluing or cutting the paper , and using only one piece of paper .
Won Park is the master of Origami .
He is also called the â€œmoney folderâ€ , a practitioner of origami whose canvas is the United States One Dollar Bill .
Bending , twisting , and folding , Won Park creates life - like shapes inspired by objects living and notâ€ “ both in stunning detail .
One Dollar Koi
One Dollar Butterfly
One Dollar Camera
Two Dollar Battle Tank
Two Dollar Chinese Dragon
One Dollar Construction Machine
One Dollar Crab
One Dollar Dolphin
Two Dollar Jacket
Two Dollar Spider
One Dollar Turkey
One Dollar Scorpion
One Dollar Praying Mantis
One Dollar Bat
One Dollar Toilet Bowl
One Dollar Penguin( Left ) , Two Dollar Angry Bear( Right )
Euro Cockerel Rooster ( Left ) , Euro Eiffel Tower ( Right )
Enterprise Bottom View
Three Dollar Millenium Falcon
Two Dollar Bird of Prey
Dollar Tie Interceptor
Vader ’s Tie and Escorts
Two Dollar X Wing
One Dollar Shark
One Dollar Jet
One Dollar Hammer Head Shark
One Dollar Stag Beetle
One Dollar Stegasaurus
SPIEGEL Interview with Former Army Doctor in Afghanistan ' I Didn't Want to Be Part of This Insane Mission '
Heike Groos , 49 , served several tours as a military physician with the German army in Afghanistan .
In an interview with SPIEGEL , she speaks about how the situation deteriorated to the point of paranoia , her feelings of helplessness in the face of utter destruction and her eventual retirement and nervous breakdown .
The Civil War and Reconstruction Era , 1845 - 1877
Professor David Blight .
Yale University .
Spring 2008 .
Course description :
This course explores the causes , course , and consequences of the American Civil War , from the 1840s to 1877 .
The primary goal of the course is to understand the multiple meanings of a transforming event in American history .
Those meanings may be defined in many ways : national , sectional , racial , constitutional , individual , social , intellectual , or moral .
Four broad themes are closely examined : the crisis of union and disunion in an expanding republic ; slavery , race , and emancipation as national problem , personal experience , and social process ; the experience of modern , total war for individuals and society ; and the political and social challenges of Reconstruction .
Course topics :
Introductions : Why Does the Civil War Era Have a Hold on American Historical Imagination ?
Southern Society : Slavery , King Cotton , and Antebellum America 's " Peculiar " Region .
A Southern World View : the Old South and Proslavery Ideology .
A Northern World View : Yankee Society , Antislavery Ideology and the Abolition Movement .
Telling a Free Story : Fugitive Slaves and the Underground Railroad in Myth and Reality .
Expansion and Slavery : Legacies of the Mexican War and the Compromise of 1850 .
" A Hell of a Storm " : The Kansas - Nebraska Act and the Birth of the Republican Party , 1854 - 55 .
Dred Scott , Bleeding Kansas , and the Impending Crisis of the Union , 1855 - 58 .
John Brown 's Holy War : Terrorist or Heroic Revolutionary ?
The Election of 1860 and the Secession Crisis .
Slavery and State Rights , Economies and Ways of Life : What Caused the Civil War ?
" And the War Came , " 1861 : The Sumter Crisis , Comparative Strategies .
Terrible Swift Sword : The Period of Confederate Ascendency , 1861 - 1862 .
Never Call Retreat : Military and Political Turning Points in 1863 .
Lincoln , Leadership , and Race : Emancipation as Policy .
Days of Jubilee : The Meanings of Emancipation and Total War. Homefronts and Battlefronts : " Hard War " and the Social Impact of the Civil War . " War So Terrible " : Why the Union Won and the Confederacy Lost at Home and Abroad .
To Appomattox and Beyond : The End of the War and a Search for Meanings .
Wartime Reconstruction : Imagining the Aftermath and a Second American Republic .
Andrew Johnson and the Radicals : A Contest over the Meaning of Reconstruction .
Constitutional Crisis and Impeachment of a President .
Black Reconstruction in the South : The Freedpeople and the Economics of Land and Labor. Retreat from Reconstruction : the Grant Era and Paths to " Southern Redemption " .
The " End " of Reconstruction : Disputed Election of 1876 , and the " Compromise of 1877 " .
Race and Reunion : the Civil War in American Memory .
Legacies of the Civil War .
France since 1871
Professor John Merriman .
Yale University .
Fall 2007 .
Course description :
This course covers the emergence of modern France .
Topics include the social , economic , and political transformation of France ; the impact of France 's revolutionary heritage , of industrialization , and of the dislocation wrought by two world wars ; and the political response of the Left and the Right to changing French society .
Course topics :
The Paris Commune and Its Legacy .
Centralized French State and France Republic .
A Nation ?
Peasants , Language , and French Identity .
Workshop and Factory .
The Waning of Religious Authority .
Mass Politics and the Political Challenge from the Left. Dynamite Club : The Anarchists .
General Boulanger and Captain Dreyfus .
Cafés and the Culture of Drink .
Paris and the Belle Époque .
French Imperialism ( Guest Lecture by Charles Keith ) .
The Origins of World War I. Trench Warfare .
The Home Front .
The Great War , Grief , and Memory ( Guest Lecture by Bruno Cabanes ) .
The Popular Front .
The Dark Years : Vichy France .
Resistance .
Battles For and Against Americanization .
Vietnam and Algeria .
Charles De Gaulle .
May 1968 .
Immigration .
Introduction to Ancient Greek History
Professor Donald Kagan .
Yale University .
Fall 2007 .
Course desciption :
This is an introductory course in Greek history tracing the development of Greek civilization as manifested in political , intellectual , and creative achievements from the Bronze Age to the end of the classical period .
Students read original sources in translation as well as the works of modern scholars .
Course topics :
The Dark Ages .
The Rise of the Polis .
The Greek " Renaissance " - Colonization and Tyranny .
Sparta .
The Rise of Athens .
The Persian Wars .
The Athenian Empire .
Athenian Democracy .
The Peloponnesian War . The Struggle for Hegemony in Fourth - Century Greece .
Twilight of the Polis .
Where is China Headed ?
U.S. Ambassador to China Stapleton Roy .
Short lecture overview :
Stapleton says that for China , there are two possible scenarios regarding the economic crisis : either China will weather the crisis pretty well and emerge from it sooner and in better condition than the western countries , or the crisis could exceed the abilitiy of China 's leaders to handle , plunging the country into a serious crisis .
He says he could not predict which scenario is more likely .
A Theory of History , with an Application ( by Paul Romer )
Lecture description :
Paul Romer 's economic theory of history explains phenomena such as the constant improvement of the human standard of living by looking primarily at just two forms of innovative ideas : technology and rules .
Lecture topics :
A Theory of History , with Application .
Theory as a Tool : Why Things Are Getting Better .
What Are Technologies ?
A Theory of Accelerated Progress Overtime .
A History of Manners . Rules of Engagement .
What Came First the Technology or the Rule ?
When Rules Constrict Progress / Change .
Dynamics of History Rules .
What if There Could Be No New Companies ?
A History of World Leaders - Entry , Migration , Copying .
Pennsylvania and the Freedom of Religion .
What if There Were No New Countries ?
Changing the Rules : Creating a Country Without War. Rethinking Sovereignty .
Rethinking Citizenship .
Rethinking Scale .
What If We Needed to House Billions of People ?
An Evolutionary Approach to Financial History
Lecture description :
Professor Niall Ferguson offers an evolutionary approach to financial history .
He questions the impeding of ' natural selection ' by keeping the financial dinosaurs alive through the life support of monetary injections : " without creative destruction , our economic system cannot be a healthy one . "
The view that financial history could be ' evolutionary ' in fact pre-dates Darwin , born 200 years ago this year , but the view has been pushed into the hinterlands of contemporary thinking about the worlds of finance and economics .
Through the publication of his book , The Ascent of Money , Professor Niall Ferguson brought about a timely re-emergence of the evolutionary approach .
By looking at finance along evolutionary lines , we can relate the long run of financial history to recent events and so illuminate them in a way which will perhaps offer us a clearer sight of how we should pull ourselves out of the current economic crisis .
Lecture topics :
A Darwinian Economy .
Darwin's Economic Observation .
Biological and Economical Theories .
Modern Economics .
Trends in the Financial Evolution .
A Short History of Economic .
Biological World vs. Financial World .
Inflation vs. Deflation .
The Sputnik Moment
Video description :
History on how USA changed their education system to create new competitive scientists and engineers who will be able to take USA to the Moon and beyond .
The Myth of the Clash of Civilizations
Lecture description :
It is a hypothesis that the fundamental source of conflict in this new world will not be primarily ideological or primarily economic .
The great divisions among humankind and the dominating source of conflict will be cultural .
Nation states will remain the most powerful actors in world affairs , but the principal conflicts of global politics will occur between nations and groups of different civilizations .
The clash of civilizations will dominate global politics .
The fault lines between civilizations will be the battle lines of the future .
Britain AD ( told by Francis Pryor )
Video description :
Received wisdom tells us that the Romans invaded and brutally suppressed our backward ancestors and that when they left – turning the lights out as they did – we reverted to a state of anarchy , sinking into the Dark Ages until new and more brutal invaders , the Anglo - Saxons , swept everything away again and reintroduced order .
However , according to archaeologist and best - selling author Francis Pryor , received wisdom could not be more wrong .
In the follow - up to his hugely successful Britain BC , which offered a radical reinterpretation of pre-Roman Britain , he looks at the myths we too readily accept as our history .
The truth , he says , is far more complicated .
In this three - part series , he uncovers the continuous culture that , rather than being destroyed by these outside forces , absorbed them and was strengthened by them .
Drawing on new archaeological evidence that confounds traditional views of Britain as a powerless bunch of warring barbarian tribes , he discovers a far more interesting story , one that puts the continuing energy of the ancient Britons at its core .
At the heart of Pryor 's search is the mysterious figure of King Arthur .
In the Arthurian story of the lady in the lake , he finds clues that indicate lasting rituals and customs that link pre-Roman Britain to the Middle Ages , adding weight to his argument for a strong British culture that endured the influence of outsiders .
This was not a country whose heritage was disappearing under the yoke of oppression , argues Pryor , but one whose unique characteristics endured and shaped the nation for centuries to come .
History of Silicon Valley ( by Steve Blank )
Lecture description :
American Economic History ( Economics 113 , UC Berkeley )
Course topics :
Amerindians , Conquistadores , Explorers , Settlers , and Empires .
Colonists , 1600 - 1776 .
Slavery and Its Legacy , 1600 - 1929 .
Government , 1600 - 1870 .
Farms , 1600 - 1929 .
Technologies , Factories , and Trade , 1870 - 1929 .
Workers , Unions , and Government , 1870 - 1929 .
Depressions and Panics , 1840 - 1933 .
The New Deal , 1933 - 1941 .
World War II and Cold War , 1941 - 1956 .
Mass Production , 1910 - 1980 .
Workers , Unions , and Wage Compression , 1929 - 1975 .
Focus on Women , 1870 - present .
Focus on African - Americans , 1900 - present .
Focus on Immigrants , 1870 - present .
Stabilization , Full Employment , and Inflation , 1950 - present .
Why Was America so Successful ?
Looking South .
Why Has There Been so Little Social Democracy in the United States ?
Looking East .
The End of the American Dream ?
The Productivity Slowdown and the Inflation of the 1970s .
The End of the American Dream ?
The Great Widening .
Breakdown of the New Deal Order .
The Productivity Speedup of the 1990s .
Resources , Suburbs , Global Warming : Limits ? - Podcast Not Available .
Related Posts
History Video and Audio Lectures
( They include : American Environmental and Cultural History .
World Regions , Peoples , and States .
European Civilization from the Renaissance to the Present .
History of Information .
12 Byzantine Rulers : The History of The Byzantine Empire .
Abraham Lincoln 's Invention of Presidential War Powers .
Dinosaur Research in the 21st Century .
Double Restoration : Berlin after 1945 .
And many others . )
This month I have prepared something special - a bunch of various history video lectures !
They include : civil war history , french history , ancient greek history , china history , theory of history , financial history , american economic history , early british history , and history of silicon valley .
How much do you know about the history of the place he works in ?
Silicon Valley .
Come and test your knowledge .
Even seasoned Silicon Valley veterans will find this story interesting .
Silicon Valley entrepreneur Steve Blank will talk about how World War II set the stage for the creation and explosive growth of Silicon Valley , and the role of Frederick Terman and Stanford in working with government agencies ( including the CIA and the National Security Agency ) to set up companies in this area that sparked the creation of hundreds of other enterprises .
Have fun with these lectures !
Ch Insp Baldwin pleaded not guilty to fraud charges
A senior police officer from Essex pleaded not guilty to three counts of fraud when he appeared in court .
Ch Insp Jonathan Baldwin , 41 , appeared at Ipswich Crown Court in Suffolk charged with fraud relating to false mileage claims .
The court heard he was accused of making " a false representation to Essex Constabulary , which was untrue or might be misleading " .
He was released on bail until his trial at Ipswich Crown Court in December .
Advertisements
On CNN today Rick Sanchez blasted Fox News today for running a full page ad in some of the biggest newspapers in the country that claimed that the other news networks did not cover 9/12 protests .
Sanchez broke out the tape to show CNN covering the protest .
Sanchez also pointed out the picture in the ad belonged to CNN .
Sanchez even pointed out that Bill O’Reilly showed CNN ’s coverage .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Sanchez said , “ Here is the fact we covered the event .
What we did n’t do is promote the event .
Just like when thousands marched on Washington to protest the war in Iraq , we covered it as well , probably less than we covered this event , but we did n’t promote it .
Bottom line is we do cover the news , and we did extensively cover this event .
We did n’t promote the event .
That ’s not what real news organizations are supposed to do .
We covered the event .
I would invite you to look into that distinction between those two words , promote and cover .
Cover is kind of like a fair and balanced way of doing things .
You get it ?
You might want to look into that .
It ’s about letting Americans make up their own minds . ”
Sanchez continued , “ Let me cut to the chase .
When thousands of Americans showed up at the nation ’s capitol to protest big government , we covered it with four correspondents , two satellite trucks , multiple live interviews , lawmakers on the record , and conversations with attendees .
By the way , we ’ve put a call into Fox News for a comment , and we expect an apology , but we ’re still waiting .
Let me address the Fox News Network now , perhaps the most current way that I can , by quoting somebody who recently used a very pithy phrase .
Two words that ’s all I need .
You lie . ”
This is not the first time that Fox News has misled about CNN ’s coverage .
The network has done it , and Bill O’Reilly has too .
Sanchez brought up an excellent point that real news organizations cover news .
They do n’t promote .
Rick Sanchez is the most effective media personality when it comes to rebutting Fox News , because he builds his case through video .
He lets viewers see with their own eyes where FNC is wrong .
However , if I was Sanchez and CNN I would n’t hold my breath waiting for that apology .
( incoporates JAPAN - POLITICS/CLIMATE )
TOKYO , Sept 20 ( Reuters ) - Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama will unveil a plan to support developing countries in technology and funding to fight climate change at a U.N. meeting this week , Japan 's environment minister said on Sunday .
Speaking ahead of Hatoyama's U.S. trip , Sakihito Ozawa also said Japan would work towards its own bold goals to cut greenhouse gas emissions by outlining the economic rewards of shifting to clean energy to persuade firms wary of initial costs .
" The ' Hatoyama Initiative ' will be announced at the United Nations , and everyone should have high hopes for this , " Ozawa told reporters .
Hatoyama said this month the initiative would provide financial and technological support to developing nations working proactively to reduce emissions , but has not made clear what funds or the sort of technology would be provided .
[ ID :nT38860 ]
Japan 's government , which took office last week , is aiming to play a bigger negotiating role in U.N. - backed talks in December for a new agreement on reducing emissions to replace the Kyoto Protocol , the first phase of which ends in 2012 .
[ ID : nT104080 ]
The talks have run into deadlock on issues such as sharing out curbs on greenhouse gases among rich and poor nations , and raising funds to help developing countries tackle global warming .
Ozawa declined to elaborate on the new scheme for developing countries , but hoped it would be an incentive for big emerging economies such as China and India to join a new climate agreement .
NEED TO PERSUADE BUSINESS , HOUSEHOLDS
Developing countries have insisted that industrialised countries shoulder most of the cost of resolving a problem they caused in the first place .
" I think the Hatoyama Initiative will be one big tool , " said Ozawa , who will join Hatoyama this week for the U.N. meeting of world leaders on climate change and a G20 summit of leading and emerging economies in Pittsburgh .
A former banker and an expert on economic policy , Ozawa said he would also work at home to persuade businesses and the public to build towards a target of cutting emissions by 25 percent by 2020 from 1990 levels .
The target , much tougher than the previous government 's , faces resistance from industry as Japan emerges from its deepest postwar recession .
Media have stressed the burden on households to install new equipment such as solar panels .
[ ID : nT104080 ]
" I want to outline an ( economic ) model that shows that climate change is not necessarily negative for the economy , but that it could rather be a driver for growth , " he said .
He said he hoped to draft a plan outlining the economic model within the next two months .
Details on policies , including an environment tax , to help Japan meet its new emissions reduction target would be subject to discussion with other cabinet ministers , Ozawa said .
The new government is also planning to launch a domestic emissions trading market with compulsory volume caps on emitters , although details such as which sectors will be covered have yet to be thrashed out .
[ ID : nT152239 ] ( Editing by Ron Popeski )
There are at least four different Blackwood collections ( two of them Penguins ) entitled " Ancient Sorceries and ... " , all with different contents :
9 stories : isbn 0142180157 Ancient Sorceries & other Weird Stories ed S. T. Joshi - Penguin 2002 .
Contains Smith : An episode in a Lodging - House / The Willows / The Insanity of Jones / Ancient Sorceries / The Man Who Found Out / The Wendigo / The Glamour of the Snow / The Man Whom the Tress Loved / Sand
Also isbn 142093368X published by " Author House " seems to be a pirate edition of the Joshi collection , with the same 9 stories
.
----------------------------
6 stories ( Empty House & 5 others ) isbn 0140029044 Ancient Sorceries & other Stories - Penguin 1974 .
The Empty House ; A Haunted Island ; Keeping His Promise ; A Case of Eavesdropping ; The Nemesis of Fire
Also isbn 0755107888 AS
& other Stories - House of Stratus 2001 ( same as 1974 Penguin ) - Empty House ; Haunted Island ; Keeping the Promise ; Case of Eavesdropping ; Ancient Sorceries ; Nemesis of Fire
Also isbn 174121128X AS
& other Stories - Redwood 2004 ( probaby the same as Penguin 1974 and House of Stratus 2001 )
7 stories ( The Wendigo & 6 others ) isbn 1907429859 Ancient Sorceries & other Chilling Tales - Capuchin Classics , 2013 : The Willows , Ancient Sorceries , The Wendigo , {four others}
--------------------------
Original edition , 6 stories ( The Willows & 5 others ) Ancient Sorceries & other Tales - Collins , 1927 - Ancient Sorceries ; The Willows ; The Return ; Running Wolf ; The Man Whom the Trees Loved ; The Man who Played Upon the Leaf .
-------------------------------------------
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and her husband , Todd , rushed to deny stories of marital strife today after bloggers ignited an Internet firestorm over divorce rumors .
Two Alaska bloggers posted items attributed to unnamed sources that the couple would divorce .
Divorce was expected after infidelities on both sides , the bloggers claimed .
Palin has been the subject of gossip since abruptly stepping down from office last month , said one local source .
Palin attorney Thomas Van Flein blasted the “ vicious ” rumor as totally false .
“ I spoke to Sarah and Todd this morning .
They are not getting a divorce , ” he said in a press release .
And a statement on Palin ’s Facebook page said the Palins “ remain married [ and ] committed to each other and their family . ”
By the Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation
September 27 , 2009 --
The following appeared as the editorial in the July 2009 issue of Liberation , the central organ of Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) – CPI ( ML ) .
Since then , while the paramilitary campaign in Lalgarh has ended , repression against the adivasi ( tribal ) people of Lalgarh continues , with incidents of rape and violence reported .
It must be remembered that the People ’s Committee against Police Atrocities ( PCPA ) began in Lalgarh after adivasi women were sexually assaulted by police during an anti-Maoist raid ; one woman was blinded .
The state government of West Bengal [ formed by the pro-business Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) - led Left Front ] initiated an enquiry that established the assaults had taken place – but only offered some monetary ``compensation ’’ to some of the victims , refusing to meet their demand of punishment for , and a public apology by , the police authorities concerned .
More recently , in the name of an offensive against ``Maoism ’’ , a paramilitary offensive has been launched in Bastar in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh .
A CPI ( ML ) statement on this is also below .
At the same time , Chhatradhar Mahato , leader of the People ’s Committee against Police Atrocities , has just been arrested , although he continues to vehemently deny being a Maoist . )
* * *
A concerted paramilitary campaign is now underway in Lalgarh and surrounding areas in the tribal - dominated western region of West Bengal [ 1 ] bordering Jharkhand and Orissa , ostensibly to flush out Maoists and restore the authority of the state .
The campaign though being carried out by the state government is being actively guided and sponsored by the Union Home Ministry [ of the Indian government ] .
The Union Home Minister has warned that the operation may take longer than expected and has appealed to political leaders and civil society organisations not to visit Lalgarh while the operation is on .
Mamata Banerjee [ 2 ] has called for declaring the three districts of West Medinipur , Bankura and Purulia a disturbed area .
The Union Home Ministry has meanwhile included the CPI ( Maoist ) in the list of unlawful associations under the recently amended Unlawful Activities ( Prevention ) Act .
Union Home Minister P. Chidambaram ’s appeal against civilian visits to Lalgarh , coming apparently after a group of Left Front MPs wrote to the prime minister seeking his personal intervention to this effect , clearly shows that the government wants to keep the operation beyond the purview of public scrutiny .
This is as good as an indirect admission about the real nature and purpose of Operation Lalgarh – a brutal war on the adivasis who had been offering such a determined resistance to state repression .
In the absence of independent investigations , the actual extent of casualties and injuries inflicted by the ongoing operation is not really known .
But hundreds of people have already been forced to flee and there are disturbing reports that the paramilitary forces are forcing local adivasi youth under duress to locate mines and explosives – under threat that they will be arrested as ``Maoists ’’ if they refuse .
Lalgarh had first shot into national prominence in November [ 2008 ] when the local adivasis in their thousands revolted against police atrocities following an unsuccessful Maoist mine attack targeting the West Bengal chief minister ’s cavalcade .
The resistance has since continued unabated , and during the recent elections the state had to negotiate with the People ’s Committee against Police Atrocities ( PCPA ) which is spearheading the resistance , for setting up polling booths outside the resistance area .
The state was obviously waiting for an opportune moment and pretext for a crackdown .
The opportunity came when Lalgarh recently erupted again against provocations by local Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) leaders .
Maoists made tall claims regarding their leading role in the Lalgarh resistance and dared the state to intervene .
At the heart of it , Lalgarh is a typical adivasi revolt against repression and injustice .
The entire history of our anti-colonial struggle is replete with many such instances and the Indian state today has no problem recognising the leaders of those revolts as popular heroes .
In the eyes of the oppressed and deprived tribal people the Indian state in all these years has not really changed much and retains many of the colonial era trappings of utter insensitivity and unbridled brutality .
But when the inheritors of Birsa Munda , Sidho - Kanu and Tilka Manjhi [ 3 ] revolt against this contemporary reality , our post - colonial democratic system knows no other way but to declare a virtual war on these seekers of justice .
It should be noted that the allegations of police atrocities made by the PCPA have been found to be true by a senior official of the West Bengal government ( Backward Classes Welfare Secretary R.D. Meena ) but instead of taking adequate corrective measures as demanded by the PCPA the West Bengal government has only announced meagre compensation of only a few thousand rupees to the 11 women victims of police repression !
For the Indian government and its belligerent home minister , who managed to win the recent election by administratively converting defeat into victory , Lalgarh is a test case to unleash a new pattern of governance in which paramilitary forces will become the custodian of constitutional niceties .
There is also the larger political game plan to trap the ruling Left Front of West Bengal in an increasingly repressive role while the Congress party plays the benefactor and monopolises the mask of welfare measures !
For the people of West Bengal , Operation Lalgarh is a political eye - opener .
During the recent elections , Mamata Banerjee claimed to champion the cause of the struggles in Singur , Nandigram and Lalgarh , and the local Trinamool Congress ( TMC ) says the Maoists need to be politically isolated from the people they are mobilising , even as West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee [ 4 ] demands more central forces and Sitaram Yechury [ 5 ] asks the prime minister to demonstrate his seriousness in tackling what his government claims to be the biggest threat to internal security !
On the one hand , the government spearheads a paramilitary operation , and the MPs seek personal intervention of the prime minister to prevent political leaders from visiting the operation area , and on the other hand the party talks of fighting a political battle against Maoists !
If the CPI ( M ) thinks that all this can be justified by invoking the party - government distinction and that the centre - state or Congress - CPI ( M ) cooperation in ``restoring the authority of the state ’’ in Lalgarh could help check the TMC ’s advance , it is only deceiving itself .
As for the Maoists , they have only once again demonstrated the incompatibility of their ideas and actions with the needs of any radical people ’s movement .
With their penchant for exclusive and sensational military actions and aversion to the mass political process , they ultimately only produce a dampening and disruptive effect on any powerful people ’s movement while letting the Mamata Banerjees reap the political benefit of people ’s struggles and sacrifices .
We join the democratic opinion of the country and the justice - loving people of Lalgarh to demand an immediate end to the paramilitary offensive , withdrawal of paramilitary forces and a negotiated resolution of the conflict through fulfilment of the just demands of the Lalgarh people and quick redressing of all their long - standing grievances .
We also do not support the idea of banning the CPI ( Maoist ) as a terrorist organisation .
The Maoists are anyway an underground organisation and the experience of states like Chhattisgarh and Orissa , where they have been banned for years , clearly shows that the ban has been ineffective from the point of view of checking Maoist military actions .
The ban is actually a weapon to terrorise the common people and stifle the democratic voice of protest .
The case of Dr. Binayak Sen is a clear instance and for every Binayak Sen case that comes to the limelight , there are always hundreds of lesser - known activists and ordinary men and women whose human rights continue to be brutally trampled upon .
Victory to Lalgarh ’s glorious battle for dignity and justice !
Halt paramilitary offensive in Chhattisgarh
Statement issued by CPI ( ML ) Central Committee , September 20 , 2009
Halt ``Operation Green Hunt'' .
War on the people cannot bring peace to Bastar .
Disbanding Salwa Judum and ensuring rights of adivasi people is the only road to peace .
The paramilitary offensive launched in Bastar by CoBRA [ 6 ] battalions along with state police is a matter of grave concern for all those who seek the return of peace in the region .
The experience of counter - insurgency offensives in other parts of the country , as well as that of the past few years in Chhattisgarh itself , have clearly shown that paramilitary ``cleansing operations ’’ never bring peace or end militancy .
In effect , such operations have invariably spelt a war on the people , with mass - scale violations of human rights , and have been quite ineffective in checking military actions by Maoists or insurgent groups .
The Indian government , by sponsoring a militaristic offensive in Bastar and backing up the Chhattisgarh government in the patronage of a private militia ( the Salwa Judum [ 7 ] ) , is not even heeding the recommendations of the expert committee appointed by the Planning Commission [ 8 ] .
In its report submitted in early 2008 , this committee had explicitly counselled against ineffective militaristic solutions , pointing instead to the need to address the “ socio-economic malaise ” caused by the state ’s failure to ensure basic constitutional entitlements to the poorest and most deprived of people .
In a highly irresponsible manner , the [ Indian government ’s ]
Home Ministry is accompanying its offensive with screaming ads displaying photographs claimed to be victims of ``naxalites ’’ who , the ad claims are “ nothing , but cold - blooded murderers ” .
Civilian killings by Maoists are indefensible .
But killings of innocents by the state , in order to brand them as extremists in death , is surely a far more heinous offence .
The Home Ministry is silent on the numerous ``encounters ’’ in Bastar , where villagers have identified the victims as innocent adivasis rather than ``dreaded naxalites ’’.
The Ishrat Jehan [ 9 ] case has emphasised that ``encounters ’’ which are yet to proved genuine by a judicial enquiry are all too likely to be fake .
Are fake encounters not cold - blooded murders ?
An estimated 2 lakh adivasi people of Bastar have been rendered homeless since the launch of the Salwa Judum offensive in 2005 .
There have been several charges of rape and looting against leaders of the Salwa Judum .
What passes for the ``counterinsurgency ’’ operation in Chhattisgarh is clearly nothing but a war on the people .
The only road to peace in Bastar , in this situation , can be for the state and central governments to immediately put an end to the war on the people by private militia ( Salwa Judum ) and paramilitary ; to ensure the return of the displaced adivasis to their villages ; and guarantee of their rights to land , livelihood and life .
Gaddafi is set to put forward his plans to eradiate the Alpine state when Libya officially takes over the annual presidency of the UN General Assembly on September 15 , the Daily Mail newspaper reported .
Relations between Switzerland and Libya have been tense since Gaddafi 's son and his son’s wife were arrested and accused of assaulting a hotel chambermaid in Geneva a year ago .
Even though the complaint was dropped and the couple released on bail , Gaddafi withdraw $ 5 billion from Swiss bank accounts , closed Swiss business in Libya and arrested Swiss nationals in the country .
Gaddafi first mentioned his plans to get rid of Switzerland at the G8 summit in Italy in July , the report said .
" Switzerland is a world mafia and not a state , " he said , according to the Daily Mirror newspaper .
A spokesperson for the United Nations told CNBC.com that no official filing had been received from Gaddafi .
A spokesperson for the Libyan government was not immediately available to comment to CNBC.com .
Alternative titles Information from the Polish Common Knowledge .
Edit to localize it to your language .
Czarnoksiężnik z Archipelagu
Original publication date
Important events
Epigraph
Only in silence the word ,
only in dark the light ,
only in dying life :
bright the hawk 's flight
on the empty sky .
— The Creation of Éa
Dedication
To my brothers
Clifton , Ted , Karl
First words
The island of Gont , a single mountain that lifts its peak a mile above the storm - racked Northeast Sea , is a land famous for wizards .
Quotations
The wise man is one who never sets himself apart from other living things , whether they have speech or not , and in later years he strove long to learn what can be learned , in silence , from the eyes of animals , the flight of birds , the great slow gestures of trees .
It is very hard for evil to take hold of the unconsenting soul .
Last words
But in the Deed of Ged nothing is told of that voyage nor of Ged 's meeting with the shadow , before ever he sailed the Dragons '
Run unscathed , or brought back the Ring of Erreth - Akbe from the Tombs of Atuan to Havnor , or came at last to Roke once more , as Archmage of all the islands of the world .
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice
Publisher 's editors
Blurbers
Nylander Breaks Silence
By now , some of you may have read Michael Nylander 's comments in an article published today in Sweden in which the veteran center is quoted as saying Boudreau " told me I was n't good enough . "
Japers ' Rink has a good translation of the interview here .
I 've put in calls to Nylander 's agent ( Nylander gave the interview in Stockholm ) and Coach Bruce Boudreau ( who 's in Toronto ) to see what they 've got to say about the comments .
We 'll see where this thing goes , but Nylander has finally decided to break his silence about his situation in Washington after declining to discuss the matter during the playoffs .
Monetizing Debt : The Grandest of Larcenies
“ Either cuts in spending or increases in taxes will be necessary to stabilize the fiscal situation , ” said Ben Bernanke in response to a question posed by a member of Congress .
Then , he added …
“ The Federal Reserve will not monetize the debt . ”
That last sentence has a ring to it .
It reminds us of Richard Nixon ’s “ I am not a crook . ”
Surely , it is destined to make its way into the history books , alongside Bill Clinton ’s “ I did not have sex with that woman ” and the builder of the Titanic ’s “ even God himself could n’t sink this ship . ”
Monetizing the debt is precisely what the Fed will do .
But it will not do so precisely .
Instead , it will act clumsily … reluctantly … incompetently … accidentally …and finally , catastrophically .
That ’s our prediction , here at The Daily Reckoning .
Prove us wrong !
In today ’s reckoning we describe why you do n’t have to be an astrologer or an economist ( the two are similar … except the astrologers have more professional credibility ) to see what is coming .
First , a look at the market .
Yesterday , investors seemed to think it over and change their minds .
Their first reaction – on Wednesday – to Geithner ’s reassurances to the Chinese and Bernanke ’s reassurances to Americans was positive .
“ Maybe these guys are on the level , after all , ” they said to themselves .
“ Maybe the dollar wo n’t fall apart . ”
But after 24 hours of deep reflection and heavy drinking they came to their senses : “ What was I thinking ?
Of course they ’re going to undermine the dollar … what else can they do ? ”
So yesterday they were back at it – buying assets that are priced in dollars but that move in the opposite direction .
The euro went right back to where it was at the beginning of the week , at $ 1.41 .
Gold , which had lost $ 18 on Wednesday , recovered $ 16 on Thursday .
Oil had slipped $ 2 after Bernanke ’s comments ; yesterday , it gained $ 2 .
Stocks rose too – with the Dow up 79 points .
A friend sent a recent report from analysts with Barclays Bank .
Barclays is advising private clients that the “ bear market is probably over . ”
Anything is possible , of course .
But for the many reasons we ’ve described in these reckonings we doubt that we ’ve seen the last of this bear .
Or the last of this recession .
What we ’ve seen so far is merely a classic post - crash bounce .
Nothing more .
Which is WHY the Fed will eventually monetize the debt .
“ Monetizing ” debt , by the way , is larceny on the grandest scale .
Rather than honestly repaying what it has borrowed , a government merely prints up extra currency and uses it to pay its loans .
The debt is “ monetized ” … transformed into an increase in the money supply , thereby lowering the purchasing power of everybody ’s savings .
Of course , the Fed will not want to do such a dastardly deed ; but it will do it anyway .
Even good people do bad things when they get in a jamb .
The feds are already in pretty deep … and they ’re going a lot deeper .
The European Central Bank came out yesterday and said that its forecasts for the recession were on the low side .
Instead of putting total output back 3.5 % this year – as it had estimated in March – it now thinks the setback will be between 4 % and 5 % of GDP .
Unlike Japan ’s slump of the ’90s and ’00s , this depression is worldwide .
Americans are n’t buying like they used to .
So , foreigners are n’t selling .
Everyone gets poorer as expected income and profits disappear …and turn into losses .
Meanwhile , in America , today ’s jobs report shows that unemployment is still on the rise .
People without jobs ca n’t buy stuff – neither the kind of stuff you get at the grocery store … nor the kind of stuff you get from real estate agents .
Since they do n’t buy stuff , manufacturers do n’t make stuff .
And since they do n’t make stuff , they do n’t need the stuff that stuff is made of , nor the employees who turn the raw stuff into the finished stuff .
Result : the stuffing gets knocked out of the economy .
Also , while Tim and Ben reassure investors , long bond yields go up .
The Chinese have shifted from buying long bonds to buying short bills .
This causes the return on bills to go down , but it pushes up yields on the 30 - year bond … to which long - term fixed - rate mortgages are calibrated .
Last week , according to Freddie Mac , the average 30 - year mortgage had a fixed rate of 4.9 % .
This week it ’s 5.27 % .
At the margin – which is where most people live – this extra cost of financing pinches would - be homeowners .
Either they buy a smaller house …or they pay less for it .
It also pinches anyone who needs to refinance – which includes not only sub - prime borrowers , but many others too .
MSN Money reports :
“ The next group of Americans to lose their homes seemed to have good credit and affordable loans .
But those families have been walloped by the recession .
“ In the housing market , a lot of prime mortgages are becoming subprime as a new wave of foreclosures begins to hit .
Mainstream homeowners – those previously ‘ safe ’ borrowers with sound credit who have conservative , fixed - rate mortgages – are getting into trouble at an alarming rate .
“ In the first quarter , the percentage of these borrowers who were behind on their mortgages or in foreclosure had doubled from a year earlier , to nearly 6 % .
For the first time in the housing crisis , these homeowners accounted for the largest share of new foreclosures .
“ Job losses are a major reason once - safe borrowers are falling into trouble .
With unemployment likely to rise , the problem will only get worse .
So the core challenge at the heart of our economic crunch – a poor housing market that infects banks and the whole credit system – is not going away soon .
That ’s bad news for the stock market and the economy in general .
“ ‘A couple of months ago , a lot of people had hoped that the housing collapse was about over , ’ says money manager and forecaster Gary Shilling , a well - known bear who called the housing problems early in the cycle .
‘ But it was more hope than reality . ’
“ Economists call rising delinquencies and foreclosures among prime borrowers the third wave of trouble .
The first two waves were housing speculators going bust and subprime borrowers – those with poor credit histories and some version of no - down or low - down adjustable - rate mortgages – getting into trouble .
“ Mark Zandi , the chief economist for Moody ’s Economy.com , calls the third wave a ‘ significant threat ’ to the economy .
‘“ It is gathering momentum , ’ he says .
‘ The problem is now well beyond subprime and deep into prime . ’ ”
Following this article was a series of comments .
One , filed on Wednesday , was particularly interesting :
“ This is my world crashing down on me .
I own apartments and I rent to poor people .
I more than most know what people are experiencing .
While my properties are struggling , the income they generate has not dropped significantly to threaten the payment of any loan .
Unfortunately , my loans are due this year and I am simply unable to borrow money to replace the loans I am currently servicing successfully .
What can I do ?
All my capital reserves are gone , but effectively , I am losing my job because the banking system and market will not allow me to borrow money .
If you bought my property today at the current market rate , your cash on cash return would be over 15 % .
This type of return in the Atlanta Real Estate market has not been seen in decades .
When employment growth rises in Atlanta in 12 to 24 months , the cash on cash return will be over 20 % .
I probably will not survive .
I will lose everything , my house , my business and my savings .
I will have to start all over … ”
Now , dear reader , we ask you a question :
Is a politician from either party willing to stand in front of this man and tell him that interest rates are going up ?
Or how about telling him that Congress is raising his taxes ?
Even if the goal were only to balance the budget ten years from now , it would take a permanent , across - the - board tax increase of 60 % to do so .
( See below … )
Would any politician in his right mind vote for such an increase ?
Ben Bernanke talks about cuts in spending and tax increases .
But Bernanke is not up for election .
Besides , practically every economist in the country in telling Congress it needs to spend MORE money , not less .
Cut spending and increase taxes in a recession ?
Are you kidding ?
We are in a serious , multi - year depression .
No increase in taxes and no decrease in spending will be seriously considered until we are out of it .
But if it follows the patterns of the past , then genuine , durable healthy growth will probably not return for many years … maybe 5 … maybe 10 … maybe 20 .
Long before then the US will have too much debt to carry … let alone pay back .
It will have no choice but to “ monetize ” this debt by means of inflation .
We ’ll tell you more of the HOW … on Monday .
Wolf , Doom , Quake and now Rage .
If ever you could pinpoint a company 's ethos with its game titles , surely you can with id .
They want to rock you , scare you , throw you around and pull you into the worlds they craft .
And it 's no accident that id 's previous series have become genre - defining experiences – these are tightly constructed works of programming and design ; a marriage of cinematic direction techniques and the tightest possible gameplay .
If that sounds like a lot of hyperbole , just remind yourself of how you felt the first time you saw Doom or Quake – or even the teaser video for Rage .
Understand , after walking out of a 45 - minute behind - closed - doors session with Rage recently , we understood how id continues to forge ahead in a genre that always seems to teeter on the edge of banality : by looking backwards .
Buzzwords for Fun and Profit
Welcome+to+id's+wasteland+-+no+day/night+cycles+-+just+complete+creative+control+of+how+you+experience+its+next+shooter .
id 's Design Ethic
By+utilizing +Megatexture+technology+and+controlling+HDR+lighting,+tonality+and+depth-of-field,+id+hopes+each+player+'feels'+what+was+intended+by+the+design+team .
In an industry that loves its buzzwords , id are just as prone to their headline - grabbing ability .
Id Tech 5 , as its ' known ( a follow - on from id Tech 4 , used on Doom 3 ) , is about as close to hands - off content creation as the developer comes these days .
John Carmack , Rage 's Technical Director , is spearheading an internal movement towards improving the way in which engines handle textures – reducing the need for repeating textures , which in turn gives birth to environments that look stunningly realistic – without the need to significantly boost polygon rendering techniques .
The results speak for themselves – but the implications for game design are far more interesting and subtle .
Speaking with Tim Willits , Creative Director on Rage , he describes id Tech 5 as fundamental to their design process these days .
" The cornerstone of id Tech 5 is megatexture technology ; it allows us to make the entire world unique and different .
The days of ' space station followed by space station followed by space station ' are a thing of the past .
"
The most direct impact is that id Tech 5 takes the pressure off of artists and environmental artists who , these days , seem to be running on a treadmill of ever - increasing geometric complexity as the defining visual trait .
Texture effects and clever use of shading and lighting can take the emphasis off complex geometry , which in turn helps designers craft less processor - intensive environments .
It might seem obvious in some ways , but the best way to ensure a cohesive and persistent design ethic in a game is to not take short - cuts ; specifically , seeking to hand - animate over simulate or hand - populate a landscape over organically generating trees and rocks .
And yet , a growing number of developers out there are opting to save time and man-power by relegating some of what used to be essential design work to middleware tools that generate a landscape based on logic and equations .
" Doom , Quake , Wolfenstein – they 're all very id , " reflects Willits .
" We knew we had to do something different – so why not do something very different ?
" What id is doing with Rage is returning to the traditional method of creating a game world ; intricately crafting every part of the open - world game environment – from the angle of elevation on a rocky cliff - face to the stitch - work steel and iron of Crazy Joe 's Shack .
If Rage bears more than a passing resemblance to two other games – Fallout 3 and Borderlands – it may come as a surprise to you that all three titles were started at about the same time , according to Gearbox President , Randy Pitchford .
" It 's really interesting , right – Bethesda , id , Gearbox – all touching this kind of look and feel , and we have this very distinct look and feel to it .
And we did n't copy each other – we all started these projects at about the same time . "
Inflation jumped slightly more than expected last month , mainly as a result of an uptick in energy prices , adding to the arguments over President Obama ’s economic policies and cutting into the spending power of consumers who are struggling with stagnant wages and rising unemployment .
The government reported Wednesday that so - called core inflation , which excludes volatile energy and food prices , rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 % in June from the prior month and a modest 1.7 % from a year earlier .
The rise was small enough to lend support to Obama ’s staunch view that high levels of federal spending are needed to stimulate economic recovery and pose no immediate threat of runaway inflation .
At the same time , the monthly increase was also one - tenth of a percentage point higher than most analysts had forecast , which inflation hawks are likely to seize on as supporting their concern .
Advertisement
Beyond the political debate , the report suggests that the risk of deflation -- a general downward spiral in prices and economic activity -- is waning .
“ One month does n’t make a big deal , but this is continuing a pattern in which we see persistence rather than the beginning of a meaningful decline ” in inflation , Laurence H. Meyer , chairman of forecasting firm Macroeconomic Advisers , said of the June report .
“ It will renew the sense of inflation angst . ”
Other analysts , though , said the June data suggested that consumer prices were not accelerating enough to cause serious inflation concerns -- and were within the comfort range for the Federal Reserve , which is trying to balance the risks of inflation with its efforts to promote economic growth .
Overall , consumer prices for goods and services in June rose 0.7 % from May , with higher gasoline prices accounting for more than 80 % of that gain , the Labor Department said .
Advertisement
From its June 2008 level , however , the consumer price index was down 1.4 % , the largest 12 - month decline in nearly six decades .
Pump prices have eased since spiking in early June , and hence consumer prices overall are expected to trend lower this month , with the core inflation rate remaining steady .
Still , even small price increases will cut into the spending power of workers whose earnings have flattened as unemployment has surged .
In June , average weekly earnings , seasonally adjusted , fell 1.2 % from May after taking into account inflation and reduced work hours , the department said in a separate report Wednesday .
Advertisement
“ Consumers are going to be under pressure , ” said Jared Franz , an economist at T. Rowe Price Group in Baltimore .
But he said things were still looking brighter than in the fourth quarter of last year .
Based on nonfarm payroll data , average weekly earnings , before adjustments for inflation and seasonal variations , were $ 609.37 in June , compared with $ 613.80 a year earlier .
--
don.lee@latimes.com
Here is the future of Cloud Computing – Run Windows 7 on iPhone , run as a thin client .
Wyse released PocketCloud iPhone application that features a RDP 6 client ( Windows 7 compatible ) for iPhone / iPod Touch with one very unique Feature - VMware View 3.1 support , making it a perfect Thin -OS .
Till this app was released , I used iRdesktop for RDP , which is a capable and free RDP client that has done everything one needs .
The problem with most RDP clients is that the mouse is very hard and cumbersome to use .
Common iPhone gestures ( pinch to zoom , for instance ) make it a bit easier to navigate , but that alone makes it only barely useable .
Thanks toWyse , this problem is solved .
They have developed a new interface for the mouse pointer that allows users to make it finally do - able from iPhone / iPod Touch .
My first reaction was “ Wow … why such a great idea was left un - discovered till now ” .
To pretend mouse moves , you have to simple move the large circular cursor around until you get to the area you want , then select the object of interest from the floating icons around the large cursor .
And the good part , gestures still work , as does the “ exact tapping ” method , should you choose to keep it .
The RDP client portion is simple and clean , and let ’s come to the interesting part .
VMware client
The VMware View is indeed a great value add .
It ’s easy to use , but one huge feature is missing : TCX rich multimedia support .
The app is branded as being “ Certified VMware Ready , ” and Wyse is obviously tight with VMware since TCX is built in to View , but they also have a pretty tight relationship with Citrix .
Resolutions and Layout :
The App lets you choose various resolutions both landscape and portrait :
Thin -Browser :
Thin -Browser is a feature that allows server - side web browsing with support for Flash , Java , and Silverlight by presenting what amounts to a seamless Internet Explorer session that has been formatted for the iPhone .
Being Internet Explorer , ActiveX is also supported .
All you need for enabling this feature is an application called PocketCloud Windows Companion to be installed on the remote machine .
Here is the summary of Features as per the company :
Wyse Proprietary RDP 6.0 Engine ( windows 7 compatible ) Fast : Optimized for the iPhone
Enterprise grade security : 128 - bit encryption and FIPS support
Microsoft Terminal Services support 3G and Wi-Fi Optimized Work smoothly with 3G connections and Wi-Fi VMware View 3.1 Certified Support for : Direct connections and advanced tunneling SSL encryption Experimental support for RSA Two - Factor Authentication
Optimized iPhone GUI Fast , interactive , and enjoyable user experience
Advanced high - accuracy mouse cursor
Removable toolbars for maximum screen real estate Free Windows Companion Application Thin -Browser ™ Server - side Web browsing with iPhone GUI Support for rich and interactive content such as Flash , Silverlight , and Java ActiveX and add - ons support
Automatic keyboard detection :
Whenever a keyboard is needed , PocketCloud windows companion notifies the PocketCloud on the iPhone to invoke the virtual keyboard
Verdict
The App is priced sky high at $ 30 , which is a bit unjustified considering the lack of TCX support and only experimental RSA SecurID support .
Still , I bought it to give it a try , and for me it was worth it .
The app is good for Business users and niche enthusiasts who need 24×7 access to servers on remote PCs anytime anywhere , but for others , not worth the price set .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Editor 's note : Rudy Ruiz founded RedBrownandBlue.com , a site featuring multicultural political commentary , hosts a nationally syndicated Spanish - language radio show ; and wrote a guide to success for immigrants ( " ¡Adelante ! " published by Random House ) .
He is co-founder and president of Interlex , an advocacy marketing agency based in San Antonio , Texas .
Rudy Ruiz says immigration reform can't wait for next year .
SAN ANTONIO , Texas ( CNN ) --
One of the greatest challenges for minorities in any democracy is that their priorities often differ with those of the majority .
Consequently , even if a minority group does not experience outright tyranny , it can suffer tragic neglect .
That 's the lingering problem with immigration reform .
Latino leaders have long called for comprehensive immigration reform .
During the presidential campaign , it finally seemed destined for reality as candidates sought the crucial Latino vote .
But today , where 's immigration reform on the list of priorities ?
Apparently , it 's plummeting faster than bank stocks were during the market 's freefall .
Maybe the president hoped we would n't notice .
He mentioned it in passing while we were engrossed in the health care drama .
And instead of telling us directly , in a meeting with the Latino leaders that supported his candidacy , he announced it while chatting with foreign heads of state .
What did he say ?
No immigration reform until 2010 .
But since he 's expending massive political capital on health care , and 2010 is a midterm election year renowned for inaction on controversial matters , the postponement is as menacing as the promise is dubious .
" Experience and history have told us if it 's postponed to the following year , then you 're talking about 2011 , " Rep. Henry Cuellar , D - Texas , told the San Antonio Express - News .
But with health care and financial reforms , budget deficits , and tax hikes looming , what hurdles will we face by 2011 ?
What realistic hopes remain for immigration reform ?
Rep. Charles Gonzalez , D - Texas , said if a comprehensive bill is n't passed , " We 'll try to do it piecemeal . "
' Latino in America ' The Latino population is set to nearly triple by 2050 .
This October , Soledad O'Brien journeys into the homes and hearts of a group destined to change the U.S. Witness the evolution of a country as Latinos change America and America changes Latinos .
Coming this October see full schedule »
" Piecemeal " is a favorite course for a Congress that finds bipartisan compromise unpalatable .
But given the issue 's persistent magnitude , such a response is tantamount to a negligent -- perhaps tyrannical -- master tossing a crumb from the table to a pack of ravenous , emaciated dogs .
Instead , why do n't we step up as a nation and face the challenge with a level of honor and attention that is consistent with the best of our ideals ?
After all , the Statue of Liberty raised its torch to welcome immigrants , not to light the way for the insurance executives and Wall Street bankers prioritized by policymakers today .
I grew up on the border and I can honestly say , it pains me to watch us squander billions on a border fence when we 've yet to see a man -made structure that can stop the forces of nature .
What we call " immigration " -- in the case of Latinos -- is actually a pattern of migration , a natural movement of homo sapiens dying of thirst and hunger , seeking water and nourishment in more fertile grounds .
Comprehensive immigration reform should thus be viewed as an essential measure to protect human rights on our soil and continent .
This is a time to think big , not small .
This is about more than laws and lines drawn on a map .
It is about the origins of our humanity , not our nationality .
Real people are suffering as raids continue , border deaths and hate crimes escalate , and families are destroyed .
" Without a solution , the problems will only worsen , " I was told by Salvador Sanabria , executive director of El Rescate , a non-profit serving immigrants in Los Angeles , California , for 27 years .
" Comprehensive reform will save lives , keep families together and give immigrants the opportunity to contribute fully to America 's economy and security .
It 's a humanitarian issue , but it 'll also benefit America to do it right . "
On an issue prioritized by the nation 's largest , fastest - growing minority group , why not do it right ?
Why wait any longer ?
Even Sen. John Cornyn , R - Texas , in rare agreement with his Democratic counterparts , said he was disappointed by the delay .
He said he is " ready to work " with the president on the issue .
With our nation divided on many fronts , why can't we capitalize on bipartisan support for immigration reform now ?
Rather than blame competing priorities for procrastinating , why ca n't Washington wow us with a display of multitasking brilliance ?
At least immigration reform does n't come with a price tag of a trillion dollars and a host of new taxes as health care reform does .
That should make it popular by comparison .
" Reform is a priority in the Latino community , " LULAC President Rosa Rosales told the San Antonio Express - News .
" I would strongly urge that Latino organizations push the issue that we need comprehensive immigration reform now . "
Latino leaders should settle for nothing less .
Latino voters should exhort all elected officials to act with the same urgency they would exhibit were it their own kin dying on the vine .
Thomas Jefferson once said : " All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent . "
In that spirit , we should unite to make this not only a Latino priority , but an American priority .
And all people of good conscience should speak up for what 's right -- or risk creeping towards tyranny by neglect .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rudy Ruiz .
All About Immigration • Barack Obama • Hispanic and Latino Issues
by Patrick Appel
Christina Davidson profiles the owner of the first medical marijuana shop in Colorado :
Most of the farmers Kathleen works with have been cultivating their product illegally for many years -- the oldest has been in the illicit business for 35 , more than half have grown marijuana for over two decades .
Now that they sell their product to a legal commercial enterprise , weed farmers will have to register their income and pay taxes on it , just like anyone growing tomatoes or tobacco .
" To have these people coming out of the closet after so many years , that 's the really heartening thing about what 's happening right now , " Kathleen says .
Since marijuana farmers have begun selling exclusively to legitimate dispensaries , the underground market for illegal weed has been quashed , putting drug dealers out of business for lack of available stock .
By David Shukman
Environment correspondent , BBC News
Repeatedly struck by cyclones , flooding and even drought , Bangladesh is reckoned to be one of the countries most vulnerable to the effects of climate change .
MONDAY 7 SEPTEMBER : THAT SINKING FEELING
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement I have read a lot about Bangladesh and the threat of rising seas but never thought I would feel the effects myself .
But when we visit a project to repair a breach in the sea defences around Gabura Island , the only way to get good shots is to leave our boat and join the labourers .
In the thick of it .
The process involves the men scooping up mud and passing the lumps in a human chain to be pressed into an embankment .
It is an apocalyptic scene , like something from the pre-industrial age , swarms of men toiling in the heat , nothing mechanical in sight , only loud cheers periodically keeping the work going .
That sinking feeling :
We were glad of the local help to pull us out I recall seeing how the Dutch do these things , with monster machines hauling rock and concrete .
Here it is a more elemental struggle of bare hands and mud against the sea , the reward being a chance to keep a family 's hunger at bay with five kilos of rice per man per day .
To begin with I only sink in up to my ankles , the warm brown water filling my boots , something I prefer not to think about in too much detail , given that the number of people living upstream is several hundred million at least .
But as we film , the tide starts rising unexpectedly quickly and I soon notice that we are no longer ankle - deep , but thigh - deep .
Barefoot , nimble and expert , the workers know exactly where to stand to find the firmer ground .
I do not .
I try to shift my right foot but find it sinking .
Soon my notebook , tucked away in my trousers pocket , is immersed ; luckily my phone is in a shirt pocket .
The line of men nearest me collapses in laughter - until they see the stricken look on my face and someone hauls me upwards , Bangladeshi politeness unfailing .
I shout out a warning to Tony Fallshaw , who is shuffling towards me , burdened with the extra weight of the camera .
Too late .
Despite arduous conditions the men retain a positive outlook
One of his legs disappears so deeply that he needs two people to retrieve him , arms offered in support , not hands because they are thick with mud and considered too dirty .
Work cannot possibly continue , our comedy act is far too hilarious .
Especially when producer Mark Georgiou has an idea for a shot using our waterproof camera and invites mud to be thrown at it .
Our plan was to report on Bangladesh 's struggle against the sea , not slow it down .
As we leave a huge cheer goes up .
I like to think it 's acknowledging how we lightened an otherwise back - breaking day ; but more likely it is relief that we did not get more than one leg stuck .
SUNDAY 6 SEPTEMBER : WORLD'S NARROWEST REFUGEE CAMP
Cyclone Aila ripped through this embankment
On Gabura Island , under a dark sky , I encounter a new kind of victim - the commuter - refugee , people whose homes are submerged with every high tide .
Twice a day they 're forced to take to their boats to travel to dry land .
Their island , nine miles long and five wide , lies between two rivers at the very tail of what begins as the mighty River Ganges and it's only habitable because it 's encircled by a massive embankment .
The problem is that you can now sail straight through it .
Locals still rely on aid , four months after the cyclone Cyclone Aila ripped open huge holes in this defensive wall and our boat just chugs through one of the gaps .
In the storm , thousands of homes were lost , 43 people were killed , dozens more went missing .
We arrive during a rising tide and although a few houses are above water , most are flooded and the fields are completely submerged .
The island has become a vast , salty lake .
Ahead of the tide 's peak , narrow wooden canoes carry families towards what remains of the embankment , the highest ground available .
Only a few metres wide , this narrow strip of land offers the only refuge , a packed , jostling encampment , the women 's saris bright against the endless grey of the mud .
A slippery path snakes between two rows of shelters , plastic sheeting secured with string , a long line of misery .
More than 20,000 people are camped here , some all the time , others only staying during the high tides .
Four months on , they still depend on aid .
We watch as workers from Oxfam and its local partner Progoti hand out bamboo poles , plastic sheets and string , precious essentials during these monsoon months .
In the rain , the mud is so slippery it may as well be ice .
It 's also sticky .
As we leave , I dangle my boots over the side of the boat but not much of it washes off .
SATURDAY 5 SEPTEMBER : PEOPLE , PEOPLE EVERYWHERE
A population bigger than Mexico , crammed into a country smaller than the UK
The numbers are bewildering , so is the heat , and I had n't reckoned on the sheer beauty of the country either .
During a four - hour drive from Jessore to Shyamnagar in the far south there is n't a single stretch without people .
The people of Satkhira live in one of the country 's remotest areas Every turn in the road brings rickshaw - riders hauling perilous loads of sacks , men straining with great lengths of bamboo , three people to a wobbling bike , forests of arms dangling from the windows of crammed buses .
I count the faces peering from the cab of a truck : there are at least eight , and maybe more I can't see .
Our cameraman Tony Fallshaw spots a scooter carrying four .
Ranked as the eighth most populous nation on the planet , Bangladesh has a staggering 156 million people - that 's more than giants like Mexico and Nigeria - but packed into an area smaller than Britain .
And , as our journey takes us further south , I can believe it .
On a stop to film farmers harvesting rice , I check my watch : within 90 seconds at least a dozen people turn up to have a look at us ; after three minutes there 's a crowd .
We get quite an audience in a stifling roadside restaurant too , strangers sweating over plates of rice and dahl being a rare sight .
In this extremely poor country , Satkhira , the region we 're in , is one of the poorest and remotest .
It did n't get many visitors until Cyclone Aila struck in May and an army of aid workers arrived .
The storm surge tore through the intricate patterns of embankments , ditches , paddy - fields and houses , its impact all the worse because every inch of this low - lying land is cultivated or lived on .
One surprise : the energy of the multitudes here .
Through floods and hunger , power cuts and poverty , life goes on in this deceptively pretty landscape .
Another surprise : a man perched on the back of a bicycle has a mobile phone pressed to his ear .
I switch on my Blackberry .
It works - even on a boat .
And one of the first e-mails reaching me here , beyond the last road on this distant , battered shore is a press release .
The prime minister of Bangladesh , it says , speaking at a climate conference in Geneva , has just warned how vulnerable her country is to natural disaster .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Thousands of people gathered to watch the demolition of Sheffield 's iconic Tinsley cooling towers .
' Dancing With the Stars ' New Season Cast Revealed on ' Good Morning America '
' Dancing With the Stars ' Season 9 Contestants : Tom Delay , Kelly Osbourne , Donny Osmond and More
The " Dancing With the Stars " cast for season nine was announced today live on " Good Morning America . "
The stage is set for new " DWTS " contestants to showcase their fancy footwork when " Dancing With the Stars " returns for its ninth season Monday , Sept. 21 .
The celebrity cast , which includes an Osmond , a cowboy and a former House majority leader , will team with professional dancers and face off on television 's hit ballroom competition .
Gymnast Shawn Johnson was the winner on the last season of the show .
Host Tom Bergeron was in Times Square today to announce the cast .
CLICK HERE for photos of the full cast .
Macy Gray first burst onto the music scene with her debut album " On How Life Is " and the hit single " I Try , " both of which went to No. 1 . She has gone on to sell more than 20,000,000 albums worldwide and has won and has been nominated for five Grammy Awards and six MTV Video Music Awards .
She has collaborated on stage and in the recording studio with some of music 's greatest artists , including Justin Timberlake , Carlos Santana , Erykah Badu , Fergie , will .i.am ( Black Eyed Peas ) , John Frusciante ( Red Hot Chili Peppers ) Nas and Natalie Cole .
Macy has also appeared in numerous films including " Spider Man , " " Training Day , " " Idlewild " ( with Outkast ) and the award - winning HBO Film " Lackawanna Blues . "
Known for her starring roles in the television series " Clarissa Explains It All " and " Sabrina the Teenage Witch , " Hart began her career at the early age of 4 with television commercials and various television appearances .
She starred in the film " Drive Me Crazy " alongside " Entourage 's " Adrian Grenier , as well as in the ABC Family Original Movie " Holiday in Handcuffs " opposite " Dancing With the Stars " alumni Mario Lopez , which was the highest - rated program in the history of the network .
In 2009 , Hart starred in another ABC Family Original Movie , " My Fake Fiance " that garnered huge ratings as well .
In 1993 , Hart started her own production company , Hartbreak Films , and is set to release her first thriller film , " Nine Dead , " to DVD in January 2010 .
Hart and husband Mark Wilkerson are the proud parents of two sons , Mason , age 3 and Braydon , 17 months .
' Dancing With the Stars ' Contestants Season 9
Kathy Ireland , the supermodel , is now , wife , mother of three , author , Sunday school teacher and fashion CEO , of kathy ireland Worldwide .
Forbes , Newsweek and the Wall Street Journal celebrate KIWW as a $ 1.4 billion design empire .
Kathy powerfully supports many nonprofits , including the Elizabeth Taylor HIV / AIDS Foundation , Feed the Children and the Alliance for Christian Education .
UCLA names Kathy as one of the Top 10 Women 's Health Advocates in America .
Grammy Award - winning multi-platinum artist Mya became a star at the age of 18 with her eponymous debut album , which yielded three top 10 singles .
In addition to releasing five full - length albums , one of which went platinum and another , gold , she starred in the acclaimed film " Chicago . "
Since " Chicago , " Mya has appeared in several movies and signed onto a modeling contract .
Her fourth and fifth studio albums , " Liberation " and " Sugar & Spice , " respectively , have been released in Japan and her sixth studio album is scheduled for release on her independent label .
A long - time advocate for young women , she founded the Mya Arts & Tech Foundation , a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing disadvantaged youth growth and opportunity through arts and technology education , where she serves as both executive director and teacher .
' Dancing With the Stars ' Contestants Season 9
Famously known as the Chairman and host of Food Network 's " Iron Chef America , " Dacascos is also a trained martial artist as well as an actor .
Born in Honolulu , Mark 's passion for martial arts began at an early age under the tutelage of his parents , who are both former national champions and teachers .
After getting discovered in San Francisco 's Chinatown , Mark began to establish a film and television career playing not only martial artists but a wide range of characters before joining " Iron Chef America " in 2005 .
He has appeared in several feature films including the internationally acclaimed French epic , " Brotherhood of the Wolf , " the cult classic " Only the Strong , " " Cradle to the Grave , " opposite Jet Li , " Only the Brave , " " Nomad " and " The Lost Medallion , " which is scheduled for release later this year .
Actor , songwriter , comedian and son of former " Dancing With the Stars " contestant George Hamilton , Ashley is a multi-talented , multi- hyphenate with experience in film , comedy and television .
An accomplished singer , Ashley had a 2003 top 20 single released by Sony , and as a songwriter co-wrote the top 10 Robbie Williams hit " Come Undone " and has writing credits for Hillary Duff , among other top acts .
Ashley has made various television and film appearances in his career , including a starring role in " Sunset Beach . "
Since 2007 he has been performing stand - up comedy at the Laugh Factory , the Hollywood Improv , the Comedy Store and Room 5 in Los Angeles .
One of the most successful wide receivers in the history of the NFL , former Dallas Cowboy Michael Irvin is a three - time Super Bowl champion and former broadcaster for ESPN's " NFL Countdown . "
Known as the Playmake and one of the Triplets alongside fellow Cowboys Troy Aikman and Emmitt Smith , Irvin was a recipient of the Dallas Cowboys ' Ring of Honor in 2005 .
In 2007 , Irvin was inducted into the Professional Football Hall of Fame and has appeared in various television shows , as well as co-starring in " The Longest Yard " with Adam Sandler and Chris Rock .
Last fall , Irvin executive produced / hosted the reality TV series " 4th and Long " for Spike TV in which one football hopeful was given a shot at making the Dallas Cowboys roster .
Most recently , he appeared on the Hall of Fame inductions on the NFL Network and hosts his own radio show in Dallas for ESPN Radio .
Osmond won the hearts of millions as both a member of the Osmonds and , with his sister ( and " Dancing With the Stars " alumna ) Marie , as the youngest co-hosts in prime time history on the iconic ABC variety series " The Donny & Marie Show . "
Donny and Marie are currently performing at the Las Vegas Flamingo Hotel through 2012 .
For nearly five decades , Donny Osmond has been a singer , musician , Broadway and film actor , talk show and game show host , best - selling author , and even a champion race car driver .
' Dancing With the Stars ' Contestants Season 9
The former House majority leader is a prominent Republican and conservative firebrand .
He was first elected to Congress in 1984 , and when Republicans took control of the House , his colleagues elected him majority whip , and later majority leader .
His leadership was characterized by his aggressive " grow the vote " method of party discipline in which he never lost a vote , leading the Washington Post to nickname him " The Hammer . "
He and his wife , Christine , also served as foster parents and founded a community in Texas that serves as a safe , permanent home for abused and neglected children .
DeLay is currently president of First Principles LLC , a strategic political consulting firm based in Washington , D.C. , and Houston .
Olympic swimming gold medalist Natalie Coughlin is the most decorated female athlete of both the 2008 Beijing and 2004 Athens Games .
Coughlin has won a medal in every single Olympic event that she has ever entered for a total of 11 Olympic medals .
In 2008 , she became the first American female athlete to win six medals in one Olympiad in addition to becoming the first woman to win consecutive individual Olympic gold medals in the 100 m backstroke .
Coughlin is also the most decorated female swimmer in World Championship history with 16 medals .
Born and raised in Northern California , Coughlin attended the University of California , Berkeley where she earned a B.A. in psychology in 2005 .
Polish - born Joanna Krupa was born in Warsaw and raised in Chicago .
After high school , she moved to L.A. to pursue a career in modeling and acting .
Her hard work and positive spirit led her to become one of the most requested models / covergirls in the world .
PETA 's " I 'd Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur " campaign featuring Joanna became a phenomenon .
She 's been featured in E !'s " The Sexiest " as one of the sexiest women in the world .
In 2009 , she was selected as the cover model for Ocean Drive magazine , and Maxim voted her among their " Top 100 " women in the world .
Film and TV credits include " Six Days in Paradise , " due in the fall , " Ripple Effect , " " Las Vegas " and " CSI : Crime Scene Investigation . "
Most recently she competed in ABC's " The Superstars " teaming with Buffalo Bills NFL star Terrell Owens .
Mazar 's feature film debut in Martin Scorsese 's " Goodfellas " set the stage for an extensive career in both television and film .
She has consistently worked with notable directors -- including Oliver Stone , Spike Lee , Woody Allen , Michael Mann and Joel Schumacher -- often portraying the sharp - tongued New Yorker in both dramas and comedy .
Mazar 's television credits include " Friends , " " Ugly Betty " and her own sitcom , CBS ' " Temporarily Yours . "
She presently stars as publicist Shauna on HBO's hit series " Entourage . "
Mazar also co-hosts " Under the Tuscan Gun , " a successful internet show focused on Tuscan cuisine , with her husband .
The couple have two young daughters and presently reside in both Los Angeles and Tuscany , Italy .
' Dancing With the Stars ' Contestants Season 9
Singer , actress and media personality , Kelly 's father is rock icon , Ozzy Osbourne , and her mother is well - known TV personality Sharon Osbourne .
Kelly got her start at the age of 16 in the first - ever " celebrity reality " TV show , " The Osbournes , " with her famous family , which garnered them an Emmy Award for " Outstanding Reality Program " in 2002 .
That same year , Osbourne released her debut music album , " Shut Up ! , " which included a cover of Madonna 's " Papa Don't Preach . "
Her second album , " Sleeping in Nothing " was released in 2005 with its first single , " One Word , " hitting No. 1 on all three Billboard Dance charts simultaneously .
Kelly made her dramatic acting debut in a starring role on the ABC series " Life As We Know It . "
In recent years she 's worked primarily in the U.K. where she 's done theater ( including a successful run in " Chicago " in London 's West End in 2007 ) , hosted her own weekly radio show on BBC Radio and has presented numerous U.K. TV projects , including " Project Catwalk , " the UK 's version of " Project Runway . "
Triple platinum - selling music artist / songwriter , producer , actor and younger brother of Backstreet Boys Nick Carter , Aaron Carter has established himself worldwide as a pop and teen sensation .
Beginning his career at the age of 8 , he is currently the youngest solo artist to have four top 40 singles .
He has released four studio albums since 1997 , two of which have been certified platinum , and he has appeared on several television series including " Lizzie McGuire " and " 7th Heaven , " as well as making his Broadway debut playing JoJo the Who in " Seussical the Musical " in 2001 .
He sang vocals on soundtracks for " Disneymania ( The Lion King ) Ella Enchanted , " " Pokeman " and " Rugrats the Movie . "
In 2006 , Carter starred in the E ! reality show , " House of Carters , " which featured all five of the Carter siblings living in the same house .
Chuck Liddell is the face of the Ultimate Fighting Championship , and the icon of Mixed Martial Arts -- the fastest growing sport in America .
In 1998 , he won his first UFC Mixed Martial Arts fight .
Soon after , Liddell rose through the ranks to become the light - heavyweight champion of the world .
In July of 2009 , Liddell was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame .
He is tied for the most wins by a UFC fighter with 16 , and also holds the most knockout wins with 10 .
In 2008 , Chuck penned his autobiography , " Iceman : My Fighting Life , " which quickly became a New York Times best - seller .
Chuck earned a bachelor 's degree in business / accounting from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo , where he also wrestled .
Professional snowboarder , Louie Vito , is among the U.S. 's elite snowboarders favored to make the 2010 Olympic team .
Competing in both the Pipe and Slopestyle disciplines , Vito continues to train for the Grand Prix qualifying .
The 21 year - old native of Bellefontaine , Ohio , turned pro in 2006 and has competed in multiple Winter X - Games competitions .
He is also a two - time winner of the USSA Grand Prix Halfpipe Series .
[ Rep. Wally ]
Herger did not hold back on his opinion of the health care plan and the administration ’s appointment of “ czars ” to head various departments and task forces .
“ Our democracy has never been threatened as much as it is today , ” Herger said to a loud standing ovation .
' One of my best innings ' - Tendulkar
Sachin Tendulkar has rated his match - winning 138 against Sri Lanka in the final of the Compaq Cup as " one of his best innings "
If you 're going to fake a Biblical antiquity , keep it simple .
And do n't mention Jesus .
These and other lessons can be gleaned from Unholy Business : A True Tale of Faith , Greed , and Forgery in the Holy Land ( Harper Collins ) , a new book about the James Ossuary , once purported to have held the bones of Jesus 's brother and now exposed as a fake , unveiled to the world six years ago this week at the Royal Ontario Museum .
In a narrative befitting the intrigue and mystery surrounding the shadowy world of antiquities and archeology in Israel – the only country of origin in the world where it is legal to sell such things – Nina Burleigh tells a tale of greed and ambition mixed with political and theological yearning .
It 's a volatile combination .
Christians are anxious to find some tangible proof that Jesus existed , since , besides the Bible , there is none , Burleigh says .
Israelis , meanwhile , are keen to find archeological evidence of a Jewish presence in the Holy Land as described in the Hebrew Bible , or Old Testament .
" They are new people in a new country , and are seeking a historic tie to the land , " Burleigh , a former Time reporter , says in a telephone interview from her office at People magazine .
The owner of the ossuary , Oded Golan , is now on trial in Israel for forging the inscription on the bone box reading " James , son of Joseph , brother of Jesus , " and a tablet claimed to have come from the first Temple of Solomon .
If real , the two objects would have had profound theological and political implications .
The ossuary would challenge traditional teachings about Jesus 's family , while the tablet would prove the existence of the temple , believed to have been located where the Al Aqsa Mosque now sits in Jerusalem .
Known to Jews as the Temple Mount , it 's one of the most disputed places on the planet , historically and theologically significant to the world 's three major religions , Judaism , Christianity and Islam .
The Jehoash Tablet , a sandstone slab with 16 lines of text inscribed outlining repairs to Solomon 's Temple in wording remarkably similar to verses in the Old Testament Book of Kings , seemed to prove the existence of the temple – and so cementing Jewish claims to the disputed site .
" To have that piece of evidence would have bolstered the claims of those who want to march onto the mount and take it , " Burleigh says .
But , as Burleigh points out in the book , 16 lines of text , seemingly drawn straight from ancient Hebrew writings , was " too good to be true " for many skeptics .
Most archeological discoveries contain only a few words or letters at best .
Such questioning led to scientific examinations of the tablet and eventually to Golan , a Tel Aviv businessman , avid collector of antiquities and owner of both the tablet and the ossuary .
For many experts , the mentioning of Jesus on the ossuary also seemed too good to be true , alerting them to a possible fraud .
Searches of Golan 's home and warehouses turned up Tupperware containers and baggies full of ancient dirt and charcoal , needed to age a fake object , and carving tools .
In one search , the James Ossuary was found sitting atop a disused toilet , an odd place , police felt , for a box purported to have once contained the DNA of Jesus 's family .
In her book , Burleigh outlines how such objects are faked , a practice she says has been going on for centuries as local dealers played on the emotions of religious pilgrims eager to find a physical connection to the Bible 's stories .
" They 've been making stuff for Christians to take back home for generations , " she says .
" They 've taken back many , many heads of John the Baptist . "
The key , scientifically , is getting the patina right .
Patina is the natural discolouration of an object over time .
Natural patina can be faked by soaking old dirt or charcoal into an object , and then heating it , Burleigh says in the book .
Often , genuinely old objects are given new inscriptions , with the fake patina put into the inscriptions to make it seem that the wording also dates to ancient times .
Sophisticated forgers , Burleigh says , might even incorporate old scratches into the new inscriptions , since the scratches would already contain old patina .
The next stage is to get experts to authenticate it , a process Burleigh says requires as much skill and art as the patina .
Here , the trick is to find experts on whose emotions the forger can play , perhaps a Biblical scholar keen to prove its stories true , or a patriotic Israeli excited to find proof of a fabled Jewish temple .
" They get so excited , they can't resist , " Burleigh says .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Later , when doubts are raised , the fight becomes one of conflicting science , with experts on both sides lined up to argue for or against an object 's authenticity .
Add in the egos of those involved and the often subjective nature of the science itself , Burleigh says , and a conclusive decision as to whether something 's a fraud seems almost impossible .
And that , she says , is where the Golan trial over the alleged forgery of the tablet and ossuary sits today .
Burleigh leaves little doubt she believes he is guilty , but says Golan might still elude conviction amid confusion over the conflicting scientific testimony at his trial .
" They are putting the science ( of archeology ) on trial , and the subjective underbelly of the science is being exposed here , big time . "
Indeed , the judge in the case last month recommended the prosecution drop the charges , saying he saw little chance of a conviction .
" After all the evidence we have heard , including the testimony of the prime defendant , is the picture still the same as the one you had when he was charged ? "
District Court Judge Aharon Farkash asked .
" Not every case ends in the way you think it will when it starts .
Maybe we can save ourselves the rest . "
The trial is set to resume in January .
Frustratingly , Burleigh says , the one piece of evidence that might shift the slow - moving trial from being a battle of scientific interpretations may never be heard in court .
For a time , Burleigh writes , an Egyptian named Samach Marco Shokri Ghattes , who went by the name Marco , was employed by Golan to make fake objects .
In transcripts reprinted in the book , Marco describes inscribing a tablet similar to the Jehoash Tablet according to Golan 's instructions .
" With a hammer and chisel , following the sketch .
He printed out a sheet from the printer and gave it to me , " Marco says in the transcripts from a police interview in Cairo .
But because Egypt , an Arab nation , is unlikely to extradite one of its citizens to Israel , Burleigh says Marco is unlikely ever to be called to testify .
" He 's the key , " she says .
However the trial ends , which is not expected for months or years yet , Burleigh says it is unlikely to end the debate over either the tablet or the ossuary .
Both , she says , are simply too important to the narratives of the people who believe in them .
" It is a natural human desire to have something , " she says , " to have and to hold and to show that your belief system is true . "
Read more about :
New research shows that the Arctic reversed a long - term cooling trend and began warming rapidly in recent decades .
The blue line shows estimates of Arctic temperatures over the last 2,000 years , based on proxy records from lake sediments , ice cores and tree rings .
The green line shows the long - term cooling trend .
The red line shows the recent warming based on actual observations .
A 2000 - year transient climate simulation with NCAR ’s Community Climate System Model shows the same overall temperature decrease as does the proxy temperature reconstruction , which gives scientists confidence that their estimates are accurate .
Credit : Courtesy Science , modified by UCAR .
Arctic temperatures in the 1990s reached their warmest level of any decade in at least 2,000 years , new research indicates .
The study , which incorporates geologic records and computer simulations , provides new evidence that the Arctic would be cooling if not for greenhouse gas emissions that are overpowering natural climate patterns .
The international study , led by Northern Arizona University and the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) , will be published in the September 4 edition of Science .
It was primarily funded by the National Science Foundation , NCAR 's sponsor .
The scientists reconstructed summer temperatures across the Arctic over the last 2,000 years by decade , extending a view of climate far beyond the 400 years of Arctic - wide records previously available at that level of detail .
They found that thousands of years of gradual Arctic cooling , related to natural changes in Earth 's orbit , would continue today if not for emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
" This result is particularly important because the Arctic , perhaps more than any other region on Earth , is facing dramatic impacts from climate change , " says NCAR scientist David Schneider , one of the co-authors .
" This study provides us with a long - term record that reveals how greenhouse gases from human activities are overwhelming the Arctic 's natural climate system . "
Darrell Kaufman of Northern Arizona University , the lead author and head of the synthesis project , says the results indicate that recent warming is more anomalous than previously documented .
" Scientists have known for a while that the current period of warming was preceded by a long - term cooling trend , " says Kaufman .
" But our reconstruction quantifies the cooling with greater certainty than before . "
Greenhouse gases overtake a natural cycle
The new study is the first to quantify a pervasive cooling across the Arctic on a decade - by - decade basis that is related to an approximately 21,000 - year cyclical wobble in Earth 's tilt relative to the Sun .
Over the last 7,000 years , the timing of Earth 's closest pass by the Sun has shifted from September to January .
This has gradually reduced the intensity of sunlight reaching the Arctic in summertime , when Earth is farther from the Sun .
An illustration showing an abrupt reversal in Arctic cooling despite an increasing distance between the sun and Earth during the Arctic summer solstice .
Credit : National Science Foundation
The research team 's temperature analysis shows that summer temperatures in the Arctic , in step with the reduced energy from the Sun , cooled at an average rate of about 0.2 degrees Celsius ( about .36 degrees Fahrenheit ) per thousand years .
The temperatures eventually bottomed out during the " Little Ice Age , " a period of widespread cooling that lasted roughly from the 16th to the mid-19th centuries .
Even though the orbital cycle that produced the cooling continued , it was overwhelmed in the 20th century by human - induced warming .
The result was summer temperatures in the Arctic by the year 2000 that were about 1.4 degrees C ( 2.5 degrees F ) higher than would have been expected from the continued cyclical cooling alone .
" If it had n't been for the increase in human - produced greenhouse gases , summer temperatures in the Arctic should have cooled gradually over the last century , " says Bette Otto - Bliesner , an NCAR scientist who participated in the study .
Natural archives of Arctic climate
To reconstruct Arctic temperatures over the last 2,000 years , the study team incorporated three types of field - based data , each of which captured the response of a different component of the Arctic 's climate system to changes in temperature .
These data included temperature reconstructions published by the study team earlier this year .
The reconstructions were based on evidence provided by sediments from Arctic lakes , which yielded two kinds of clues : changes in the abundance of silica remnants left behind by algae , which reflect the length of the growing season , and the thickness of annually deposited sediment layers , which increases during warmer summers as deposits from glacial meltwater increase .
To collect sediment samples from lakes in Alaska , NAU researchers often travel by floatplanes and spend days working from a floating platform , using hand - operated weights to tap collection tubes upward of 20 feet into the lake bottom , such as this one at Sunday Lake .
Credit : Northern Arizona University
The research also incorporated previously published data from glacial ice and tree rings that were calibrated against the instrumental temperature record .
The scientists compared the temperatures inferred from the field - based data with simulations run with the Community Climate System Model , a computer model of global climate based at NCAR .
The model 's estimate of the reduction of seasonal sunlight in the Arctic and the resulting cooling was consistent with the analysis of the lake sediments and other natural archives .
These results give scientists more confidence in computer projections of future Arctic temperatures .
" This study provides a clear example of how increased greenhouse gases are now changing our climate , ending at least 2,000 years of Arctic cooling , " says NCAR scientist Caspar Ammann , a co-author .
The new study follows previous work showing that temperatures over the last century warmed almost three times faster in the Arctic than elsewhere in the Northern Hemisphere .
This phenomenon , called Arctic amplification , occurs as highly reflective Arctic ice and snow melt away , allowing dark land and exposed ocean to absorb more sunlight .
" Because we know that the processes responsible for past Arctic amplification are still operating , we can anticipate that it will continue into the next century , " says Gifford Miller of the University of Colorado at Boulder , a member of the study team .
" Consequently , Arctic warming will continue to exceed temperature increases in the rest of the Northern Hemisphere , resulting in accelerated loss of land ice and an increased rate of sea level rise , with global consequences . "
More information : " Recent Warming Reverses Long- Term Arctic Cooling " , Published in journal Science on Sep 4 .
Source : University of Colorado
Explore further Arctic taking on most of global heat
One of our first thoughts when we saw the Model S was , " How do you open the doors ? " since the handles are flush with the car .
Now we know .
This video from Jason Calacanis 's Posterous shows off how they work .
We have no idea how much this might add to the cost of the car , but it 's pretty darn cool looking .
Note :
As this is just for fun , we recommend you still practice good privacy measures and not necessarily post your actual birthplace , maiden name , fingerprints , retinal scans , etc .
Be creative , have fun , and thanks for visiting !
Name
Example : BARACK HUSSEIN II Sex
Example : Male Birthdate
Example : 4th August , 1961
Two digit year 19
Example : 61 Birthplace
Example : Coast General Hospital , Mombasa District
Example : MOMBASA Father 's Name
Example : Barack Hussein OBAMA Father 's Age
Example : 26 years Father 's Birthplace
Example : Kanyadhiang Village Father 's Occupation
Example : Student Mother 's Name
Example : Stanley Ann OBAMA Mother 's Maiden Name
Example : DUNHAM Mother 's Age
Example : 18 years Mother 's Birthplace
Example : Wichita , Kansas , UNITED STATES
Year of parents ' marriage
Example : 1961 Number of previous children ( living )
Example : nil Number of previous children ( deceased )
Example : nil Applicant 's name & relationship
Example : B.H. OBAMA , Father Applicant 's residence
Example : Honolulu , Hawaii , UNITED STATES
Governor Sanusi 's decision comes only two months after he took over The Nigerian central bank has injected 400bn naira ( $ 2.6bn ; £ 1.6 bn ) into five banks and sacked their managers .
The regulator said the banks were undercapitalised and posed a risk to the entire banking system .
Governor Lamido Sanusi said Afribank , Finbank , Intercontinental Bank , Oceanic Bank and Union Bank would be run as normal until new investors were found .
The move was unprecedented in Nigeria , sending the naira down 2 % to 156.9 versus the dollar .
' Questions '
" The banks have lost their money in bad loans , " Mr Sanusi told reporters in Lagos .
" We have questions about the management , so we have put in new management . "
" We assure every depositor that no - one will lose money and we will continue to support the banks and all Nigerian banks , " he said .
Armed police secured the buildings of the five banks to protect their assets .
Mr Sanusi took over as head of the central bank over two months ago , pledging to clean up the banking system that has fuelled growth in Nigeria .
Among the executives removed were senior members of Nigeria 's corporate elite , long seen as almost untouchable by the political establishment .
" The banking sector is a critical part of any economic system and we believe the steps being taken will deliver an effective solution to a very serious set of challenges , " said Michael Hugman , a strategist at Standard Bank .
The five institutions account for 40 % of banking sector credit in Nigeria .
Bad loans
Mr Sanusi said the five banks had accounted for almost 90 % of exposure to the central bank 's so - called discount window , which allows banks to borrow in the short - term from the central bank to meet their needs .
" The excessively high level of non-performing loans in the five banks ... was attributable to poor corporate governance practices , lax credit administration processes and the absence or non-adherence to credit risk management practices , " he said .
Mr Sanusi added the Nigerian government had no intention of nationalising the five banks and that this was a temporary measure .
The central bank has completed audits of 10 banks , including the five being rescued , and the Central Bank of Nigeria will now probe all of the country 's 24 banks , Mr Sanusi said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
こちらの記事が人気みたいなので。
この方が既にご存知なのかは知らないけど、
Gears には Database 2 API というのが追加されることになっていて、こちらは HTML5 の Storage API 互換を目指している 。
var dbman = goolge.gears.factory.create ( ' beta.databasemanager ' ) ; var db = dbman.open ( ' pages ' , ' 0.0.1.0 ' , ' Collection of crawled pages ' , 3000000 ) ; function renderPageRow ( row ) { } function reportError ( source , message ) { } function renderPages ( ) { db.transaction ( function ( tx ) { tx.executeSql ( ' CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS Pages ( title TEXT , lastUpdated INTEGER ) ' , [ ] ) ; tx.executeSql( ' SELECT * FROM Pages ' , [ ] , function ( rs ) { for ( var i = 0 ; i < rs.rows.length ; i++) { renderPageRow(rs.rows.item ( i ) ) ; } } ) } ) } function insertPage ( text , lastUpdated ) { db.transaction ( function ( tx ) { tx.executeSql ( ' INSERT INTO Pages VALUES ( ? , ? ) ' , [ text , lastUpdated ] , function ( ) { } , function ( tx , error ) { reportError ( ' sql ' , error.message ) ; } ) ; } ) ; }
ってな感じで 。
そもそもなんで Gears の Database API が HTML5 のものと互換性が無いかというと、HTML5 の仕様草稿より先に Gears が存在したからという理由で 、Gears が標準を疎かにしているわけではない 。
Gears は HTML5 という仕様の実装の一つであり、常に HTML5 を包括するものであることを目指している。
などということがこのへんに書いてある。
Some $ 2.4 billion has been spent since 2005 on a still - unfinished project to erect more than 600 miles of new fence along the US - Mexico border – a finding that is being met with surprise , anger , and consternation by immigrant groups and at least some border residents .
A report , released Thursday by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , also says $ 6.5 billion will be needed to maintain the new fencing over the next 20 years .
So far , it has been breached 3,363 times , requiring $ 1,300 for the average repair .
The US Border Patrol , for its part , agrees with some findings but says several conclusions are unknowable because building the wall has no precedent .
And the agency defends the new fencing as effective at deterring illegal immigration .
The report has stirred a range of reactions .
" When our nation is in the midst of an economic crisis , we wonder how many teacher salaries , police officers , miles of road , or school books could be financed instead of throwing large amounts of money for bricks to fix a problem that requires serious , long - term solutions , " says Angelica Salas of the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles , in a statement .
Dawn Garner , who lives on a ranch on the US - Mexico border in Naco , Ariz . , says spending is so high because workers who are building the fence use local hotels for accommodations and food .
" They should live in tents near the wall and cook their own food , and that would save incredible amounts of money , " says Ms. Garner , who reports that 40 illegal immigrants a day cross her small ranch .
Money could be saved if the National Guard built the fence and if the Border Patrol itself maintained it , she suggests in a phone interview .
Despite the price tag of maintaining the border fence , authorities have not found a way to determine whether it is helping to halt illegal immigration , the GAO report says .
" While they [ the GAO findings ] have highlighted some risks and their factual statements are correct , we are not as pessimistic as they are , " says Mark Borkowski , executive director of the Secure Border Initiative , part of US Customs and Border Protection .
Trying to analyze a new endeavor like this fence is like trying to calculate the costs and benefits of planes in combat while they 're still on the drawing board , he says .
He acknowledges that attempts to assess the efficacy of the new fence are sketchy .
The Naco area where Garner lives may be more porous than other parts of Arizona , such as Yuma or Sasabe .
Still , he says , " it is very clear to the Border Patrol that this has been very effective in cutting down illegal migrant traffic into the US . "
The 600 additional miles of fence , started under the Bush administration , have seen several delays and cost increases , which Borkowski says are to be expected in such a massive construction project .
Until the various types of border barriers are in place , states the GAO report , the Border Patrol will not know if the added security measures are working .
US Rep. Bennie Thompson ( D ) of Mississippi , who chairs the House Committee on Homeland Security , calls the fence a " serious challenge . "
Wayne Cornelius , director emeritus of the Center for Comparative Immigration Studies at the University of California in San Diego , says he has conducted 4,000 interviews with illegal immigrants and potential migrants from Jalisco , Zacatecas , Oaxaca , and Yucatan in the past five years .
His assessment :
" The existing border fortifications do not keep undocumented migrants out of the US .
Not even half are being apprehended on any given trip to the border , and of those who are apprehended , the success rate on the second or third try is upwards of 95 percent . "
" There is no reason to believe that additional investments in the fence project – both physical fencing and the new " virtual fence " – will create an effective deterrent , " he says .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
LEXINGTON , S.C. --
While members of both parties lashed Republican Rep. Joe Wilson for shouting " You lie ! " during President Barack Obama 's Wednesday night address to Congress , many friends and allies of the South Carolina congressman back home rallied behind him .
" I 'm proud of him .
I 'm tired of politicians sitting back and keeping their mouth shut and not calling it when it 's wrong , " said Jake Knotts , a 64 - year - old Republican state senator whose district overlaps with Mr. Wilson's .
" Washington has been getting away with lies ...
There is ( or was ) a lecturer at Cambridge called Trebilcock .
There were Pratts living in my road in the 1950's and they changed it .
In my long Inland Revenue career , I have dealth with a Police Constable whose name was also Constable , a teacher called Givlia Pine - Coffin and another teacher called Benito Hitler Brown .
Where are they now ?
ESPN has banned reporters from the New York Post from appearing on any of their programming after the Post published still pictures from the now infamous Erin Andrews peephole video .
The video , shot by a still unidentified voyeur , shows ESPN reporter Erin Andrews strolling naked around a hotel room .
The New York Post published several photo screenshots from the video tape on Tuesday .
Most copies of the peephole video have now been removed from the web .
Some sites still claiming to host the video are instead infecting eager downloaders with malicious viruses .
However , still pictures from the Erin Andrews video haveÂ printed by several media outlets over the past few days , including the New York Post – the first majorÂ publication toÂ release the photos .
On Wednesday , ESPN announced that all New York Post staffers would be blacklisted from appearing on the network , according to DeadSpin.com .
Reporters from the Post have frequently guested on ESPN shows in the past .
“ While we understand the Post ’s decision to cover this as a news story , their running photos obtained in such a fashion went well beyond the boundaries of common decency in the interest of sensationalism , ” ESPN Senior Vice President of Communications Chris LaPlaca said in a statement to the press .
In response , the New York Post claims that it is all ESPNâ€™s fault that the Erin Andrews peephole video became an Internet sensation in the first place .
According to the Post , when ESPNâ€™s lawyers sent a message to a web site hosting the video download , they confirmed that the video was indeed of Andrews â€ “ causing the peephole video to become an almost overnight Internet sensation .
Meanwhile , conservative talk show host Bill Oâ€™Reilly is being accused of stepping over the line as well by airing a portion of the Erin Andrews peephole video on his show on the Fox News Network .
Andrews released a statement via her attorney on July 17thÂ verifying that the peephole video footage was indeed of her and was made without her â€œknowledge or consent.â€ 
According to her attorney , Marshall B. Grossman , Andrews intends to file both criminal and civil charges against the creator of the video as soon as they have been positively identified .
Erin Andrews is currently on leave and scheduled to resume her broadcasting duties on ESPN in September .
Still , not all small firms would benefit .
One government estimate suggests that 39,000 firms ( out of a total of six million small and large employers in the country ) would have to start providing benefits or pay a penalty , and another 240,000 that do provide benefits would have to increase their subsidy levels .
The penalties for not offering coverage could be relatively small ( $ 750 per worker after exempting the first 25 workers under the Senate bill ) or quite substantial ( reaching an estimated $ 2,800 per worker for some firms under the House bill ) .
There is no question that the cost of coverage  which currently averages about $ 5,000 per individual or $ 13,000 per family  or paying fines could take a substantial bite out of the profits of some firms , forcing them to accept lower earnings , reduce wages , shed some jobs or raise prices .
Trade groups say the main reason small firms do n’t provide coverage is that they ca n’t afford to , and they complain that there is little in the reform bills that would reduce medical costs any time soon .
But in making that argument , they conflate two issues .
It is true that deep - seated reform of the health care delivery system will take years to reduce medical costs .
But the cost of health insurance for small businesses could drop quickly once the exchanges are open .
While some small percentage of companies will suffer , there are good reasons for requiring as many companies as possible to “ play ”  by offering coverage  or “ pay ” by paying a penalty .
The most important is that the penalties would help deter employers from dropping their own coverage .
The number of companies offering health insurance to their workers has been declining steadily , mostly among small firms , and it is important not to accelerate that erosion .
The play - or - pay provisions could also raise significant money to help cover the uninsured .
The penalties alone could raise $ 52 billion over a decade under the Senate health committee bill and probably much more under the House bill .
We see no easy way to ease the pain of the minority of firms that will face very substantial new costs .
We ’d be inclined to suggest hardship exemptions were it not for the likelihood that creative accountants might make every firm look like a hardship case .
A bipartisan group within the Senate Finance Committee is considering dropping the employer mandate and substituting a requirement that employers pay only for those workers who end up with government - subsidized coverage .
That seems a poor approach because it could deter employers from hiring low - income workers that could saddle them with high subsidy costs .
It makes good sense to us to require small businesses to contribute to solving a problem that mostly affects their own workers .
There also seems little doubt that the small business community would be one of the biggest winners from health care reform .
Yes indeed , the plot does thicken .
Frank DiPascali , the former chief financial officer for Bernie Madoff , moments ago pleaded guilty to all 10 charges lodged against him .
The charges carry a potential sentence of 125 years , but DiPascali 's willingness to cooperate will likely buy him some leniency .
At the hearing today , reports the WSJ , DiPascali ...
LOS ANGELES -- Forced to choose between being an NFL backup or a starter in a fledgling league , J.P. Losman has taken playing time .
Losman , 28 , said Tuesday night he has signed with the Las Vegas entry of the start - up United Football League , where he will be coached by former Giants boss Jim Fassel .
He immediately becomes the league 's marquee player , a former first round pick who was Buffalo 's starting quarterback 33 times over the past four seasons .
J.P. Losman has signed an undisclosed , one - year contract with the Las Vegas UFL franchise .
Rob Tringali / Getty Images
An unrestricted free agent , Losman had discussions with Denver and Carolina this past offseason , but the Broncos signed Chris Simms instead , while the Panthers decided to stand pat .
With Las Vegas , Losman will be arguably the face of a league .
" I 'm trying to get back on the field as soon as possible , " Losman said .
" I love the game .
I want to play this game .
I do n't want to be [ in the NFL ] waiting for somebody to get hurt or not play well .
" We 're trying to have as much success as possible here , try to create some buzz ... and then go through [ NFL free agency ] again next year . "
Drafted 22nd overall in 2004 , Losman threw for 33 touchdowns and 6,211 yards over parts of five seasons but was criticized for locking onto one receiver ( mostly Lee Evans ) , for turning the ball over ( 34 interceptions ) and for holding the ball too long ( 103 sacks ) .
But he also had four different offensive coordinators -- three of whom had never held the job before ( Tom Clements , Steve Fairchild and Turk Schonert ) .
In Las Vegas , he will be tutored by a veteran coach and coordinator in Fassel , who once reinvigorated the careers of John Elway in Denver , Boomer Esiason in Arizona and Kerry Collins in New York .
" If I had doubt that he should not be a starting winning quarterback , I would n't take it on , " Fassel said .
" But I had the same feeling with Kerry Collins ... J.P.'s got tremendous athletic skills .
This guy should be a starter in the NFL .
I mean , come on ...
But I still understand you can help a guy .
Even Tiger
Woods needs a swing coach .
" Listen , if he'd have went back to the NFL and sat on the bench this year , then he'd have been no better off next year .
Whatever anybody thought about him , they 'd still say the same thing .
Nothing would 've changed .
... Instead , you go in this league and you play .
The risk you take is you do n't play well .
But if you 're an aggressive person , you say ' I 'm going to play well , people are going to see me , and maybe I can erase some of those negatives that were in the past , and a lot of people will say , wow , look at him play now .
He 's a new guy . ' "
Fassel said he liked Losman coming out of Tulane , because of his mobility and arm strength but wondered if he was bitter from the Buffalo experience .
With the Bills , for instance , Losman lost his starting job in 2007 due to a knee injury and was displaced afterward by the steady Trent Edwards .
But Fassel was impressed -- in early meetings with Losman -- that the quarterback never ridiculed the Bills organization .
" If all they want to do is blame it on other people or on circumstances or on a coach , I can't do you any good , " Fassel said .
" You have to say , ' All right , I need to get better , I need help . '
J.P. did that . "
Said Losman : " I 'm looking at my career over the long haul .
OK , this is where I 'm at in five years .
But I look at it like , ' Where do I want to be after a 10 - year , 11 - year career ? '
There are some things I feel I want to work on that I need to work on , and this league gives me an opportunity to do that and to work with somebody who 's had a lot of success in the NFL . "
The United Football League will stage a six - game season , beginning on Oct. 8 , with teams based in Las Vegas , New York , Orlando and San Francisco .
Las Vegas is scheduled to play four Thursday night games on national television ( Versus ) and will also play a " home game " at the Home Depot Center in Carson , Calif .
The UFL season will hold its championship game Thanksgiving weekend in Las Vegas .
Other head coaches in the league are Jim Haslett ( Orlando ) , Dennis Green ( San Francisco ) and Ted Cotrell ( New York ) .
Rosters will be released at a later date , and each team will be allowed to sign players cut from NFL rosters in August and September .
Losman has signed an undisclosed , one - year contract , prorated over the six games , and , following the UFL title game in November , he will be free to rejoin the NFL immediately .
Losman said : " It 's not a slam dunk by any means " that the UFL will revive his career , but his hope is to follow in the footsteps of Steve Young ( USFL ) , Tommy Maddox ( XFL ) and Kurt Warner ( Arena Football League ) -- three other signal - callers who took alternative routes to the NFL .
" Quarterbacks , all they need to do is fit in the right circumstance , " Fassel said .
" I can name a lot of Hall of Fame quarterbacks that at the end of four years , you'd be shocked at their numbers and where they were .
You take Steve Young , who was at Tampa .
You look at his numbers after four years .
You look at Terry Bradshaw 's numbers after four years , you look at John Elway 's numbers after four years , and you look at Brett Favre 's numbers after four years .
And if I did n't have a name on those , you might 've cut them .
" Now that 's after four years ... and my study is based upon having patience and the right circumstances with quarterbacks .
And they did n't have great circumstances .
Listen , Brett Favre got traded , Steve Young got traded or cut , I 'm not sure .
Dan Reeves tried to trade John Elway .
And Terry Bradshaw was just playing on a frigging great team , OK ?
Three out of four of those quarterbacks were either traded or tried to get traded .
And you know what ?
They 're Hall of Fame guys . "
Fassel said his point is that Losman 's career is n't a bust yet .
" You 've got to be blind not to see this guy can play quarterback , " the coach said .
" And if he does his job this year and everything works out , I 'll be the happiest guy in the world if next year , there 's 12 , 14 , 16 teams saying , ' This guy 's a quarterback ; we all miscalculated this thing .
He can play .
Let 's go get this guy now . '
And then he 's back where he wants to be .
That 's fine with me .
I have no problem with that .
" In fact , I 've thought about it a lot at night .
I want that for him , and I feel the accountability .
It 's my job now to get him going .
Because I think he 'll make the commitment and I 'll make the commitment , too . "
Tom Friend is a senior writer for ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine .
Benford 's Law and Zipf's Law
With the view to the eerie but uniform distribution of digits of randomly selected numbers , it comes as a great surprise that , if the numbers under investigation are not entirely random but somehow socially or naturally related , the distribution of the first digit is not uniform .
More accurately , digit D appears as the first digit with the frequency proportional to log 10 ( 1 + 1/D ) .
In other words , one may expect 1 to be the first digit of a random number in about 30 % of cases , 2 will come up in about 18 % of cases , 3 in 12 % , 4 in 9 % , 5 in 8 % , etc .
This is known as Benford 's Law .
( I am grateful to Sara - Jayne Farmer for the idea to juxtapose Benford 's Law with the result on distribution of digits discussed elsewhere .
She also pointed me to a very fine article on Benford 's Law in New Scientist ( July 10 , 1999 , pp 26-30 . )
The law was discovered by the American astronomer Simon Newcomb in 1881 who noticed that the first pages of books of logarithms were soiled much more than the remaining pages .
In 1938 , Frank Benford arrived at the same formula after a comprehensive investigation of listings of data covering a variety of natural phenomena .
( Benford 's original data table can be found on Eric Weisstein 's Treasure Troves of Mathematics - Benford 's Law page . )
The law applies to budget , income tax or population figures as well as street addresses of people listed in the book American Men of Science .
In the face of such universality of the law , it 's quite astonishing that there exists a more general framework - Zipf 's Law .
Which , in turn , falls under a more general rubric of scaling phenomena .
Strange as it sounds , Benford 's Law may be explained from the first principles , the chief among which is sheer universality of mathematics .
Budget data gathered from yearly reports of a thousand of corporations may appear random at first glance , but then it also quite reasonable to assume that corporation budgets depend on a few parameters : the corporation size , particular industry a company belongs to , the quality of the management , the state of the market .
The size of a river basin is a function of the river 's depth and breadth .
Most of the dependencies are expressed more or less accurately by simple formulas : linear , power or exponential , oscillating , leading to saturation .
Functional dependencies are abound .
This is why studying Calculus makes so much sense .
But the notion of function does not reduce to a functional relation .
A function is a collection of three attributes : domain , range , and a particular form of dependency of elements from the range on elements from the function domain .
The same functional dependency expressed by the formula y = x2 will define different functions depending on the domain of interest .
The latter observation is very important in understanding the origins of Benford 's Law .
For example , statistical data on river basins will probably not include streams below a certain size .
Small streams are called brooks and socially ( picnic areas vs. beach fronts ) , politically ( brooks that dry up in summers can't serve as good state borders ) , militarily ( troops just wade across without special training ) , and ecologically ( spawning place for mosquitos vs. salmon ) play roles different from that of rivers .
At the other extreme , there is a natural upper limit on the breadth of a water conduit after which it 's more reasonable to talk of lakes , bays , seas , or oceans .
Similarly , population data may skip a hamlet of 17 households at the lower end ( if , for example , it was gathered by a cable company ) , and , of course , at the upper end , there are facts on the ground with a very limited number of super cities with populations in millions .
With this in mind , it 's natural that statistical data for a phenomenon that obeys one of the power laws ( b ) is biased towards the lower part of the range , whereas that for a phenomenon with saturation ( d ) tends to be biased towards the upper part of the range .
Mark Nigrini from the Southern Methodist University , who in recent years pioneered application of Benford 's Law to tax evasion and other fraud detection offers an example from a stock market .
( See his recent book Digital Analysis Using Benford 's Law : Tests Statistics for Auditors . )
Assume , in a bull period , a market average indicator starts with an average of $ 1,000 that grows 20 % a year .
For the next 10 years , we 'll get the following statistical data on the market indicator :
Year 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Average 1000 1200 1440 1728 2074 2488 2986 3583 4300 5160 6192
With 40 % of the data starting with digit 1 .
For further investigation , here 's a short list of Internet resources devoted to Benford 's Law and , further down the page , two book excerpts describing Zipf 's Law and personality .
References
On Internet
This is an excerpt from
The Quark and the Jaguar
by Murray Gell - Mann , Freeman & Co , 1994
... Often , however , we encounter less than ideal cases .
We may find regularities , predict that similar regularities will occur elsewhere , discover that the prediction is confirmed , and thus identify a robust pattern : however , it may be a pattern for which the explanation continues to elude us .
In such a case we speak of an " empirical " or " phenomenological " theory , using fancy words to mean basically that we see what is going on but do not yet understand it .
There are many such empirical theories that connect together facts encountered in everyday life .
Suppose we pick up a book of statistical facts , like the World Almanac .
Looking inside , we find a list of U.S. metropolitan areas in order of decreasing population , together with the population figures .
There may also be corresponding lists for the cities in individual states and in other countries .
In each list every city can be assigned a rank , equal to 1 for the most populous city , 2 for the next most populous , and so on .
Is there a general rule for all these lists that describes how the population decreases as the rank increases ?
Roughly speaking , yes .
With fair accuracy , the population is inversely proportional to the rank ; in other words , the successive populations are roughly proportional to 1 , 1/2 , 1/3 , 1/4 , 1/5 , 1/6 , 1/7 , 1/8 , 1 /9 , 1 /10 , 1/11 , and so on .
Now let us look at the list of the largest business firms in decreasing order of volume of business ( say the monetary value of sales during a given year ) .
Is there an approximate rule that describes how the sales figures of the firms vary with their ranks ?
Yes , and it is the same rule as for populations .
The volume of business is approximately in inverse proportion to the rank of the firm .
How about the exports from a given country in a given year in decreasing order of monetary value ?
Again , we find the same rule is a fair approximation .
An interesting consequence of that rule is easily verified by perusing any of the lists mentioned , for example a list of cities with their populations .
First let us look at , say , the third digit of each population figure .
As expected , the third digit is randomly distributed ; the numbers of 0s , 1s , 2s , 3s , etc. in the third place are all roughly equal .
A totally different situation obtains for the distribution of first digits , however .
There is an overwhelming preponderance of 1s , followed by 2s , and so forth .
The percentage of population figures with initial 9s is extremely small .
That behavior of the first digit is predicted by the rule , which , if exactly obeyed , would give a proportion of initial 1s to initial 9s of 45 to 1 .
Rank
n City Population
( 1990 ) Unmodified
Zipf 's law
10,000,000
divided by n Modified
Zipf's Law
5,000,000
divided by
( n - 2/5)3/4 1 NewYork 7,322,564 10,000,000 7,334,265 7 Detroit 1,027,974 1,428,571 1,214,261 13 Baltimore 736,014 769,231 747,639 19 Washington , D.C. 606,900 526,316 558,258 25 New Orleans 496,938 400,000 452,656 31 Kansas City , Mo. 434,829 322,581 384,308 37 Virginia Beach , Va. 393,089 270,270 336,015 49 Toledo 332,943 204,082 271,639 61 Arlington ' Texas 261,721 163,934 230,205 73 Baton Rouge , La. 219,531 136,986 201,033 85 Hialeah , Fla .
188,008 117,647 179,243 97 Bakersfield , Calif .
174,820 103,093 162,270 Populations of U.S. cities from the 1994 World Almanac compared with Zipf 's original law and a modified version of it .
What if we put down the World Almanac and pick up a book on secret codes , containing a list of the most common words in a certain kind of English text arranged in decreasing order of frequency of occurrence ?
What is the approximate rule for the frequency of occurrence of each word as a function of its rank ?
Again , we encounter the same rule , which works for other languages as well .
Many of these relationships were noticed in the early 1930s by a certain George Kingsley Zipf , who taught German at Harvard , and they are all aspects of what is now called Zipf 's law .
Today , we would say that Zipf 's law is one of many examples of so - called scaling laws or power laws , encountered in many places in the physical , biological , and behavioral sciences .
But in the 1930s such laws were still something of a novelty .
In Zipf 's law the quantity under study is inversely proportional to the rank , that is , proportional to 1 , 1/2 , 1/3 , 1/4 , etc. Benoit Mandelbrot has shown that a more general power law ( nearly the most general ) is obtained by subjecting this sequence successively to two kinds of modification .
The first alteration is to add a constant to the rank , giving 1 / ( 1 + constant ) , 1 / ( 2 + constant ) , 1/( 3 + constant ) , 1 /( 4 + constant ) , etc .
The further change allows , instead of these fractions , their squares or their cubes or their square roots or any other powers of them .
The choice of the squares , for instance , would yield the sequence 1 / ( 1 + constant ) 2 1/( 2 + constant ) 2 , 1 ( 3 + constant ) 2 , 1 ( 4 + constant ) 2 etc .
The power in the more general power law is 1 for Zipf 's law , 2 for the squares , 3 for the cubes , 1 / 2 for the square roots , and so on .
Mathematics gives a meaning to intermediate values of the power as well , such as 3/4 or 1.0237 .
In general , we can think of the power as 1 plus a second constant .
just as the first constant was added to the rank , so the second one is added to the power .
Zipf 's law is then the special case in which those two constants are zero .
Mandelbrot 's generalization of Zipf 's law is still very simple : the additional complexity lies only in the introduction of the two new adjustable constants , a number added to the rank and a number added to the power 1 .
( An adjustable constant , by the way , is called a " parameter , " a word that has been widely misused lately , perhaps under the influence of the somewhat similar word " perimeter . "
The modified power law has two additional parameters . )
In any given case , instead of comparing data with Zipf 's original law , one can introduce those two constants and adjust them for an optimal fit to the data .
We can see in the chart on page 94 how a slightly modified version of Zipf 's law fits some population data significantly better than Zipf 's original rule ( with both constants set equal to zero ) , which already works fairly well .
" Slightly modified " means that the new constants have rather small values in the altered power law used for the comparison .
( The constants in the chart were chosen by mere inspection of the data .
An optimal fit would have yielded even better agreement with the actual populations . )
When Zipf first described his law , at a time when very few other scaling laws were known , he tried to make an important issue of how his principle distinguished the behavioral from the physical sciences , where such laws were supposedly absent .
Today , after so many power laws have been discovered in physics , those remarks tend to detract from Zipf 's reputation rather than enhance it .
Another circumstance is said to have worked against his reputation as well , namely that he indicated a certain sympathy with Hider 's territorial rearrangements of Europe , perhaps justifying his attitude by arguing that those conquests tended to make the populations of European countries conform more closely to Zipf 's law .
This is an excerpt from
The Fractal Geometry of Nature
by Benoit Mandelbrot , Freeman & Co , 1983
GEORGE KINGSLEY ZIPF
( 1902 - 1950 )
Zipf , an American scholar , started as a philologist but came to describe himself as a statistical human ecologist .
He was for twenty years a Lecturer at Harvard , and died just after having published , apparently at his own expense , Human Behavior and the Principle of Least Effort , ( Zipf 1949 - 1965 ) .
This is one of those books ( Fournier 1907 is another ) in which flashes of genius , projected in many directions , are nearly overwhelmed by a gangue of wild notions and extravagance .
On the one hand , it deals with the shape of sexual organs and justifies the Anschluss of Austria into Germany because it improved the fit of a mathematical formula .
On the other hand , it is filled with figures and tables that hammer away ceaselessly at the empirical law that , in social science statistics , the best combination of mathematical convenience and empirical fit is often given by a scaling probability distribution .
Some examples are studied in Chapter 38 .
Natural scientists recognize in " Zipf 's laws " the counterparts of the scaling laws which physics and astronomy accept with no extraordinary emotion - when evidence points out their validity .
Therefore physicists would find it hard to imagine the fierceness of the opposition when Zipf - and Pareto before him - followed the same procedure , with the same outcome , in the social sciences .
The most diverse attempts continue to be made , to discredit in advance all evidence based on the use of doubly logarithmic graphs .
But I think this method would have remained uncontroversial , were it not for the nature of the conclusion to which it leads .
Unfortunately , a straight doubly logarithmic graph indicates a distribution that flies in the face of the Gaussian dogma , which long ruled uncontested .
The failure of applied statisticians and social scientists to heed Zipf helps account for the striking backwardness of their fields .
Zipf brought encyclopedic fervor to collecting examples of hyperbolic laws in social sciences , and unyielding stamina to defending his findings and analogous findings by others .
However , the present Essay makes it obvious that his basic belief was without merit .
It is not true that frequency distributions are always hyperbolic in the social sciences , and always Gaussian in the natural sciences .
An even more serious failing was that Zipf tied his findings together with empty verbal argument , and came nowhere close to integrating them into a body of thought .
At a critical point in my life ( Chapter 42 ) , I read a wise review of Human Behavior by the mathematician J. L. Walsh .
By only mentioning what was good , this review influenced greatly my early scientific work , and its indirect influence continues .
Therefore , I owe a great deal to Zipf through Walsh .
Otherwise Zipf 's influence is likely to remain marginal .
One sees in him , in the clearest fashion - even in caricature - the extraordinary difficulties that surround any interdisciplinary approach .
W. Li from Rockefeller University gathered a comprehensive bibliography on Zipf's Law .
| Contact| | Front page| | Contents| | Probability |
Copyright © 1996 - 2018 Alexander Bogomolny
As I type these words I 'm periodically switching to another window , in which a chubby woman sits on the fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square , applying make - up .
She 's occasionally shouting " morning ! " at people .
Apart from that , nothing 's happening .
Yet it 's so compelling , I can't stop flipping over to look at it , even though I 'm on deadline .
Now she 's texting .
Now she 's on the phone to someone .
Now she 's stood up .
This column 's never going to get written .
I 'm talking , of course , about Antony Gormley 's One & Other ( oneandother.co.uk ) the " public art " project in which people take turns standing on the fourth plinth for an hour .
It lasts 100 days , so that 's 2,400 people , each of whom has their 60 minutes of glory streamed live on the internet .
There 's also a weekly catch - up " highlights " show on the Sky Arts channel .
It 's Big Brother : Tate Modern Edition , essentially .
I say Big Brother : it 's actually more like the good old days of Big Brother ; the early ones when we were astounded to watch live footage of people simply pottering around in a kitchen .
When the housemates were left to " get on with it " rather than dress as pirates and play party games every four minutes .
The days when nothing happened and we did n't mind .
That 's what this is like , minus a Geordie voiceover .
Mind you , even though the " plinthers " have zero opportunity to form holiday romances or start racist arguments ( what with being alone up there ) they 're equally - if not more - attention - seeking than your average BB housemates .
Half of them have come in fancy dress .
We 've already had a man dressed as a town crier bellowing about his pub , a man dressed as a cat fielding texts from the public , and a woman who did the midnight - 1 am shift disguised as a giant pigeon , occasionally emitting a rather half - hearted " cooo " noise .
( Her costume was particularly rubbish : she looked like the lead in an illegal Turkish version of Batman shot on a budget of 25 p . )
In other words , it 's " Britain's Got People " .
Except no one 's judged or voted off .
They get their full slot regardless .
The comedy writer Dan Maier ( a regular TV Burp contributor , fact fans ) quickly defined a condition called " Twenty - Minute Sink - In - the point at which plinthers realise their idea will sustain nowhere near an hour " .
Andy Warhol was spot on : 15 minutes is just right .
After that they start to visibly deflate .
A mini -breakdown ensues .
The town crier quickly seemed to turn on the passers - by , berating them for not asking any questions .
No one 's done a shit or started jerking off yet , but that 's bound to happen before the 100 days are up .
It 's like a David Blaine stunt taking place for no discernible point .
So just like a David Blaine stunt , then .
There 's also no technological " public interaction " system in place , although you can go down there in person and shout at them .
That happened a fair bit last night .
Trafalgar Square 's pretty rowdy at 1 am .
No one 's thrown a bottle high enough to catch one yet - and hopefully they wo n't - but that 's bound to happen before the 100 days are up too .
Every hour , on the hour , a cherry picker comes in to swap one plinther for another .
Right now the chubby woman's now being replaced by - uh oh - a man dressed as a turd carrying a loudhailer .
He 's protesting that 2.5 billion people do n't have a proper toilet .
Or clean water .
Ah , he 's doing it for Water Aid .
It 's like the London Marathon for people who can't be arsed running .
Fifteen minutes have expired for turd man , so now he 's gone a bit quiet .
But he does , at least , have some props : a giant fish head , which he 'll presumably get to in a few minutes .
If you 're applying to go on the plinth ( which you can do , via their website ) , I 'd recommend taking a good book , or at the very least a Nintendo DS .
Or maybe a small video recording of the previous plinther to stare at .
Because it 's a proper time sponge , this .
Dangerously hypnotic .
Sod the Angel Of The North .
This is brilliantly futile .
The U.S. Secretary of Energy — channeling former Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev perhaps ?—has one thing to say in this week 's Science to the greenhouse gases emitted by coal - fired power plants :
We will bury you .
Nobel laureate Steven Chu's department has funneled $ 3.4 billion in stimulus dollars to research and develop the technology known as carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) .
But to give you a sense of the challenge , here are his estimates of the scale of the challenge : six billion metric tons of coal burned every year , producing 18 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide and requiring an underground storage volume of 30,000 cubic kilometers per year with untold consequences on subsurface pressure , mineral composition and the like .
And we are nowhere near that scale : " We now sequester a few million metric tons of CO2 per year , " he wrote , largely from cleaning natural gas or so - called " enhanced oil recovery " efforts , in which CO2 is pumped down to flush out more of the valuable petroleum ( and therefore not as useful , from a climate perspective , as sequestration for its own sake ) .
But there is hope .
This week the world 's first carbon capture and storage at an actual power plant burning coal fired up near New Haven , W. Va.
China is following suit , according to a news story in the same issue of Science , launching the Erdos coal - to - liquid plant in Inner Mongolia that will capture some of its 3.6 million metric tons of CO2 emissions and use it to flush out oil from nearby fields .
That 's good because such carbon capture and storage " may be the single most effective and direct climate action available , " geoscientist R. Stuart Haszeldine wrote in the same issue of Science .
Technologies , like amine scrubbers and chilled ammonia or oxyfuel , continue to be improved in the lab and at demonstration projects .
And new storage options may be opening up , ranging from offshore sediments to basalt , briny aquifers to porous sandstone .
Even capturing carbon dioxide from the air — it makes up 0.04 percent of the air we breathe — might prove possible , according to would - be geoengineer David Keith of the University of Calgary .
Haszeldine and his colleagues therefore call for a quick infusion of massive funds on a global scale , something Steven Chu appears to have at least started in the U.S .
And the energy secretary hopes to see major results within a decade .
But is carbon capture and storage really necessary ?
After all , some studies have shown that major emitters like China or the U.S. could get all their energy from renewables , such as wind or solar .
Chu , for one , does n't buy it .
" It is highly unlikely that any of these countries will turn their back on coal any time soon , and for this reason , the capture and storage of CO2 emissions from fossil fuel power plants must be aggressively pursued , " he wrote .
" There are many hurdles to making CCS a reality , but none appear insurmountable … .
The climate problem compels us to act with fierce urgency . "
You can't mention these on Reddit anymore because the site hard bans them , which means that mods are forced to categorize them as " spam " in order to have an empty modqueue .
I support Open Discussion .
That is , you can talk about anything you want as long as it is on - topic and said in a matter befitting a congenial , informed discussion .
This approach avoids viewpoint discrimination but keeps away off - topic , spam , slurs , obscenities , and harassment .
Viewpoint discrimination is a form of content discrimination particularly disfavored by the courts .
When the government engages in content discrimination , it is restricting speech on a given subject matter .
When it engages in viewpoint discrimination , it is singling out a particular opinion or perspective on that subject matter for treatment unlike that given to other viewpoints .
This does away with the arbitrary dichotomy of " hate speech " and replaces it with the notion that you can express any idea , as long as you do so …
YOKOHAMA , Japan ( Reuters ) - Nissan Motor
Co took the wraps off its much - awaited electric car on Sunday , naming the hatchback “ Leaf ” and taking a step toward its goal of leading the industry in the zero-emissions field .
People are reflected on a Nissan logo at the company headquarters in Tokyo July 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Toru Hanai
Japan ’s No.3 automaker and its French partner , Renault SA , have been the most aggressive proponents of pure electric vehicles in the auto industry , announcing plans to mass - market the clean but expensive cars globally in 2012 .
Nissan will begin selling the first Leaf cars in the United States and Japan in the latter half of next year , adding two more models soon after .
It expects production to start with around 200,000 units a year at the global roll - out in 2012 .
Twinning the car ’s unveiling with the inauguration of Nissan ’s new global headquarters in Yokohama , south of Tokyo , Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn drove up to a stage in a sky - blue Leaf prototype , carrying former Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and two other guests to greet a throng of journalists who made the trip from all over the world .
“ We celebrate today the start of a new chapter of our company ’s life , ” Ghosn said .
Nissan is returning to the port city of Yokohama , where it was founded in 1933 , after being based in Tokyo ’s posh Ginza district for the last 41 years .
Hit by sliding vehicle sales worldwide since the financial crisis hit last year , Nissan has suspended its goals set under a mid-term business plan , with the exception of its aggressive push into the electric car business .
With oil prices topping $ 60 even in a recession and environmental regulations tightening all the time , Ghosn said he was optimistic about electric vehicles entering the mainstream , expecting them to represent one in 10 new cars globally by 2020 .
“ We are seeing electric cars not as a niche car but as a mass - market car , ” he told reporters after the inauguration .
“ The big problem is going to be ( production ) capacity . ”
Ghosn described the Leaf as a “ powerful car , like having a turbo ” charger except with no delay in response since there is no gear shift .
He stressed that despite the growing popularity of gasoline - electric hybrid vehicles in some markets , they remained a niche with less than 2 percent of the global market .
BACKTRACKING ON HYBRID SKEPTICISM ?
Other automakers such as Toyota Motor Corp and Volkswagen AG have also announced plans to launch electric cars in the next several years , but they say it could take decades for the vehicles to spread due to their high cost , limited driving range and long charging times with the current battery technology .
Nissan did not announce pricing for the five - seater Leaf , but Ghosn said the price , without the expensive lithium - ion battery that Nissan is considering leasing , would be within the range of a comparable gasoline - engine car .
Nissan ’s Leaf has a top speed of over 140 km / hour ( 76 mph ) and a cruising range of at least 160 km ( 100 miles ) -- a distance that covers the needs of 80 percent of the world ’s drivers , according to Nissan .
The carmaker has lagged its bigger domestic rivals Toyota and Honda Motor Co in offering fuel - sipping hybrid cars , which have taken the Japanese market by storm this year with the help of government stimulus steps .
For years , Ghosn has downplayed the importance of hybrid cars -- both for consumers hoping to save money at the pump and for manufacturers looking to make profit .
As recently as a month ago , he sought to knock down the hybrid hype , saying electric cars were a far better alternative despite their limited cruising range .
But in what could signal a major shift in strategy , Ghosn said Nissan would leave the option open to offering hybrid vehicles if the market demands it .
So far , Nissan has only announced plans to launch an internally developed hybrid vehicle on high - end models .
“ It ’s going to take some time before we have a complete , full ( electric vehicle ) product line - up from entry level to the top , ” he said .
“ In the meantime , you just cannot abandon the market -- you ’re going to have to continue to develop your product line - up with combustion engine , clean diesel , hybrids , etc . ”
Number 9 , number 9 , number 9 .
The Beatles ’ “ Revolution 9 ” has the above loop , and their version of Rock Band is being released today .
The movie 9 comes out today , too .
When a number has a lot of nines in it , like .99999999999999999 , many computer systems can run into rounding problems .
Fortunately , Mathematica can handle both exact and numeric forms .
Here are exact forms of various
numbers whose numeric forms have lots of nines .
Can your system figure these numbers out ?
Here are the Mathematica input forms for them :
Numbers such as these occur in the study of almost integers .
When trigonometric functions are added , then the number of nines can greatly increase .
For example , 2017 21/5 / π ≈ 737.50000000208 , and thus sin( 2017 21/5 ) ≈ – 0.99999999999999997857 .
Pisot numbers can also be fantastically close to an integer .
Here are the numerical approximations for the numbers above .
1. 0.99999999999999999999999999999992878288974707564089
2. 0.99999999999999999999999999999992888272478918067295
3. 0.99999999999999999999999999999999990016495789496794
4. 110.99999996188658332
5. 0.99999996813007188185
6. 0.99999999871766046865
7. 5.9999999561918933296
8. 49.999999106159879944
9. 0.99999994563238375162
As the Beatles might say , “ Take this , brother ; may it serve you well ….
Number 9 , number 9 , number 9 . ”
( CNN ) --
There 's a saying that the German peace movement has been using since the days of the Cold War that translates into something like this : " Imagine there 's a war and no one shows up . "
Chancellor Angela Merkel and rival Frank Walter Steinmeier are shown on a giant screen .
Adapt that to German politics and you have a pretty good summary of Sunday 's pre-election TV debate between Chancellor Angela Merkel of the Christian Democratic Union and her rival Frank Walter Steinmeier , of the Social Democratic Party , who is also this country 's Foreign Minister : " Imagine there 's an election and no one fights to win . "
That is what viewers saw last night .
With just two weeks to go until Germany goes to the polls , both candidates opened up by praising each other and saying how well they have been working together .
Four years ago Merkel and Steinmeier teamed up as Chancellor and Vice Chancellor in a grand coalition , pledging to tackle rising unemployment and a financial crisis that would drag Germany into the deepest recession it had seen since World War II .
" I think our coalition has done a good job , " Merkel said , before adding that she wanted to see her party become stronger to form a more business - friendly government .
The divisions between the two remained unclear for most of the debate , which might not be too surprising given that they were forced to put to rest many of their differences in an effort to combat the recession .
Neither Steinmeier nor Merkel are known as tough political fighters anyway .
But Steinmeier -- who used to head the chancellery under Merkel 's predecessor , Gerhard Schroeder -- is losing in the polls , despite being responsible for many of the reforms that have made Germany more competitive economically .
Depending on which survey you take , he trails Merkel by between 13 and 15 points .
Still he remained tame .
In his most passionate attack he said , " I believe democracy lives and only lives when you have social equality .
That 's what I will take care of with a government led by the SPD .
" I believe responsibility and common sense must be returned to the economy .
I will look after the jobs of tomorrow and that we do n't return to nuclear power .
That 's what I stand for and this is why I want your support . "
However , a moment that will surely be remembered was when Steinmeier and Merkel teamed up and attacked the reporters anchoring the debate on the topic of General Motors and the sale of its German subsidiary , Opel , which the German government facilitated with loan guarantees .
For those who managed to watch the entire debate some differences could be seen between the two candidates : Merkel said she wants to lower taxes after the election to jumpstart the economy ; while said this would ruin public finances at a time when Germany has been forced into its biggest public deficit since World War II .
Merkel is also contemplating extending the use of nuclear energy , while Steinmeier wants to continue shutting down nuclear power plants .
And Steinmeier wants a minimum wage in Germany , while Merkel says this would cost too many jobs .
All this was served up in a cozy and respectful atmosphere by two candidates who rarely interrupted each other and often defended their common policies .
One topic dangerously neglected was Germany 's involvement in Afghanistan , where the country has more than 4,000 troops on the ground .
Earlier this month , a German commander called in an air strike to bomb alleged Taliban militants who had reportedly stolen two tankers .
A report by an Afghan government commission later concluded that many civilians were probably killed in the air raid .
The two candidates gave this issue about a minute and half .
After watching the debate -- or the " TV duel , " as it 's been called in Germany -- it seems both candidates are playing around with the possibility of extending their grand coalition for another four years .
They certainly appear to be getting on quite well .
All About Germany • Angela Merkel
So Kristol thought the bell - shaped distribution of income in the United States , and the similarly shaped distributions among our economic peers , proved that income inequality merely followed the natural inequality of human talent .
As it happens , Kristol wrote that passage shortly before a boom in inequality , one that drove the income share of the highest - earning 1 percent of the population from around 8 percent ( when he was writing ) to 24 percent today , and which stretched the bell curve of the income distribution into a distended sloping curve with a lengthy right tail .
At the same time , America has also grown vastly more unequal in comparison with the European countries cited by Kristol .
This suggests one of two possibilities .
The first is that the inherent human talent of America ’s economic elite has massively increased over the last generation , relative to that of the American middle class and that of the European economic elite .
The second is that bargaining power , political power , and other circumstances can effect the distribution of income — which is to say , again , that one ’s income level is not a good indicator of a person ’s ability , let alone of a person ’s social value .
The final feature of Randian thought that has come to dominate the right is its apocalyptic thinking about redistribution .
Rand taught hysteria .
The expressions of terror at the “ confiscation ” and “ looting ” of wealth , and the loose talk of the rich going on strike , stands in sharp contrast to the decidedly non-Bolshevik measures that they claim to describe .
The reality of the contemporary United States is that , even as income inequality has exploded , the average tax rate paid by the top 1 percent has fallen by about one - third over the last twenty - five years .
Again : it has fallen .
The rich have gotten unimaginably richer , and at the same time their tax burden has dropped significantly .
And yet conservatives routinely describe this state of affairs as intolerably oppressive to the rich .
Since the share of the national income accruing to the rich has grown faster than their average tax rate has shrunk , they have paid an ever - rising share of the federal tax burden .
This is the fact that so vexes the right .
Most of the right - wing commentary purporting to prove that the rich bear the overwhelming burden of government relies upon the simple trick of citing only the income tax , which is progressive , while ignoring more regressive levies .
A brief overview of the facts lends some perspective to the fears of a new Red Terror .
Our government divides its functions between the federal , state , and local levels .
State and local governments tend to raise revenue in ways that tax the poor at higher rates than the rich .
( It is difficult for a state or a locality to maintain higher rates on the rich , who can easily move to another town or state that offers lower rates . )
The federal government raises some of its revenue from progressive sources , such as the income tax , but also healthy chunks from regressive levies , such as the payroll tax .
The sum total of these taxes levies a slightly higher rate on the rich .
The bottom 99 percent of taxpayers pay 29.4 percent of their income in local , state , and federal taxes .
The top 1 percent pay an average total tax rate of 30.9 percent — slightly higher , but hardly the sort of punishment that ought to prompt thoughts of withdrawing from society to create a secret realm of capitalistic übermenschen .
These numbers tend to bounce back and forth , depending upon which party controls the government at any given time .
If Obama succeeds in enacting his tax policies , the tax burden on the rich will bump up slightly , just as it bumped down under George W. Bush .
What is so striking , and serves as the clearest mark of Rand ’s lasting influence , is the language of moral absolutism applied by the right to these questions .
Conservatives define the see - sawing of the federal tax - and - transfer system between slightly redistributive and very slightly redistributive as a culture war over capitalism , or a final battle to save the free enterprise system from the hoard of free - riders .
And Obama certainly is expanding the role of the federal government , though probably less than George W. Bush did .
( The Democratic health care bills would add considerably less net expenditure to the federal budget than Bush ’s prescription drug benefit . )
The hysteria lies in the realization that Obama would make the government more redistributive — that he would steal from the virtuous ( them ) and give to the undeserving .
Like many other followers of Rand , John Allison of BB&T has taken to claiming vindication in the convulsive events of the past year .
“ Rand predicted what would happen fifty years ago , ” he told The New York Times .
“ It ’s a nightmare for anyone who supports individual rights . ”
If Rand was truly right , of course , then Allison will flee his home and join his fellow supermen in some distant capitalist nirvana .
So perhaps the economic crisis may bring some good after all .
Jonathan Chait is a senior editor at The New Republic .
You read and hear about so many “ untimely ” deaths in our world today , but what about the rare and poetic “ timely ” deaths that occur ?
Here is a list that shows the Grim Reaper can be very timely indeed .
10 . Henrik Ibsen ( 1828-1906 ) , Playwright
Ibsen was a Norwegian playwright and poet .
He was often referred to as the “ father of modern drama ” and he left his mortal coil with his title seemingly in mind .
While laying in his deathbed , a nurse told visitors in his room that he was doing a little better .
Ibsen , without opening his eyes , uttered : “ Tvertimod ” ( “ On the contrary ” ) .
He died shortly after without speaking another word .
9. Domitian ( 51-96 AD ) , Roman Emperor
Early in his life , astrological predictions had determined Domitian would be murdered around noon on September 18 , 96 AD .
When the date arrived he waited out the prophecy in his bedroom .
His servants were were conspiring to murder him and lured him from his quarters by telling him it was after noon and he would be safe .
He was then told his niece ’s steward , Stephanus , had important news about a plot to murder him .
When Domitian visited Stephanus , the steward gave him a list of conspirators as a distraction and then stabbed him with the help of four accomplices .
He died , as was predicted , close to noon .
8. Leonard Warren ( 1911 - 1960 ) , Opera Singer
Warren was in a performance of La forza del destino when he died on stage .
Eyewitnesses report that Warren had completed La Forza ’s Act III aria , which begins “ Morir , tremenda cosa ” ( “ to die , a momentous thing ” ) , and was then supposed to open a sealed wallet , examine the contents and cry out “ E salvo , o gioia ” ( “ He is safe , oh joy ” ) .
But as fate would have it , he died of a heart attack after his prophetic statement on death .
7. Elizabeth Ryan ( 1892-1979 ) , Tennis Player
Ryan won 19 Wimbledon championships during her tennis career and her record lasted 45 years .
On July 7 , 1979 , Billie Jean King won her 20th Wimbledon title , breaking the long - standing record by Ryan .
But Ryan avoided seeing her record broken , as she died the night before while in the Wimbledon clubhouse .
6. Arnold Schoenberg ( 13 September 1874 – 13 July 1951 ) , Composer
Schoenberg suffered from triskaidekaphobia , the fear of the number 13 , and believed the number 13 would play a role in his death .
His superstitious nature may have , indeed , caused his death .
He dreaded his 76th year ( 7+6=13 ) when he discovered July 13 of that year ( 1951 ) fell on a Friday .
When the day arrived , he stayed in bed for what he suspected would be his last day on earth .
In a letter to Schoenberg ’s sister Ottilie , dated August 1951 , his wife , Gertrud , reported , “ About a quarter to twelve I looked at the clock and said to myself : another quarter of an hour and then the worst is over .
Then the doctor called me .
Arnold ’s throat rattled twice , his heart gave a powerful beat and that was the end . ”
His time of death was 11:47 p.m. , 13 minutes until midnight .
( His time of death has been shown as 11:45 as well ) .
5. Charles Davies ( 1927-1995 ) , Singer
At the age of 67 , Davies was performing at the Cotsworld Male Voice Choir in England .
He was singing a farewell song , “ Good - bye ” and finished with the words , “ I wish you all a last good - bye ” As the crowd stood and applauded , Davies collapsed and died .
4. George Story
The first Life magazine featured a picture of a newborn baby .
That baby was George Story .
The cover read , “ Life Begins . ”
Throughout the publication life of the magazine , readers were updated on his life events up until the day he died .
On April 4 , 2000 , only a few days after Life announced it would stop publication , Story died .
Poetically , the final issue of Life printed one last article about George Story .
It was simply titled , “ A Life Ends . ”
3. Mark Twain ( 1835 - 1910 ) , Writer
Mark Twin was born during the passing of Halley ’s Comet in 1835 .
He said that he had come into the world with Halley ’s Comet and would leave the world with it as well .
True to his word , he died on April 21 , 1910 as Halley ’s comment returned .
2. Charles Schulz ( 1922-2000 ) , Cartoonist
In 1999 Charles Schulz announced his upcoming retirement due to poor health .
He died February 12 , 2000 the night before the last original Peanuts comic ran in newspapers .
Fellow cartoonist Lynn Johnson ( “ For Better of Worse ” ) said , “ He made one last deadline .
There ’s romance in that . ”
1. Thomas Jefferson ( 1743-1826 ) , U.S. President
The former president was 83 - years - old at the time of his death .
He had not been feeling well but had hopes of lasting until July 4 , 1826 , which was the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence .
He asked from his sickbed , “ This is the Fourth ? ”
When he was told it was , he died quietly .
Coincidentally , his good friend and former president , John Adams passed away just hours later .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
Enlarge The Federal Reserve should be abolished , " writes Ron Paul , " because it is immoral , unconstitutional , impractical , promotes bad economics , and undermines liberty . "
This is the thesis of Paul 's End the Fed ( Grand Central Publishing , $ 21.99 , 224 pages ) , the Texas congressman 's case against the Federal Reserve .
The title was taken from a slogan that Paul heard chanted at various rallies and conventions , filling him with hope that monetary policy has become a subject worthy of popular protest .
Many people consider the Fed an " indispensable institution , " but few know what the central bank actually does .
For example , the Fed " can create trillions of dollars and distribute them to its cronies without congressional oversight , " writes Paul , a former GOP presidential candidate .
Creating an endless supply of money is the worst offense of the Fed , an institution that Paul believes is the root of many of the nation 's problems , including : • A monetary policy that benefits bankers , rather than the common man .
The 1910 meeting where the idea for the Federal Reserve was drafted involved bankers and government officials working in secrecy on Jekyll Island off the Georgia coast .
• Giving too - big - to - fail banks little reason to pursue efforts toward efficiency because the Fed is there to save them in a crisis .
• Giving government a blank check with which to wage war .
When governments have to finance wars without central bank cash infusions , they 're forced to economize on resources and end the conflict as soon as possible .
Instead , Paul argues , our government , backed by the Fed , is like " an irresponsible teenager with an unlimited line of credit . "
• Interfering with the ability of the free market to give accurate feedback to borrowers and lenders .
Artificially low interest rates can distort signals that borrowers use to assess risk , which can lead to false confidence in the economy and excessive use of capital .
• Creating " moral hazard " through market rescue of companies .
The sense of responsibility for one 's own actions is removed , conditioning business people to believe they can enjoy the rewards of the market , yet pass on the penalties to others .
• Fueling inflation by increasing the money supply without regard to the pace of economic growth , thus debasing the currency in much the same way that counterfeiting steals value from every dollar .
It 's no surprise that Paul , the Libertarian standard bearer , should number among his intellectual influences two legends of the Austrian free - market school of economics , Ludwig von Mises , and Friedrich von Hayek , author of The Road to Serfdom , considered among the most influential books of the 20th century .
In Paul 's best - case scenario , the Fed would be dismantled .
With its demise , he argues , rationality would be restored to monetary policy .
With limits on the printing of money , inflation would halt , the dollar would keep its value , and banks and government would spend within their means .
In short , the federal government would have to raise money as states do , and face the same balanced - budget constraints .
Paul also envisions a return to the gold standard , which was abandoned in 1933 , and Americans being able to trade in gold and silver bullion .
The book includes transcripts of Paul 's conversations with former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan and current occupant Ben Bernanke , which feel more like grandstanding than helpful additions to the book 's argument .
Still , Paul offers a cogent defense of his position .
Readers may question his desire to return to a gold standard , but Paul makes a strong case for the importance of sound monetary policy .
To Paul , the small steps we take toward a sound policy begin with curtailing the unchecked power of the Federal Reserve .
Seth Brown is a freelance writer and the author of Rhode Island Curiosities .
His website is www.RisingPun.com
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Much of the new data comes from a trench dug out of low - lying hills in northeastern Mexico at a site called El Peñon .
A group of Princeton undergraduates , including Richard Lease ( left ) and Steven Andrews ( right ) , accompanying Princeton Professor Gerta Keller on a field trip to Mexico in 2004 excavated the area and uncovered the new evidence .
Keller and her team have been analyzing that evidence for the last several years .
Credit : Photo : Courtesy of Gerta Keller
A Princeton University geoscientist who has stirred controversy with her studies challenging a popular theory that an asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs has compiled powerful new evidence asserting her position .
Gerta Keller , whose studies of rock formations at many sites in the United States , Mexico and India have led her to conclude that volcanoes , not a vast meteorite , were the more likely culprits in the demise of the Earth 's giant reptiles , is producing new data supporting her claim .
Keller , a Princeton professor of geosciences , and several co-authors lay out the case in a paper published April 27 in the Journal of the Geological Society of London .
Examinations at several new sites have produced " biotic evidence " -- the fossilized traces of plants and animals tied to the period in question -- indicating that a massive die - off did not occur directly after the strike but much later .
In addition , Keller and other researchers have found " aftermath " sediments that remained undisturbed and showed signs of active life , with burrows formed by creatures colonizing the ocean floor .
This would quash a theory advanced by some that a massive tsunami followed the impact , Keller said .
" Careful documentation of results that are reproducible and verifiable will uncover what really happened , " Keller said .
" This study takes an important step in that direction . "
Much of the new data comes from a trench dug out of low - lying hills in northeastern Mexico at a site called El Peñon .
A group of Princeton undergraduates accompanying Keller on a field trip to Mexico in 2004 excavated the area and uncovered the new evidence .
Keller and her team have been analyzing that evidence for the last several years .
Understanding what caused the dinosaurs to disappear remains a great mystery .
Theories attempting to explain it include asteroid or cometary impacts , volcanoes , global climate change , rising sea levels and supernova explosions .
Scientists know that at a point about 65 million years ago , some phenomenon triggered mass extinctions on the land and oceans .
This event defines the boundary between the older Mesozoic Era , the " Age of Reptiles , " and the modern Cenozoic Era , the " Age of Mammals . "
On a finer geological scale , the disappearances occurred between the Cretaceous ( K ) period and the Tertiary ( T ) period .
As a result , scientists refer to this time as the K - T boundary .
At many locations , the K - T boundary is clearly visible in rock formations , which contain a thin layer of clay rich in the element iridium .
Because iridium is more common in asteroids and comets than on Earth , scientists proposed in 1980 that an asteroid or comet must have struck Earth just at the boundary and caused the mass extinction of dinosaurs and many other animals .
They thought they had found the culprit when they discovered the Chicxulub impact crater in Mexico 's northern Yucatan .
Keller began studying the K - T boundary in 1984 -- the year she arrived at Princeton .
She discovered that the evidence for the asteroid theory was not so clear .
In field investigations , she and her team of students and collaborators found populations of Cretaceous age foraminifera , one - celled ocean organisms that evolved rapidly during select geological periods , living on top of the impact fallout from Chicxulub .
The fallout from the asteroid that struck Chicxulub is visible as a layer of glassy beads of molten rock that rained down after the impact .
If this impact caused the mass extinction , then the foraminifera above the impact glass beads should have been the newly evolved species of the Tertiary age .
Using these fossil remains to construct a timeline , she and her team were able to date the surrounding geologic features and begin to piece together proof that the impact occurred 300,000 years before the great extinction .
Over the years , Keller 's group has amassed evidence for as many as four major events widely separated in time in that area of Mexico as well as in Texas .
The oldest of the four events is the Chicxulub impact , seen by the fallout of glass beads .
The second is about 150,000 years later and seen in a layer of sandstone with Chicxulub impact glass beads that were transported from shallow shore areas into deep waters during a sea level fall and was commonly interpreted as a tsunami generated by the Chicxulub impact .
About 100,000 to 150,000 years later , the third event struck at the time of the K - T boundary with its iridium layer and mass extinction .
This event may represent a second large impact or massive volcanism .
The fourth event is possibly a smaller impact as evidenced by another iridium layer about 100,000 years after the mass extinction .
Advocates of the Chicxulub impact theory suggest that the impact crater and the mass extinction event only appear far apart in the sedimentary record because an earthquake or tsunami caused slumps and mixing of sediments surrounding the Gulf of Mexico .
To date no evidence of major disturbance has been found in the sediments .
Keller says her team 's newest research , however , confirms what she has found in earlier studies -- that the sandstone complex that overlays the impact layer was not deposited over hours or days by a tsunami but over a long time period .
From El Peñon in Mexico and other sites listed in the new study , the scientists were able to calculate that between 13 and 30 feet of sediments were deposited at a rate of about an inch per thousand years after the impact .
These sediments separating the impact layer from the sandstone complex and the overlying mass extinction were formed by normal processes .
There is evidence of erosion and transportation of sediments in the sandstone layers , but no evidence of structural disturbance , Keller said .
Also at El Peñon , the researchers found 52 species present in sediments below the impact layer and counted all 52 still present in the layer above it , indicating that the impact has not had the devasting biotic effect on species diversity as has been suggested .
" Not a single species went extinct as a result of the Chicxulub impact , " Keller said .
In contrast , she noted , at a nearby site known as La Sierrita where the K - T boundary , iridium anomaly and mass extinction are recorded , 31 out of 44 species disappeared from the fossil record at the K - T boundary .
" Keller and colleagues continue to amass detailed stratigraphic information supporting new thinking about the Chicxulub impact and the mass extinction at the end of the Cretaceous , " said Richard Lane , program director in the National Science Foundation 's division of earth sciences , which funded the research .
" The two may not be linked after all . "
Keller suggests that the massive volcanic eruptions at the Deccan Traps in India may be responsible for the extinction , releasing massive amounts of dust and gases that could have blocked sunlight , altered climate and caused acid rain .
The fact that the Chicxulub impact seems to have had no effect on biota , she said , despite its 6 - mile - in - diameter size , indicates that even large asteroid impacts may not be as deadly as imagined .
She regards the latest evidence as sufficiently convincing and compelling to allow her to move on and investigate further the evidence for Deccan volcanism as being at the root of dinosaur extinction .
But she does not expect her teams ' present work will stop the raging debate at the heart of this controversy .
" The decades - old controversy over the cause of the K - T mass extinction will never achieve consensus , " Keller said .
But consensus , she added , is not a precondition to advancing science and unraveling truth .
" What is necessary is careful documentation of results that are reproducible and verifiable , " she said .
Source : Princeton University
Explore further New Blow for Dinosaur - Killing Asteroid Theory
International finance has always been one of the more elusive areas of economics , in part because the channels through which capital moves around the world are so tortuous that the system looks as if it had been thought up by Rube Goldberg .
It ’s not surprising , therefore , that among all the various forces and factors to be blamed for the current global economic crisis — deregulation , Alan Greenspan , credit - default swaps , the power of the financial lobby , excessive leverage , securitization , Wall Street greed — the most difficult to get one ’s head around is the international monetary system .
It has long been recognized that the global financial structure — built as it is around the dollar as the world ’s reserve currency — has a fundamental design flaw that makes it inherently unstable .
The problem was first identified back in the early 1960s by the Belgian - American economist Robert Triffin , in “ Gold and the Dollar Crisis . ”
Writing about Europe ’s accumulation of dollars , he argued that the system carried the seeds of its own destruction .
Foreigners could acquire dollars only if the United States ran current account deficits — that is , spent more than it earned .
But lending money to someone who lives beyond his means has obvious dangers , and the same is true of countries .
Thus , the American deficits necessary to supply dollars to the world for international transactions simultaneously undermined confidence in the currency .
It was only a matter of time , Triffin predicted , before the system would be hit by a crisis — which it duly was in the early 1970s .
At the beginning of the current decade a group of commentators , the most ­articulate being the Financial Times columnist Martin Wolf , updated Triffin ’s critique and applied it to current arrangements .
Whereas Triffin had been primarily concerned about the European accumulation of dollars , the spotlight was now on Asia .
In the wake of the 1997 financial crisis there , countries in East Asia set out to build up war chests of dollars as insurance against domestic banking runs or downturns in the global economy .
At about the same time , China embarked on a program of export - led growth , engineered by keeping its currency artificially low .
Interpretations of what happened next differ .
Some argue that to absorb these goods from abroad while avoiding unemployment at home , the United States very consciously stimulated consumer demand .
The country , in effect , was forced to live beyond its means .
Others believe that the Fed misread the fall in prices as a symptom of inadequate demand rather than for what it was — an astounding , once - in - a - generation expansion in the supply of low - cost goods — and kept interest rates low for an unusually long time , which provoked the real estate bubble .
They ’re not your friends
This is already been pretty well picked up elsewhere while I was busy converting the blog : see How New York ’s Finest Get the Weed Out at Reason and Scott Morgan ’s Police Will Do Anything to Arrest People for Marijuana , but I wanted to make sure I mentioned it .
I ’m talking about Harry G. Levine ’s article : The Epidemic of Pot Arrests in New York City in Alternet .
You see , in New York , having a small amount of marijuana in your pocket is not an arrest - able offense .
However , having it out in the open is .
According to U.S. Supreme Court decisions , police are allowed to thoroughly pat down the outside of someone ’s clothing looking for a gun , which is bulky and easy to detect .
But police cannot legally search inside a person ’s pockets and belongings without permission or probable cause .
However , police officers can legally make false statements to people they stop , and officers can trick people into revealing things .
So in a stern , authoritative voice , NYPD officers will say to the young people they stop : “ We ’re going to have to search you .
If you have anything illegal you should show it to us now .
If we find something when we search you , you ’ll have to spend the night in jail .
But if you show us what you have now , maybe we can just give you a ticket .
And if it ’s nothing but a little weed , maybe we can let you go .
So if you ’ve got anything you ’re not supposed to have , take it out and show it now . ”
When police say this , the young people usually take out their small amount of marijuana and hand it over .
Their marijuana is now “ open to public view . ”
And that – having a bit of pot out and open to be seen – technically makes it a crime , a fingerprintable offense .
And for cooperating with the police , the young people are handcuffed and jailed .
People really need to know about this kind of stuff .
Serve and protect is a thing of the past .
Deceive and destroy are the mottos of today .
Consider this story .
A school teacher who liked to smoke pot on his own time in his own home was robbed .
He told the police that it was money that was stolen , not pot ( he would have been stupid to say that his pot was stolen ) .
The robber was caught and made up a bunch of stories about the teacher having child porn , hosting drug parties for underage children , etc .
So the police released those un-investigated allegations ( which turned out to be false ) to the media , destroying the teacher ’s life , and jailed the teacher for pot and obstruction of justice ( failing to say that it was pot that was stolen from him ) .
The thief was n’t charged .
Or , read this story To Catch a Stoner in Oregon .
Tigard police have been on Craigs List trolling for lonely men .
“ Tuesday is my last day at work this week and I wanna party on Tues night !!
I ’m a hot blonde who has all the right moves . ”
The ad promised to trade those moves to anyone who could offer some “ 420 , ” or marijuana .
And the lonely guys who responded ?
Walsh had 3.5 grams of weed in his pocket — normally enough to earn him nothing more than a ticket .
But because he ’d agreed to trade drugs for sex , the cops charged Walsh with misdemeanor prostitution and delivery of drugs , a felony , and booked him into Washington County Jail .
Fortunately , the DA ’s office is refusing to prosecute some of the cases , realizing that it ’s classic entrapment .
( Read the whole article , it ’s quite interesting . )
I would like to see the day where the public could feel comfortable with trusting the police .
Right now , that trust just is n’t there in most cases ( that does n’t mean that there are n’t individual officers that I trust and admire — there are — just that the occupation as a whole is tarnished , largely by the drug war ) .
It ’s important to remember that the police are allowed to lie to you .
Some take quite a bit of pride in that fact .
When they say that they ’re your friend and that it ’s in your best interest to cooperate fully with their requests , it is n’t true .
And finally , there is never a good reason to voluntarily consent to a search .
Ever .
“ Musically , we do n't know what the end destination is , and I like it that way .
Whatever we 've created , it was n't by accident , but it certainly was n't on purpose .
For me that makes music honest , ” says Ron Fountenberry , the principal songwriter and unofficial captain of the good ship that is the Softlightes .
Without digging too far back , the Softlightes story begins ( roughly ) in 2003 , when Fountenberry and bassist Kristian Dunn ’s previous project , the electro pop group The Incredible Moses Leroy , had caught the ear of one Mr. Cody Chesnutt .
Or was it the other way … read more
What did you do when you " became a man " ? -
No , I do n't mean losing your virginity , though in many cultures , coming of age is intricately linked to sexual maturity .
Did you celebrate by buying a Lotto ticket ?
Drink a yard glass full of beer ?
Become a Bar Mitsvah ?
Well , weaklings , be thankful that you did n't grow up as an aborigine in Australia , in the Satere Mawé tribe in the Amazon , or in the Sepik River tribe of Papua New Guinea .
As you can see below , some cultures take the rites of manhood very , very seriously .
Let 's take a look at six of the Strangest Coming of Age Rituals in the World :
Walkabout
In the walkabout , adolescent Aborigine boys are sent to live in the wilderness for as long as six months .
It 's not just about camping - they go on a spiritual journey to trace their ancestor 's songlines , which include navigation instructions and other ancient wisdoms encoded in songs .
Initiation with Bullet Ants
[ YouTube Clip ]
To become men in Amazon 's Satere Mawé tribe , boys as young as twelve have to first wear ceremonial gloves filled with stinging bullet ants .
They 're called not bullet ants without a very good reason : being stung by these suckers feels very much like getting shot .
Each ant packs neurotoxins that cause pain 30 times more agonizing than the sting of a common wasp .
And if you think that 's bad enough , wearing the gloves once just does n't cut it - you have to wear it for 10 minutes 20 times to become a man ...
Steve Backshall went through the ritual and described it in The Sunday Times :
I had suffered several hundred stings , and all of a sudden I went beyond pain .
The sensations are not describable using simple words or metaphors , so I ’ll just try to describe how I reacted .
First , I started wailing , then , once that had passed , the floodgates opened — deep , guttural sobbing , uncontrollable shaking , writhing , convulsing .
You could see the neurotoxin kicking in , my muscles starting to palpitate , my eyelids becoming heavy and drooping , my lips going numb .
I started to drool , and suddenly I was n’t responding to anything at all .
My legs would n’t hold me up , and our doctor was shouting at me to keep moving and not to give in to the urge to lie down and let it take me .
If there ’d been a machete to hand , I ’d have chopped off my arms to escape the pain .
The other boys were in a similar state , but , interestingly , my host , who had been through the ritual before , seemed far more in control .
It took three hours for the pain to ease a little , and shortly after that I was back playing footie with the kids — though with a hand clasped in each armpit and a pause every few minutes to scream a bit .
Twelve hours later , my hands were swollen up like inflated washing - up gloves .
If I pressed a thumb into them , it took two minutes for the impression to disappear from the fluid - swollen flesh .
Adolescent Circumcision
[ YouTube Clip ]
You do n't have to go to remote corners of the world to find this next ritual .
Circumcision , the cutting of the foreskin of the penis , is practiced ( or forced upon , depending on your perspective ) by as many as 1 in 3 males in the world .
There is a lot of controversy about circumcising a male infant right after birth , but at least the baby is too young to remember the painful ordeal .
Nay , as a coming of age ritual in Turkey ( amongst other cultures ) , circumcision is practiced on adolescent boys .
The origin of circumcision is lost in time .
The most commonly accepted version is that circumcision came from ancient Egyptians , who noticed that a snake is reborn after it sheds its skin .
And what part of the male anatomy is closest to a snake ?
You got the general idea ...
British zoologist Desmond Morris noted in the documentary " The Human Sexes " ( clip above ) that " I can't help feeling that if male circumcision did n't exist today and someone tried to introduce it , they 'd be arrested for child abuse .
But it 's traditional role as a major rite of passage is too entrenched to bow to common sense or objective medical opinion . "
Land Diving
[ YouTube Clip ]
In the tiny South Pacific island of Pentecost , boys as young as five years old engage in a tradition that can be best described as the ancient precursor to modern day 's bungee jumping .
In Naghol ( N'gol ) or the land diving ritual , suicidally brave men jump from makeshift rickety towers as high as 100 feet up in the air with vines tied around their ankles .
Land diving is kind of a multipurpose ritual : a rite of passage , a way to appease the gods to ensure a good yam harvest , and now , a tourist attraction .
So it 's like bungee jumping - big deal , you think .
Well , actually it's a little bit more complicated than that .
The whole point of land diving is that the jumper 's head touch the ground .
But obviously if you 're the jumper , you 'd want that to be as briefly done as possible : if your head does n't touch the ground , then it 'll be a bad yam harvest .
If your head touch too much ground , the yam will be blessed but you 'll die .
The difference between a good jump and a fatal one is about 4 inches of vine .
It 's no surprise then , that a jumper is allowed to say anything he wants to anyone before the jump and not be held responsible for his words ( Source ) .
Blood Initiation
[ YouTube Clip ]
In the highlands of Papua New Guinea , the Matausa tribesmen believe that in order for timid boys to become brave men and attract women , they have to expel the contaminating female blood that they got from their mothers during childbirth .
In order to do that , they undergo a brutal bloodletting rituals that involve shoving canes down their throats , sharp reeds up their nostrils and plunging sharp arrows repeatedly into their tongues .
Crocodile Scars
[ YouTube Link ]
If you think that the initiation rites above are bad , this one is downright horrifying : the crocodile scarification of the Sepik River tribe of Papua New Guinea ( what is up with Papua New Guinea ? ! )
I 'll leave the National Geographic video clip above to fill you in on the details ( warning : it 's TERRIFYING ! ) , but suffice it to say it involves getting hundreds of razor cuts on their bodies to get that fashionable " crocodile skin " look .
______
Obviously , the article above only covered coming of age rituals for men .
This does n't mean that women do n't have it rough - many coming of age rituals for girls are very physically demanding , like Na'ii'ees or the Apache Sunrise Ceremony , or the downright horrible ones like the Sunna circumcision or female genital mutilation practiced in many parts of Africa .
I 'd be the first to admit that the article is woefully incomplete ( Cracked also has an article on this - I 've taken steps not to repeat many of theirs ) - if you know of any other strange coming of age rituals , please add them to the comment .
Alternate Versions
When " Beavis and Butt - head Do America " premiered on MTV on August 7 , 1999 , an additional cut scene followed the movie .
While visiting the Pentagon , Beavis can't take a dump in their restroom because there 's no toilet paper in the stall .
Butt - head is equally angry with Washington because the urinals do n't automatically flush when you run your hand across them .
After the rest of their tour bus has finished looking at an encased Declaration of Independence , Beavis sneaks out , breaks the glass and snatches it to use as " T.P. for his bunghole . "
While Pentagon guards rush to see what happened , Beavis cleans up and exits the stall with a piece of the Declaration , containing John Hancock 's signature , stuck to his shoe .
See more
Nom de Guerre
06:50 30 Nov 19
The Dublin branch of Direct Holidays , a sister shop to the Thomas Cook office occupied yesterday , has also gone into occupation .
Workers believed that suspicious behaviour by security guards meant that their shop , in Talbot Street , was also threatened with immediate closure .
They responded with a lock - in starting at midday today .
Pauline , speaking from the occupation , said , “ This morning a man arrived and asked for the keys , supposedly for our protection .
He said he was from Thomas Cook .
“ We knew that ’s what they did at the shop yesterday — took the keys and changed the locks .
Our shop could have been empty by the end of the day .
So we had no choice but to go into occupation . ”
The new occupation means that workers from three shops are now occupying , as the first Thomas Cook occupation , which has entered its second day , includes staff from two shops .
Thomas Cook owns the Direct Holidays operation .
The company is planning to shut down its entire branch network in Ireland , leaving only a call centre and a small admin office .
“ They say they have to close our shop , but they made 400 million euros in profit last year , ” says Pauline .
“ It ’s disgusting . ”
“ This is the domino effect .
We did n’t plan this .
But we ’re not leaving .
We ’re camping out here . ”
Text messages of support to 07717 366 415
Sign a petition for the workers at » www.ipetitions.com/petition/savethomascookjobsinireland
1 Tb Firebird database : preliminary report
Dmitry Kuzmenko , last update 31-03-2014
Translations of this document : Portuguese Russian Chinese
Read our article about even bigger ( 1.7 Terabyte ) database : More Details About 1.7 Terabyte database .
Why to create terabyte Firebird database ?
Many companies work with big Firebird databases and rely on them to support important business operations .
Some of Firebird databases are already hundreds of gigabytes in size and continue to grow ( see “ Who 's Big ? ” section ) , and it 's easy to predict the moment when they become 2 , 3 or 5 times bigger .
So database administrators and vendors are interested to investigate Firebird behaviour with big databases and get some recommendations how to manage them .
Also the important reason we had in mind while creating 1Tb Firebird database was the final elimination of prevalent perception of Firebird as database engine for “ small databases ” .
This myth seems to be dead now , but some analysts and journalists raise it from the grave regularly , and we hope to finish with this ridiculous perception at last .
Hardware Firebird is well - known for its incredible scalability and this investigation has confirmed it once again .
The initial purpose of this experiment was just creation of Firebird database 1Tb in size , so we used usual desktop computer : Table 1 : Hardware Component Parameters CPU AMD Athlon 64 x2 5200 RAM 4GB Motherboard MSI K9N Platinum HDD1 ( operation system and temp ) ST3160815 AS , 160GB , SATA II HDD2 ( auxilary ) HDT721064SLA360 , 640GB , SATA II HDD2 ( auxilary ) HDS728080PLA380 , 80GB , SATA I HDD3 ( database ) ST31500341AS , 1.5TB , SATA II ( Firmware CC1H )
In essence , we 've put the 1.5Tb HDD into the one of our office desktops , without any other modifications .
This HDD was formatted with cluster size 16Kb ( the same as page size of database , as you can see below ) .
S oftware As it 's a desktop computer , operation system is Windows XP Professional SP3 , 32 bit .
To actually perform the test we used the loader from TPC - based toolkit ( download it from http://ibdeveloper.com/tests/tpc-c/, both binaries and sources are available ) .
We 'd like to emphasize that loader inserts data as it would be inserted in real life scenario : records are being inserted and situated inside database ( and at physical disk areas ) into several master - detail - subdetail tables , not table by table .
Table 2 : Software Software Version Operation system Windows XP Professional SP3 , 32 bit Firebird 2.1.3 SuperServer ( snapshot ) Loader Custom loader from tpc-based test
Who 's big ?
There are several companies who handle significantly big Firebird databases .
Here we ’ve listed three of them as examples of real - world big Firebird databases in 3 key industries : retail , finance and medicine .
Bas -X Bas -X ( http://www.basx.com.au/, Australia ) is a leading provider of enterprise information technologies to independent retailers , particularly multi-site operators and management groups .
Bas -X is a true leader in Firebird - based development : two of their customers have Firebird databases with size more than 450 Gb , and several others have databases more than 200 Gb .
Interesting thing about Bas -X is that they offer Software - as - a - Service solutions and using Firebird as database management system for thousands of clients .
This is definitely one of the brightest examples of real - life cloud computing offerings , and it uses Firebird , which is absolutely good enough for this hard job .
Watermark Technologies Watermark Technologies ( http://www.watermarktech.co.uk/, UK ) is the great example of utilizing Firebird technology to serve enterprises in Finance and Government sectors .
Watermark Technologies produces software which uses Firebird for document management which includes indexed OCR for full text search .
It is used by financial advisers , insurance companies and so on .
There are several 300 + Gb Firebird databases deployed at present .
Free Firebird licensing is one of the things which enables Watermark Technologies offer flexible subscription model for end customers , so they can avoid upfront payments and pay as they go .
Profitmed Profitmed ( http://www.profitmed.net/, Russia ) joint stock company is one the largest Russian pharmaceutical distributors .
They have relatively small database ( only ~ 40 Gb ) , but we decided to mention them as they have extremely high load in terms of simultaneous active connections , serving hundreds of small resellers and drug store shops across Russia .
Though this database looks smaller than others , it contains very dense data inside : SKUs of medicines , warehouse movements are represented as numbers , and , thanks to Firebird data compression mechanism , these data consume very modest amount of disk storage .
Plan
We had very straightforward plan for this experiment :
Create database and load it with 1 Tb data , without indices Create primary keys and appropriate indices ( so actually database size is more than 1Tb ) Gather database statistics Run several SQL queries and estimate database performance
Database and Firebird server configuration
Database has page size 16384 bytes , the same as HDD cluster , to maximize disk throughout performance ( to read / write 1 page at one I /O cycle ) .
In the Firebird configuration we have configured additional directory for temp space and point it to the disk with 640 Gb ( where ~300 Gb was free ) .
Loading step
Data were loaded into this database by several steps .
Computer was used during loading operations as usual desktop ( we have MS Office , Firefox , IBAnalyst , etc – about 8 - 12 programs ran at the same time ) .
If we would dedicate the hardware for this task only , probably it would be faster , so please consider these values only as a low - end example ; they are definitely not the top results .
Table 3 : Loading operations
Description Value
Time to load ~ 70 hours Total records inserted 6.2 billions Average insertion speed 24500 records / second Average record size 146 bytes ( min 13 bytes , max – 600 bytes ) Transactions 646489
We spent ~ 4 days at loading , and after that we had Firebird database with exactly 1 Tb size ( i.e. 1 099 900 125 184 bytes ) .
Below you can see database growth and transactions dynamics in FBDataGuard Viewer :
Indices
We created indices one by one and counted their creations ' time and appropriate size of temp file used for sorting .
The biggest index was created for table ORDER_LINE .
Its primary key contains four fields ( Smallint , Smallint , Integer and Smallint ) .
Temp file for this sorting index was 182 Gb , and final index size in the database is 29.3 Gb .
It 's interesting to see that even index for table with 3.8 billion records has depth = 3 , because page size was 16384 bytes , so there is no overhead while searching data using primary key for this table .
Statistics
After that we have gathered database statistics .
It took 7 hours 32 mins 45 secs .
We 've put key statistics information into the one table and included some queries and time measurements :
Table 4 : Consolidated statistics for 1 Tb database
Table name Record counts Size , gb Execution time of select count ( *)
Index creation time Tmp file size , Gb Index size , Gb WAREHOUSE 1240 0.002 0s 0 0 0.0 ITEM 100000 0.012 0.7s - - 0.0 DISTRICT 124000 0.017 0.7s 6 - 0.0 NEW_ORDER 111600000 32 20 m 00s 23 m 00s 4.56 0.8 CUSTOMER 372000000 224 - 41 m 00s - 2.6 customer_last 1h 52 m 32s 12.4 2.3 fk_cust_ware 2h 10 m 51s - 2.3 HISTORY 372000000 32 - - - - ORDERS 372000000 25 32 m 00s 45 m 41s 15.2 2.5 STOCK 1240000000 404 - 3h 34 m 44 s 41.5 9.2 ORDER_LINE
3720051796 359 - 12h 6 m 18 s 182.0 29.3
Database statistics can be downloaded from here .
You can use free FBDataGuard Community Edition Viewer to interpret text data and see not only database performance metrics , but also CPU and memory consumption .
Queries
First of all , we 've run select count ( *) queries on several tables ( see 4 - th column in Table 4 above ) .
As you know , due to the multi-version nature of Firebird select count (* ) for whole table is an expensive operation for server because it requires visiting of every page , and experienced Firebird developers does not use select count (* ) , but we used it to demonstrate the overall performance ratio of database and hardware .
After select count queries we have run queries from real - life scenario and , to be honest , we were amazed with so good results .
See for yourself :
Query Statistics
Description select w_id , w_name , c_id , c_last from WAREHOUSE , customer where c_w_id = w_id PLAN JOIN ( WAREHOUSE NATURAL , CUSTOMER INDEX ( FK_CUST_WARE ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 15 ms Execute time = 79 ms
Avg fetch time = 6.08 ms Current memory = 272 264 476 Max memory = 272 514 048 Memory buffers = 16 384 Reads from disk to cache = 82 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 3 648 Simple join of tables with 12400 and 372000000 records , no WHERE conditions .
“ Avg fetch time = 6.08 ms ” is for fetching the first row .
select w_id , w_name , c_id , c_last from WAREHOUSE , customer where c_w_id = w_id and c_w_id = 10000 PLAN JOIN ( WAREHOUSE INDEX ( WAREHOUSE_PK ) , CUSTOMER INDEX ( FK_CUST_WARE ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 16 ms Execute time = 78 ms
Avg fetch time = 6.00 ms Current memory = 272 266 148 Max memory = 272 514 048 Memory buffers = 16 384 Reads from disk to cache = 88 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 3 656 Join of the same tables with condition which forces selection of recent records .
“ Avg fetch time = 6.00 ms ” is for fetching the first row .
select count (* ) from WAREHOUSE , customer where c_w_id = w_id and c_w_id = 10000 Result = 30000 PLAN JOIN ( WAREHOUSE INDEX ( WAREHOUSE_PK ) , CUSTOMER INDEX ( FK_CUST_WARE ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 0ms Execute time = 453 ms
Avg fetch time = 453.00 ms Current memory = 272 263 844 Max memory = 272 514 048 Memory buffers = 16 384 Reads from disk to cache = 1 048 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 60 024 Count records for previous query SELECT * FROM ORDER_LINE WHERE OL_W_ID = 500 Plan PLAN ( ORDER_LINE INDEX ( ORDER_LINE_PK ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 0ms Execute time = 94ms
Avg fetch time = 7.23 ms Current memory = 136 445 536 Max memory = 136 592 176 Memory buffers = 8 192 Reads from disk to cache =
150 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 2 402 Query to the biggest table ( 3.8B records ) .
“ Avg fetch time = 7.23 ms ” is for fetching the first row .
Plan PLAN ( ORDER_LINE INDEX ( ORDER_LINE_PK ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 0ms Execute time = 3s 438 ms
Avg fetch time = 0.01 ms Current memory = 136 445 496 Max memory = 136 592 176 Memory buffers = 8 192 Reads from disk to cache = 1 840 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 598 636 SELECT * FROM ORDER_LINE WHERE OL_W_ID = 500
The same query to the biggest table ( 3.8B records ) , but at this time we have fetched all records ( 299245 records fetched ) .
select w_id , w_name , c_id , c_last from WAREHOUSE , customer where c_w_id = w_id and ( c_w_id > 8000 ) and ( c_w_id < 10000 ) Plan PLAN JOIN ( WAREHOUSE INDEX ( WAREHOUSE_PK ) , CUSTOMER INDEX ( FK_CUST_WARE ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 0ms Execute time = 125 ms
Avg fetch time = 9.62 ms Current memory = 272 270 824 Max memory = 272 514 048 Memory buffers = 16 384 Reads from disk to cache = 91 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 3 659 Join tables with 1240 records and 372M records .
select count (* ) from WAREHOUSE , customer where c_w_id = w_id and ( c_w_id > 8000 ) and ( c_w_id < 10000 ) Result = 59 970 000 Plan PLAN JOIN ( WAREHOUSE INDEX ( WAREHOUSE_PK ) , CUSTOMER INDEX ( FK_CUST_WARE ) )
------
Performance info ------
Prepare time = 0ms Execute time = 13 m 4s 718 ms
Avg fetch time = 784 718.00 ms Current memory = 272 268 532 Max memory = 272 514 048 Memory buffers = 16 384 Reads from disk to cache = 2 332 583 Writes from cache to disk = 0 Fetches from cache = 119 977 902
Count records for previous query
Summary
In this experiment Firebird shows the following results
Undoubted ability to handle big databases .
We are pretty sure that it 's possible to create and use 32 Tb database on appropriate hardware , and Firebird will show the same high performance as it shows for smaller databases ( i.e. , 1 Tb and below ) .
Good scalability and amazingly small footprint .
1 Tb database was created at usual desktop computer and , more important , it can be used to perform general queries : if you do n't fetch millions of records , query ’s speed is the same as it is for moderate size databases ( 10 - 15 Gb ) .
This is not the end of this experiment : we intend to run some queries , gather additional statistics and publish more detailed report shortly .
Please stay tuned .
Contacts
Send all your questions and enquiries to [ email protected ]
But the most severe article was on adultery , which orders that offending married couples can be punished by at least 100 lashes , up to the harshest punishment of being stoned to death .
How Long Has This Been Going On ? The Incredible Shrinking Decade Brings Back the 45 - Minute Album
Pete Ryan
A lifetime of reading interviews with musicians leaves odd things stuck in your head .
During the early '90s , when Details had some of the best music coverage to be found anywhere , I read a Q& A the magazine had done with Henry Rollins near the 1992 release of Rollins Band 's The End of Silence , which is 72.5 minutes long — typical for the period .
Rollins was asked about the album 's length .
His response — and this is from memory — was that all future Rollins Band albums would be 70 minutes or longer : Compact discs were expensive , after all , and Rollins did n't want to rip off his fans .
I was in high school when I read this , and I thought it a rather noble gesture .
Then the next Rollins Band album , Weight , came out in 1994 , with a total running time of 53:26 .
Could you blame him for backsliding ?
Seventy minutes is a lot of music , especially if you 're the one making it .
And Rollins was n't the only one to turn down the extra running time offered by the CD .
Let 's look at some recent albums , shall we ?
Here 's the strong self - titled debut from local power - pop singer - songwriter - drummer Michael Benjamin Lerner , aka Telekinesis .
Total time : 31:38 .
Another Seattleite , Eric Elbogen , recently relocated from Brooklyn , operating as Say Hi : His latest is Oohs & Aahs , 31:25 .
I 've heard nice things about Phoenix 's Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix ; when I play it , I can do so assured that it will take just over 36 minutes of my time .
JJ No. 2 , ethereal Swedish indie-pop with a beach - baked feel that Pitchfork likes , takes even less : a head - spinning 26:43 .
Obviously , this is a small sampling — but I think a telling one .
The half - hour album was , in the '60s and even ' 70s , commonplace .
It is again now , but for far different reasons .
Much has been said about the death of the album at the hands of the MP3 .
Certainly , pop music 's center is no longer the album but the freestanding song , however many good or great albums may be released now or in the future .
And there 's been a seeming knock - on effect with albums themselves :
They 've been getting noticeably shorter for the last 10 years or so .
That makes sense :
The '00s have been the Incredible Shrinking Decade , from the reduction of newspaper and magazine word counts to digital media becoming more hand - holdable to the internet 's reduction of any number of boundaries .
Albums are now seemingly just as long as artists care to make them — a noticeable difference from the CD era , during which albums seemed to be as long as artists could make them .
A quick history :
The long - playing microgroove 12 - inch disc — the LP — was introduced in 1948 and by the mid-'50s was the medium of choice for adult music fans .
Jazz , classical , Broadway , and pre-rock pop thrived on LP , while kids , particularly rock - and - roll fans , stuck to 7 - inch 45 rpm singles .
An LP could hold as much as a half - hour of music per side — a number of Bob Dylan albums came close — but most stuck to 15 to 22 minutes : shorter sides , better fidelity .
The LP as concentrated artistic statement begins with Frank Sinatra 's thematic ' 50s albums , but as rock and roll became art music as well as dance music in the mid-'60s , it too became identified with the LP , and expanded from a half hour , give or take , to an average of 35 to 45 minutes apiece .
The compact disc changed all this .
The new format enticed fans to repurchase old favorites , as well as opening a previously untapped reissue market , but its effect on contemporary albums was bloat : Artists had up to 80 minutes of playback time , and they used it .
Perfect example :
In 1982 , Michael Jackson edited down Thriller to 19 minutes a side ( it was originally 26 minutes per ) for maximum LP clarity ; a decade later , he made Dangerous a CD - era - definitive 77 minutes .
( About cassette tapes : Even during the cassette 's halcyon era , the LP was still the measuring stick ; " bonus tracks " existed on tape , but it was the CD that made them a staple . )
By the late '90s , hour - long albums — something once almost unheard of unless you were releasing a double LP — were so standard they became blasé .
Around the first dot - com crash in 2001 , pop music generally began to strip away its late - '90s excesses .
Electroclash and ' 80s revivalism helped dance music move away from the whooshing superclub sound ( evocative of jets taking flight — the moneyed good life ) , and " epic " track lengths began to scale back in turn .
Hiphop and R&B beat - making was becoming more minimal , eventually giving rise to tracks that sounded almost tailor - made for cell - phone ring tones ; the endless skits and interludes that larded rap records also began to scale back .
The " rock is back " wave shunted Creed and Nickelback out of music magazines ( if not actual rock - radio playlists ) in favor of the wirier , dirtier - sounding Strokes and White Stripes .
It does n't seem like a coincidence that album lengths , too , began to tighten up .
Much as I 'd love you to just take my word for it , though , I figure an assertion like this needs some data to back it up .
What follows is far from complete and by no means scientific ; nevertheless , I think it 's indicative .
Even before the digital era blew up the amount of available music to an unmanageable degree , the record business offered more than even a fanatic could keep up with ; there 's no way to calculate the industry 's total output , especially now .
So to keep things simple , I used data from AcclaimedMusic.net , which processes hundreds of year - end and all - time lists into überlists of the most critically adored albums and singles of the rock era .
Beginning with 2008 ( too soon for '09 ) , I calculated the mean length of Acclaimed 's top 10 albums every five years going back to 1978 ; vinyl LP lengths stayed consistent for so long that going back further seemed beside the point .
Here are the results , with artists in parentheses :
1978 : 40:54 ( Elvis Costello , Bruce Springsteen , Blondie , the Jam , Pere Ubu , Funkadelic , Van Halen , Kraftwerk , Talking Heads , Big Star )
1983 : 41:03 ( R.E.M. , Tom Waits , the Police , U2 , New Order , Def Leppard , Metallica , Minor Threat , ZZ Top , Aztec Camera )
1988 : 46:18 ( Public Enemy , Sonic Youth , Pixies , N.W.A. , Jane 's Addiction , Talk Talk , Tracy Chapman , R.E.M. , Leonard Cohen , My Bloody Valentine )
1993 : 50:12 ( Nirvana , Björk , Smashing Pumpkins , Wu- Tang Clan , Liz Phair , PJ Harvey , Suede , Breeders , Underworld , Afghan Whigs )
1998 : 57:00 ( Air , Lauryn Hill , Lucinda Williams , Mercury Rev , Massive Attack , Fatboy Slim , Neutral Milk Hotel , Madonna , OutKast , Manu Chao )
2003 : 57:05 /51:54 ( White Stripes , OutKast , Dizzee Rascal , Radiohead , the Shins , Blur , Darkness , Mars Volta , Cat Power , the Strokes )
2008 : 44:29 ( Portishead , Fleet Foxes , TV on the Radio , Vampire Weekend , Bon Iver , MGMT , Nick Cave , Deerhunter , Santigold , Elbow )
Obviously , there are plenty of variables :
These lists fail to account for any number of genres , trends , movements , and styles .
There are variables within the lists as well : Funkadelic 's 1978 One Nation Under a Groove is a 59 - minute LP plus bonus EP , OutKast 's 2003 double CD is by far the longest item on any list ( the two '03 numbers are the mean per title and per disc , respectively ) , and I eliminated Bob Dylan 's Live 1966 on the grounds that it was n't a real 1998 album .
Nevertheless , the results speak for themselves .
The hour - long album has n't vanished , but there are a lot fewer of them than there used to be :
Half the '98 albums are over 60 minutes , while the '08 list features only one ( Elbow ) that even approaches an hour ( 58:30 ) .
The music biz may not be able to save itself from irrelevance in the digital age , but at least it 's a little less demanding of your time .
Here you have the patches I did for GDB :
To fix problem with gdbinit
To display raw bytes in x /i and disassemble commands
and commands
To warn about possible number of sections anti-debug trick
You can download a single patch for all changes or one for each individual change .
A patched GDB binary for Intel only is available , if you trust my binaries ( copy to /usr / libexec / gdb ) .
PHP max upload size does n’t let me add the patched source package ( ca n’t change it due to its impact on others ) .
I removed symbolic name printing from the x / i command because I could n’t find an easy workaround to have all the output aligned .
GDB table system has problems and it does n’t work well with large columns .
Nevertheless the symbolic name ( when available ) is printed everytime breakpoint is hit and if you really need it , you can use the disassemble command to see where you are ( not removed there ) .
The anti-debug patch just warns about the possible trick .
Unless dyld bug is fixed there ’s no much interest in automatically fixing the headers .
If you want to test it , you can use HT Editor to easily modify the nsects .
Keep in mind that HTE only supports non -fat binaries !
This is how it looks :
Have fun ,
fG !
Files :
all_patches.patch
SHA1 ( all_patches.patch ) =
74ee59cc213202d2d99c11ca8cde841890a7c7b6
number_sects_anti_debug.patch
SHA1 ( number_sects_anti_debug.patch ) =
628498adc71b91447ba8860cec3829acf0eb7f46
gdbinit_problem.patch
SHA1 ( gdbinit_problem.patch ) = efd8ab19d2675d601f02aa7f3b7ca21a9bee7704
show_raw_bytes.patch
SHA1 ( show_raw_bytes.patch ) = 6ba57a401c1d3c0f6d7b31743da79ec63603752e
gdb-i386-apple-darwin.bz2
SHA1 ( gdb-i386-apple-darwin.bz2 ) =
4ce058eb26639bba0ab9974ace27adeeef446905
If you put the patch inside gdb - 768 dir you might want to use - p2 option for patch ( the diffs came out of my hg repository ) .
Autistic 12 Year Old Boy Charged with Disorderly Conduct by
The Chambersburg ( PA ) Borough Police Department without Even Being Investigated
Reporter : Sherri Reece
A 12 year old boy in Chambersburg , PA has overcome many hurdles in his life pertaining to his extreme disabilities .
After his family relocated to Chambersburg , PA , he was enrolled into Chambersburg Area Middle School .
His mother made sure they fully understood her son's specific needs , getting all his previous records faxed to the new principal .
They reassured the mother that the 12 year old would be supervised constantly while at school , a personal assistant was to be by his side at all times , due to several medical conditions including daily seizures .
On Monday , February 27th at Chambersburg Area Middle School , a fight broke out involving the autistic boy , due to another classmate bullying him because of his disabilities .
The teacher 's aide that was assigned as his assistant , was nowhere to be found .
Shortly after , the Chambersburg Borough Police Department was called to the school and the autistic boy was sent back to class .
His mother was never notified of the incident until , she picked her son up later that day .
The Principal explained to the mother that her son would be charged with disorderly conduct .
Meanwhile , no one from the Chambersburg Borough Police Department had talked to the boy personally or interviewed him , never listening to his side of the story .
They simply took the other student 's word and wrote a ticket charging him with disorderly conduct .
Approximately two weeks after the incident , the mother received a ticket in the mail for her 12 year old son .
Charging him with disorderly conduct and a $ 185.00 dollar fine , stating they had ten days to pay it or a warrant would be issued for his arrest immediately .
The 12 year old boy cannot even read or write due to his disabilities .
After talking to the mother this morning , she stated that she cannot comprehend how the police can even begin to file charges on her son without ever speaking to him or her .
Several attempts to contact the Chambersburg Borough Police Department were made but , we were unable to get a return call in regards to this case .
It 's obvious that the Chambersburg Borough Police Department has problems within the department .
The family has now sought legal counsel and is in the process of filing a civil action lawsuit against the school board for their lack of supervision and negligence towards her son 's critical needs .
____________________________________________________
GENIUS Mountain City , TN Attorney
Jason Creech in court trying to shut news website down !
Written by : CNN Exclusive.com UK Reporter Kevin Donlen
Eating disorder charities are reporting a rise in the number of people suffering from a serious psychological condition characterised by an obsession with healthy eating .
The condition , orthorexia nervosa , affects equal numbers of men and women , but sufferers tend to be aged over 30 , middle - class and well - educated .
The condition was named by a Californian doctor , Steven Bratman , in 1997 , and is described as a " fixation on righteous eating " .
Until a few years ago , there were so few sufferers that doctors usually included them under the catch - all label of " Ednos " – eating disorders not otherwise recognised .
Now , experts say , orthorexics take up such a significant proportion of the Ednos group that they should be treated separately .
" I am definitely seeing significantly more orthorexics than just a few years ago , " said Ursula Philpot , chair of the British Dietetic Association 's mental health group .
" Other eating disorders focus on quantity of food but orthorexics can be overweight or look normal .
They are solely concerned with the quality of the food they put in their bodies , refining and restricting their diets according to their personal understanding of which foods are truly ' pure ' . "
Orthorexics commonly have rigid rules around eating .
Refusing to touch sugar , salt , caffeine , alcohol , wheat , gluten , yeast , soya , corn and dairy foods is just the start of their diet restrictions .
Any foods that have come into contact with pesticides , herbicides or contain artificial additives are also out .
The obsession about which foods are " good " and which are " bad " means orthorexics can end up malnourished .
Their dietary restrictions commonly cause sufferers to feel proud of their " virtuous " behaviour even if it means that eating becomes so stressful their personal relationships can come under pressure and they become socially isolated .
" The issues underlying orthorexia are often the same as anorexia and the two conditions can overlap but orthorexia is very definitely a distinct disorder , " said Philpot .
" Those most susceptible are middle - class , well - educated people who read about food scares in the papers , research them on the internet , and have the time and money to source what they believe to be purer alternatives . "
Deanne Jade , founder of the National Centre for Eating Disorders , said : " There is a fine line between people who think they are taking care of themselves by manipulating their diet and those who have orthorexia .
I see people around me who have no idea they have this disorder .
I see it in my practice and I see it among my friends and colleagues . "
Jade believes the condition is on the increase because " modern society has lost its way with food " .
She said : " It 's everywhere , from the people who think it 's normal if their friends stop eating entire food groups , to the trainers in the gym who [ promote ] certain foods to enhance performance , to the proliferation of nutritionists , dieticians and naturopaths [ who believe in curing problems through entirely natural methods such as sunlight and massage ] .
" And just look in the bookshops – all the diets that advise eating according to your blood type or metabolic rate .
This is all grist for the mill to those looking for proof to confirm or encourage their anxieties around food . "
In the United States , video of a wedding party boogieing down the aisle was about to become a summer sensation on YouTube , viewed more than 20 million times .
At the same time in China , the latest Internet obsession began with an anonymous post on a computer gaming forum : “ Jia Junpeng , your mom is calling you to come home and eat . ”
Was it a vexed parent hunting down her Internet - addicted child in cyberspace ?
A cheeky gamer poking fun at one of his buddies ?
Or simply an idler with a sense of humor ?
The post ’s author and motive are unknown .
What ’s clear is that the catchphrase has gone viral in recent weeks , kind of like a Chinese version of the satirical “ facts ” about actor and martial artist Chuck Norris that have spread on U.S. social media .
Advertisement
Jia Junpeng has popped up on T - shirts , on blogs and in song .
The expression has been embraced by human rights advocates who sought the release of a jailed legal scholar .
Naturally , businesses have also co-opted the meme of the moment .
A Sichuan car dealer advertised its vehicles with a banner that read : “ Jia Junpeng , your mom is calling you to drive home a Roewe 550 . ”
A nearby restaurant hung a banner that read : “ Jia Junpeng , your mom is calling you to eat Yanjing Hotpot ! ”
So widespread is the joke , it has its own Wikipedia entry .
Even the state - run China Daily felt it necessary to weigh in with an editorial that called the spectacle “ a demonstration of collective boredom . ”
The exact reason this quippy non sequitur has captured the fancy of millions of Chinese is as murky as its author .
But it arrives while the Internet is expanding its reach into contemporary Chinese culture .
Advertisement
--
Jia Junpeng ( pronounced Jah Joon- pung ) joins a slew of online fads that have littered an increasingly crowded Web .
China added 40 million Internet users in the first half of this year , boosting its total to 338 million -- a group larger than the population of the U.S .
In a country where free speech and public discourse are limited , Chinese are coalescing online and churning out catchphrases and goofy videos the way Americans have done for years .
Instead of the roly - poly , light saber - wielding “ Star Wars kid ” of American viral video fame , China has “ Xiao Pang , ” or “ Little Chubby , ” an unsuspecting Shanghai schoolboy whose face has been slapped onto images of everything from the Mona Lisa to “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” posters .
Advertisement
What makes the Internet especially potent in China , experts say , is its growing role as a social outlet .
Most young Chinese can’t afford to roam shopping malls , catch a movie or go to karaoke .
State television is often painfully out of vogue .
So keeping up with peers on Internet forums and instant messaging services becomes a far more appealing alternative .
Inside jokes such as Jia Junpeng are a big part of the allure .
“ China has a more tightly integrated Internet community , ” said Kaiser Kuo , a Beijing blogger .
“ Everything you do is social media .
It ’s almost incomprehensible for something like Jia Junpeng to pick up millions of posts in the States .
But in China , virality is so much more ferocious . ”
Those movements can take on subversive undertones .
Wordplay , a classic form of Chinese humor , is not only satirical but also necessary with so many government minders about .
Advertisement
When Internet censors clamped down several months ago , netizens defiantly celebrated a fictional alpaca - like animal called the grass - mud horse that triumphs over invading river crabs .
When inflected improperly , its name in Chinese becomes an expletive involving one ’s mother and the term for “ river crabs ” becomes a term for “ censors . ”
The creature has abounded online and turned up in song , on T - shirts and as stuffed toys .
When police in southwestern China explained that a man who died in custody this year received his injuries while playing hide - and - seek with his cellmates , Internet forums ridiculed the story .
Hide - and - seek quickly became a buzz phrase meaning something ’s fishy .
Most posts , however , are not seasoned with dissent .
Like in America , it ’s the uncomplicated that often attracts the most eyeballs -- student brawls , long - legged women at car shows , a traffic cop doing the cha cha .
“ It ’s like if you go to Tiananmen Square , spit on the ground and then look at it for 10 minutes , people will inevitably crowd around you and want to see what ’s going on , ” said Alei Wang , a Beijing advertising executive who specializes in online campaigns .
Advertisement
A couple of years ago , Internet surfers discovered a clip of a news reporter trying to interview a passerby about his thoughts on a Hong Kong star ’s sex scandal .
“ What the heck ’s it got to do with me ? ” the passerby said .
“ I ’m just here to buy soy sauce . ”
And with that , “ I ’m just here to buy soy sauce ” became a raging euphemism for “ Leave me out of it . ”
--
But even by today ’s standards , the phenomenon of Jia Junpeng has spread unusually far and fast .
The original post , which was left on a World of Warcraft forum the morning of July 16 , has generated more than 300,000 responses .
Advertisement
From there , it got another popular Chinese netizen treatment : doctored photographs .
One picture shows the phrase written on a scroll signed by Mao Tse-tung .
Another splashes a fake headline across the People ’s Daily : “ National People ’s Congress Discusses Problem of How to Get Jia Junpeng to Go Home and Eat . ”
Meanwhile , a Twitter feed supporting the incarcerated legal scholar Xu Zhiyong was titled “ Xu Zhiyong , your mom is calling you to come home and eat . ”
( Xu has since been released on bail . )
Domestic media pounced on the story , each competing to scoop the others on Jia ’s true identity .
One newspaper said a database search showed only 14 people in China bore Jia ’s unusual name .
Using the Internet protocol address of the original post , they contacted a high school student in Nanjing .
He denied having anything to do with it -- though he begged people to stop telling him to go home and eat .
Advertisement
--
With each passing day , Jia ’s legend seemed to grow .
“ I read on Facebook that he was real and that he just died , ” said Wang Xin , 26 , a customer at a Beijing Internet cafe .
In late July , Huang Liang hua , an Internet marketer in Beijing , announced on his blog that he was behind the mystery .
He said he hired 700 people to spread the phrase on behalf of a computer gaming company he could not reveal .
Huang said that he made up Jia Junpeng because it sounded similar to his friend ’s son ’s name , and that Jia was a play on the Chinese word for “ fake . ”
Advertisement
“ We ’ve been preparing this for a long time , ” Huang said in a phone interview .
“ We were sure it would catch on .
I estimate 50 million Internet users paid attention to this . ”
Huang , however , declined to explain how his client would benefit .
A few days later a rival advertiser claimed credit for popularizing the phrase .
Fang Weicheng of Shanghai said he stumbled onto the post , had a laugh and then urged users of his social networking website to write it elsewhere , thus sparking the craze .
“ Huang is giving the advertising industry a bad name , ” Fang said .
“ He , like many , is just trying to benefit from the fruits of a big tree . ”
Advertisement
Huang has since deleted his blog post .
To some observers , the Jia Junpeng saga represents China ’s continuing slide toward lowbrow tastes .
“ Ten years ago , only the elite used the Internet , ” said Fang Xingdong , an information technology analyst and blogger .
“ Now we have 300 million Internet users .
There ’s a new element that is n’t very educated .
It seems like any website my 12 - year - old son likes gets venture capitalists investing in it .
Any website I like runs out of money . ”
--
Advertisement
david.pierson@latimes.com
Nicole Liu and Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing bureau contributed to this report .
.-
Following international news coverage of its violent reactions to Catholic protests , the Vietnamese government is again censoring Catholic web sites .
The VietCatholic News site has long been blocked by the government .
Now the censorship has extended to sites like Catholic News Agency , Catholic Online , Asia News , Catholic World News and Independent Catholic News , Sr. Emily Nguyen , who lives in Vietnam , tells CNA .
Previously , the government had blocked CNA for several months beginning in September 2008 .
The government has also monitored CNA ’s reports on the protests in which Catholics are seeking the return of confiscated church properties .
Vietnam strictly regulates internet access , using both legal and technological means .
The government claims its efforts protect the country from obscene or sexually explicitly content .
However , according to Sr. Emily , “ in reality most of the filtered sites contain politically or religiously sensitive materials that have been observed as undermining the Communist Party 's hold on power while porn sites can be accessed unrestrictedly . ”
Reporters without Borders considers Vietnam to be one of 15 “ internet enemies , ” while Amnesty International has reported many instances of internet activists being arrested for their online activities .
The collaborative academic project OpenNet Initiative , which investigates internet filtering practices , has classified Vietnam ’s online political censorship as “ pervasive . ”
Its research has found that Vietnam ’s blocking efforts focus on overseas and independent media , sites with content about overseas political opposition , human rights topics and religious topics .
Proxies and other tools to circumvent the filtering , which are illegal to use in Vietnam , are also frequently blocked .
The majority of blocked web sites were initially specific to Vietnam and were written in Vietnamese or dealt with issues related to the country .
Sites not specifically related to Vietnam or sites only written in English were rarely blocked .
Recently , however , popular Catholic English - language sites have been blacklisted , joining groups such as Human Rights Watch , Writers Without Borders , Amnesty International and other human rights groups .
On July 21 , Asia News broke the story about persecutions of Catholics throughout the country , centering on the parishioners of Tam Toa church in the province of Quang Binh .
Catholics tried to erect a makeshift tent for worship services on the property of a church mostly destroyed in a Vietnam War U.S. air raid .
The property had since been confiscated by the government for use as a war memorial .
Police attacked the parishioners , leaving hundreds injured and dozens arrested .
About 500,000 Catholics across the country began their own protests in response .
Many lay faithful and clergy were harassed and beaten in retaliation .
One priest visiting his injured fellow clergyman was thrown from a second story hospital window by a government - backed gang .
His severe injuries left him comatose .
The Vietnamese government is the exclusive owner of a network of more than 600 media outlets , which work under the strict supervision of the ruling communist party .
“ Since Vietnam has not been used to adverse news coming from a foreign , popular source they are apparently not happy with reports on an ongoing situation of abuse and persecution of Catholics , ” Sr. Emily Nguyen remarked .
“ Action they took to make sure the Vietnamese public is shielded from the news is extreme , though not unexpected , for those who have to live under dictatorial , communist regimes such as China or Vietnam . ”
What Chinese Depression ?
Man ’s hope !
Yes , it ’s the ‘ miracle economy . ’
China , that is .
Many analysts think it has ‘ decoupled ’ from the rest of the world economy .
While the rest of the world sinks into the ‘ worst recession since the ’ 30s , ’ it is said to be growing at 8 % per year .
Go figure .
Well … when we go figure we figure there ’s something fishy about it .
In fact , we figure it ’s a fraud .
In America , the bear market bounce took a little jig downwards yesterday .
Stocks – measured by the Dow – fell 96 points .
Oil fell below $ 70 .
The dollar and gold remained almost unchanged .
But China ’s revved up so hot she seems likely to throw a rod .
We ’ve been telling our Dear Readers to stand clear .
At least , that ’s the case with the Chinese stock market .
It ’s a bubble .
And it ’s getting ready to pop .
As for the economy …we figure it ’s a fraud …
Chinese officials have a funny way of counting .
When products are shipped from the factory , for example , they are counted as ‘ sales ’ even though no one may actually buy them .
There are some other ways of keeping score that tend to tilt the game in China ’s favor – at least , on paper .
When you add up all the scores – it shows China a big winner .
But by the end of the day , it is n’t at all clear that China ’s economy is growing at such a breakneck speed .
In fact , it is n’t clear that China is really growing at all – not in a genuine and helpful way .
And here …perhaps we should pause .
We are about to tell you that China is a scam .
It ’s not really becoming more prosperous .
But before we do , we have to explain what prosperity really is .
Do you remember the Bubble Years ?
Of course you do .
They just ended scarcely 24 months ago .
Well , during those years we were told that we were getting richer .
Two forms of evidence were presented – one statistical …the other observational .
The numbers told us that GDP was growing .
Since economists figure GDP growth is the same as prosperity … they thought Americans were getting richer .
There was also the evidence available to anyone with eyes .
You could look at any driveway ; there you would find two or three cars – new cars … big cars .
And behind them was a brand new McMansion … Bubble Era vintage …
Yet , both forms of evidence were misleading .
Americans were spending .
The spending showed up as GDP growth .
The faster they spent , the more new cars and new houses they had too .
But they were not creating wealth … they were consuming it .
They were spending money they had n’t even earned yet .
In other words , they were not only consuming their current wealth , they were consuming wealth that did n’t even exist yet – it was tomorrow ’s wealth .
You could n’t see this happening by looking at the GDP numbers ; instead you had to look at balance sheets .
And even then , you needed to look at them with a suspicious eye .
On the one side , debt was clearly swelling up ; it doubled during the 2001 - 2007 period .
On the other , assets were swelling up too .
But the assets were of the overpriced , Bubble Era variety … houses and stocks that were subject to easy correction .
And when the correction came , assets declined … and debt grew heavier and heavier .
Now , Americans have twice as much debt … and their assets are back to where they were 10 years before .
Net result : impoverishment , not wealth .
Consuming wealth is not the way to get rich .
It ’s the way to get poor .
But it would take someone without a PhD in economics to see such a simple and obvious truth .
Given a fellow a computer and an advanced degree in economics and he ’s ready to believe anything …
Yes , dear reader , in His majestic wisdom , God – or whatever wiseacre created this system – set up something so subtle and complex that it is beyond the reach of human tinkering .
That ’s why the meddlers always make things worse .
That ’s how they put the ‘ great ’ into the depression of the ’30s – by interfering with the markets ’ natural corrective mechanisms .
And now these simpletons think they can stop the correction underway since ’07 – with stimulus , bailouts , and boondoggles .
Yes , they admit , it was excess credit that put American consumers into such a jamb .
But , heck , now we ’ll let the government do the borrowing .
The government will make up for the demand that has been removed from the private sector .
The private sector is paying down debt at roughly $ 1 trillion per year .
And now the public sector is adding debt at roughly $ 1 trillion per year .
That ought to do it , right ?
Ha…ha…yes …why not ?
And while we ’re at it , let ’s round off pi to a whole number so it will be easier for school kids to remember .
But wait a minute … we ’re talking about China , not the United States .
And we ’re talking about Chinese meddlers , not the American variety .
And we ’re talking about the Chinese depression … not the depression in the advanced economies .
But wait …you ’re probably wondering …
‘ What Chinese depression ?
China is booming …is n’t it ?’
Well , here ’s a question for you : if China were really growing at 8 % per year , how come its electricity consumption is going down ?
Answer : Because the Chinese bureaucrats can jiggle and jive the numbers for employment , GDP , and inflation .
But the number of kilowatt - hours consumed in China is just a number .
It is not computed .
It is not seasonally adjusted .
It is not tortured by statisticians nor tormented by economists .
It is just a number .
And that number is a smaller number than it used to be .
Oh , and here ’s another number .
China ’s exports for July were down 22 % from the year before .
Here ’s another question : how can an export led economy grow when its exports are collapsing ?
Again , we have an answer : when it is not really growing .
According to the meddlers , China is growing because meddling works .
China is spending $ 586 billion ( proportionally nearly 3 times as much as the US ) to keep its economy booming .
The program must be working , say the economists , because China ’s economy is still growing .
But is it ?
Most of the money is spent on infrastructure .
The Chinese are doing what the Japanese did before them .
Japan bailed out its banks and spent trillions on infrastructure .
There were years when little Japan was pouring much more cement than the entire USA .
– channeling rivers , building bridges to nowhere , and creating highways for no one .
What did they get for their money ?
Well , you could say they got a lot of infrastructure … and the most cemented –up country on the planet .
Is that a good thing ?
We do n’t know .
But one thing they did n’t get was durable economic growth .
Why not ?
The easy answer is because an economic system is too sophisticated to yield to these ham fisted interveners .
Another way to look at it is because the economy had already spent too much … creating too much capacity .
Adding infrastructure that could handle more capacity was not a solution .
“ Keep in mind , ” says The Richebächer Letter ’s Rob Parenteau , “ China needs at least 9 % growth to soak up the 24 million new Chinese workers who come of age each year – something even the Chinese Premier does n’t like to mention . ”
But heck …it ’s summer .
And in the sum…sum … summertime , we ’re not going to criticize our fellow man .
Instead , we ’re just going to laugh at him .
In China , for example , the government ’s stimulatory programs are having the same flaccid results they got in Japan .
Prices are going down .
The Chinese feds are trying to get people to spend more money – just as they did in Japan .
But people do not spend more when prices are falling .
They wait for a better deal .
And as they wait , consumer demand falls … forcing prices down further .
Japan has gone through almost two decades of on - again , off - again consumer price deflation .
Now it ’s China ’s turn .
Consumer prices in China have been going down for the last six months … and are now reported falling at a 1.8 % annual rate .
How could prices be going down in a booming economy ?
Well , because the economy is n’t booming .
Instead , it ’s burdened with overcapacity – just like Japan’s .
And like Japan ’s it is probably doomed to go through a long period of re-adjustment … before a durable recovery can begin .
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Tesla Motors says it earned a profit last month , the first time the Silicon Valley automaker has run in the black since its founding in 2003 .
The company earned $ 1 million on $ 20 million in revenue in July after shipping a record 109 Roadsters .
It attributed the profit largely to improved margins on the electric two - seater and a " surge " in orders for the car , which has a base price of $ 109,000 .
" We achieved bottom - line profitability thanks to a tremendous amount of hard work by the Tesla team to improve quality , while simultaneously reducing costs on the Roadster , " company CEO Elon Musk said in a statement .
" This also shows there is a strong demand for the car ...
Moreover , customers know that in buying the Roadster they are helping fund development of our mass - market electric cars . "
It 's a significant development and big news for Tesla , but do n't expect it to become a trend .
Most of that money rolled in after Tesla delivered cars customers had already placed deposits on .
Although the company has , according to spokeswoman Rachel Konrad , seen a " surge " in orders for the Roadster and the higher - performance Roadster Sport ( price : $ 127,500 ) , it is n't likely to keep rolling cars out so quickly .
Konrad says Tesla is " definitely on pace " to meet its goal of 1,000 to 1,200 cars a year but did n't say when that might happen .
Tesla has so far delivered about 609 Roadsters since production started in March , 2008 .
Konrad also notes that Tesla is dumping a lot of money into expanding its retail operation .
Tesla already has showrooms in Menlo Park , Los Angeles , New York , Seattle and London .
New stores will open in Chicago , Miami , Munich and Monaco by the end of September and in Washington , D.C. and Toronto by the end of the year .
More importantly , Tesla is investing heavily in the Model S sedan , which the company plans to begin selling in 2011 .
" We are ramping up expenditures on Model S as we get closer to production , so it would not be surprising if we were not in the black in the future , " Konrad said .
" This is the normal development cycle of engineering - focused companies , after all . "
The Department of Energy will loan Tesla $ 465 million to help develop the Model S drivetrain and retool a factory to build the car .
The federal money cannot be used for things like marketing , so any money spent selling the car will come from Tesla 's coffers .
So ... getting back to Tesla 's first - ever profit .
Konrad told us the revenue and net income data reflect generally accepted accounting principles – meaning they 're real numbers – and everything was " audited by our Big Three accounting firm . "
She would n't tell us which one because , as a private company , Tesla does n't have to .
The $ 20 million in revenue does not include the deposits more than 1,500 customers have made on the Model S , nor does it include new deposits placed on Roadsters .
It also does n't include Daimler 's $ 50 million investment in Tesla or any money from Uncle Sam .
" The revenue is primarily the result of new car deliveries and not some atypical one - time event , " Konrad said .
Some of the revenue did come from Tesla 's sale of battery packs and other technology to Daimler 's budding Smart EV program , but Konrad would n't provide a specific figure .
Konrad said " relentless tweaking of the supply chain " helped Tesla improve the Roadster 's margins .
Two years ago , the Roadster 's bill of materials – the cost of every part needed to build a car – stood at $ 145,000 .
The company has since brought that down to about $ 80,000 , she said .
The company is n't disclosing specifics on those cost reductions but Konrad said Tesla has cut the cost of non-powertrain components by 20 percent and decreased the cost of the powertrain by 30 percent in the past nine months alone .
The company also improved margins a bit earlier this year when it effectively raised the price of the Roadster by charging thousands of dollars for items once offered as standard equipment .
At the time , Tesla said the move was needed " to guarantee the viability of the company . "
Photo of the Tesla Roadster : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
See Also :
The financial industry brought the economy to its knees , but how did they get away with it ?
With the nation wondering how to hold the bankers accountable , Bill Moyers sits down with William K. Black , the former senior regulator who cracked down on banks during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s .
Black offers his analysis of what went wrong and his critique of the bailout .
William K. Black suspects that it was more than greed and incompetence that brought down the U.S. financial sector and plunged the economy in recession — it was fraud .
Watch the Bill Moyers Journal with William K. Black , April 3 , 2009
From the transcript …
BILL MOYERS : You ’re describing what Bernie Madoff did to a limited number of people .
But you ’re saying it ’s systemic , a systemic Ponzi scheme .
WILLIAM K . BLACK : Oh , Bernie was a piker .
He does n’t even get into the front ranks of a Ponzi scheme …
BILL MOYERS : But you ’re saying our system became a Ponzi scheme .
WILLIAM K. BLACK : Our system …
BILL MOYERS : Our financial system …
WILLIAM K. BLACK : Became a Ponzi scheme .
Everybody was buying a pig in the poke .
But they were buying a pig in the poke with a pretty pink ribbon , and the pink ribbon said , “ Triple - A . ”
LOCHBUIE , Colo .
- Trenton Parker is looking for individuals willing to help gun down 24 horses on his property .
The Weld County Sheriff 's Office says Parker , 64 , is distributing fliers seeking executioners because he is upset that he faces a 90 - day jail sentence for contempt of court for failing to clean up his property .
Parker was first ordered to remove converted mobile homes , which violate county zoning codes , from his property on Dec. 31 , 2007 .
On the flier , Parker says he 's looking for riflemen to publicly execute 24 registered horses as a way to protest the zoning codes .
He says the shootings will happen at high noon on Sept. 5 .
" I 've never seen anything like this before in my experience in law enforcement , " Shane Scofield with the Weld County Sheriff 's Office said .
The sheriff 's office stresses that anyone who participates in the shooting would face felony animal cruelty charges .
" I would like to think that after reading something like this , there would not be a person in the county , or a person around in the state , that would actually be interested in taking somebody up on this , " said Scofield .
Deputies say Parker is due in court on Sept. 8 on the contempt of court charges .
Investigators also say that Parker left a threatening voicemail at the county zoning department , giving a graphic description how he would kill his horses .
According to an incident report , Parker said , " It would be done in public , he would kill one every day for a week on the front steps of the court house , at CSU and other public places .
He would stab them in the belly three or four times , killing the foal and then he would bash the mare 's brains in . "
Parker also said he would starve the horses because he did n't have any sheds to put hay in " because the courts were making him get rid of all buildings and trailers . "
Parker was arrested for an unrelated assault in March , but the victim decided not to pursue the charges .
The National Horse Rescue Association has learned of the flier and says it 's making an effort to " stop the slaughter . "
Mayor Daley Squawks About Wal Mart
By Kevin Robinson in News on Jul 23 , 2009 5:40 PM
Although it seemed that Da Mare was n’t about to step into the fray of ( yet another ) Wal - Mart in Chicago a few months ago , he ’s come out behind Howard Brookins and his efforts to bring the massive retailer into the South side ’s Chatham neighborhood .
Claiming that Wal - Mart jobs are are n’t meant to provide long - term stable employment in a community , he took a shot at the United Food and Commercial Workers union , who ’s members work at Jewel and Dominick ’s stores across the region .
“ When they hire , you know , a couple of thousand people - you know , these are beginning jobs , ” the mayor told WBEZ .
“ People want to just start some place , ” he said , adding that he does n’t understand why unions get upset when Wal - Mart wants to open in Chicago , but not in the suburbs .
Mayor Daley ’s staff may be updating his YouTube page , but they do n’t seem to be checking the rest of the internet much .
Meanwhile , construction and manufacturing jobs took one of the largest dives locally this spring , with losses near or above 10 percent .
Neither Mayor Daley or Alderman Brookins have had much to say about job opportunities for Chatham residents in those employment sectors .
A paper appeared recently in the prestigious Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) that seems to have a whole lot of people on edge .
If you read the press accounts of this study , you might think anyone stupid enough to follow a low - carb diet would be doomed to certain death from heart attack .
But is that the case ?
Or is it simply another instance of the media either failing to understand how science works or , worse , misreporting to get a better story ?
I suspect the latter , but before we get into it , I need to go over a few blog housekeeping issues .
As I ’m sure everyone has noticed , the look of this blog has changed – as has the look of the entire website .
Our designer and tech guys have been struggling to get everything working right , but , finally , my incessant whining got to them , and they went ahead and put the thing up in its not - completed state .
Please bear with us – it will ultimately work as it ’s supposed to .
If you are having a problem , send me a description in the comments section .
Make sure you tell me what kind of computer you ’re using ( Mac ( Intel or pre-Intel ) or PC ) and which browser ( Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari , etc. ) so that the gurus will know what to do to fix it .
I know the comments are screwed up right now , but do n’t worry , they ’ll be fixed .
Go ahead and comment away .
They ’ll ultimately be up in a form you can recognize .
Once we get the blogs and website how they ’re supposed to be , I ’ll write a post describing all the features .
Also , our world - changing project has been slightly delayed through no fault of our own .
The new date for revelation has been pushed back from Sept 1 to Sept 15 .
Sorry .
It ’s been a real PITA for us , too .
Now , back to the PNAS paper .
As we all know , media reports can be totally misleading or even downright false .
Reporters have their own biases that creep into their work , and even when reporters think they are presenting the facts , they often report just one side of a story and ignore the other .
And , as we ’ve seen from the previous post on the vitamin D - bate , reporters may just report a story in a way that makes for better reading without any regard for the substance of the issues .
The PNAS paper reported a study on genetically modified rodents , engineered to be more susceptible to heart disease .
As I ’ve written many times in these pages , mice and rats are n’t just furry little humans – they are a different species altogether .
And although they are often used for medical experiments , the conclusions from the experiments cannot be applied to humans .
Like observational studies , rodent data can be used to establish hypotheses about human health and disease , hypotheses that can then be tested for validity .
In this case , the data on these genetically - engineered mice can’t even be extrapolated to normal mice much less humans .
Knowing just this much about the study tells us that whatever it shows has little relevance to us .
But that ’s not what the media took away from the story .
The BBC came out with the following headlines that were picked up by a number of other media sources :
Low - carb diets ‘ damage arteries ’
And followed up with :
Low - carb slimming diets may clog arteries and increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes , a study suggests .
Diets based on eating lots of meat , fish and cheese , while restricting carbohydrates have grown in popularity in recent years .
But the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in the US found such habits caused artery damage in tests on mice .
The researchers and independent experts both agreed a balanced diet was the best option .
Hmmm .
Sounds pretty brutal does n’t it .
No hesitance there .
No equivocation .
Just a head on reporting of the facts .
I do n’t think so .
Why not ?
A number of reasons .
First , these researchers basically had a bias going in that low - carb diets cause heart disease even though they lower cholesterol and bring about other positive changes in lipid values , most notably reducing triglycerides , increasing HDL levels , and changing LDL particles from the small type B to the larger type A variety .
All of which changes , by the way , supposedly reduce the risk for heart disease .
The lead author of the study , Shi Yin Foo , MD , PhD , a clinical cardiologist ,
first embarked on this investigation after seeing heart - attack patients who were on these diets – and after observing Rosenzweig [ the researcher in whose lab she worked ] himself following a low - carbohydrate regimen .
“ Over lunch , I ’d ask Tony [ the aforementioned Rosenzweig ] how he could eat that food and would tell him about the last low - carb patient I ’d admitted to the hospital , ” says Foo .
“ Tony would counter by noting that there were no controls for my observations . ”
“ Finally , ” adds Rosenzweig , “ I asked Shi Yin to do the mouse experiment – so that we could know what happens in the blood vessels and so that I could eat in peace . ”
Do you think Dr. Foo has a little skin in this game ?
Think she might have a motive for stacking the deck a little in setting this experiment up in a way that encourages a certain outcome ?
This was not what you would call an unbiased quest for the truth .
I want to comment on something here as an aside .
I do n’t know how old Dr. Foo is , but since she ’s working in someone else ’s lab , I would think she ’s probably fairly new to the medical game .
She may have admitted a patient or two to the hospital with heart attacks , who , under questioning , may have admitted to following a low - carb diet at some point .
But I ’m willing to put my experience with low - carb diets up against hers any day .
MD and I have followed over 10,000 patients on low - carb diets and have never had a single one have a heart attack .
So , I really doubt that Dr. Foo has admitted many – if any – patients who are actively following a low - carb diet .
But it does make for a good story .
Second , we ’ve already mentioned that the mice were genetically engineered to be more susceptible to heart disease , so data generated from these rodents ca n’t be extrapolated even to other mice let alone to humans .
Third , the diet used was n’t even a typical low - carb diet .
The researchers
had a diet specially made that would mimic a typical low - carb diet , ” explains Foo .
“ In order to keep the calorie count the same in all three diets , we had to substitute a nutrient to replace the carbohydrates .
We decided to substitute protein because that is what people typically do when they are on these diets . ”
Oh , really ?
This one statement shows Dr. Foo ’s ignorance of low - carbohydrate dieting .
People do n’t typically “ substitute protein ” when they go on a low - carb diet .
As anyone knows who has been on one , people substitute fat , the macronutrient that provides most of the calories on any low - carb diet .
The mice in this study were getting 45 percent of their calories from protein , which can be done , but is n’t what one finds in most typical low - carb diets .
MD and I have been traveling extensively lately , so I had n’t really had the time yet to delve deeply into this study , but , fortunately , as it turns out , I did n’t have to .
Others have done it for me .
The Metabolism Society issued a press release on the paper to all its members .
You can read it in full below :
Researchers use mutant mice genetically engineered to be susceptible to heart disease to ‘ prove ’ carbohydrate restricted diets may harm arteries .
Defects in ApoE -/- result in defects in processing blood cholesterol .
As human studies continue to show the benefits of low carbohydrate diets and the general failure of low - fat diets , it is necessary for the nutritional establishment to find more and more obscure methods of attacking dietary carbohydrate restriction .
One method is to prepare mutant animal models , to use odd diets that humans would never consume , call them low carbohydrate diets and then show some deficit .
Because mice are not generally susceptible to atherosclerosis , it was necessary for Foo and coworkers to use an ApoE -/- mutant and a ridiculously high protein diet to vilify low carbohydrate diets which have been a useful alternative for many people suffering from obesity , diabetes and metabolic syndrome .
In keeping with the traditions in scientific research , the authors do not cite the numerous studies showing benefit of low carbohydrate diets compared to the low fat diet that has been in place during the obesity and diabetes epidemic .
That the NIH and other government agencies continue to fund this kind of biased research is probably a minor political problem in health care but should still be of concern to people who are confused about what their diet should be .
According to Dr. Richard D. Feinman , Biochemistry Professor at Downstate Medical Center in NY , “ It is a mistake to consider one experiment in a mouse mutant over riding the scientific literature where similar research trials on actual human beings clearly show benefit of carbohydrate restriction for all markers of metabolic syndrome .
For some reason these studies are not the ones picked up by the media .
I suppose actual advances in science are n’t hot topics for headline news stories when it concerns the proven benefits of carbohydrate restriction .
Volek JS , Ballard KD , Silvestre R , Judelson DA , Quann EE , Forsythe CE , Fernandez ML , Kraemer WJ : Effects of dietary carbohydrate restriction vs low - fat diet on flow - mediated dilation .
Metabolism 2009 .
Volek JS , Phinney SD , Forsythe CE , Quann EE , Wood RJ , Puglisi MJ , Kraemer WJ , Bibus DM , Fernandez ML , Feinman RD : Carbohydrate restriction has a more favorable impact on the metabolic syndrome than a low fat diet .
Lipids 2009 , 44(4):297-309 .
Of course , as you might expect , the press release was n’t picked up by any of the major media outlets .
Jimmy Moore weighed in on the issue in an article in the Examiner.com in which he quotes numerous experts who have their say on this study .
And , Peter at Hyperlipid wrote two great posts taking the researchers to task and exploring the kind of protein used and various other aspects of this study .
( Here and here . )
So , I was left with nothing more to add other than to say what I ’ve said countless times before :
Do n’t rely on media reports to tell you anything .
( With apologies to Philip K . Dick for the title of this post . )
Labocon is a renowned Laboratory Equipment manufacturer which provides a comprehensive array of products for Life Science Research , quality control & Testing Laboratories .
Our mission is to excel as a premier global supplier of reliable products to cater the needs of the scientific community by offering expert technical assistance and exceptional customer service .
The product range includes Autoclave , Shaker , Shaking Incubator , Centrifuge , Spectrophotometer , Freezer , Freeze Dryer , Furnace , Microplate Reader , Particle Size Analyzer , Environmental Chamber , Bath & Circulators etc .
Labocon prides itself on the quality of our people and products and make it easy for you to buy them hassle free .
We understand that our success depends on your satisfaction and our history is a testimony to our commitment .
Our knowledge , our willingness to listen to customer needs , and our ability to manufacture quality products for your specific Applications .
All Labocon products are successfully achieved CE , ISO 9001 : 2008 standards , for the designing & manufacturing .
We would like to ensure all our customers that the strict guidelines of CE , ISO 9001 : 2008 standards are genuinely followed and tracked at all levels of the organization through our “ Continuous Improvement & Quality Management System ” .
Apart from these certifications ; all Labocon products are available with optional IQ , PQ , and OQ certification .
We are glad to inform you that we have the capability to manufacture and supply the customised solutions which are based on customer ’s specific requirement .
We have the team of highly skilled and experienced professionals in area of marketing , sales , application support and services ; who are quite efficient to deliver reliable and affordable solution through constant innovation so that we can achieve higher customer satisfaction consistently .
We spent a long hard fortnight in the crater of Mount Bosavi filming the last part of Lost Land of the Volcano .
There were a dozen of us - a mixture of biologists , programmemakers and trackers from the Kasua tribe thrown together under a tarpaulin , eating tinned fish and rice and hunched together in damp hammocks .
We had no idea what we would find - if anything .
The only plan I had was that day and night we 'd search for animals and just film everything that happens .
All we had to rely on was a gut instinct that this was going to be a good place .
The crater has walls half a mile high and even the local tribespeople from outside the extinct volcano said they would n't come here .
" Why bother ?
They said - it 's far too steep . "
If you want to imagine how it looked - think of the Swiss Alps covered in dense jungle .
I 'd look up and see a stream plummeting down the mountainside almost a vertical kilometre above me .
The very first day we had a great sign .
A Doria 's Tree Kangaroo wandered a few metres past camp .
New Guinea is an Alice Through the Looking Glass rainforest – none of the creatures are as you expect - and these are among the oddest : a kangaroo that has evolved to live on the leaves in the trees , it looks like a big teddy bear with a very thick tail .
Boy , are they normally hard to film !
Wildlife cameraman can spend weeks or more trying to catch one in the wild – and still come back with rubbish rushes .
We grabbed cameras and chased after it .
Chase is the wrong word .
The slopes are almost vertical and thick in mud .
But then , after half a mile of deep panting she was found sitting in a tree .
We wedged cameraman Gordon Buchanan in a tree opposite , with me in the one next to him so I could film him in action , and then we let the cameras roll .
From then on it got mad .
As biologists and filmmakers , we are used to disappointment .
In most places animals are thin on the ground and leg it as soon they sniff humans .
But here , the animals were in high densities and just did not seem bothered by us .
We found the cuscus a few days afterwards .
Cuscuses are a strange group of animals cursed by sounding like an item on a Moroccan restaurant menu .
In truth they 're a group of shy and sweet marsupials that generally live high in the trees feeding on leaves .
Looking a bit like a teddy bear , ecologically they 're part monkey , part sloth .
Dr Kris Helgen and Muse Opiang were the biologists with us – and as soon as we had this one in camp , clambering all over us , they knew it was a new type .
To be holding an animal totally new to science – that 's one of the special moments in my life .
If you work in the tropics you are bound to find new species of insect or spider ( somewhere there is a fly with my name on it ) .
Even a new tiny mouse or micro bat is not too uncommon .
But a big mammal – and so cute as well !
Later on it turned out to be a new subspecies of the silky cuscus .
Then the team found the giant rat .
I had never seen anything like it in my life – at first glance more like a beaver than a rat .
And again , it sat quietly in camp , chewing on a fern and wondering what all the fuss was about as we rushed around him filming and taking photographs .
Mammals with no fear of humans .
In the 21st century that is a rare sight indeed .
Now the talk is how to promote and conserve this remarkable crater – perhaps by making it a World Heritage Site .
• Steve Greenwood is the series producer of Lost Land of the Volcano , which will be shown tonight on BBC1 at 9PM
This Dithering series , on the sound quality of recorded music , will be a feast , but it will include vegetables .
To understand what ’s at stake , we ’ll need to get technical .
We need to pin down how and why the standards for recorded music dropped in a way that they did n’t for , say , full - length movies in theaters .
We need to measure the amount of information lost between a master recording and an MP3 .
These data are your vegetables .
This information will be wicked cool and relatively easy to understand , but not as sexy as Amy Winehouse singing “ You ’re Wondering Now ” with The Specials or Noel quitting Oasis .
So , to get you hooked , we ’ll start with a few thoughts from Jonny Greenwood .
You may know his film scores .
SASHA FRERE - JONES :
Is the MP3 a satisfactory medium for your music ?
JONNY GREENWOOD : They sound fine to me .
They can even put a helpful crunchiness onto some recordings .
We listened to a lot of nineties hip - hop during our last album , all as MP3s , all via AirTunes .
They sounded great , even with all that technology in the way .
MP3s might not compare that well to a CD recording of , say , string quartets , but then , that ’s not really their point .
SFJ : Do you ever hear from your fans about audio fidelity ?
JG : We had a few complaints that the MP3s of our last record was n’t encoded at a high enough rate .
Some even suggested we should have used FLACs , but if you even know what one of those is , and have strong opinions on them , you ’re already lost to the world of high fidelity and have probably spent far too much money on your speaker - stands .
SFJ : Do you think any of the MP3 generation — ten- to twenty - five - year - olds — want a higher quality experience ?
JG : No .
That comes later .
It ’s those thirty - something men who lurk in hi- fi shops , discussing signal purity and oxygen - free cables and FLACs .
I should know — I was very nearly one of them .
SFJ : What are your feelings about the various audio formats ?
JG : Sonic quality is important .
I ’d feel frustrated if we could n’t release CDs as a band , but then , it only costs us a slight shaving of sound quality to get to the convenience of the MP3 .
It ’s like putting up with tape hiss on a cassette .
I was happy using cassettes when I was fifteen , but I ’m sure they were sneered at in their day by audiophiles .
If I ’m on a train , with headphones , MP3s are great .
At home , I prefer CD or vinyl , partly because they sound a little better in a quiet room and partly because they ’re finite in length and separate things , unlike the endless days and days of music stored on my laptop .
SFJ : Do you record any differently now , knowing that the end result will likely be an MP3 ?
JG : No , but it was interesting how some tracks fared the conversion to MP3 better than others .
It was never bad .
SFJ : What are your favorite and least favorite aspects of the MP3 age ?
JG :
The downside is that people are encouraged to own far more music than they can ever give their full attention to .
People will have MP3s of every Miles Davis ’ record but never think of hearing any of them twice in a row — there ’s just too much to get through .
You ’re thinking , “ I ’ve got ‘ Sketches of Spain and ‘ Bitches Brew ’ — let ’s zip through those while I ’m finishing that e-mail . ”
That abundance can push any music into background music , furniture music .
SFJ : Freestyle here .
Inject any relevant , burning thoughts .
JG : I find this sound quality stuff both fascinating and ridiculous .
It ’s like the pixel resolution of digital cameras : higher numbers are better , but that discussion always pushes the actual photography to one side , somehow .
Alex welcomes back to the show Charlie Sheen , author of the open letter to Obama entitled Twenty Minutes with the President .
Sheen will talk about the latest developments in the effort to get a new 9/11 investigation .
Alex also talks with Stephen Quayle , former talk show host and author of several books , including Breathe No Evil and Genesis 6 Giants : Master Builders of Prehistoric and Ancient Civilizations .
Alex covers the latest news and takes your calls .
Addeddate 2009-09-29 20:42:36 External_metadata_update 2019-03-12T19:38:40Z Identifier AlexJonesRadioShow -September292009
Federal prosecutors in New York say a review of most customer accounts show that about half of the customers jailed financier Bernard Madoff had when his business shut down had not lost money .
Prosecutors made the revelation as they told a judge Tuesday that there was no need to order restitution because all of Madoff ’s assets will be distributed to investors anyway .
The prosecutors say a review of claims from most of the customers who had investment accounts with Madoff shows that nearly 50 percent of the active customers invested more money than they withdrew while the other 50 percent of active withdrew more than they invested .
Madoff is serving a 150 - year sentence after cheating thousands of customers out of billions of dollars .
Below is a complete listing of the articles in “ How to Talk to a Climate Skeptic , ” a series by Coby Beck containing responses to the most common skeptical arguments on global warming .
There are four separate taxonomies ; arguments are divided by :
Individual articles will appear under multiple headings and may even appear in multiple subcategories in the same heading .
Stages of Denial
Scientific Topics
Types of Argument
Levels of Sophistication
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
An artist 's impression of how these creatures may have looked
Exceptionally well preserved dinosaur fossils uncovered in north - eastern China display the earliest known feathers .
The creatures are all more than 150 million years old .
The new finds are indisputably older than Archaeopteryx , the " oldest bird " recognised by science .
Professor Xu Xing and colleagues tell the journal Nature that this represents the final proof that dinosaurs were ancestral to birds .
The theory that birds evolved from dinosaurs has always been troubled by the absence of feathers more ancient than those on the famous Archaeopteryx .
All over the skeleton , you see feathers
Xu Xing
This has given critics room to question the idea .
But the new fossils , which come from two separate locations , are in most cases about 10 million years older than the primitive Archaeopteryx discovered in the late 19th Century .
One of the new dinosaur specimens , named Anchiornis huxleyi , is spectacular in its preservation .
It has extensive plumage covering its arms and tail , and also its feet - a " four - winged " arrangement , says Professor Xu from the Chinese Academy of Science in Beijing .
' Immensely exciting '
" The first specimen we discovered earlier this year was incomplete , " he told BBC News .
" Based on that specimen , we named it Anchiornis ; and we thought it was a close relative of birds .
But then we got a second specimen , which was very complete - beautifully preserved .
The privative Archaeopteryx marks the transition between birds and dinos " All over the skeleton , you see feathers .
" Based on this second specimen , we realised that this was a much more important species , and definitely one of the most important species for our understanding of the origin of birds and of their flight . "
Professor
Xu believes the four - winged shape may have been a very important stage in the evolutionary transition from dinosaurs to birds .
Details of the latest discoveries have been presented this week at the annual meeting of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontologists , being held this year at the University of Bristol , UK .
The renowned Bristol palaeontologist Michael Benton said the announcement was immensely exciting .
" Drawing the tree of life , it 's fairly obvious that feathers arose before Archaeopteryx appears in the fossil record , " he told BBC News .
" Now these fantastic new discoveries by Professor Xu Xing prove that once and for all .
" These new discoveries are maybe 10 million years older than Archaeopteryx . "
Some of the fossils are exceptionally well preserved
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The thinning of a gigantic glacier in Antarctica is accelerating , scientists report .
The Pine Island Glacier in West Antarctica , which is around twice the size of Scotland , is losing ice four times as fast as it was a decade years ago .
The research , published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , also reveals that ice thinning is now occurring much further inland .
At this rate scientists estimate that the main section of the glacier will have disappeared in just 100 years , six times sooner than was previously thought .
The Pine Island Glacier is located within the most inaccessible area of Antarctica – over 1000 km from the nearest research base – and was for many years overlooked .
Now , scientists have been able to track the glacier 's development using continuous satellite measurements over the past 15 years .
" Accelerated thinning of the Pine Island Glacier represents perhaps the greatest imbalance in the cryosphere today , and yet we would not have known about it if it were n't for a succession of satellite instruments , " says Professor Andrew Shepherd , a co-author of the research from the School of Earth and Environment at the University of Leeds .
" Being able to assemble a continuous record of measurements over the past 15 years has provided us with the remarkable ability to identify both subtle and dramatic changes in ice that were previously hidden , " he adds .
Scientists believe that the retreat of glaciers in this sector of Antarctica is caused by warming of the surrounding oceans , though it is too early to link such a trend to global warming .
The 5,400 km squared region of the Pine Island Glacier affected today is big enough to impact the rate at which sea level rise around the world .
" Because the Pine Island Glacier contains enough ice to almost double the IPCC 's best estimate of 21st century sea level rise , the manner in which the glacier will respond to the accelerated thinning is a matter of great concern , " says Professor Shepherd .
The research was led by Professor Duncan Wingham at University College London , and was funded by the UK Natural Environment Research Council .
Microsoft has done it again :
The company has released another set of baffling and mystifying ads , but this time they 're actually funny .
The software giant released four new ads to promote Internet Explorer 8 starring Lois and Clark 's Dean Cain as a 1960s style ad man- -- no doubt inspired by AMC's Mad Men .
So far the new ad campaign is an online - only affair , and uses the tagline ‘ Browse Better . '
The ads highlight IE8 features using mock situations and cutesy acronyms like F.O.M.S. -- fear of missing something -- for IE8s Web slices , and S.H.Y.N.E.S.S. -- sharing heavily , yet not enough sharing still -- for the browser 's accelerator feature .
But the king of all four ads is O.M.G.I.G.P. -- oh my God !
I 'm gonna puke -- for IE8s private browsing feature ; private browsing temporarily stops your browser from recording your online activities including your Web history and tracking cookies .
O.M.G.I.G.P. is the most honest ad we 've seen from Redmond in a long time .
Microsoft openly acknowledges in the spot the most common reason to use private browsing : hiding your online porn tracks .
I 'm not going to go into detail about what happens in the ad , but let 's just say the title O.M.G.I.G.P. is taken very literally .
The new campaign is also tied to Microsoft 's dedicated IE8 Web site called , Browser for the Better .
For every copy of Internet Explorer 8 downloaded from the new site between now and August 8 , Microsoft will donate eight meals to Feeding America , a domestic hunger - relief charity .
Since the launch of Internet Explorer 8 , Microsoft 's browser has struggled with dwindling popularity , as users turn to other Web browsing alternatives like Mozilla 's Firefox and Opera .
Will this new campaign help turn IE8 's fortunes around ?
Check out the ads below and judge for yourself .
S.H.Y.N.E.S.S .
F.O.M.S .
G.R.I.P.E.S .
O.M.G.I.G.P.-- ( Warning : may not be suitable for work )
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Until not too long ago , asbestos used to be applauded for its unique characteristics : being resistant to heat , fire , chemicals and wear made it a very desirable material .
For decades it was used in making thousands of products , from building material to clothes and toys , until about 50 years ago when it became obvious that it was also poisonous .
What is asbestos poisoning ?
The blessings and curse of asbestos at the same time is its durability , which has been exploited in numerous industries .
On the other hand , when present in human bodies , the body has no means of disposing of it .
As long as asbestos stays compound in the material it is part of , then it is harmless .
It only becomes dangerous when the tiny needle - like fibers become airborne , which makes them likely to be inhaled .
Asbestos has been linked to a number of serious lung diseases .
The trouble with asbestos poisoning is that it takes dozens of years for the disease to finally develop , a long time after the initial exposure to the toxin , while the primary symptoms such as a dry cough , tightness in the chest or shortness of breath match the symptoms of many less serious diseases .
Combined with the length of the latency period , the real cause of the trouble is often discovered too late .
Mesothelioma is an incurable cancer of the outer lining of the lungs .
While it is extremely rare in patients with no history of asbestos exposure , it accounts for around 14 % of all deaths related to asbestos poisoning .
Unlike asbestosis , mesothelioma has been associated with very short , even accidental exposure to asbestos poisoning .
It is usually fatal within 12 - 15 months of diagnosis .
Asbestos - induced lung cancer has been responsible for more than half of all deaths caused by asbestos poisoning .
On the other hand , when treated in its early stage , patients may enjoy an active lifestyle for many years after the diagnosis .
The risk of asbestos - induced lung cancer grows dramatically when the asbestos exposure is accompanied by smoking .
Asbestos in Canada
Canada used to be one of the leading asbestos producers and still supports its use in less harmful variations and mines in Quebec are still operating .
Until the 1980s , asbestos had been widely used in all office buildings , public building and schools , mostly for thermal , fire and sound insulation .
The most at risk people tend to be the workers who have installed asbestos materials , especially if they ignored the health and safety guidelines and allowed dust from the installation process to escape into the atmosphere and then breathed in this poisonous toxin .
Canada still has n't banned the use of asbestos .
However , improvements have been made - Ontario banned using asbestos as insulation back in 1973 .
Local governments have been trying to get rid of this material from public buildings and any work that involves either installing or removing it is governed by very stringent regulations .
Asbestos in Toronto
Ontario has strict regulations concerning asbestos in buildings , especially since 2007 .
Landlords have to submit any suspicious material deteriorating in the building for examination .
If the presence of asbestos is discovered , removal by certified professionals has to take place immediately .
If there is any danger of continuous deterioration , the whole affected area has to be removed , again following strict safety rules .
The most common use of asbestos in non-domestic buildings :
insulation on pipes
ceiling tiles
panels boards
cement panels
sprayed coatings on walls
asbestos ropes and cloth
textures coating
The most common use of asbestos in residential homes in Toronto :
exterior surfaces : deck undersheeting , roof felt and shingles , window putty
all kinds of insulation
flooring : vinyl asbestos sheets , tiles and undersheeting
interior surface : sprayed - on acoustic ceilings , acoustic tiles
appliances : water heaters , range hoods , clothes dryers and dishwashers
Asbestos is still not a solved issue .
We all still remember the Sunrise Propane blast from last year .
Five streets were hit by asbestos debris and 3000 residents had to leave their homes until a complete and careful clear up of the area .
Local governments keep fighting the danger posed by asbestos .
However , the extent of this danger is very difficult to quantify .
Since just 0.5 % of asbestos in the material is considered toxic , it 's hard to trace back all the potential dangers .
Therefore , whenever you have even the slightest suspicion that your property may be affected , ask for a home inspection by a qualified professional ( you can easily find a list of companies doing it in GTA area ) .
Never try to remove suspect material on your own !
Microsoft has filed what are believed to be the first lawsuits designed to stop the growing practice of malvertising
The company has filed five suits against unnamed individuals who it has accused of posting malicious and deceptive code through ads on its MSN advertising network .
The suits allege that individuals using the business names Soft Solutions , Direct Ad , qiweroqw.com , ITmeter INC , and ote2008 .
info used malvertisements to distribute the malicious software or present deceptive websites that peddled scareware to unsuspecting online users .
Associate general counsel Tim Cranton said that although Microsoft does n't know the names of the specific individuals involved , by filing the civil suits in a US court it hoped to uncover the individuals responsible and prevent them from continuing to deploy malvertising .
" We hope that today 's filings will help deter malvertising in the future , " Cranton said in a blog post .
The documents were filed in King County Superior Court in Seattle , Washington .
Malvertising is a technique where code is placed in an online ad to either mislead the user or infect their computer .
Code might re-direct the user to a site that advertises rogue security software , or scareware , or it might install malicious code such as a Trojan on the user 's PC , either infecting it with a virus or leaving it open to remote control by a hacker .
Malvertising is a growing phenomenon .
An ad appeared on the New York Times web site last weekend that claimed to offer a virus scan and then prompted the user to buy scareware to fix the problem .
Among the allegations in its various filings , Microsoft has claimed breach of contract in placement of ads on the MSN network , fraud , and trademark infringement .
You can read more about the case and download Microsoft 's filings here .
Mats Sundin announced his retirement from hockey on Wednesday , ending a professional career of nearly 20 years .
" It was a tough decision , " Sundin told reporters at a news conference at Stockholm 's Grand Hotel .
" It 's sad to tell you today that my career as a pro hockey player is over . "
Sundin , 38 , said he made his decision this fall .
He played for the Vancouver Canucks last season following 13 seasons with the Toronto Maple Leafs .
With the Maple Leafs , he became the longest - serving European captain in NHL history and called Toronto his " second home . "
Sundin told Toronto radio station AM 640 on Wednesday that he felt that he should be part of the crowd rather than on the ice at this point in his life .
" There 's nothing better in the world than skating out in front of 20,000 people … there 's nowhere I 'm going to get that feeling for the rest of my life .
It 's something I will miss [ but ] this really feels like the right decision for me now .
" For me , it was not an easy decision — I 've played since I was five years old [ and ] over 17 years professionally at the highest level , " he said .
" It 's tough to say goodbye , but I just listened to my own body … with the season starting it feels pretty nice to watch from the sidelines . "
Sundin 's career NHL stats Season Team GP G A Pts. 90-91 Quebec 80 23 36 59 91-92 Quebec 80 33 43 76 92-93 Quebec 80 47 67 114 93-94 Quebec 84 32 53 85 94-95 Toronto 47 23 24 47 95-96 Toronto 76 33 50 83 96-97 Toronto 82 41 53 94 97-98 Toronto 82 33 41 74 98-99 Toronto 82 31 52 83 99-00 Toronto 73 32 41 73 00-01 Toronto 82 28 46 74 01-02 Toronto 82 41 39 80 02-03 Toronto 75 37 35 72 03-04 Toronto 81 31 44 75 05-06 Toronto 70 31 47 78 06-07 Toronto 75 27 49 76 07-08 Toronto 74 32 46 78 08-09 Vancouver 41 9 19 28 NHL career 1346 564 785 1349
Gold medallist , world champion
The Swede recently ruled out participating for his country in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Sundin was one of the country 's key players when it captured gold over Finland at the 2006 Turin Olympics .
He also played in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City where he led in goals and points and made the tournament all - star team .
After nine months of weighing his options after his final contract year with the Maple Leafs in 2008 , Sundin signed with Vancouver as a free agent in December and made his debut with the Canucks in January against the Edmonton Oilers .
Over 41 games with the Canucks , he recorded nine goals and 19 assists , adding three goals and five assists in eight playoff games .
" I do n't know if I 'll be involved in hockey in the future , " he said .
" But I will always have a close relationship with hockey .
My love for hockey will always be there . "
Winning Olympic gold and playing in the NHL playoffs were the highlights of his career , he said .
He also told AM 640 that his return to Toronto as a member of Canucks on Feb. 22 , where he received a standing ovation after scoring the winning goal in a shootout and being named first star of the game , was " a very special moment . "
" Coming back to the Air Canada Centre and the reception I got from the Toronto Maple Leafs and fans was really tough to take in and it was a very emotional night … it will be something I will be thinking about for the rest of my life . "
An eight - time NHL all - star , Sundin was the first European player to be drafted No. 1 when the Quebec Nordiques selected him in 1989 and is tops among Swedish players with 564 goals , 785 assists and 1,349 points in his NHL career .
That 's good enough for a share of 20th in all - time goals with Joe Nieuwendyk and sole possession of 25th place in career points .
His one regret ?
Not hoisting the Stanley Cup .
" It would have been fun , but I 've experienced so much , " he said .
Known as " Sudden " in Sweden , Sundin also won three IIHF World Championship titles with Sweden , in 1991 , ' 92 and ' 98 .
Agent not surprised
Sundin 's longtime agent , J.P. Barry , said he spoke with his client a few times in the off - season .
" I had been over in Sweden in August for his wedding and we sat down and had some long talks about the future , " Barry said .
" He indicated that [ retirement ] was likely his decision . "
Barry said Sundin 's decision was n't due to lack of interest of his services from NHL clubs .
" He had approaches by the Canucks and a few others … but he felt this was the right time [ for retirement ] .
His advisers told him to take his time and he did , and came back with this decision , " Barry said .
" If you look how well he played in half a year … he could 've been in training and would 've returned as a strong , strong impact player and brought leadership qualities to any team .
But he has to be comfortable with his decision and he was most comfortable with [ retirement ] . "
After the semi-loss for The Pirate Bay in The Netherlands , Mininova is captured under Radar by governments .
This was obvious because the defendants did not show up in court to plea their case .
What ?
Today ,
The Netherlands once again saw a ruling in a high - profile piracy case , and again , there ’s a loss for the defendants .
Mininova , possibly the world ’s largest torrent listing site , started in early 2005 after the entertainment cartels - initiated demise of the famed Suprnova.org , yesterday chalked up another milestone .
It had already reached three billion torrent downloads and now , “ Torrent number 1,000,000 was uploaded yesterday by an anonymous user , ” says Torrentfreak , going on ;
“ Unfortunately , the memorable torrent has no seeds , which makes it likely that it wo n’t be around much longer . ”
Anyway , this time , the lawsuit focussed on Mininova , a bitorrent search engine similar to The Pirate Bay .
Like The Pirate Bay case , this one was also started by BREIN , the Dutch variant of the RIAA / MPAA , and again , just like the previous suite , BREIN won .
However , it ’s easy to misread the actual verdict .
The judge in the case actually makes it quite clear that Mininova itself is not doing anything illegal , that it ’s not breaking the law .
The judge sentenced Mininova not because it is performing an illegal act , but because Mininova is not doing enough to stop the illegal act .
Since downloading copyrighted content in The Netherlands is legal , said ‘ illegal act ’ is not downloading , but uploading .
More specifically , the judge said that Mininova made it possible for people to breach Dutch copyright law , Mininova promoted these acts , and profited from these acts .
Currently , Mininova employs the “ Notice and Take Down - procedure ” , in which rightsholders can contact Mininova so that they can then remove offending content .
This procedure is not enough , the court states .
The verdict , therefore , reads that Mininova must remove all offending torrents from their website , and from here on out , they must actively prevent such torrents from being uploaded to the website .
The fine for not complying within three months of this verdict is as follows : Mininova will have to pay 1000 EUR per offending torrent to BREIN , with a maximum of 5000000 EUR .
Mininova co-founder Erik Dubbelboer is n’t particularly pleased with the verdict , obviously .
“ We are obviously not happy with the verdict , ” he said in a statement .
Mininova will most likely appeal the decision , for which they have three months ’ time .
“ The court believes it ’s generally known that commercially made films , games , music and TV series are copyrighted and that these works are only copyright - free in exceptional cases , ” it ruled .
Mininova said it was mulling an appeal .
“ We are obviously not satisfied with this ruling , ” said Mininova co-founder Erik Dubbelboer .
“ The result of this ruling for Mininova is that we have to re-evaluate our business operations .
At this time , we cannot determine what this will actually entail or imply .
We will have to examine the verdict thoroughly first . ”
You ’re fighting the tides , and sooner or later you ’ll have to face the new reality of the modern , 21st century entertainment industry .
While it may not seem so today , it is still the case that laws should exist to serve the people – not the other way around .
Elsewhere in the land of the freeloaders , The Pirate Bay sale – which has faced fierce opposition and accusations of insider trading since the Global Gaming Factory first stepped in to buy the BitTorrent tracker earlier this summer – is meant to complete tomorrow .
Google translation For Mininova verdict from Dutch to English is here .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
We suspect it 's rare that the president gets heckled during a speech to a joint session of Congress , but Rep. Joe Wilson did n't hold back .
" You lie ! " shouted the South Carolina Republican .
This was in response to President Barack Obama 's statements on illegal immigrants .
" There are also those who claim that our reform effort will insure illegal immigrants , " Obama said .
" This , too , is false — the reforms I ’m proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally . "
So who 's right here ?
Wilson or Obama ?
Incidentally , Wilson apologized for the outburst after the speech , but said he still disagreed with Obama 's statement .
We 've been monitoring claims about health care reform and illegal immigrants for some time now .
Most notably , a chain e-mail claimed that page 50 of the House bill gave free health care to illegal immigrants .
That page did n't say that .
Rather , it included a generic nondiscrimination clause that said insurers may not discriminate with regard to " personal characteristics extraneous to the provision of high quality health care or related services . "
So we rated the chain e-mail 's claim Pants on Fire .
We read all 1,000 - plus pages of the health care bill and were struck by the fact that it is largely silent on health care for illegal immigrants .
Keep in mind that experts estimated there were 6.8 million uninsured illegal immigrants in the United States in 2007 , out of a total of 11.9 million illegal immigrants .
Right now , there are laws on the books that require hospitals to treat severely ill people who arrive at the hospital , regardless of immigration status , and we did n't see anything that would change those laws , either .
Most illegal immigrants are also now excluded from Medicaid , the government - run health care for the poor .
We did n't see anything that would change that .
One place where the bill does mention immigration status is for " affordability credits . "
These are tax credits for people of modest means need to buy health insurance .
The credits would help them buy insurance on a national health insurance exchange .
The bill specifically says that people in the United States illegally are not eligible for tax credits , on page 132 , section 242 .
Still , given all that , we have heard from people who said that other aspects of reform could benefit illegal immigrants .
One of the most detailed responses was from the anti-immigration group Federation for American Immigration Reform , called FAIR .
You can read their statement on the matter on their Web site .
Primarily , they argue that illegal immigrants would be permitted to purchase insurance on the national health insurance exchange because the bill does not include a mechanism for verifying citizenship .
So illegal immigrants would have the chance to purchase insurance in the public option , a government - run health care plan that would offer basic coverage at a low price .
FAIR also argues for more robust verification measures for the affordability credit and making sure that illegal immigrant parents wo n't be able to receive coverage if their citizen children are eligible .
FAIR has a point that illegal immigrants would likely be able to buy insurance on the national health insurance exchange .
We do n't see anything in the bills that would hinder that .
A Congressional Research Service report issued Aug. 25 , 2009 , confirmed our observation .
The House bill " does not contain any restrictions on noncitzens participating in the Exchange — whether the noncitizens are legally or illegally present , or in the United States temporarily or permanently , " the report said .
But it 's worth pointing out that illegal immigrants participating in the exchange would be paying for their insurance like everyone else .
That 's similar to the current system — we 're not aware of any particular restrictions that stop illegal immigrants from buying private insurance now .
Under health care reform , illegal immigrants would be able to buy private insurance or the public option .
When we look at all of this evidence , it seems that health reform leaves in place the status quo on illegal immigration , and certainly does not provide any new benefits particularly for illegal immigrants .
We hope to look at this issue more in the days ahead , because some hospitals are concerned about recouping their costs for treating illegal immigrants , and we 're curious to know more about that problem and how it might or might not be solved by reform .
The best argument that we find that health reform would help illegal immigrants is that some might be able to purchase the public option — if it passes , and it might not — on the new health insurance exchange .
They would purchase that at full cost .
Obama said , " The reforms I ’m proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally , " which Wilson said was a " lie . "
Actually , Obama can make a pretty thorough case that reform does n't apply to those here illegally .
We do n't find the public option argument enough to make the case that Obama " lied . "
We rate Wilson 's statement False .
After Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's debut on the international stage last week at the United Nations General Assembly in New York , the premier is back home to tackle daunting tasks .
One of the most intractable problems his country is facing is its falling birthrate .
Japan 's population could shrink by25 percent by 2050 if the birthrate does not increase , according to the National Institute of Population and Social Security Research .
Prime Minister Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan won an overwhelming election victory last month , breaking more than 50 years of almost uninterrupted rule by the Liberal Democratic Party .
In an attempt to bring the birthrate back to a sustainable level , the new government has promised to ease the expense of raising children in this island nation .
According to government minister Mizuho Fukushima , previous administrations " have been weak on providing financial support even though they have taken steps to tackle the daycare shortage problems . "
Now , Japan " is going to provide childcare support as much as it can to create a society where Japanese people can have a dream of raising children , " Bloomberg quoted him as saying .
Mr. Hatoyama has vowed to spend 16.8 trillion yen ( $ 186 billion ) to pull the country out of its economic slump in a package that includes provisions such as tuition aid and child support to make raising children easier .
Families would receive 13,000 yen ( $ 144 ) a month per child under 15 in the year beginning April 2010 and 26,000 yen a month the following year if his plan is approved .
Ms. Fukushima , the leader of the Social Democratic Party ( SDP ) , says monthly allowances are not enough on their own .
She says that more than 30,000 children are on daycare center waiting lists so money is needed to provide more childcare .
She says requiring health insurance to cover fertility treatments may also be a good idea .
Fertility rate dropped from 2.16 to 1.26
Japan is one of the world 's most rapidly aging countries and has one of the lowest birthrates – a result , says the institute , of socioeconomic changes brought on by a rapid period of economic growth .
Since 1970 , the number of Japanese over 65 has tripled to 22.1 percent of the population in 2008 .
The percentage could increase to 31.8 percent by 2030 .
Projections for over - 65 populations in India , China , and the US in 2030 are 8.4 percent , 15.9 percent , and 19.8 percent , respectively , of the total national population .
Meanwhile , the total fertility rate – the average number of children each woman has in her lifetime – steadily declined from 2.16 in 1971 to 1.26 in 2005 .
The figure has improved of late – up to 1.37 in 2008 – but it 's still among the lowest in the world , after Germany ( 1.33 ) and Italy ( 1.35 ) .
The average number of children born by women in the US is 2.1 .
Japan needs at least a 2.07 average to keep the population at the current level , says Fusami Mita , a senior researcher at the institute .
Why birthrates have fallen
Since the 1970s , socioeconomic changes encouraged Japanese to marry later , if they marry at all .
The following prolonged economic slump made more people struggle in an unstable job market .
As a result , more men – considered to be breadwinners in Japan – cannot afford to have a family .
Long working hours , the rising cost of childrearing and mothers ' large responsibility for raising a child have also cut the birth rate , says Yasuko Oshima , a senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute .
" Parents are also having a hard time making work and childrearing compatible . "
While Ms. Oshima welcomes the new government 's child allowances plan , she says society needs to change from a traditional approach where mothers alone bear the burden of childrearing .
Japan , she says , " needs to promote the creation of an environment conducive to not only wives but husbands working while raising a child . "
Skuriler Streich in Argentinien : Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher hat in einer E - Mail an den Fernsehsender C5N vor den Gefahren eines neuen Mode - Getränks mit dem Namen » Grog XD « gewarnt .
Die Reporter haben daraufhin in einem Beitrag das mitgeschickte Rezept des Getränks auseinandergenommen und von einem Arzt analysieren lassen .
So gehören zu den Zutaten Batteriesäure , Kerosin , Süßstoff , Schwefelsäure , Rum mit Aceton , rote Farbe , Scumm und Schmierfett .
Was für nicht - Eingeweihte wie ein lebensgefährliches Jugendritual klingt , dürfte bei Point & Click - Fans für Schmunzeln sorgen – das Rezept stammt aus der Spelunke » Scumm Bar « im Adventure The Secret of Monkey Island .
Vermutlich hatte der Sender auch schon den Namen des Getränks missverstanden , der Zusatz » XD « sieht zumindest aus wie ein Emoticon , im Spiel war stets nur die Rede von » Grog « .
Doch es wird skurriler : der zugeschaltete Arzt Dr. Alberto Cormillot erklärt , er habe bei einer Google - Recherche herausgefunden dass sich hinter dem Akronym » SCUMM « ein Lieferservice für Alkohol verbirgt .
Fakt ist : SCUMM – oder ausgeschrieben » Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion « - ist das Herzstück der klassischen LucasArts - Adventures .
Der Sender berichtet weiter , die Regierung würde sich im Laufe des Tages mit den Besitzern mehrerer Nachtclubs in Verbindung setzen um sich dem Problem anzunehmen .
Wir bezweifeln , dass viele Nachtclubs den Monkey - Island - Grog ausschenken – immerhin frisst sich die Brühe im Spiel innerhalb von wenigen Sekunden durch einen Zinnkrug .
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Policies are failing to decarbonise economies , the report says
An international group of academics is urging world leaders to abandon their current policies on climate change .
The authors of How to Get Climate Policy Back on Course say the strategy based on overall emissions cuts has failed and will continue to fail .
They want G8 nations and emerging economies to focus on an approach based on improving energy efficiency and decarbonising energy supply .
Critics of the report 's recommendations say they are a dangerous diversion .
The report is published by the London School of Economics ' ( LSE ) Mackinder Programme and the University of Oxford 's Institute for Science , Innovation & Society .
LSE Mackinder programme director Gwyn Prins said the current system of attempting to cap carbon emissions then allow trading in emissions permits had led to emissions continuing to rise .
He said world proposals to expand carbon trading schemes and channel billions of dollars into clean energy technologies would not work .
" The world has been recarbonising , not decarbonising , " Professor Prins said .
" The evidence is that the Kyoto Protocol and its underlying approach have had and are having no meaningful effect whatsoever .
" Worthwhile policy builds upon what we know works and upon what is feasible rather than trying to deploy never - before implemented policies through complex institutions requiring a hitherto unprecedented and never achieved degree of global political alignment . "
The report has drawn an angry response from some environmentalists , who acknowledge the problems it highlights but fear that the solutions it proposes will not work .
Tom Burke , from Imperial College London and a former government adviser , said : " The authors are right to be concerned about the lack of urgency in the political response to climate change .
" They are also right to identify significant weaknesses in the major policy instrument currently being negotiated .
" But nothing could be more harmful than to propose that the world stop what it is doing on climate change and start again working in a different way , " Professor Burke contested .
" This is neither practical nor analytically defensible - and it seems to have been born more out of frustration than understanding of the nature of the political processes involved .
" This is a far more complex , and urgent , diplomatic task than the strategic arms control negotiations and will require an even more sophisticated and multi-channel approach to its solution .
Stop - go is not sophisticated . "
G8 leaders will discuss climate change on Wednesday before joining leaders of emerging economies on Thursday for a meeting chaired by President Obama .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Which participant , Nicholas Crawford or Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem , do you agree with ?
An official from the UN's World Food Programme ( WFP ) , Nicholas Crawford , and Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem , a pan-Africanist and Director of Justice Africa , debate what is causing Africa 's deepening food crisis and what the solutions might be .
We also want to know what you think , so please use the link at the end of the page to join the debate .
Nicholas Crawford , World Food Programme
Let 's start by remembering that Africa is not a single country .
The reasons for the current food crisis - and the need for emergency aid , including food - vary from country to country .
MAPPING THE CRISIS
A country by country guide to the worst affected states
There are also some very positive developments in parts of Africa - experiences that point to solutions for solving the problems of hunger on the continent .
The causes for the present hunger crisis are multifold : countries in conflict or emerging from conflict and trying to rebuild their capacity such as West Africa , Sudan , Somalia , Uganda , Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Or countries beset with chronic environmental challenges combined with population growth like Ethiopia , Niger , Somalia and Kenya .
And countries in southern and eastern Africa ravaged by the HIV / Aids crisis , which in turn is further damaging agricultural and economic productivity ( already under stress from the structural adjustment period beginning in the 1980s ) .
Weak governance is also a thread that runs through many of the countries that have faced food crises over the past decade .
International trade barriers that weaken incentives for agricultural production are another factor .
Solutions
What are the solutions ?
Political will to carry out what we know can halve hunger by 2015 and eliminate hunger altogether , including : investment in Africa 's agriculture and rural sector dismantling of trade barriers and investment in African expertise to take advantage of trade opportunities reducing malnutrition among mothers and children so that the generational cycle of poor nutrition and poverty is broken improving and expanding basic education ; the adoption of governance approaches that ensure accountability to citizens , including the vulnerable among them and empowering the African Union and other regional bodies to take responsibility for peace and security on the continent Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem , Justice Africa
While the regional and national differences and particularities you mentioned are important the root of the problem in all of them remains the same as far as I am concerned : powerlessness .
Drought can and does happen in other places
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem
People are hungry because they are powerless and powerless because they are hungry .
It 's a vicious cycle .
Drought , can and does happen in other places ; wars do happen with equal ferocity in other places .
What turns drought and other natural or unnatural disasters into famine , chronic hunger , mass death , etc is the power relation between the victims and those who control , govern , rule or misrule them .
No African country has ever refused to go to war ( many of them unjust ones ) because the IMF / World Bank , Western NGOs or the so - called donors say there is no money .
Victims
It is only when it comes to feeding our peoples , educating our children , building roads and hospitals , creating jobs and looking after the welfare of our peoples that our governments plead lack of resources .
Until we are able to transform the seemingly infinite capacity of our states for war into one for peace and prosperity for our peoples we shall remain victims .
Also it is evidently clear that there are serious limitations on solving these problems in one country .
We need to be looking at sub-regional and continental solutions in order to arrest the absurdity of having surpluses in one country while another country ( sometimes even from the same region ) will be starving .
It happens even within the same country .
So of all the solutions you put forward , national political will and pan-African leadership is the most crucial without which other solutions will not be sustainable .
Nicholas Crawford , World Food Programme
Thanks for your very interesting take on the root causes of hunger in Africa .
Where we might differ is on what constitutes real solutions in the real world .
All the suggestions you make about relief and development aid going hand - in - hand with wider education ... are music to my ears
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem
I 'm a bit sceptical of any movements that start with the prefix " pan " .
Is empowerment likely to come from " national political will and pan-African leadership " as you suggest and if so , how long should we expect to wait for this to take hold ?
In the meantime , to state the obvious , people in many parts of Africa are hungry and without regular and healthy food they are not likely to build much of a groundswell of demand for accountability from the politicians .
What we have to do is make sure that the delivery of food and other assistance is regular and sufficient
Nicholas Crawford
What can we do to address immediate hunger and at the same time encourage a citizenship that demands their rights ?
My feeling is that relief and development food assistance ( and non -food assistance when this makes more sense to address hunger ) should not be delivered in a knowledge vacuum .
Refugee and IDP camp food assistance , school feeding programmes , general food distributions , food - for - work projects and nutrition projects can all be delivered in ways that expand people 's choices and knowledge .
Grassroots
What we have to do is make sure that the delivery of food and other assistance is regular and sufficient so that we are not constantly starting from scratch each time there is a new crisis .
Or barely helping to keep people 's heads above water as they survive year in and year out through chronic poverty and food insecurity .
Pan -African leadership will remain an abstraction - and some national political leaders will continue to be unresponsive - as long as the kind of people that WFP helps do not gain a voice .
Maybe consistent and sufficient support at grassroots level among hungry people - including with food assistance - is the way to achieve that voice .
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem , Justice Africa Pan-Africanism is no longer a utopian ideal .
It is a precondition for the survival of Africa and Africans .
India , China , both , probably have more people in poverty than all of Africa yet they are not the object of charity and aid the way Africa has become .
Who are the humanitarian agencies themselves accountable to
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem
All the suggestions you make about relief and development aid going hand - in - hand with wider education about rights , civic engagement for accountability , responsive and responsible leadership are music to my ears .
But where is the WFP , UNHCR or the army of humanitarian agencies working across Africa putting these ideas into practice ?
It is true that many African governments are not accountable to their peoples - that is why they can violate their basic right to live and the means of sustaining those lives .
Western wallets
But who are the humanitarian agencies themselves accountable to ?
Do the people they serve have any voice in their operations beyond being objects of their compassion ?
The sad truth is that humanitarian agencies are locked up in a " fire brigade " , compassion - driven negative image of Africa that helps to draw attention to perpetual " crisis " but cannot go beyond the stereotypical imagery of desperately poor Africans needing the help of others .
This template is what unlocks the wallets , treasuries and credit cards of the people and governments of the West .
That is why emergency responses are relatively easier than long term engagement that genuine development cooperation entails .
For fundraising , you are right , there is a certain image presented of Africa that sells in the West .
This raises money
Nicholas Crawford
One cannot help the cynical conclusion that Africa 's misery has become a career and a multi-billion dollar industry with many local , national and international stake holders in its perpetration .
I do not blame anybody but ourselves and especially myopic and irresponsible leaders .
The world does not owe us a living .
We owe this to ourselves .
It is not that we do n't need help but too many of our countries are too weak and vulnerable to be able decide where and how this help can be most useful .
Nicholas Crawford , World Food Programme
I might agree with you that the system of aid and relief , from a distance , seems to be failing and self - perpetuating .
But from the perspective of many of the communities we work in , accepting this conclusion and its logical implications is not so easy .
The involvement of women in our programmes , especially their control of resources , is standard practice and we believe it is politically transformative
Nicholas Crawford
Are the individuals in the relief and development business - those working at the field level , often dedicated , sometimes selfless , often delivering real assets ( like sacks of food ) and in most cases quickly disabused of any preconceived notions they might have had about the alleged powerlessness of poor African people and their communities - unconsciously contributing to the maintenance of a rotten system ?
Or are they and their programmes doing something towards preserving the dignity of people and further empowering them as political and governance forces on the continent evolve ?
For fundraising , you are right , there is a certain image presented of Africa that sells in the West .
This raises money .
But I do n't think Africans see themselves this way and while this ploy empties wallets in the West it does also transfer some of that money to wallets in Africa .
Is that such a bad thing ?
I do n't buy the theories ( which have been thoroughly discredited anyway ) that the system of relief and development food assistance is creating a culture of dependency .
Ideas Could we at WFP , UNHCR and other agencies do much better ?
Of course .
You ask what we are doing to put these ideas about rights and so forth into practice .
I do n't know where you stand on gender and women 's issues in Africa , but I will give you one example .
For WFP , the involvement of women in our programmes , especially their control of resources , is standard practice and we believe it is politically transformative .
Returnee women in up - country , post - conflict Sierra Leone running community agriculture projects funded by WFP and refugee women carrying family ration cards with their names and photos are two examples that spring to mind .
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem , Justice Africa
Your last comment is typical of the moral spasms of the average Westerner about aid and charity which often boils down to : even if one life is saved it is worth it !
Besides denunciations of the aid system , what is it you are you actually calling for ?
What choice are you making ?
Nicholas Crawford
Please forgive me if I am not impressed by saving one life in a continent where millions need not die prematurely if ...
There are difficult moral and political issues without easy solutions .
But the argument of " something is better than nothing " after so many years of food aid and other charity have made many of our governments more irresponsible and created false hopes in our peoples that Messiahs will come from Europe to solve our problems .
It is morally repugnant and should be politically unacceptable that Ethiopia and Eritrea can waste so much resources in useless border wars and then outsource the feeding of their peoples to NGOs , WFP , UNHCR and others .
Liberation ?
How many of those lives saved in 1984 by Geldof in Ethiopia are self - sufficient today ?
Many look back on Live 8 critically If food aid works why was Live 8 necessary in 2005 ?
You make carrying food ration ID cards with pictures sound like a badge of honour and some kind liberation for women .
Is it affirming the dignity and equality of the African woman to have the same right to beg like the famished and impoverished African man in a refugee camp ?
I hope to visit some of these empowerment projects of the WFP in Africa that you talk so glowingly about .
I want to know what is so empowering about them ?
How many of them will still be standing the day WFP pulls the plug on them ?
Aid is addictive .
For as long as there are so many aid pushers fuelling the addiction Africans will never be able to stand up on their feet .
Power
Am I opposed to feeding those who are hungry ?
AFRICA HAVE YOUR SAY
With good governance , most African countries could be net exporters of agricultural produce
Darren , Lobatse , Botswana
Send us your comments
Of course not , but we need to look beyond the hunger and ask why they are hungry and what can be done to end the conditions that generate such absolute poverty that makes millions suffer the indignity of depending on others to feed themselves .
It is about power at local , national and international levels .
Remember the famous quote : " When I feed the poor they call me a saint but when I ask why they are poor , they call me a communist " .
Too many saints around without many communists is turning Africa into a permanent emergency for latter day missionaries to shower in conspicuous charity !
Nicholas , I guess we all have to make our choice whether we become self - chosen saints or communists .
Or both , as and when situations demands it .
Nicholas Crawford , World Food Programme Spasms apart - and let 's be honest , Westerners do n't have a monopoly on spasms when it comes to aid and charity - you are right that we all make our choices .
WFP 's choice is to engage , to be there on the ground , to acknowledge ( hopefully ) our major failures and shortcomings .
And to work in the real world trying to try to get things right and trying to move towards solving hunger in a continent that will continue to be wracked with enormous problems , while you and others do whatever it takes to bring about the pan-Africanism you are dreaming of .
Are we really at cross-purposes ?
Do not patronise people dependent on you by calling them partners .
Even on slave plantations there were partnerships !
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem Besides denunciations of the aid system , what is it you are actually calling for ?
What choice are you making ?
If it 's immediately closing shop on the Bob Geldof 's and the WFPs because there is - decades of aid later - so much food insecurity , come out and say it and acknowledge the costs .
And by the way , please do talk to some of the women who have never had an ID card in their life or been entrusted with family resources : they do n't see themselves as beggars .
Thanks for the passion and the stimulating discussion .
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem , Justice Africa
Let me spell it out clearly : Africa does not need aid or armies of bleeding heart liberals to feed its people , clothe them , educate them , if we have responsive and responsible leadership .
A people without a dream to work towards will suffer nightmares
Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem
Our aims differ : you offer charity while justice is what we seek .
You lament poverty and even believe you want to alleviate it but our focus is on the internal and external dimensions of Africa 's impoverishment .
Aid strengthens superiority / inferiority complexes in a relationship mediated by slavery , colonialism and now recolonisation .
Aid agencies have become both willing and unwilling bodyguards of the new imperialism .
The fact that there are many Africans working in them does not change their character .
The colonial bureaucracies were full of Africans !
Do not patronise people dependent on you by calling them partners .
Even on slave plantations there were partnerships !
China is a threat to the West today and India is treated with respect because God cannot make 1.3 and 1.1bn ( respectively ) people stupid .
Destiny A united Africa is essential for us to seize control of our destiny .
A people without a dream to work towards will suffer nightmares .
Has Africa not had enough nightmares ?
You are so consumed by wanting to save us that you cannot see how we can and are saving ourselves .
I end on a specially adapted prayer :
God save me from my liberal friends because the conservative opponent I can deal with , without any pretences on both sides .
All the best .
What do you think ?
Do you agree with Nicholas Crawford or Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem ?
Send us your views using the link below .
Click here to let us know your views and who you agree with Return to the top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
