Police Taser drunk fan who heckled Tiger Woods at golf tournament
A drunken American who heckled Tiger Woods at a major golf tournament was Tasered by police when he refused to stop .
Travis Parmelee yelled abuse at the shamed golfer at the second round of the Players Championship , close to the 11th hole in Sawgrass , Florida .
The 36 - year - old resisted attempts to calm down and became increasingly belligerent – which led to officers zapping him with a 50,000 volt stun gun .
Travis Parmelee is handcuffed and arrested after being Tasered by police for heckling Tiger Woods at the Players Championship in Sawgrass , Florida
Parmelee was charged with disorderly intoxication and resisting arrest at the event , which marks one of Woods ' first public forays back into golf
Parmelee was charged with disorderly intoxication and resisting arrest without violence .
Captain Dave Messenger says Parmelee had been drinking .
The arrest comes four days after a Philadelphia police officer used a stun gun on a teenager dashing through the outfield during a Phillies baseball game at Citizens Bank Park .
The use of a Taser on Parmalee comes just four days after a fan received the same treatment from police for running through the pitch during a Philadelphia baseball game
A quick update for the folks who have not yet made it into PackMe .
In ( aka PiN or ‘ The Donkey ’ ) – PiN have opened signups for a limited time in celebration of the Mother 's Day .
As the name suggests , this private torrent tracker is all about torrent packs – for example , instead of individual TV episodes which are regularly found on most other torrent sites , PiN only tracks either complete series or full season packs .
Same goes for movies and other content – at PiN , everything comes in bundles .
It ’s also worth mentioning that this site is ratio free .
We have announced about ‘ The Donkey ’ open signups several times before here on FILEnetworks Blog – if you missed out on creating an account on previous occasions , now would be a good time to do so .
PackMe.
In has been online for a little over 10 months and things have looked good for them so far .
Currently the site indexes over 1100 torrent packs – not an easy feat to manage as these are all exclusive torrents not found elsewhere .
Uploaded content range from movie packs , music packs to even theme and wallpaper packs .
The only noticeable feature change since our last mention of PiN seem to be the addition of new themes ( apart from new torrents ) .
The site now features 9 fully fledged themes through which you can customize the visual style with the click of a button .
For those of you who want detailed information and screenshots of PiN , we strongly recommend reading this article as it pretty much covers pretty much everything there ’s to be said about this tracker .
This is usually a closed community and members are required to either provide an invite code or go through the IRC interview process to get in .
However , none of this is necessary right now as PiN is currently in open signup mode :
2010-05-09
Happy Mother 's Day !
Signups have been opened : please give https://packme.in/oya.php to all of your friends .
Signups will remain open until we reach a certain number of users .
We 'll try to let you know a day before closing them .
//Staff
If you are looking forward to download torrent packs ( including some huge ass files spanning over many GBs ) , you wo n’t find a better site than PiN – it 's currently the only specialized packs tracker out there .
Site Name : PackMe.In ( https://packme.in)
Signup URL : https://packme.in/oya.php
Related Articles
Japanese girls are great for a lot of reasons , I mean , get real , they 're loved world wide because they 're small , cute , wear tiny tiny skirts , and sometimes dress up in school uniforms ( even if they 're not in school anymore ) .
It seems to be a rite of passage for every male exchange student , every JET , and everyone visiting Japan to try to find a Japanese girlfriend when they visit …
Many people even say that " the best way to learn a language is to date someone who speaks it ! "
Sorry , but for the sake of your Japanese language skills
Flirting DOESN'T CUT IT !
I assure you , the longer you date a Japanese girl , the less likely you will be able read the rude t- shirt you started wearing to find one !
Why you might ask ?
It only makes sense that the more you speak Japanese , the better you get , right ?
Right ?
RIGHT ?!
Wrong , and here 's why :
1 . You are lazy
Sure .
At first you might say , " Oh man , I 'm going to get so good at kanji , and grammar , and all that stuff now ! " and you might even convince your girlfriend to tutor you everyday , but that wo n't last .
It NEVER does .
There are exceptions to the rule , but most of the time you 've got a lot more " fun and important " things to do with your girlfriend than talk about freaking kanji radicals and grammar points ( … at least I HOPE you do ) .
You 'll also have a lot more " unfun " things to talk about like when her mom is coming to visit or how bad you made the bathroom smell .
In any case , there will be times when you 'll get lazy and just use the easiest words you can think of , even if it 's just English that sounds kind of like Japanese .
2 . You will mix English and Japanese
There are lots of terms for this phenomenon , and it is not limited to just speakers of English and Japanese , but it is the DEVIL !!!
This stupid practice , mostly caused by laziness will literally ruin your chances of speaking intelligible Japanese , and probably your girlfriend 's chances of remembering English .
You will create your own little language that no one else really understands , not even you , and that makes for absolutely terrible communication .
Here is a sample conversation that does n't make sense :
A . When do you think the 図書館 is open ?
B. さあ 、I do n't know , after dinner you should チェック 。
A. めんどくさいな。 B . Do n't be a バカ。ほら見て、このサイトで it 's written right here !
A. そうか 。Fine , 夕飯を食べた ら I 'm gonna go return these 本。
See ?
This conversation is wrong in too many ways to " counto . "
3 . Getting made fun of sucks
No matter how good at speaking Japanese you get , there will always be ways to get made fun of by your girlfriend .
Some are simply called " cute " for speaking with an accent , while others get called out on their weird grammar or pronunciation .
No matter what , most guys HATE criticism , even backhanded statements about how cute you are !
It makes you feel stupid , like you are being treated like a small child , and it 's easy to get defensive .
Even people who speak really awesome Japanese get made fun of because they speak better Japanese than normal people !
It 's frustrating !
It 's only fair though , because I 'm sure not many of you can honestly say you 've never made fun of Japanese English or " カタカナ イングリーシュ . "
It 's just so cute and funny .
アイ ライク ユウー！カン ウイ ハング アウト ツモーロ ？ " I like you !
Can we hang out tomorrow ? "
Awwwwwww….okay , fair is fair .
4. あんたの彼女とばかり話してると、かわいい女の子みたいに話しちゃうわよ！笑
This title means , if you talk with your girlfriend all the time , you might end up sounding like our friend above :
「 あたし美しいね〜 ! 」
" I 'm sooo beautiful ! " ( said very cutely )
This is probably not desirable , and believe me , everyone will let you know how girly you sound .
This unfortunate scenario also occurs a lot because a huge portion of Japanese instructors are women , and most foreign guys do n't spend their time looking for manly sounding Japanese dudes to chase around .
If you are just starting your language learning experience , you wo n't be able to help but talk like girl .
On the flip side , if you over compensate , and try to talk like a Japanese THUG , then your friends , girlfriend , their friends friends , will think you 've lost your mind and will all laugh until they turn blue .
5 . Your girlfriend wants to learn English
I know Koichi hates this with a passion , but most guys learning Japanese are going to try to get girlfriends in Japan by becoming language partners .
Sorry Koichi , but it 's the birds and the bees , and it 's the way it will always be .
Men , chances are your future girlfriend is n't going to date you because she 's really pumped about teaching someone basic Japanese over and over again .
If anything , she 'll agree to hang out with you because she wants to learn English , at least as one of the perks .
If that is the case , you will probably spend a lot more time explaining things in English rather than learning Japanese .
6 . No keigo or kanji with your girlfriend
Maybe I have exaggerated a smidge in the above parts , and there are significant linguistic improvements that can be made in your life by chasing Japanese girls .
Keigo ( formal language ) and Kanji skills are probably not included in this theoretical list of benefits .
Unless you want your conversations with your girlfriend to sound like two bankers who are n't quite sure which of them is 先輩 「 せんぱい 」 " senior , " you wo n't be getting a lot of time practicing keigo .
Even Japanese people have trouble learning keigo because no one uses it with anyone close to them .
Using keigo with people you like makes you sound like you are being especially cold and probably mad at them .
It 's like when your parents were driving the car on a road trip when you were a little kid , and your dad is super lost and your mom asks overly kindly " Honey , would it be at all possible if we could stop and ask for directions ? " to which your dad replies very politely and forcefully restrained " Darling , if we can just find the freeway , there will be no need to stop and bother the gas station attendant … "
It 's a little different in Japanese , but it 's the same concept that something is n't right if you 're suddenly being very formal .
It sounds weird to the point where a lot of girls really do n't like to practice it with their boyfriends .
Sorry guys .
For kanji , unless your girlfriend is really into calligraphy and wants to practice together everyday , she probably wo n't be a big resource for helping you there .
Some people try to hand write letters , but most would rather be doing other things , like eating nachos .
A popular solution is email , but I can assure you , everyone can type a ZILLION more kanji than they can actually write !
You , me , and most Japanese people under 30 included .
Now there 's even 191 more kanji we 're all supposed to know … so better start writing some really complex love letters !
7. Jesus that 's fast !
Ca n't you speak slowly ?!
Oh wait …you are ?
It may seem like your girlfriend is talking like a machine gun to you , but wait until she gets around her friends … it 's a blur of giggling lightning !
For a lot of us , the only real part we participate in once they get going is listening to how silly or cute we sound if we try to say anything .
That means that most of the time she 's going easy on you .
It 's nice and practical for mutual understanding , but really it 's like using training wheels all the time .
Once you take them off , you 'll crash and burn in real conversations .
An obvious solution is to tell her to speak normally to you , but that often does n't last long .
If she tells you at lightning speed to " Bring the chopsticks " はしを持って来てね 「 hashiwomottekitene 」 and you hear " Go to the bridge and back " 橋に行って来て ね 「 hashiniittekitene 」 she 's probably going to get tired of you fast if you 're gone for an hour while she 's waiting for chopsticks !
橋だろ？ ！
8 . Your conversation topics will be limited
Some of you might be dating Japanese bioethics experts who take time and care to explain each vocabulary to you to ensure that you understand every word , but most of you will be repeating the following conversation far more often :
A. kyo 今日 （ ） nani 何 （ ） tabeyou 食べよう （ ） ？ " What should we eat today ? " B. saa さあ （ ） 、nanigaii なにがいい？ （ ） ?
" Uhh , well what do you want ? "
A. wakaranai 分からない （ ） 。冷蔵庫に何が入っている？「 reizokoninanigahaitteiru ?
」
” I do n’t know .
What ’s in the fridge ? ” B. あまり何もないよ。 「 amarinanimonaiyo 」 " There 's not much . "
On the edge of your seat yet ??
It 's like repeating basic Japanese class over and over again .
Some of you will get to delve into deeper topics from time to time , but it 's not like you 're going to be seriously practicing Japanese all the time with every conversation .
It gets tiring to have real deep conversations all the time , so it 's really easy to be lazy and stick to the mundane stuff , and mix in some English when you do n't know the right word and hope she understands .
BAD BAD BAD !
9 . Your girlfriend probably does n't know Japanese very well
I hate to criticize your girlfriend without having met her , but her Japanese is probably not perfect .
Unless she 's used to teaching foreigners all the time , it 's likely that she wo n't be able to tell you much about how to learn Japanese .
She learned it a loooong time ago , and way differently than you 're going to have to do .
It 's not going to help you that much to go sit in on an elementary school Japanese language class in Japan .
Too much worrying about protecting your anus from mean children to focus anyway .
The Japanese your girlfriend uses is n't even exactly the same thing you 'll be learning .
Her kanji's probably off some of the time , and the grammar she uses sometimes wo n't be found in your textbook .
That 's okay for basic practice , and it's great to learn theoretical and practical use of Japanese , but this is n't Japanese class it 's your GIRLFRIEND .
10 . Just kidding .
Getting a Japanese girlfriend really can improve your Japanese .
A lot .
Please do n't run away from Japanese girls screaming that you need to protect your language skills .
Please .
A lot of them are nice , fun , and might actually speak to you in Japanese .
If you practice with real people , then maybe you wo n't sound like a conversation from Nakama or Genki , which will make people laugh way more than if you actually try .
Hopefully you 'll learn lots of cool things about culture , dating style , a new world view , and if you 're lucky , find more meaningful things to talk about than kanji radicals .
Just keep in mind the frustrations and pitfalls along the road , do n't give up , and do n't stop actually studying .
みんな頑張れ ！
P.S. All this probably applies to Japanese boyfriends , too , for all of you that like boys and not girls .
This post was written by Nick W. , who has traveled throughout many regions of Japan in search of unique cultural gems .
He is currently earning his MBA and has researched topics like folk music in WWII Japan and Ainu cultural revival through music .
His favorite Japanese musician is the late Nujabes .
He does have a nice Japanese girlfriend , but is too lazy to learn much Japanese from her .
Like PIIGS to the slaughter
Just about every article in this morning ’s _ Financial Times_ seems to include a paragraph or two about how governments need to “ deliver ” debt reduction , to satisfy the markets , investor expectations etc .
They then typically note that said investors are anxious about whether democratic politicians can “ deliver ” the austerity measures that the markets “ require ” .
So here ’s the question : how long before the _Economist_ , the Murdoch press and similar give up on democracy on the grounds of its incapacity to “ deliver ” firm government ?
We ’ve been here before , of course , in the 1970s , when the _Economist_ and the _Times_ backed the Pinochet coup in Chile .
Of the PIIGS , only Ireland has escaped dictatorship in living memory and some of the southern European countries still contain contain authoritarian rumps ( with special strength in the armed forces and law enforcement ) .
My guess is that we ’ll be reading op - eds pretty soon that raise the spectre of “ ungovernability ” and espouse “ temporary ” authoritarian solutions .
Maybe such columns are already being written ?
Feel free to provide examples in comments .
Confirmation of his capture emerged this morning after the New York Times disclosed he had been arrested last week , but said they had delayed reporting it following a White House request .
Officials said it could hamper a successful intelligence gathering effort which they hoped would lead to further senior Taliban arrests .
Most immediately , they hope he will provide the whereabouts of Mullah Omar , the one - eyed cleric who is the group 's spiritual leader , the paper said .
Return to Transcripts main page
CNN LARRY KING LIVE
Interview with Laura Bush
Aired May 11 , 2010 - 21:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
( MUSIC )
LARRY KING , HOST ( voice - over ) : Tonight -- Laura Bush , revealing a side of herself even her own children did n't know until now .
Opening up about a tragedy and a guilt that 's haunted her for decades , and the secrets she could tell only after leaving the White House .
Were the president and first lady poisoned on purpose at an official dinner ?
She 'll tell us about losing her faith and then finding it , and what she witnessed from her front - row seat to history -- next on LARRY KING LIVE .
( MUSIC )
( END VIDEOTAPE )
KING : One week from tonight , we 've got Mick Jagger .
Here for the hour right now , we welcome back former first lady , Laura Bush to LARRY KING LIVE .
We spent many hours together , campaigning in the White House .
And now , post - White House .
Her new book is " Spoken from the Heart , " a terrific read , published by Scribner's .
There you see its cover .
You were such a private first lady .
Was n't this hard for you to do ?
LAURA BUSH , FORMER U.S. FIRST LADY :
It actually was not .
It was really great to have a chance to do this .
I wanted it to be very candid .
I wanted it to be revealing .
And I knew there were a lot of gaps that what reporters asked me about , all those eight years we were there , you know , did n't cover some of the things that were in this book .
So , I had a great time writing it .
I went back home to Midland when I started it .
My mother still lives there , and went by all those houses my dad built .
And the houses George and I lived in , and the schools we went to .
KING : Lived your life over .
BUSH : That 's right .
And I really did and there 's something cathartic about it because I saw things really for the first time with my vantage point , now , at my age -- a lot of things that happened to me when I was younger and still thought of them as a 17 - year - old .
But now , I could see them --
( CROSSTALK )
KING : Why -- why did you ?
You had a wonderful childhood and a lot of sadness .
Why did you hold back all these years ?
BUSH : Well , I mean , that was -- you know , no one ever asked .
I mean , it was not really --
KING : No one ever asked you about it ?
BUSH : No .
So it was n't really the thing to talk about .
And people asked me about the car accident .
KING : Yes .
BUSH : I was asked about that when that became public in the 2000 race .
But the things about having the little brothers and sisters that did n't live , you know , that was just something we did n't talk about that much .
But when I started to write it , the book , I realized how much that had influenced my parents and how -- what a sadness it had been for them .
And so , it was a sadness for me .
KING : How old were you ?
BUSH : I was two when my mother lost the second -- her second child , my first little brother .
And that 's my first memory -- is looking through a nursery glass window at little western clinic in Midland .
I do n't remember seeing a baby .
I just remember this big window that was actually inside a building , and knowing that my little brother was there .
KING : Is there a grave ?
BUSH : There 's -- he is just buried with the other babies , the other premature babies in Midland at a cemetery .
KING : What was it like for a little girl ?
BUSH : Well , it was sad .
And then when I was eight , my mother had another pregnancy , and when I was 13 , she had another one .
So , I knew always that that was their big sadness , that they did n't get to keep those three other babies and have a big family of four children .
And so , it was for me , too .
I wanted all those brothers and sisters .
KING : But it was an overall happy childhood , right ?
BUSH : Very happy .
I have very stable , loving parents that were funny and fun and great to be with .
And , you know , that -- I knew always , I 've always known what an advantage that is , to have parents who were like that .
KING : Great to have a mother still around .
BUSH : That 's right .
And my mother will be 91 in July .
And she 's doing great , and she 's still in Midland .
KING : Probably watching .
BUSH : I hope so .
KING : Now , you write about a tragedy , that accident .
Now , explain that .
I 'm going to read a little from it .
BUSH : OK .
KING : By the way , you can read from the book , too .
BUSH : OK .
Great .
KING : Would you -- was he your boyfriend ?
BUSH : No , he -- Mike Douglas was my very good friend .
KING : Mike Douglas ?
BUSH : I had known him most of my life .
We had known each other -- our families had been acquaintances , and we -- I had old movies when we were really young children with Mike in it .
And then we'd been great friends through high school , talked on the phone almost every night .
And I was just driving with a friend to a drive - in movie , and we 're on a very dark and two - lane road , which is now the big loop , the big freeway that circles Midland .
And it ends in a highway , Big Spring highway , which also was probably two - lane at the time .
KING : And here 's the way you write : " I was in the intersection , and immediately in front of me was another car .
It came rushing out of the darkness , and I was right upon it without a second to turn the wheel .
All I heard was the horrible sound of metal colliding , the catastrophic boom that occurs when two hard pieces of steel make contact . "
How old were you ?
BUSH : Seventeen .
I 'd just turned 17 two days before .
KING : You had no idea who was in the other car ?
BUSH : No , I did n't know who was in the other car .
And I was thrown out of the car , but I got up .
I was not badly injured at all .
And my friend who was in the car with me , had stayed in the car .
And she just got out and we stood to the side .
And we knew that the person who was in the other car was lying on the ground there .
And in a few minutes , another car drove up , and a man rushed to the person who was lying there , and my friend Judy said , " I think that 's the father of the person that 's there " .
KING : He was following him in the car ?
BUSH : They lived right beyond this intersection .
And I said , " Well , no , that can't be the father .
That 's Mr. Douglas . "
KING : Jeez .
BUSH : And then when we got to the hospital and we just had the little cloth drape pull between where we were lying and where he was .
And then I heard Mrs. Douglas .
KING : Is n't that the strangest of coincidences ?
BUSH : It 's strange -- it 's strange and terrible coincidence .
It really is .
Really is .
KING : He died that night ?
BUSH : He died instantly , I 'm sure .
KING : And you said you lost faith .
BUSH : I did , because the whole time , I just kept saying , " Please , God , please , God , you know , let him be OK . "
And you know , it was like no one heard .
KING : Now , you -- there was no reason for guilt .
You had n't done anything wrong .
BUSH : Well , I mean , it was an accident .
But still , of course , I felt terrible guilt .
I mean , it was my fault .
I ran the stop sign .
I mean , I ran a stop sign I did n't see .
And , you know , I was a very unexperienced -- inexperienced driver , and on a dark road , and all those things .
But still , it does n't matter .
KING : The friend who was in the car with you , still a friend ?
BUSH : Judy .
Yes , very good friends still .
KING : The father , did he forgive you ?
BUSH : I do n't know that .
I never went over to their house .
My parents went over the next day , and visited with them .
And then no one really ever suggested that I go see them .
KING : Really ?
BUSH : And I know it ruined their life .
KING : Did you have any kind of depression ?
BUSH : No , I do n't know that I would say that .
I did n't --
I dealt with it by trying not to think about it , by putting it out of my mind and not talking about it .
And no one talked about it .
My best friend and I would talk about it every once in a while .
But no one suggested going to get help or talk to a pastor or , you know , talk to anyone .
It was just how it was , really , in 1963 in west Texas where you just sort of swallowed your troubles and went on .
KING : How did you get your faith back ?
BUSH : Well , it was slow .
I mean , it was slow , and it was a long time coming .
And , you know , it was more of a study of what faith is and what that means .
And , you know , it just came slowly .
And , really , it was what the accident was a tragedy beyond belief for the Douglases and for Mike , who -- you know , whose life ended then , and then for me .
And I learned the hard way that there are those kinds of tragedies that you can't do anything about ever ; that you can't change , no matter how much you might want to .
KING : But your faith tells you he is still somewhere , is n't he ?
BUSH : Well , my faith tells me that God forgives , and that -- you know , that there is a better place .
KING : Coming up : Marrying into the Bush family , and her wedding day .
Extraordinary book , Laura Bush , " Spoken from the Heart . "
Do n't go away .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : We 're back with Laura Bush .
The book " Spoken from the Heart , " published by Scribner 's , our special guest for the hour .
Mick Jagger one week from tonight .
How did you meet George W.?
BUSH : Well , we actually grew up together in the same town not that far away from each other .
Our houses were probably about 10 blocks apart .
But we went to two separate elementary schools .
And then we went only one year together to one year of junior high before the Bushes moved to Houston .
KING : How much older was he than you ?
BUSH : He is my exact same age .
So , 18 , 19 years later , I was back in Midland visiting my parents , and George had moved back to go in the oil business , and some friends had invited us to come over to their house for dinner .
They 'd been sort of talking up George for a year or two because we were literally the last of their friends who were n't married .
So , they put us together .
KING : What do you remember about the first meeting ?
BUSH : Well , I remember that -- I remember a lot about it .
I remember what I wore .
I remember what Jan and Joey fixed .
They fixed hamburgers in the backyard .
I remember how I thought George was very funny and he made me laugh .
And then the next day , he called me and asked for a date .
We went to a miniature golf course and played miniature golf .
KING : Was there an immediate attraction ?
BUSH : There was , really .
There was really .
We were really ready .
I mean , we were looking for somebody to share our life with .
KING : How long before you got married ?
BUSH : Three months .
KING : Pretty quick .
BUSH : Yes .
Very quick .
KING : Was there an engagement ring ?
BUSH : No engagement ring .
I just got the plain gold band .
I did get the bigger ring later .
KING : There 's a passage in the book about your wedding day -- if you 'd like to read it .
BUSH : Sure .
" The morning after my 31st birthday , I stepped into the chapel on my father 's arm .
George was waiting at the altar .
The night before , when George stood to give his toast , he 'd wept .
George and his father are deeply sentimental men .
In years to come , to others , the cool remote of television would frequently obscure the depth of their caring , how much , and how deeply their own hearts open .
George Herbert Walker Bush did n't even try to give a toast .
Only Bar spoke . "
KING : You and Bar have had -- how would you describe that relationship ?
BUSH : Well , we have a very loving relationship now .
KING : But ?
BUSH : But when we first married , I just expected Bar to welcome me with open arms and to be treated like a daughter myself , like my mother did to George , of course , because I did n't have any brothers and sisters .
But Bar had five children , and already had some grandchildren .
And it took a while for us to really develop a great relationship .
And it happened when we moved to Washington in 1987 to work on Mr. Bush 's campaign , on Gampy 's campaign .
And we lived in the same town and we lived up the street from them , just a mile up the street .
And during that year and a half , we finally really got to know each other and love each other .
KING : Was she testy with you ?
BUSH : I would n't say that .
I would n't say that .
She just had a lot of family members .
And when we were together , before that , it would be in the summer when all the brothers and sisters and the grandchildren and everyone would be there , or it would be at a major high - profile event like a Republican convention or an inauguration , or , you know , some event where Gampy 's political life was on the line .
So , when we got to know each other , we really got to love each other .
KING : I interviewed your husband during that convention in 1986 .
BUSH : Yes , I remember that .
KING : You call him Gampy ?
BUSH : You call Gampy .
Now , that 's just Gampy and Ganny , those are the names that the Bushes use for the grandparents .
KING : Do you still use them ?
BUSH : Yes .
Still , do .
KING : Tell me about the drinking .
BUSH : Well , George and I lived in Midland for the first 10 years that we were married .
And the life there in west Texas had a lot of drinking .
You know , drinking was a part of it .
Our social life was to go out on the weekends , go out on Friday night usually with all of our friends to eat Mexican food .
And the ladies would drink margaritas , and the men would drink beer .
And the next night , on Saturday night , we'd go to somebody 's house for dinner where , you know , we 'd barbecue and people would bring hors d'oeuvres or whatever and we 'd drink .
KING : You too ?
BUSH : Us , too .
I mean , everyone , women and men did .
But I really thought that George drank too much , and I would notice it .
And , you know , it might be funny .
I say this in the book , when other people 's husbands have too much to drink , but I did n't think it was funny when mine did .
And so --
KING : And did he -- did you encourage him to get help ?
BUSH : And so , I encouraged him .
I put in the book that I did n't use the line , " It 's Jim Beam or me . "
That was sort of a joke that came later .
I was n't about to divorce George .
KING : No ?
BUSH : You know , we did n't have divorce in our DNA .
Plus , I had baby twin girls and I was n't going to be left with twins .
But --
( CROSSTALK )
KING : But is it hard to live with an alcoholic ?
BUSH : Well , I would n't say that he was really like that .
I mean , it was heavy - drinking , but it was at night .
And he worked and he was a very disciplined athlete .
He ran every single day .
And I just knew that he would like himself better if he quit .
And there were a number of things that happened .
He -- we met Billy Graham the summer before in Maine .
And then he -- some Midland men started a Bible study that he started going to .
His dad was thinking about running for president .
And all of those things really worked to make George see that he did n't want to keep drinking .
KING : Were n't there some bad nights , though ?
BUSH : Well , there were bad nights , but not -- you know , not really .
KING : You never wanted to split ?
BUSH : No , no , I never wanted to split .
I mean , we do n't have divorce in our DNA .
KING : How did he stop ?
BUSH : He just stopped .
We went to the Broadmoor for our 40th birthday parties .
All of us were turning 40 that year of our friends .
And I used to joke that he got the bar bill , and that 's when he stopped .
But I think there was really nothing different from that weekend from other weekends .
We traveled with people and had a lot to drink .
I think it was just one too many weekends .
And --
KING : More with Laura Bush .
BUSH : -- he can do it .
It 's hard to just stop like that .
KING : Whoa .
Did n't go to A.A. or anything ?
BUSH : Did n't do that .
KING : Could someone have tried to poison President Bush and Laura ?
We 'll talk about that .
Also about baseball -- ahead .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : We 're with Laura Bush .
She is now first lady .
How did Hillary treat you , the outgoing first lady ?
BUSH : Very well .
She gave me a tour of the White House , after the election was finally decided , which you remember was 36 days after Election Day .
KING : What was that like ?
BUSH : That was wild .
They -- she gave me a tour and she was very forthcoming with advice , which I appreciated a lot .
And we walked all over the White House and saw everything .
And one of the things she pointed out was the window from the upstairs dressing room , the first lady 's dressing room that looks down on to the Rose Garden .
And she said that Barbara Bush had pointed that window out to her , and that she had -- Bar had said , you know , if there 's an event in the Rose Garden where the president was speaking , she would look out that window or look over in the office .
And then Hillary told me that .
And so , when I gave Michelle Obama the tour , I passed on the -- you know , this is the window to look out .
KING : What is it like to live there ?
BUSH : It 's really unbelievable to live there .
It 's such a magnificent house and so many reminders of all the different families that have lived there .
You live with their decorating .
You live with their furniture .
You live with their choices of art .
And there is something really comforting about that because you are always aware when you live there , the challenges that other families who lived there faced .
A lot faced tragic -- you know , their own personal tragedies like the death of Willie Lincoln or Calvin Coolidge 's son who died while they lived there .
Or , you know , the challenges our country faced while they lived there .
And in those days after September 11th , when we would think about other times that our country had faced challenges , that was comforting and encouraging to us .
KING : Do you feel like a renter or an owner ?
BUSH : No , you know that it 's your -- that it's a temporary home .
But you also feel like you 're the steward of it and that it 's your responsibility to make sure that it 's kept up and looks great , and , you know , is lovely and welcoming to whoever comes to visit .
KING : I remember talking with you at length about 9/11 when you were in the White House .
And I remember talking to Ted Kennedy .
Of course , the two of you shared 9/11 .
You were with him .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : Tell me .
BUSH : I was with -- I was on my way to Capitol Hill to brief the Senate Education Committee , Senator Kennedy 's committee , on early childhood education that morning .
And really , which was one of the goals I had set for myself as first lady .
And so I was on the way there when my Secret Service agent leaned over to me and said a plane has just flown into the World Trade Center .
We went ahead to Capitol Hill because when we heard about the first plane , we just had no idea what would transpire later .
But by the time we got to the Capitol , we knew about the second plane .
And so , we knew that it was an attack .
And so , I went to Senator Kennedy 's office , and he kept up a steady stream of small talk .
He showed me mementos that he had in his room .
He showed me the photographs that he had on his wall .
KING : Did n't talk about --
BUSH : And really did n't even discuss it .
And I speculated about that many times .
I 've wondered if that was just how he wanted to deal with the tragedy , because he had had so many tragedies in his own life , or if he thought I would fall apart if we started to talk about it .
And really , when I think about it , and when I wrote the book , I thought about this , what would we have said except just -- oh no , oh no , oh no , you know , over and over .
KING : So , you did n't discuss it all ?
BUSH : So , in a lot of ways , it gave me some space .
KING : And you did n't discuss it at all ?
BUSH : We did n't .
But then we went out to the press .
And we told the press we discussed it then and said to the press that we were just postponing the briefing to the committee , that I -- we would come back and do it later .
And I did later , the next January .
So , we discussed it then with the press .
And one of the things the press said to me , Larry McQuillan said as we were turning to walk away at the end of the little press briefing was -- he said , " Mrs. Bush , what do you say to the children ? "
And that really is when I thought that I did know what to say to children .
And I knew how to encourage children .
And I knew what parents should do -- should turn off the television so their children would n't see those buildings fall over and over , those planes go into those buildings over and over .
KING : What was it like for you to see it ?
BUSH : It was terrible .
I mean , I felt sick .
And Judd Gregg -- Senator Judd Gregg , who is a close friend of ours , joined Senator Kennedy and me .
And , you know , Judd and I would just sort of look at each other and we both looked sick , I think , because we knew what it meant .
It meant just a change of everything .
KING : How soon did you talk to the president ?
BUSH : I talked to him a little bit later after I had gone to the secure location that the Secret Service took me to .
And that 's also one of the really surprising things for George and me that day was how spotty the communication was and how when we would have expected instant communication in a crisis like that , we did n't really have it .
KING : Had trouble talking ?
BUSH : Had trouble calling back and forth .
He had trouble -- he had trouble calling from Air Force One .
I could n't reach him .
And we did , of course , reach each other and talk to each other , but after several tries .
KING : Were you wondering where he was or --
BUSH : Well , I knew where he was .
And I knew he was in Florida .
And then I thought he was on his way to Washington .
And then by the time I talked to him , I knew they had left for -- I think they went to Louisiana and then maybe to that Nebraska to that --
KING : But he was home that night , right ?
BUSH : But he came home that night .
KING : What was that night like ?
BUSH : Well , that night I went into the bunker .
They had brought me back to the White House .
And I went to bunker , and Lynne and Dick Cheney were there and Condi Rice was there .
And Lynne came over to me and said that the plane that had flown in the Pentagon had circled the White House .
And then George got there and came in and we hugged .
I do n't really remember what we said to each other .
I think we just hugged each other , and we knew we were safe and our girls were safe .
But , you know , all we could think about were the hundreds and thousands of people who could n't say the same about their loved one .
KING : The Secret Service want you'd to sleep underground at the White House .
George wanted to sleep in his own bed , though .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : Because ?
BUSH : Because he knew he had to get some sleep .
And that he just needed to sleep that night because we both knew what lay before us .
And what -- you know , everything had changed , that it changed for his presidency and for our country .
KING : Read from this , a selection here about that night .
BUSH : " So he had said , ' You know , we 're going to sleep upstairs in the bedroom , but if you need to , come get us . '
So , that night , I could hear somebody after we went to sleep , I woke up and I heard a man screaming as he ran , ' Mr. President , Mr. President , you 've got to get up .
The White House is under attack . '
We jumped up out of the bed again , and I grab my robe and stuck my feet in my slippers , but I did n't stop to put on my contacts .
George grabbed Barney , I grabbed Kitty .
And with Spot trailing behind , we started walking down to the PEOC .
George had wanted to take the elevator , but the agents did n't think it was safe .
So , we had to descend flight after flight of stairs to the state floor , then the ground floor and below .
While I held George 's hand because I could n't see anything , my heart was pounding and all I could do is count stairwell landings , trying to count off in my mind how many more floors we had to go .
When we reached the PEOC , I saw the outline of a military sergeant unfolding the ancient hideaway bed and putting on some sheets .
At that moment , another agent ran up to us and said , ' Mr. President , it 's one of ours .
It 's one of our own . ' "
KING : You were n't being attacked .
BUSH : That 's right .
It was the plane , the military CAP that flew over Washington for a long time after that , after September 11th .
KING : In those days no fly anywhere , no .
BUSH : Yes .
KING : Iraq , the war , criticism over her husband must have been tough for Laura to hear .
It 's all ahead .
Stay with us .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : We 're back with Laura Bush , the former First Lady .
The book is " Spoken From the Heart . "
Before we talk about Iraq , do you like being a baseball wife 's owner ?
BUSH : I did love it .
KING : The wife of an owner .
BUSH : That 's right .
I loved those years .
That was really fun when we owned the Texas Rangers and went to probably 50 baseball games a summer in Dallas .
I loved that .
Barbara and Jenna were just in elementary school , and it was really fun .
Baseball is a family business .
So is politics , actually .
The whole family is involved .
KING : Good comparison .
Does he watch them now , the Rangers ?
BUSH : He watches the Rangers now , of course , every single night .
KING : I bet .
The decision to hit Iraq , did he every waiver ?
You were with him through all of it .
Did he ever have doubts ?
BUSH : I 'm sure he had doubts .
He did n't discuss those sort of things with me really .
KING : He did n't ?
BUSH : I saw him walk on the lawn every night with Spot .
And I knew he was just worried , and did n't know , you know , if he was making the right decision .
But all of the intelligence that everyone had , that everyone said -- and you know , Saddam Hussein had defied 17 U.N. Security Council Resolutions .
So --
KING : It 's hard certainly for a president to send someone to die .
What is it like for a First Lady ?
BUSH : It 's hard .
It really is .
I mean , it 's a constant worry .
We are always worried about our troops .
Every day we worried about them .
And a lot of times at night -- and I write this in the book -- I would get in bed and I would be in my comfortable bed , with wonderful covers , and I 'd feel guilty thinking about our troops who were sleeping on the sand in Afghanistan or Iraq .
Nearly every night I would think that .
And then one time I was with some troops at Ft. Bragg , and we were having lunch .
And I said that .
I told them that at night I worry about them and felt guilty when I got in bed .
And they said oh , Ms. Bush , we 're where we want to be .
This is where we want to be .
KING : Did you talk to family members of people who lost their lives ?
BUSH : Sure .
KING : Was n't that hard to do ?
BUSH : Very hard to do .
We met with family members all the time , especially during the 2004 campaign , when we were campaigning and traveling all over the united states .
when we were , you know , in any state for a political event , we would meet with the family members , the local families who had lost someone .
KING : you avoided the press a lot when you met with --
BUSH : Well , we did n't do that for the press .
That 's a private thing .
You know , you would n't do that for the press .
KING : what were the days like when all the criticism was starting to happen to your husband , for you ?
What was it like for you ?
BUSH : Tough , you know .
I hated the criticism of him .
Any wife would .
Anyone would hate that .
But also , it was something I knew , and I knew to expect it .
That was one of the reasons I had had a hesitation about even running when George decided to run , when we lived at the Texas governor 's mansion , because we had seen someone in that job that we love very much , and we had seen the way he was criticized and characterized in a way that he was n't at all .
And I knew that that 's the risk you run .
And that 's just what happens in American politics .
And that 's actually one of the great things about American politics .
That is what happens , and people are free to criticize the president .
KING : But in your book , you show some anger toward Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid .
BUSH : I did n't like , you know , what was really ended up being personal comments about George .
And I do n't appreciate that .
And I think it demeans the office that they 're in .
KING : They were personal --
BUSH : To make those sort of comments about the president of the United States .
I do n't think it 's constructive .
I know that there are other speakers and other leaders who have been of different parties with the president who can have a collegial relationship .
And I think George would never do that .
He would never call people names , the speaker or the leader names .
He knows that he has more of a responsibility .
KING : How did he take the criticism ?
BUSH : He shrugged it off .
He could n't -- you know , he could n't make decision based on popularity .
No one would want the president to just make decisions that were popular .
And he could n't abandon Iraq .
He could n't just withdraw from Iraq and abandon Iraq to terrorists .
KING : Did he ever lose sleep ?
BUSH : Not really .
I mean , you know , he worried .
Did he worry , sure .
Absolutely .
We all worried every day .
We worried about the safety of our country .
We wanted -- we did n't -- we wanted to do everything we could so we would n't have another terrorist attack .
You know , there is just a big burden of worry when you live there .
KING : Gay marriage , abortion , poison , talk about that ahead .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : Before we get to some major social issues , what was that poison story in Germany ?
BUSH : We were in Helvendime ( ph ) , Germany for the G - 8 , and I got sick .
I was the first one sick .
And then George got sick .
And what we got was a sort of vertigo .
But I felt --
KING : Same dinner ?
BUSH : Well , we did n't really get sick at a dinner .
I got sick one day , and the next morning George woke up and felt sick .
So the Secret Service , with an abundance of caution , and the people that were there , other security people , started to look at all the food , including the European press was very fascinated with it .
What happened , what we decided -- what the doctors decided was that we had all gotten a virus that attacks a nerve very close to the inner ear .
So you had the symptoms of vertigo and nausea and other symptoms you would have if you had an inner ear poison .
KING : You were not poisoned .
BUSH : We were not poisoned .
You 'll be glad to know we were n't .
But anyway , there was high speculation because there had just been those high - profile poisonings in Europe .
KING : Vertigo could drive you nuts .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : Lose your balance .
Gay marriage , you tell us in the book that during the 2004 campaign you talked to George about not making it a significant issue .
Do you think we should have it ?
BUSH : Well , I think we ought to definitely look at it and debate it .
I think there are a lot of people who have trouble coming to terms with that because they see marriage as traditionally between a man and a woman .
But I also know that , you know , when couples are committed to each other and love each other , that they ought to have I think the same sort of rights that everyone has .
KING : So would that be an area where you disagreed ?
BUSH : I guess that would be an area that we disagree .
I mean , I understand totally what George thinks and what other people think about marriage being between a man and a woman .
And it 's a real , you know , reversal really for that to accept gay marriage .
KING : But you do ?
BUSH : But I think we could , yeah .
I think it 's also a generational thing .
KING : You think it 's coming ?
BUSH : Yeah , that will come , I think .
KING : How about choice ?
BUSH : That was the -- I write in the book about the very first question I got on the morning of George 's inauguration , from Katie Couric , who asked me two questions about abortion .
That was the social issue in 2000 that everyone got asked about .
And then I think gay marriage was the social issue in 2004 .
And I was say probably in the more recent election as well .
She asked me if -- she asked two questions about abortion , and then she asked me if I was for the overturn of Roe versus Wade .
And sort of everything went through my mind .
This was the very morning my husband was about to be inaugurated .
And I thought , do I really want to start my husband 's presidency , you know , suggesting that a Supreme Court rule being overturned .
And I said no .
And I think it 's important that it remain legal , because I think it 's important for people , for medical reasons and other reasons .
KING : So you -- that would be two areas of disagreement .
BUSH : Uh-huh .
KING : But you were n't so expressive during the White House day .
BUSH : About those issues , you mean ?
KING : Yeah .
BUSH : No , not really .
I talked about those issues .
I was asked about those issues a lot .
Not so much about abortion , but in the 2004 election , a lot about gay marriage .
That was the social issue that really animated that election , I think .
KING : When you discuss it with your husband , is it argumentative ?
BUSH : No .
Not at all .
I mean --
KING : He understands ?
BUSH : Yeah , and I understand his viewpoint .
I really do .
I understand his viewpoint .
And he understands mine .
KING : What are the days like for Laura and George now , out there in Texas on the ranch .
BUSH : Lying in hammock .
KING : Life water the White House , baseball on the radio .
Do n't go away .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
( NEWS BREAK )
KING : We 're back with Laura Bush .
We have a Tweet question .
You Twitter too , right ?
You 're LauraWBush on Twitter .
BUSH : That 's right .
KING : OK , our Tweet question : did it ever get lonely being First Lady ?
BUSH : I guess there were some lonely moments , especially late in the afternoon when I did n't have any errands to run , any dinners to cook , when everything was done for me , that I would be waiting for George to come home from the Oval Office .
But we are very fortunate to have lots of friends , and family .
We had Marvin Bush and his wife Margaret lived close to us , and Daro , George 's sister and her husband , Bobby , lived very close to us .
So we saw them a lot .
And then lots of our -- we have the same friends from having grown up in Midland , and then from all our years of marriage .
KING : You have high school friends ?
BUSH : High school friends .
KING : What do you miss the most about it ?
The trappings ?
BUSH : I 've been laughing and saying the chef .
KING : Ah .
BUSH : But I miss -- you know , I miss the beautiful house .
I miss the people that work there , the butlers and the ushers , and everyone that you really do get to know very well .
But also , eight years is a long time to live in that beautiful house .
And I 'm in Dallas .
KING :
By the way , it 's time for another one of our top Larry King moments .
Tonight 's pick involves presidential appearances .
Every United States president since Nixon has been on our show .
Take a look back .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
KING : I like doing presidents because you can't get any higher than that .
BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : Anybody who considers the job of the presidency and does n't think it 's a little daunting probably has n't been paying attention .
KING : So smart .
He 's really smart .
The book is still out , but I like him .
Ford , regular guy , chip off the old block .
GERALD FORD , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : I was saddened because a friend was taking a very dramatic step , but the facts were there and he had no choice .
KING : Is it hard to drive by the Watergate ?
RICHARD NIXON , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
Well , I 've never been in the Watergate .
So it 's not a hard --
KING : Never been in ?
NIXON : Other people were in there , unfortunately .
BUSH : Nixon , brilliant , pondering , great interview .
He can tell you about everything and sum it up right in front of you .
Carter , bright , inward , intellectual .
JIMMY CARTER , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : I do n't have any doubt that God answers all the prayers .
Sometimes the answer is yes and sometimes the answer is no .
And sometimes the answer is , you got to be kidding .
KING : Things do n't look great sometimes .
People are kind of down .
Does it ever get to you to say , maybe I was wrong .
GEORGE W. BUSH , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
The decision to remove Saddam Hussein was the right decision .
I 'm absolutely convinced it was .
KING : George Bush , great to talk to when you get light with him , baseball , stuff like that , loose .
George bush the first , one of the regular guys of all time .
Being a former president , seeing your name on buildings , what do you think ?
GEORGE H.W. BUSH , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
When I see these things , it 's great .
BUSH : You landed at George Bush .
G H.W. BUSH : I hear the pilot say , George Bush , and we know that .
RONALD REAGAN , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
You can't be an actor without liking people .
They 're your stock and trade .
You are out to please them .
KING : Hale Hardy ( ph ) , a great storyteller .
Clinton , responsive , persuasive , sharp , bright .
What was it , some sort of inner thing in you , get up off the floor , the comeback kid approach ?
BILL CLINTON , FMR .
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
All my life , I was raised to believe that you should never give in , never give up .
When somebody hits you and knocks you down , you are supposed to get up , not give up .
KING : Ca n't top that .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : We need you to help us choose the top five moments in my 25 years here at CNN .
We 'll count them down beginning May 31st , our silver anniversary week .
Go to CNN.com / LarryKing , and make your pick .
And while you 're at it , register to win a trip to Los Angeles , meet me , see the show live .
We 'll have dinner together .
Our remaining moments with Laura Bush after this .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : Laura Bush , " Spoken From the Heart . "
One week from tonight , Mick Jagger .
You a Stones ' fan ?
BUSH : I am .
KING : You like the Stones ?
What do you think of Mick ?
BUSH : I do n't know Mick , but I like the Stones .
KING : You 're into that music .
So there 's a little youthfulness going on here .
BUSH : I would n't say it 's that youthful .
It was popular in my youth .
KING : How do you account for their popularity ?
BUSH : I think they just have a sound people like , and charisma that appeals to people .
KING : We have a funny item from the book .
The royal family is not without its quirks .
" When Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , came to visit us , they requested glasses of ice before we began a long receiving line .
The staff dutifully produced them and the prince removed a flask from his pocket and added to each a small splash of what I presume was straight gin , so that they might be fortified before the hour or more of shaking hands . "
BUSH : I just presumed it was straight gin .
I do n't know what it was .
KING : It was n't water .
What 's next ?
I understand you 're working with your husband on the institute , the George W. Bush Institute ?
BUSH : That 's right .
It 's going to be part of the Bush Library .
It will be at SMU .
We already started the institute programming .
I hosted in March the US / Afghan Women 's Council , because I want to continue working to support Afghan women , and to make your that the Taliban does n't reverse their progress that they 've been able to make so far .
This was a conference I hosted that focused on literacy for girls and women in Afghanistan .
KING : The library will be --
BUSH : At SMU .
KING : Your alma mater ?
BUSH : That 's my alma mater .
Right there in Dallas .
Central Express Way and Mocking Bird , I think it 's going to be great .
KING : How is it progressing ?
BUSH : Very well .
We should break ground in November .
The architect is working on construction plans right now .
They 're due in October .
We 're excited .
We 've already started a lot of the programming that has to do with the institute .
We hosted a couple weeks ago a cyber dissidents conference , for people -- dissidents around the world , the ways they can use the Internet to get above their tyrannical government .
We had people there from Iran and China and Russia and Cuba and Venezuela .
It 's a way for George and I to continue to work on policy without being involved in politics .
And , as you 've noticed , George is not making political comments .
KING : He 's writing his book ?
BUSH : He 's writing his book .
KING : Have you spoken to the current First Lady ?
BUSH : I have , just when gave her the tour and we saw each other at Ted Kennedy 's funeral .
But , no , not really .
KING : What do you make of the president so far ?
BUSH : I 'm watching with great interest .
I know what that job is like .
I know how demanding it is .
What comes on the desk of the president , which is every single problem in the world .
But I 'm enjoying my private life at home .
KING : Formers , though , tend to sympathize with their predecessors .
BUSH : That 's right .
It 's sort of like a club .
You know what it 's like .
There 's a way to have empathy .
KING : There ai n't many in it .
BUSH : Thank you so much .
Appreciate it .
Thanks a lot , Larry .
KING : Laura Bush , " Spoken From the Heart . "
One week from tonight , she 's a fan , Mick Jagger is here .
Right now , time for Anderson Cooper and " AC 360 . "
Anderson ?
" I absolutely have nothing but good things to say about this case I use for my iPad Air .
It 's rugged , but has style . "
Article content
Isabelle , a helpful , happy - looking Summit worker with bright red lipstick , described it as the “ big attraction . ”
People keep on asking her about it .
Everybody wants to see it .
“ Our bosses went to go see it , ” said an RCMP officer sitting nearby .
Said another : “ I wonder if they ’ll import any mosquitoes ? ”
And a third : “ What a waste of money . ”
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or G20 : Spying on the fake lake Back to video
People are anxious to eyeball the famous fake lake , a $ 1.9 - million tax - payer - funded indoor homage to cottage country that has been erected in the heart of the big city , in the International Media Centre at the Direct Energy Centre in downtown Toronto .
Sadly , the lake is officially off limits to curious journalists until Thursday .
Unofficially , three enterprising muckrakers from the National Post decided to investigate on Tuesday morning .
The cloak and dagger operation involved walking through an open door , down a hall and through another open door , while bypassing a bevy of security personnel conducting mock bag searches and practicing on one another with security wands .
So we 've been hearing rumors about the Dell Streak being some kind of a rugged bad boy .
Word is , the Gorilla Glass display on this 5 - inch slate is good enough to withstand pretty much anything a human would care to throw its way .
Them 's fighting words where we come from , so we did the only thing a responsible tech blog can do -- we put them to the test .
Should you be brave enough to follow us after the break , you 'll come upon our best efforts to destroy our own Streak prototype , albeit with little success .
Then again , the end result might be less important than the journey there , which is not to be missed .
[ / caption ]
Is this Atlantis ’ last mission to space ?
STS - 132 is the last scheduled flight for space shuttle Atlantis , and it remains to be seen whether any additional shuttle flights will be added .
But the imagery from this mission is incredibly rich with wonderful images of the orbiter .
So , while previous shuttle mission galleries we have here on Universe Today normally feature images from the EVAs , this gallery will mainly showcase images of Atlantis .
And there are some really great photos — not sure whether the astronauts / photographers are consciously focusing on the shuttle or these images are just marvelously serendipitous .
We ’ll do a second gallery as more images come in from the later part of the mission .
Enjoy !
Atlantis is backdropped by Earth as the shuttle approaches the International Space Station during STS - 132 rendezvous and docking operations .
Docking occurred at 9:28 a.m. ( CDT ) on May 16 , 2010 .
Just a very neat image of Atlantis , as seen from the ISS , backdropped by a cloudy area on Earth .
Amazing shot of the Russian Segment behind Atlantis ’s tail on FD 4 prior to docking .
Anchored to a Canadarm2 mobile foot restraint , NASA astronaut Garrett Reisman works during the STS - 132 mission ’s first EVA .
Dextre , a two - armed extension for the station ’s robotic arm is also visible .
This image might win the award for most futuristic looking image of the mission , and some have compared it to a scene from the movie “ 2001 ” — um , wait , is that considered a history movie now ?
In the grasp of the Canadarm2 , the Russian - built Mini-Research Module 1 ( MRM - 1 ) is transferred from space shuttle Atlantis ’ payload bay to be permanently attached to the Earth - facing port of the Zarya Functional Cargo Block ( FGB ) of the International Space Station .
Obligatory image of a waving astronaut during an EVA .
But it never gets old , so keep it up , guys !
Sarah Palin 's strange , unprofessional and paranoid grudge
Sarah Palin took to her Facebook account today to inform her readers that Joe McGinniss , an award - winning reporter and author , had rented the house next door .
I saw Ben Smith flag this earlier today but did not really appreciate how strange and , frankly , immature Palin 's post was until I read it .
Palin informs her readers that McGinniss is " overlooking my children ’s play area " and " overlooking Piper ’s bedroom . "
Alternately sounding angry and mocking , she refers to " the family ’s swimming hole , " which at first reference sounds like she 's accusing McGinniss of checking out the Palins in their bathing suits , until you realize the family 's " swimming hole " is Lake Lucille .
And she posts a photo of the space McGinniss is renting , captioning it , " Can I call you Joe ? "
Can somebody explain to me how this is n't a despicable thing for Palin to do ?
She describes McGinniss as the author of " the bizarre anti-Palin administration oil development pieces that resulted in my Department of Natural Resources announcing that his work is the most twisted energy - related yellow journalism they ’d ever encountered . "
Another way of putting it would be that McGinniss is an investigative journalist who wrote his first best - seller at age 26 and was shopping a book about Alaska and the oil industry when Palin was named John McCain 's running mate .
And another way of describing those " bizarre " pieces is that no one has ever challenged the facts in them .
Palin , who has an undergraduate degree in journalism , should understand that articles do n't become untrue when the subjects do n't agree with them .
Has McGinniss gone to an extreme to get a story ?
Well , we do n't have his side yet -- not that this has prevented every other media outlet from typing up Palin 's Facebook post like some lost Gospel .
But assuming he 's rented the house near the Palins for some period of time , assuming the Palins know he 's there and that he 's writing a book , then what , exactly , is wrong with this ?
Politicians do n't have veto power over who gets to write about them , or how they research their stories , as long as they 're within the bounds of the law .
It 's incredibly irresponsible for them to sic their fans on journalists they do n't like .
And that 's what Palin is doing here -- she has already inspired Glenn Beck to accuse McGinniss of " stalking " Palin and issuing a threat to boycott his publisher .
This is really the ultimate example of the way Palin manipulates the press and inverts the relationship between reporters and politicians , turning the former into " stalkers , " and the latter -- as long as they 're Republicans or members of her family -- into saints whom no one can criticize .
No one in the media should reward Palin for this irresponsible and pathetic bullying .
Do n’t mess with Allah .
That ’s the new , unwritten code in Hollywood following the one - two punch of Islamic extremists ’ threats against the creators of “ South Park ” and the failed bombing attempt outside the cartoon ’s parent company , Viacom , in New York ’s Times Square , FOXNews.com reported Friday .
In the current , supercharged climate , it just is n’t worth endangering the safety of an entire production staff or network by pursuing a storyline that Muslim extremists might find offensive , media executives and writers told Fox .
Aasif Mandvi , a self - described “ liberal Muslim ” and the “ senior Islamic correspondent ” for Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , said on air after the “ South Park ” threats that it would upset him to see the Prophet Muhammad depicted in a cartoon .
But , he added : “ Here ’s what ’s more upsetting .
Someone , in the name of a faith that I believe in , threatening another person for doing it . ”
But after the failed Times Square terror attack , “ The Daily Show ” asked Mandvi not to comment further on the matter , according to his spokesman .
In fact , reps for the networks and television shows reached for comment on this article , including Comedy Central , Cartoon Network , FOX , NBC , and CBS , either failed to respond or asked to speak on background for fear of retribution .
And it is n’t just comedians on fake newscasts who are being muzzled .
One writer for a scripted drama told Fox that in one of his show ’s final episodes , there had been a minor plot point involving a Muslim extremist .
Last week it was removed and the script was rewritten , he said .
The subject has gotten so sensitive , media pros are even chilling the conversation in forums where no one is watching .
But religion in general has n’t become taboo — just Islam .
The Cartoon Network squeaked under the radar in March when it showed a racy depiction of Jesus voiced by jailed rapper Lil’ Wayne .
And Comedy Central is developing “ JC , ” a half - hour cartoon about Christ wanting to escape the shadow of his “ powerful but apathetic father ” and live a regular life in New York City .
*
When Capote threw a party at the Plaza for the release of his epic “ In Cold Blood ” , the biggest stars came calling .
But little did they know that it would be Capote ’s coup de grace , as he masked the world ’s most important faces , in a calculated move that controlled the elites of politics , power and prestige .
It was the night Capote made 500 friends , and 15,000 enemies .
__________________________________________________________________
*
Arguably , one can say that “ Breakfast at Tiffany ’s ” catapulted Truman Capote ’s stardom to a level that very few writers ever reach .
It was a work so special , with a style of prose so signature , it would stir literary heavyweight Norman Mailer to openly praise Capote as “ the most perfect writer of my generation . ”
Capote himself would later say that Breakfast at Tiffany ’s was the turning point in his career .
Still Capote knew he could go further , professing – “ But I ’m nowhere near reaching what I want to do , where I want to go .
Presumably this new book is as close as I ’m going to get , at least strategically . ”
This “ new book ” Capote was referring to was “ In Cold Blood ” , and it would do more than enough to get him where he wanted to go .
Upon its release in 1965 , “ In Cold Blood ” created a wave of acclaim and controversy that would carry Capote for years to come , and make him one of America ’s most talked about writers ever .
And a work of art this important deserved a grand celebration that was equally epic .
So in 1966 , Capote decided to host a party that would be his “ great , big , all - time spectacular present ” to himself .
Some might even say that the 1966 Masked Black and White Ball was truly one of his greatest works ever .
*
Truman Capote arrives at the Plaza Hotel holding hands with Mrs. Katherine Graham , the guest of honor .
Mrs. Graham was the president of the Washington Post and Newsweek Magazine . — Image by © Bettmann / CORBIS
*
No stranger to celebrity , Capote was already a fixture in New York City ’s elite social circles , and knew very well how to play the game .
A masterful manipulator of self - promotion , he knew that this was much more than just a celebration — it had the potential to be a major publicity opportunity for “ In Cold Blood ” , and the ultimate act of self - aggrandizement .
The task before Capote now was no easy one .
How could he devise the perfect , titillating , gimmick for the party he planned to hold for himself ?
One that would create a spectacle like none ever seen before , that would hold both the media and fans breathless ?
Well , the answer was pure genius .
*
Candice Bergen holding her white bunny mask at Truman Capote ’s epic 1966 Black and White Ball . — Image by © Elliott Erwitt
*
Capote decided to make it the most posh event , not just of the year , but also of the decade , and maybe even the century .
He held it at New York City ’s Plaza Hotel — which In Capote ’s mind was the only decent ballroom left in the city .
Attendance would be limited to 540 , so it quickly became the most coveted invitation on every major celebrity ’s wish list .
Capote knew he was in control , and would often taunt the potential guests with , “ Well maybe you ’ll be invited , and maybe you wo n’t . ”
This was not just an invitation to a party .
It was the ultimate social validation .
This was Capote ’s statement to the world that the 540 guests hand - selected by him were the cream of the crop , and many felt he had the power to make or break them .
Soon the begging , bribes , and threats began , as those unwilling to chance that they may not make the final cut , pulled out all the stops .
The hounding got so bad , Capote even had to leave town for a while .
The final guest list ended up as a surprisingly eclectic mix of New York socialites , Hollywood idols , artists , authors and writers , political powerhouses , and even Capote ’s own doorman , and elevator operator .
*
Adding to the glitter and dazzle at author Truman Capote ’s masked party are Mr. and Mrs. Henry Ford II ( left ) , and Princess Lee Radziwill accompanied by her husband Prince Stanislaus Radziwill ( right ) . — Image by © Bettmann / CORBIS
*
On that magical eve , it was said of the arriving guests in The New York Times that , “ They rolled off the assembly line like dolls , newly painted and freshly coiffed , packaged in silk , satin and jewels and addressed to Truman Capote , the Plaza Hotel . ”
The media presence that greeted them upon arrival was unbelievable , as a wall of flashbulbs and reporters not typically encountered at private parties met the surprised guests .
There was also a large crowd of gawkers and critics who were quick to cheer and even throw - out spirited remarks and nasty comments at certain celebs .
The masks were Capote ’s way of stripping his guests of their celebrity power , in sort of an insolent way .
Maybe he was trying to level the playing field , but in the end , they all found their familiar cliques once inside and huddled together like high school girls .
*
Princess Lee Radizwell , sister of Mrs. John F. Kennedy , wife of the late President , adjusts her mask after arrival at a masked ball thrown by best - selling author Truman Capote .
The rich , celebrated , beautiful and social of two continents were invited to the socially historic ball .
— Image by © Bettmann / CORBIS
*
The women did n’t seem to mind wearing their masks , and embraced the glamour and mystery of the evening ’s events .
The men on the other hand , were less than compliant , some were downright irritated , as many took them off at the first chance they had .
All except Andy Warhol , a Capote chum , who somehow got by with not wearing one at all .
*
Author Norman Mailer and masked companion at Truman Capote ’s Black and White Ball at New York ’s swanky Plaza Hotel – one of the most extravagant and elegant New York ’s social circles had seen in a long while .
— Image by © Bettmann / CORBIS
*
Norman Mailer , the literary rebel of his time was there , in his battered raincoat , as he artfully dodged reporters ribbing him with comments about “ In Cold Blood ” outselling his own works .
To which he simply responded , “ It just shows that I ’m no longer the biggest thief in America . ”
Later he had a heated exchange with George Bundy over the Vietnam War .
All in all , It was Mailer as usual .
Frank Sinatra may have been the one personality there that evening that was too big for Truman Capote ’s charades to contain .
Sinatra seemed less than willing to play along , quipping to the Washington Post columnist Suzy Knickerbocker , “ I do n’t know how anyone can recognize Mia with her mask on . ”
Suzy tried to soothe Frank by replying , “ I think it has something to do with her haircut , Frank , honestly I do , ” referring to Mia Farrow ’s short hairdo from filming Rosemary ’s Baby .
*
Reporters swarm Frank Sinatra and his wife , actress Mia Farrow , as they arrive at Truman Capote ’s Black and White Ball . — Image by © Bettmann / CORBIS
*
Frank Sinatra immediately took control of the joint upon entering , saying to his group , “ I ’ll get the table for us ’ cause I know all the waiters , ” and was granted one of the best tables in the ballroom right next to the stage .
Mia spent much of the night dancing , while her hubby worked the room and boozed .
The wait staff made sure that a bottle of Wild Turkey , Frank ’s favorite drink , was never out of arm ’s reach .
It would end up being Sinatra who ’d have the last word .
As the story goes , around 2:45 am he effectively shut down Capote ’s Black and White Ball by announcing to his cronies that it was time to move on .
Capote begged Sinatra to stay longer , knowing that his departure would lead to the place clearing out .
But Frank already had his mind set on an after - party at his favorite bar , Jilly ’s .
There was no changing his mind .
By 3 am the festivities were well winding down , and the ball slowly came to an end as people lingered and chatted , while others like Gianni Agnelli and friends made off to continue the evening elsewhere .
*
Since masks were the order of the night at author Truman Capote ’s Black and White Dance , this gentleman ( and iconic decorator ) , Billy Baldwin , went all out and came dressed in what was probably the weirdest mask at the party–one which looks like a cross between the mythical unicorn and a fox .
— Image by © Bettmann / CORBIS
*
The reviews are mixed as to whether or not Truman Capote ’s 1966 Black and White ball actually lived up to all it ’s hype .
One thing is for sure , never since has there been a party as anticipated or talked about , with the anything close to the star power of that evening .
Truman humbly commented to reporters at the end of the evening , “ It was just what it set out to be .
I just wanted to give a party for my friends . ”
Not too bad for a poor little boy from Alabama , if you asked me .
Especially since no one ’s ever done better .
*
The chosen few : a selection from Capote ’s guest list
Mr and Mrs Gianni Agnelli , Count Umberto Agnelli , Edward Albee , Mrs W Vincent Astor , Mr and Mrs Richard Avedon , James Baldwin , Miss Tallulah Bankhead , Cecil Beaton , Mr and Mrs Harry Belafonte , Marisa Berenson , Candice Bergen , Mr and Mrs Irving Berlin , Sir Isaiah and Lady Berlin , Mr and Mrs Leonard Bernstein , Mr and Mrs Benjamin Bradlee , Mr and Mrs William Buckley , Mr and Mrs Richard Burton , Prince Carlo Caracciolo , Lord Chalfont , Dr and Mrs John Converse , Noël Coward , Mr and Mrs Walter Cronkite , Mr and Mrs Sammy Davis Jr , Oscar de la Renta , Marlene Dietrich , Elliott Erwitt , Douglas Fairbanks Jr , Mrs Marshall Field , Mr and Mrs Henry Fonda , Joan Fontaine , Mr and Mrs Henry Ford 2nd , Mr and Mrs John Kenneth Galbraith , Greta Garbo , Ambassador and Mrs Arthur J Goldberg , Mr and Mrs Samuel Goldwyn , Henry Golightly , Hamish Hamilton , Ambassador and Mrs W Averell Harriman , Mr and Mrs William Randolph Hearst Jr , Mr and Mrs Henry J Heinz 2nd , Miss Lillian Hellman , Elizabeth Hilton , Horst P Horst , Christopher Isherwood , Maharajah and Maharani of Jaipur , Senator and Mrs Jacob K Javits , Lynda Bird Johnson , Philip Johnson , Senator and Mrs Edward M Kennedy , Mrs John F Kennedy , Mrs Joseph P Kennedy , Senator and Mrs Robert F Kennedy , Alfred Knopf , Mr and Mrs Joseph Kraft , Mrs Patricia Lawford , Mr and Mrs Irving Lazar , Harper Lee , Vivien Leigh , Mr and Mrs Jack Lemmon , Mr and Mrs Alan Jay Lerner , Mr and Mrs Alexander Lieberman , Mr and Mrs Robert Lowell , Mr and Mrs Henry Luce , Shirley MacLaine , Mr and Mrs Norman Mailer , Mr and Mrs Joseph Mankiewicz , Mr and Mrs Walter Matthau , Mr and Mrs Robert McNamara , Mr and Mrs Paul Mellon , Mr and Mrs James Michener , Mr and Mrs Arthur Miller , Mr and Mrs Vincent Minnelli , Mr and Mrs Samuel I Newhouse Sr , Mrs Stavros Niarchos , Mike Nichols , Lord and Lady David Ogilvy , Mr and Mrs Gregory Peck , George Plimpton , Prince and Princess Stanislas Radziwill , Mr and Mrs Jason Robards Jr , Governor and Mrs Nelson A Rockefeller , Philip Roth , Baroness Cecile de Rothschild , Baron and Baroness Guy de Rothschild , Theodore Rousseau , Mr and Mrs Arthur Schlesinger Jr , Mrs David O Selznick , Mr and Mrs Irwin Shaw , Mr and Mrs Frank Sinatra , Steve Sondheim , Sam Spiegel , Mr and Mrs John Steinbeck , Gloria Steinem , Mr and Mrs William Styron , Mr and Mrs Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , Ambassador and Mrs Llewellyn E Thompson , Penelope Tree , Mr and Mrs Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt , Mrs T Reed Vreeland , William Walton , Mr and Mrs Edward Warburg , Andy Warhol , Mr and Mrs Robert Penn Warren , Mr and Mrs John Hay Whitney , Mr and Mrs Billy Wilder , Tenessee Williams , Mr and Mrs Edmund Wilson , Duke and Duchess of Windsor , Darryl Zanuck
*
[ PT ] tipped us off about a new way to screen bots from automatically leaving comments .
Resisty is like CAPTCHA but it requires you to decipher color bands on a resistor instead of mangled text .
This wo n’t do much for the cause of digitizing books , but if you can never remember your color codes this is a good way to practice .
Resisty comes as a plug - in for WordPress , add it to your blog and for a geek cred +1 .
It has been confirmed that former Kinks bassist Peter Quaife has died .
BBC news reports that it is not clear how the star died , but that he has been undergoing kidney dialysis for the past 10 years .
Quaife , who was a co-founder of the group , played on many of the band ’s earlier hits , including ' You Really Got Me ' and ' Dedicated Follower of Fashion ' .
He left the group in 1969 after five years together .
Several months after quitting the band he formed his own group called Mapleoak .
However they failed to match the success of the Kinks .
A much talked about reunion had been speculated for band in recent months , who reformed for a one off concert in Canada in 1981 .
As archaeologists dug up the ancient corpse , something looked a little off .
For one , it did n't have a head .
Second , one of the skeleton's arms looked like it supported a lot more muscle than the other .
Third , it seemed a lion had chewed on it .
Meet a dead Roman gladiator .
Archaeologists uncovered around eighty such skeletons in York , England over the past seven years .
Though they admit that the 1,600 - to 1,800 - year - old corpses might have had other origins , the researchers say all signs point to the ancient circus .
A decapitated corpse suggests that individual got a thumbs down from the jeering crowds , the mismatched arms signify much swordplay , and the bite marks imply that a lion , tiger , or bear had taken a taste in battle .
Michael Wysocki , who examined the remains in the forensic anthropology laboratory at the University of Central Lancashire , discussed those tell - tale bite marks with CNN :
" Nothing like them has ever been identified before on a Roman skeleton ....
It would seem highly unlikely that this individual was attacked by a tiger as he was walking home from the pub in York 2,000 years ago , " he said .
One other clue comes from the fact that the skeletons , despite their violent lives and deaths , had what appears a ceremonial burial , resting in their graves with some great ancient goodies ( i.e. horse bones and cow remains , the believed leftovers from a feast ) .
Still , archeologists speculate that none of these fighters were the stars of their day , and that many bit the dust after only one or two battles .
" You 're seeing the losers instead of the Russel Crowes , " archeologist Kurt Hunter - Mann said in a CNN video .
Related content : Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : Blue is for losers DISCOVER : Dressed to Kill DISCOVER : Gladiators Get a Thumbs Up DISCOVER : Thumb and Thumber
Image : flickr / storem
The idea that property needs a “ right ” to excuse it is confused and harmful .
E conomists who own their home or have other assets will regard them as their “ property ” .
When speaking in their professional capacity , however , they change their vocabulary and will invoke “ property rights ” .
Do these terms mean the same thing ?— and does it matter which term is used ?
This essay argues that “ property ” and “ property rights ” mean different things and muddling them up presents an albeit insidious , but quite serious threat to the kind of social order where economic efficiency and individual freedom have the best chance to survive .
“ A Bundle of Right ” ?
Ironically , the author who has done the most to impose the term “ property rights ” on scholarly usage was Armen Alchian , an economist sss of irreproachable credentials both as a fine theorist and a defender of the free society .
In a seminal essay that has become a foundation stone of “ property rights economics ” , he explained that when you owned , say , a piece of land , what you had was the right to leave it fallow , to plough it , to grow wheat on it for your own use or for sale , to walk across it , to fly over it , to build a house on it , to grant an easement on it , to lease it to another party , to bequeath or to sell it .
Property was such a “ bundle of rights ” .
It is tempting to hold that if you removed one stick from the bundle , it remained a bundle , if you removed two , it still remained a bundle ;
How many sticks can one remove without the remainder ceasing to represent property , and are some sticks more essential than others ?
This concept of property opens the door to a kind of gradualist argument .
If “ society ” or the government purportedly acting on its behalf removes from the bundle a stick here and a stick there , if it forbids the owner to build on his land , or subjects the growing of some crop to an acreage quota , imposes an easement or a public pre-emption privilege , the “ bundle ” that is left is still property of a sort .
How many rights may the government remove from it for the bundle still to pass for property and the government to pass for its protector ?
Freedoms and Rights Differ Fundamentally
The “ bundle of rights ” concept gives rise to a dangerously weak theory of property .
To find the root cause of the weakness , one must go “ back to basics ” and firmly grasp the difference between a freedom and a right .
A freedom is a relation between one person and a set of acts .
The person is presumed to be free to perform any act in the set that does not breach the rules against torts ( offences against person and property ) and ( a less stringent requirement ) the rules of civility .
A substantial obstruction of freedom ( e.g. , gagging or threatening to hit a person to stop him from speaking freely ) is a tort or an incivility .
As such , it is wrong .
To say that a person has a “ right to a freedom ” is tantamount to saying that he has a right not to be wronged — a redundant and silly proposition .
It also implies that he would not have this freedom if he had not somehow obtained a right to it — an implication that is at the source of much false theorizing .
You do not need a right to move if your moves stay within the rules — this indeed is what it means to have rules .
In contrast to a freedom , a right is a relation between two persons , the right - holder and the obligor , and an act the obligor must perform at the rightholder ’s bidding .
A right may be created by contract in which the obligor , in exchange for a consideration , surrenders his freedom to perform ( or forbear from performing ) some set of acts as he pleases , and agrees to perform ( or forbear from performing ) it as required by the rightholder .
Here , both parties enter voluntarily into the right / obligation relation .
However , a right may also be created by some authority , such as the government acting on behalf of “ society ” , conferring it upon rightholders and imposing the corresponding obligation on obligors of its own choosing .
The conferring of welfare rights on some and the imposition of the corresponding taxes on others is a mundane example .
The granting of civil rights to some minority and the imposition of the appropriate conduct on the rest is a perhaps less mundane one .
The notion of “ property rights ” as used in current economic theory , conjures up the fiction that property is conferred by “ society ” upon the proprietors and the corresponding obligation to respect it is imposed by “ society ” on everybody .
( It is worth noting that respect for property is part of the rules against torts .
Violating property is a wrong that must simply not be done ; and this interdiction is enforced by various private or public ways and means of enforcement ranging from reciprocity and retaliation to law courts and a police force .
A separate obligation to respect or protect property , a corollary of the supposed “ right to private property ” , is double - counting .
Like any other double - counting , it obscures the view of what is owned and what is owed . )
Property Rights , True and False
There are , in fact , genuine property rights in the sense of two - person relations involving a right and a matching obligation .
Leases , loan agreements , a shareholder ’s equity in net corporate assets , options and other equity and credit derivatives , insurance policies and , in a broader sense , all outstanding contracts with the exception of contracts of employment , are property rights proper .
When you lease your house , we know where the tenant ’s right ( s ) come from .
They arise from the surrender , for a given period , of your freedom to use your own house and your assumption of an obligation to let the tenant use it subject to certain conditions and in exchange for value received or to be received .
But where does your putative “ right ” to own the house come from ?
The standard answer is that it comes from your purchase agreement with the previous owner , or a bequest or gift he made to you .
The previous owner ’s right to do this , in turn , came from an agreement with , or bequest or gift from , the owner previous to that owner , and so on .
Such a regress , however , can only shift the problem ever further backward and does not resolve it .
The literature offers us two solutions , the Lockean and the socialist .
In the Lockean solution , the chain of legitimate transfers of ownership goes on backwards until it ends with the original owner who took possession .
He had a “ right ” to do so if two notorious provisos were satisfied : he must have “ mixed his labour ” with what he appropriated , and he must have “ left enough and as good ” for those who came after him .
These pious provisos have come in for much and deserved criticism on grounds of their contestable logic , and in this essay I will simply leave the reader to judge the Lockean solution for himself .
The socialist solution is to intimate that property is privately held only by the grace of society that could choose to change its distribution , or take it into public ownership , if it did not create a right to it and if it did not confer this right upon individual proprietors .
The latter hold their property subject to any conditions by which society circumscribes the right to it .
It may withdraw the right altogether if it deems it in the public interest to do so .
Constitutional obstacles to this can always be got round , for society is not going to stop itself from doing what it wishes to do .
In any event , if the right to property is in society ’s gift , it can always take back the right it has conferred and with that extinguish its own obligation to protect it .
The Presumption of Good Title
The contradictions and outlandish fictions of both the Lockean and the socialist solution disappear in thin air the instant we cease to maintain the arbitrary supposition that one needs a right to own valuable resources .
This supposition originates in an atavistic belief that everything should belong to everybody or shared equally , and any departure from this norm requires a justification , an excuse of some kind .
Not everyone believes this , and those who do believe it only in certain contexts .
It is not a universal human trait , but only one of various extravagant ones .
In no way does it place it beyond dispute that owning property is morally reprehensible and unjust unless it can be shown that a right to it exists .
Ownership is a fact of life whose origins are veiled by the mists of pre-history .
By the elementary rules of debate , the burden of proof lies with those who claim that a right is needed to justify it .
This claim must be made good either as regards the institution of ownership in general or , failing that , the ownership of a particular asset by a particular owner .
As to the former , making it good is impossible , for a metaphysical proposition cannot be verified .
As to the latter , the claimant must show that the owner has not got good title to the asset .
It is blatant nonsense to try and switch the burden of proof to the owner , and ask him to prove that his title is good ; for he can never prove the negative assertion that there is no flaw hidden in it somewhere out of sight .
It is he who wants us to believe that there is one , who must spot the hidden flaw .
Putting it concisely , challenges to property require to be verified by the challenger , for they can not be falsified by the defender .
It is this asymmetry that generates the presumption in favour of title ( “ possession is three parts of the law ” ) .
Property being analytically a freedom , it is no surprise to find the same logic yielding the presumption of title that yields the vaster and more inclusive presumption of freedom .
1. Alchian , Armen A. , “ Some Economics of Property Rights , ” Il Politico , Vol. 30 ( 1965 ) , pp. 816-29 .
2 . Cf. Jasay , Anthony de , “ Freedoms , “ Rights ” and Rights , ” Il Politico , Vol. 66 ( 2001 ) , pp. 369-397 .
20th - century Japanese murderer
Sada Abe ( 阿部 定 , Abe Sada , May 28 , 1905 – after 1971 ) was a Japanese geisha and prostitute who murdered her lover , Kichizō Ishida ( 石田 吉蔵 ) , via erotic asphyxiation on May 18 , 1936 , and then cut off his penis and testicles and carried them around with her in her kimono .
The story became a national sensation in Japan , acquiring mythic overtones , and has been interpreted by artists , philosophers , novelists and filmmakers . [ 4 ]
Abe was released after having served five years in prison and went on to write an autobiography .
Family background [ edit ]
Sada
Abe was the seventh of eight children of Shigeyoshi and Katsu Abe , an upper middle - class family of tatami mat makers in Tokyo's Kanda neighborhood .
[ 3 ]
Only four of the Abe children survived to adulthood , and of those , Sada was the youngest .
[ 5 ]
Sada 's father , originally from Chiba Prefecture , [ 3 ] had been adopted into the Abe family to help with the business , which he eventually inherited .
[ 3 ]
Aged 52 at the time of Sada 's birth , Shigeyoshi Abe was described by police as " an honest and upright man " who had neither conspicuous vices nor any brushes with the law , [ 6 ] although some acquaintances reported him to be somewhat self - centered , with a taste for extravagance .
Likewise , Sada 's mother had no known legal or moral blemishes on her record . [ 7 ]
Sada 's brother Shintarō was known as a womanizer , and after his marriage , ran away with his parents ' money . [ 8 ]
Her sister Teruko was also known to have had several lovers .
Sada 's father sent Teruko to work in a brothel , then not an uncommon way to punish female sexual promiscuity in Japan , although he soon bought her back .
Teruko 's past was not considered a hindrance to marriage for those of the Abes ' class at the time , and she soon married . [ 9 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Sada Abe was born in 1905 .
[1 ]
Her mother doted on Sada , who was her youngest surviving child , and allowed her to do as she wished .
[ 9 ]
She encouraged Abe to take lessons in singing and in playing the shamisen , both activities which , at the time , were more closely associated with geishas and prostitutes than with classical artistic endeavor . [ 10 ]
Geishas were considered glamorous celebrities at the time , [ 9 ] and Abe herself pursued this image by skipping school for her musical lessons , and wearing stylish make - up . [ 11 ]
As family problems over her siblings , sister Teruko and brother Shintarō , became more pressing , Abe was often sent out of the house alone .
She soon fell in with a group of similarly independent teenagers . [ 12 ]
At the age of 14 , during one of her outings with this group , she was raped by one of her acquaintances . [ 13 ] [ 14 ]
Her parents initially defended and supported her , but she became a difficult teenager . [ 9 ]
As Abe became more irresponsible and uncontrollable , her parents sold her to a geisha house in Yokohama in 1922 , hoping to find her a place in society with some direction . [ 15 ]
Toku Abe , Sada 's oldest sister , testified that Sada wished to become a geisha .
Sada herself , however , claimed that her father made her a geisha as punishment for her promiscuity . [ 16 ]
Abe 's encounter with the geisha world proved to be a frustrating and disappointing one .
To become a true star among geisha required apprenticeship from childhood with years spent training and studying arts and music .
Abe never progressed beyond a low rank , at which one of her main duties was to provide sex for clients .
She worked for five years in this capacity , and eventually contracted syphilis . [ 9 ]
Since this meant she would be required to undergo regular physical examinations , as would a legally licensed prostitute , Abe decided to enter that better - paying profession . [ 17 ]
Early 1930s [ edit ]
The brothel where Abe was arrested
Abe began work as a prostitute in Osaka 's famous Tobita brothel district , but soon gained a reputation as a trouble - maker .
She stole money from clients , and attempted to leave the brothel several times , but was soon tracked down by the well - organized legal prostitution system . [ 18 ]
After two years ,
Abe eventually succeeded in escaping the licensed prostitution system , and began working as a waitress .
However , not satisfied with the wages , she was soon working as a prostitute again , though now unlicensed , and began working in the unlicensed brothels of Osaka in 1932 .
Abe 's mother died in January 1933 , and Abe traveled to Tokyo to visit her father , and her mother 's grave .
She entered into the prostitution market in Tokyo and while there became a mistress for the first time .
When her father became gravely ill in January 1934 , Abe nursed him for ten days until his death . [ 19 ]
In October 1934 Abe was arrested in a police raid on the unlicensed brothel at which she was working at the time .
Kinnosuke Kasahara , a well - connected friend of the brothel owner , arranged for her release .
Kasahara was attracted to Abe , finding that she had no debts , and with Abe 's agreement , made her his mistress .
He set up a house for Abe on December 20 , 1934 , and also provided her with an income .
In his deposition to the police , he remembered , " She was really strong , a real powerful one .
Even though I am pretty jaded , she was enough to astound me .
She was n't satisfied unless we did it two , three , or four times a night .
To her , it was unacceptable unless I had my hand on her private parts all night long ...
At first it was great , but after a couple of weeks I got a little exhausted . " [ 20 ]
When Abe suggested that Kasahara leave his wife to marry her , he refused .
She then asked Kasahara to allow her to take another lover , which he also refused to do .
Afterwards , their relationship ended , and to escape him Abe left for Nagoya . [ 21 ]
Kasahara ended his testimony with an angry remark about Abe , " She is a slut and a whore .
And as what she has done makes clear , she is a woman whom men should fear . " [ 22 ]
Likewise , Abe remembered Kasahara in less than flattering terms , saying , " He did n't love me and treated me like an animal .
He was the kind of scum who would then plead with me when I said that we should break up . " [ 23 ]
In Nagoya in 1935 , and again intending to leave the sex industry , Abe began working as a maid at a restaurant .
She soon became romantically involved with a customer at the restaurant , Gorō Ōmiya , a professor and banker who aspired to become a member of the Diet of Japan ( Japanese parliament ) .
Knowing that the restaurant would not tolerate a maid having sexual relations with clients , and having become bored with Nagoya , she returned to Tokyo in June .
Ōmiya met
Abe in Tokyo and , finding that she had previously contracted syphilis , paid for her stay at a hot springs resort in Kusatsu from November until January 1936 .
In January , Ōmiya suggested that Abe could become financially independent by opening a small restaurant , and recommended that she should start working as an apprentice in the restaurant business . [ 24 ]
Acquaintance with Kichizō Ishida [ edit ]
Back in Tokyo , Abe began work as an apprentice at the Yoshidaya restaurant on February 1 , 1936 .
The owner of this establishment , Kichizō Ishida , 42 at the time , had worked his way up in business , starting as an apprentice at a restaurant specializing in eel dishes .
He had opened Yoshidaya in Tokyo's Nakano neighborhood in 1920 . [ 25 ]
When Abe joined his restaurant , Ishida had become known as a womanizer who by that time did little in the way of actually running the restaurant , which had become in fact managed primarily by his wife . [ 26 ]
Not long after Abe began work at Yoshidaya , Ishida began making amorous advances towards her .
Ōmiya had never satisfied
Abe sexually , and she was responsive to Ishida ’s approaches .
In mid-April , Ishida and Abe initiated their sexual relationship in the restaurant to the accompaniment of a romantic ballad sung by one of the restaurant 's geishas .
On April 23 , 1936 , Abe and Ishida met for a pre-arranged sexual encounter at a teahouse , or machiai — the contemporary equivalent of a love hotel [ 27 ] — in the Shibuya neighborhood .
Planning only for a short " fling " , the couple instead remained in bed for four days .
On the night of April 27 , they moved to another teahouse in the distant neighborhood of Futako Tamagawa where they continued to drink and have sex , occasionally with the accompaniment of a geisha 's singing , and would continue even as maids entered the room to serve sake . [ 28 ]
They next moved to the Ogu neighborhood .
Ishida did not actually return to his restaurant until the morning of May 8 , after an absence of about two weeks . [ 29 ]
Of Ishida , Abe later said , " It is hard to say exactly what was so good about Ishida .
But it was impossible to say anything bad about his looks , his attitude , his skill as a lover , the way he expressed his feelings .
I had never met such a sexy man . " [ 30 ]
After their two - week encounter ended , Abe became agitated and began drinking excessively .
She said that with Ishida she had come to know true love for the first time in her life , and the thought of Ishida being back with his wife made her intensely jealous .
Just over a week before Ishida 's eventual death , Abe began to contemplate his murder .
On May 9 , 1936 , she attended a play in which a geisha attacks her lover with a large knife , after which she decided to threaten Ishida with a knife at their next meeting .
On May 11 , Abe pawned some of her clothing and used the money to buy a kitchen knife .
She later described meeting Ishida that night , " I pulled the kitchen knife out of my bag and threatened him as had been done in the play I had seen , saying , ' Kichi , you wore that kimono just to please one of your favorite customers .
You bastard , I 'll kill you for that . '
Ishida was startled and drew away a little , but he seemed delighted with it all ... " [ 31 ]
" Abe Sada Incident " [ edit ]
Newspaper photo taken shortly after Abe 's arrest , at Takanawa Police Station , Tokyo on May 20 , 1936
Site of the " Abe Sada Incident "
Ishida and Abe returned to Ogu , where they remained until his death .
During their love - making this time , Abe put the knife to the base of Ishida 's penis , and said she would make sure he would never play around with another woman .
Ishida laughed at this .
Two nights into this bout of sex , Abe began choking Ishida , and he told her to continue , saying that this increased his pleasure .
She had him do it to her as well .
On the evening of May 16 , 1936 , Abe used her obi sash to cut off Ishida 's breathing during orgasm , and they both enjoyed it .
They repeated this for two more hours .
Once
Abe stopped the strangulation , Ishida 's face became distorted , and would not return to its normal appearance .
Ishida took thirty tablets of a sedative called Calmotin to try to soothe his pain .
According to Abe , as Ishida started to doze , he told her , " You 'll put the cord around my neck and squeeze it again while I 'm sleeping , wo n't you ...
If you start to strangle me , do n't stop , because it is so painful afterward . "
Abe commented that she wondered if he had wanted her to kill him , but on reflection decided he must have been joking . [ 32 ]
About 2:00 in the morning of May 18 , 1936 , as Ishida was asleep , Abe wrapped her sash twice around his neck and strangled him to death .
She later told police , " After I had killed Ishida I felt totally at ease , as though a heavy burden had been lifted from my shoulders , and I felt a sense of clarity . "
After lying with Ishida 's body for a few hours , she next severed his penis and testicles with the kitchen knife , wrapped them in a magazine cover , and kept them until her arrest three days later . [ 33 ]
With the blood she wrote Sada , Ishida no Kichi Futari - kiri ( 定、石田の吉二人キリ , " We , Sada and Kichi ( zō ) Ishida , are alone " ) on Ishida 's left thigh , and on a bed sheet .
She then carved 定 ( " Sada " , the character for her name ) into his left arm .
After putting on Ishida 's underwear , she left the inn at about 8 am , telling the staff not to disturb Ishida . [ 34 ]
After leaving the inn , Abe met her former lover Gorō Ōmiya .
She repeatedly apologized to him , but Ōmiya , unaware of the murder , assumed that she was apologizing for having taken another lover .
In actuality , Abe 's apologies were for the damage to his political career that she knew his association with her was bound to cause .
After Ishida 's body was discovered , a search was launched for Abe , who had gone missing .
On May 19 , 1936 , the newspapers picked up the story .
Ōmiya 's career was ruined , and Abe 's life was under intense public scrutiny from that point onwards . [ 35 ]
Abe Sada panic [ edit ]
The circumstances of Ishida 's death immediately caused a national sensation .
The ensuing frenzy over the search for Abe was called " Abe Sada panic " . [ 9 ]
Police received reports of sightings of Abe from various cities , and one false sighting nearly caused a stampede in the Ginza , resulting in a large traffic jam . [ 25 ]
In a reference to the recent failed coup in Tokyo , the Ni Ni-Roku Incident ( " 2–26 " or " February 26 " ) , the crime was satirically dubbed the " Go Ichi - Hachi " Incident ( " 5 –18 " or " May 18 " ) . [ 27 ]
On May 19 , 1936 , Abe went shopping and saw a movie .
Under a pseudonym , she stayed in an inn in Shinagawa on May 20 , where she had a massage and drank three bottles of beer .
She spent the day writing farewell letters to Ōmiya , a friend , and Ishida . [ 34 ]
Abe planned to commit suicide one week after the murder , and practiced necrophilia .
" I felt attached to Ishida 's penis and thought that only after taking leave from it quietly could I then die .
I unwrapped the paper holding them and gazed at his penis and scrotum .
I put his penis in my mouth and even tried to insert it inside me ...
It did n't work however though I kept trying and trying .
Then , I decided that I would flee to Osaka , staying with Ishida 's penis all the while .
In the end , I would jump from a cliff on Mount Ikoma while holding on to his penis . " [ 36 ]
At 4:00 in the afternoon , police detectives , suspicious of the alias under which Abe had registered , came to her room .
" Do n't be so formal " , she told them , " You 're looking for Sada Abe , right ?
Well that 's me .
I am Sada Abe . "
When the police were not convinced , she displayed Ishida 's genitalia as proof . [ 37 ]
Abe was arrested and interrogated over eight sessions . [ 38 ]
When asked why she had severed Ishida 's genitalia , Abe replied , " Because I could n't take his head or body with me .
I wanted to take the part of him that brought back to me the most vivid memories . " [ 39 ]
The interrogating officer was struck by Abe 's demeanor when asked why she had killed Ishida .
" Immediately she became excited and her eyes sparkled in a strange way . " [ 40 ]
Her answer was : " I loved him so much , I wanted him all to myself .
But since we were not husband and wife , as long as he lived he could be embraced by other women .
I knew that if I killed him no other woman could ever touch him again , so I killed him ... " [ 2 ]
In attempting to explain what distinguished Abe 's case from over a dozen other similar cases in Japan , [ 41 ]
William Johnston suggests that it is this answer which captured the imagination of the nation : " She had killed not out of jealousy but out of love . " [ 42 ]
Mark Schreiber notes that the Sada Abe Incident occurred at a time when the Japanese media were preoccupied with extreme political and military troubles , including the Ni-Ni-Roku Incident and a looming war in China .
He suggests that a sensationalistic sex scandal such as this served as a welcome national release from the disturbing events of the time . [ 27 ]
The case also struck a chord with the ero guro nansensu ( " erotic - grotesque - nonsense " ) style popular at the time , and the Sada Abe Incident came to represent that genre for years to come . [ 43 ]
When the details of the crime were made public , rumors began to circulate that Ishida 's penis was of extraordinary size ; however , the police officer who interrogated Abe after her arrest denied this , saying , " Ishida 's was just average .
[ Abe ] told me , ' Size does n't make a man in bed .
Technique and his desire to please me were what I liked about Ishida . ' " [ 40 ]
After her arrest , Ishida 's penis and testicles were moved to Tokyo University Medical School 's pathology museum .
They were put on public display soon after the end of World War II , but have since disappeared . [ 44 ]
Conviction and sentencing [ edit ]
The first day of Abe 's trial was November 25 , 1936 , and by 5 a .m. crowds were already gathering to attend .
[ 2 ]
The judge presiding over the trial admitted to being sexually aroused by some of the details involved in the case , yet made sure that the trial was held with the utmost seriousness . [ 9 ]
Abe 's statement before receiving sentencing began , " The thing I regret most about this incident is that I have come to be misunderstood as some kind of sexual pervert ...
There had never been a man in my life like Ishida .
There were men I liked , and with whom I slept without accepting money , but none made me feel the way I did toward him . " [ 45 ]
On December 21 , 1936 , Abe was convicted of murder in the second degree and mutilation of a corpse .
Though the prosecution demanded ten years , and Abe claimed that she desired the death penalty , she was in fact sentenced to just six years in prison .
[ 2 ]
Abe was confined in Tochigi women 's penitentiary , where she was prisoner No. 11 . [ 46 ]
Her sentence was commuted on November 10 , 1940 , on the occasion of the 2,600th anniversary celebrations of the mythical founding of Japan , when Emperor Jimmu came to the throne . [ 47 ]
Abe was released , exactly five years after the murder , on May 17 , 1941 . [ 46 ]
The police record of Abe 's interrogation and confession became a national best - seller in 1936 .
Christine L. Marran puts the national fascination with Abe 's story within the context of the dokufu ( 毒婦 ) or " poison woman " stereotype , a transgressive female character type that had first become popular in Japanese serialized novels and stage works in the 1870s . [ 48 ]
In the wake of popular " poison woman " literature , confessional autobiographies by female criminals had begun appearing in the late 1890s . [ 49 ]
By the early 1910s , autobiographical writings by criminal women took on an unapologetic tone and sometimes included criticisms of Japan and Japanese society .
Kanno Suga , who was hanged in 1911 for conspiring to assassinate Emperor Meiji in what was known as the High Treason Incident , wrote openly rebellious essays while in prison . [ 50 ]
Fumiko Kaneko , who was sentenced to death for plotting to bomb the imperial family , used her notoriety to speak against the imperial system and the racism and paternalism that she said it engendered .
[ 51 ]
Abe 's confession , in the years since its appearance , became the most circulated female criminal narrative in Japan .
Marran points out that Abe , unlike previous criminal autobiographers , stressed her sexuality and the love she felt for her victim . [ 52 ]
Later life [ edit ]
Upon release from prison , Abe assumed an alias .
As the mistress of a " serious man " she referred to in her memoirs as " Y " , she moved first to Ibaraki Prefecture and then to Saitama Prefecture .
When Abe 's true identity became known to Y's friends and family , she broke off their relationship . [ 53 ]
In the aftermath of World War II , wishing to divert public attention from politics and criticism of the occupying authorities , the Yoshida government encouraged a " 3 - S " policy — " sports , screen , and sex " . [ 54 ]
Pre -war writings , such as The Psychological Diagnosis of Abe Sada ( 1937 ) depict
Abe as an example of the dangers of unbridled female sexuality and as a threat to the patriarchal system .
In the postwar era , she was treated as a critic of totalitarianism , and a symbol of freedom from oppressive political ideologies . [ 55 ]
Abe became a popular subject in literature of both high and low quality .
The buraiha writer Sakunosuke Oda wrote two stories based on Abe , [ 56 ] and a June 1949 article noted that Abe had recently tried to clear her name after it had been used in a " mountain " of erotic books . [ 57 ]
In 1946 , the writer Ango Sakaguchi interviewed Abe , treating her as an authority on both sexuality and freedom .
He called Abe a " tender , warm figure of salvation for future generations " .
[ 58 ]
In 1947 , Ichiro Kimura 's The Erotic Confessions of Abe Sada became a national bestseller , with over 100,000 copies sold . [ 46 ]
The book was in the form of an interview with Abe , but was actually based on the police interrogation records .
As a response to this book , Abe wrote her own autobiography , Memoirs of Abe Sada , which was published in 1948 .
In contrast to Kimura 's depiction of her as a pervert , she stressed her love for Ishida . [ 59 ]
The first edition of the magazine True Story ( 実話 , Jitsuwa ) , in January 1948 , featured previously unpublished photos of the incident with the headline " Ero-guro of the Century !
First Public Release .
Pictorial of the Abe Sada Incident . "
Reflecting the change in tone in writings on Abe , the June 1949 issue of Monthly Reader called her a " Heroine of That Time " for following her own desires in a time of " false morality " and oppression . [ 57 ]
Abe capitalized on her notoriety by sitting for an interview in a popular magazine , [ 46 ] and appearing for several years starting in 1947 in a traveling one - act stage production called Shōwa Ichidai Onna ( A Woman of the Shōwa Period ) under the direction of dramatist Nagata Mikihiko . [ 60 ]
In 1952 she began working at the Hoshikikusui , [ 61 ] a working - class pub in Inari- chō in downtown Tokyo .
Abe lived a low - profile life in Tokyo's Shitaya neighborhood for the next 20 years , and her neighborhood restaurant association gave her a " model employee " award . [ 62 ]
More than once , during the 1960s , film - critic Donald Richie visited the Hoshikikusui .
In his collection of profiles , Japanese Portraits , he describes Abe making a dramatic entrance into a boisterous group of drinkers .
She would slowly descend a long staircase that led into the middle of the crowd , fixing a haughty gaze on individuals in her audience .
The men in the pub would respond by putting their hands over their crotches , and shouting out things like , " Hide the knives ! " and " I 'm afraid to go and pee ! "
Abe would slap the banister in anger and stare the crowd into an uncomfortable and complete silence , and only then continue her entrance , chatting and pouring drinks from table to table .
Richie comments , " ... she had actually choked a man to death and then cut off his member .
There was a consequent frisson when Sada Abe slapped your back . " [ 63 ]
In 1969 , Abe appeared in the " Sada Abe Incident " section of director Teruo Ishii 's dramatized documentary History of Bizarre Crimes by Women in the Meiji Taishō and Shōwa Eras ( 明治大正昭和 猟奇女犯罪史 , Meiji Taishō Shōwa Ryōki Onna Hanzaishi ) , [ 64 ] and the last known photograph of Abe was taken in August of that year . [ 62 ] [ 65 ]
She disappeared from the public eye in 1970 .
[9 ]
When the film
In the Realm of the Senses was being planned in the mid-1970s , director Nagisa Oshima apparently sought out Abe and , after a long search , found her , her hair shorn , in a Kansai nunnery . [ 66 ]
Legacy [ edit ]
Decades after both the incident and her disappearance , Abe continues to draw public interest :
Sada
Abe in literature [ edit ]
Selected major writings on Sada Abe
Abe , Sada ( 1948 ) .
Memoirs of Abe Sada : Half a Lifetime of Love ( 阿部定手記―愛の半生 , Abe Sada shuki – Ai no hansei ) , 1998 ( in Japanese ) , Tokyo : Chuokoron sha .
ISBN 978-4-12-203072-5 .
, 1998 ( in Japanese ) , Tokyo : Chuokoron sha .
ISBN 978-4-12-203072-5. Funabashi , Seiichi ( August 1947 ) .
A Record of Abe Sada 's Behavior ( Abe Sada gyōjō - ki ) . [ 73 ]
( ) . Fuyuki , Takeshi ( March 1947 ) .
Woman Tearstained in Passion — The Life Led by Abe Sada ( Aiyoku ni nakinureta onna — Abe Sada no tadotta hansei ) . [ 73 ]
( ). Kimura , Ichirō ( 1947 ) .
The Erotic Confessions of Abe Sada ( お定色ざんげ―阿部定の告白 , Osada iro zange – Abe Sada no kokuhaku ) , 1998 ( in Japanese ) , Tokyo : Kawade Shobo Shinsha .
ISBN 978-4-309-40530-8 .
, 1998 ( in Japanese ) , Tokyo : Kawade Shobo Shinsha .
ISBN 978-4-309-40530-8. Nagata , Mikihiko ( September 1950 – August 1951 ) .
True Story : Abe Sada ( Jitsuroku : Abe Sada ) aka Impassioned Woman of Love ( Jōen ichidai onna ) , serialized novel . [ 73 ]
( ) aka ( ) , serialized novel .
Oda , Sakunosuke ( 1946 ) .
" The State of the Times " ( Sesō ) , short story . [ 73 ]
) , short story .
Oda , Sakunosuke ( 1947 ) .
" The Seductress " ( Yōfu ) , short story . [ 73 ]
) , short story .
Satō , Makoto .
Abe Sada 's Dogs , avant - garde play . [ 74 ]
, avant - garde play .
Sekine , Hiroshi ( 1971 ) .
" Abe Sada " , poem . [ 75 ]
Tōkyō Seishin Bunsekigaku Kenkyōjo ( 1937 ) .
The Psychoanalytic Diagnosis of Sada Abe ( Abe Sada no seishin bunseki teki shindan ) . [ 76 ]
( ). Watanabe , Junichi ( 1997 ) .
A Lost Paradise ( Shitsuraken ) , novel modeled on the Abe Incident . [ 77 ]
( ) , novel modeled on the Abe Incident .
Ohkubo , Kristine ( 2019 ) .
Nickname Flower of Evil ( 呼び名は悪の花 ) : The Abe Sada Story , non-fiction . [ 78 ]
Sada
Abe in film [ edit ]
Abe herself appeared in the " Sada Abe Incident " section of Teruo Ishii 's 1969 documentary History of Bizarre Crimes by Women in the Meiji , Taisho and Showa Eras ( 明治大正昭和 猟奇女犯罪史 , Meiji Taishō Shōwa Ryōki Onna Hanzaishi ) ( actress Yukie Kagawa portrayed Abe ) [ 64 ]
Also , there have been at least six films based on her life :
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Ashland University , the Christian - based liberal arts school outside Cleveland , allowed student William Cochran to form Respect , an official student group to “ provide a safe space for LGBTQ students , faculty , staff , and their allies , and … work to educate and raise awareness of issues relating to LGBTQ people . ”
For a whole semester , Ashland ’s administrators and the Student Life Office let that charade go on !
But now Respect has been denied an actual chartership at the school .
Sound queer ?
Unless Respect changes its mission from “ LGBT diversity ” to “ human diversity , ” the show wo n’t go on .
The inevitable Facebook group informs us : “ Respect has recently been denied charter - ship at Ashland University .
This means that Respect cannot reserve meeting space , advertise for meetings , or receive funding .
Please show the university that we have a strong base of support !
If you would like to speak up , you can contact the Student Life Office .
Their information is on the AU website ! ”
Posts Cochran : “ We have yet to be informed of a specific reason .
We were asked to change our mission statement to remove LGBT completely , and replace it with human diversity .
We felt that this overlapped with some organizations ( Black Student Union , International Club , Ashland Center for Nonviolence ) .
When we get the official letter , I will let you know exactly what happened . ”
Yeah , an official letter is required to know what happened .
Drove downtown after school to 3G Gallery to pick up a photograph from a show and Amy said go to the lobby and check out the Furry Convention .
The Fursuit Parade is Saturday at 2 by the David Lawrence Convention Center .
Over 750 humans in fursuits .
A man with a badge marked security , said this convention brings in 6 million dollars to Pittsburgh and they donate to local Animal Charities .
Some wear ears and or tails but these three furries were in full suits .
The convention is something I have heard about but not experienced before .
The news channels were walking around with microphones and cameras .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Skype
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Children learn a great deal by imitating adults .
A new study of Australian preschoolers and Kalahari Bushman children finds that a particular kind of imitation -- overimitation , in which a child copies everything an adult shows them , not just the steps that lead to some outcome -- appears to be a universal human activity , rather than something the children of middle - class parents pick up .
The work helps shed light on how humans develop and transmit culture .
Scientists " have been finding this odd effect where children will copy everything that they see an adult demonstrate to them , even if there are clear or obvious reasons why those actions would be irrelevant , " says psychologist Mark Nielsen , of the University of Queensland in Australia .
" It 's something that we know that other primates do n't do . "
If a chimpanzee is shown an irrelevant action , they wo n't copy it -- they 'll skip right to the action that makes something happen .
But it 's not clear that the results found in child psychology research apply to all people , Nielsen says .
This research is usually done with children who live in Western cultures , whose parents are well educated and middle to upper class .
And these parents are constantly teaching their children .
But parents in indigenous cultures generally do n't spend a lot of time teaching .
" They may slow what they 're doing if the child is watching , but it's not the kind of active instruction that 's common in Western cultures , " says Nielsen .
So he teamed up with Keyan Tomaselli , an anthropologist at the University of KwaZulu - Natal in Durban , South Africa , who has worked for decades in Bushman communities in southern Africa .
Their study is published in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science .
For the experiments , the children were shown how to open a box -- but in a complicated way , with impractical actions thrown in .
For example , the adult would drag a stick across a box , then use a stick to open the box by pulling on a knob -- which is a lot easier if you just use your fingers .
Most of the children copied what the adults did , even if they 'd been given the opportunity to play with the box first and figure out how it worked .
This was just as true for Bushman children as for the Australian children .
But are n't the children just following the rules of what appears to be a game ?
" That kind of is the point , " says Nielsen .
" Perhaps not a game , but certainly , when I demonstrate the action , it 's purposeful .
So from the mind of a child , perhaps there 's a reason why I 'm doing this . "
This willingness to assume that an action has some unknown purpose , and to copy it , may be part of how humans develop and share culture , he says .
" Really , we see these sorts of behaviors as being a core part of developing this human cultural mind , where we 're so motivated to do things like those around us and be like those around us . "
The B.C. RCMP has its hands full as they discovered two marijuana grow operations this week .
Policed seized 4,300 marijuana plants and more than 60 pounds of dried plants inside a building on the Squilax Anglemont Highway in Anglemont , B.C. on Tuesday .
Two stolen B.C. Hydro power transformers were found on the property along with other types of commercial - grade growing equipment .
Police believe the operation ran on stolen power because they found a hydro electric bypass .
The police entered the property with a search warrant .
Five adults and one youth were arrested at the scene .
They are in custody and will be facing several charges , police say .
In Mission , B.C. RCMP discovered approximately 300 nearly mature marijuana plants aboard a houseboat located on the Fraser River on Wednesday .
They believe the operation was intended to expand into other rooms on the boat .
The hosing from the draining of the boat did n't lead to a containment area , Cpl. Raina Siou of the Mission RCMP told ctvbc.ca .
RCMP suspect that pollutants from the houseboat grow operation were being dumped into the Fraser River .
No one was found on the boat when officers entered the premises with a search warrant .
Siou said the investigation is ongoing and could not name any suspects .
A sealing order placed on the search warrant also prohibited her from explaining why RCMP believed they had reason to search the houseboat .
Actress Dixie Carter , best known for her role as Julia Sugarbaker on the TV show " Designing Women , " has died , her agent said Saturday .
She was 70 .
Carter was married to fellow actor Hal Holbrook .
" This has been a terrible blow to our family , " Holbrook told Entertainment Tonight .
" We would appreciate everyone understanding that this is a private family tragedy . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
UPDATE : Rekers said he ’d been with other escorts , Lucien claims .
( See end of post . )
George Rekers , cofounder of the fundamentalist Family Research Council , hired a male prostitute from a gay website called RentBoy.com in order to save him .
Or at least that ’s Rekers ’ spin attempt since Wednesday , when Miami New Times contributors Penn Bullock and Brandon K .
Thorp exposed the anti-gay crusader ’s two - week European romp with a rent boy they dubbed “ Lucien . ”
“ I have spent much time as a mental health professional and as a Christian minister helping and lovingly caring for people identifying themselves as ‘ gay . ’
My hero is Jesus Christ who loves even the culturally despised people , including sexual sinners and prostitutes .
Like Jesus Christ , I deliberately spend time with sinners with the loving goal to try to help them , ” Rekers wrote in a statement obtained by Joe.
My. God .— a blog I ’m going to have to read more often .
Lucien begs to differ .
The escort , who at first backed Rekers ’ story that he simply acted as a travel companion , and that the men did n’t have sex , has decided to come clean .
He changed his mind , New Times reports , after a friend confronted him over his client ’s activities :
The Family Research Council is vehemently anti-gay , stating on its website that “ homosexual conduct is harmful to the persons who engage in it and to society at large , and can never be affirmed .
It is by definition unnatural , and as such is associated with negative physical and psychological health effects . ”
And so on .
In a followup report today , New Times describes Lucien ’s account of the erotic massages he said he gave Rekers :
Rekers allegedly named his favorite maneuver the “ long stroke ” — a complicated caress “ across his penis , thigh … and his anus over the butt cheeks , ” as the escort puts it .
“ Rekers liked to be rubbed down there , ” he says .
Following the initial report , Rekers claimed on his website he “ did not find out about his travel assistant ’s internet advertisements offering prostitution activity until after the trip was in progress ” and that he was not “ involved in sexual behavior with his travel assistant . ”
But the reporters then secretly taped a conversation between Rekers and Lucien that indicated otherwise .
Here ’s an excerpt : ( Or read it all here . )
“ We did the whole massage thing , ” Lucien said , “ and I do n’t know what to think about it . ”
“ Yeah , ” said Rekers , “ just say ‘ no , ’ and just say ‘ I ’ve already [ indecipherable ] to the press , ’ and that ’s it .
‘ Cuz if you keep answering , it ’ll keep the story alive . ”
“ This is n’t something I can just be silenced about ! ” Lucien said moments later .
Rekers assured that if the escort just remained silent , the whole story would soon die down .
He began muttering darkly about “ activists with an axe to grind ” and “ nothing better to do . ”
Lucien suggested that perhaps “ the media ” had a point and that Rekers really had done harm to the gay community .
He insisted that Rekers ’ struggle was n’t his , and said he had considered making a statement to the press .
“ Well , do n’t do that , ” said Rekers .
“ It just causes more harm . ”
“ What was going through your mind when you went on that website ? ” demanded Lucien , referring to rentboy.com , the gay escort site where he had posted his profile .
Rekers paused for several seconds , considering .
“ Well , I ’d be happy to sit down and talk to you more about that . ”
He paused again .
“ We have to deal with the situation that we have , and make sure it does n’t get worse . ”
“ Sometimes I feel like I should just tell [ the press ] what happened on the trip . ”
“ No , ” said Rekers quickly , “ Please do n’t do that .
Please do n’t let them pressure you into it . ”
Now Bill McCollum , Florida ’s attorney general , is scrambling to distance himself from Rekers , whom the state ( apparently at McCollum ’s behest ) paid $ 120,000 to testify in favor of Florida ’s ban on gay adoptions .
This news comes courtesy of Equality Florida , a gay - rights group that dug up the state documents in question , and is now busy putting the brakes on McCollum ’s career .
Also , Joe. My. God. has noted that , since the news broke , all mentions of Rekers have been removed from the website of the Family Research Council .
Sounds like Rekers may have to turn to higher powers for forgiveness .
UPDATE : Lucien tells New Times he was hired by Rekers , and gave him nude massages , prior to their trip — contradicting Reker ’s claim that he had n’t know Lucien was a prostitute until well into the excursion .
Lucien also says there had been others :
The 20 - year - old escort said Rekers told him he was not the first “ travel assistant ” he had hired , but that he was the first to do any “ traveling . ”
Read it here .
Follow Michael Mechanic on Twitter .
A battle is under way in the British countryside to fight off plans for massive factory farms that would house thousands of animals in industrialised units without access to traditional grazing or foraging .
Plans for three large - scale units in England have encountered fierce resistance from campaigners who say they would cause extra noise , smell and disruption and cause more stress and disease for animals .
Animal welfare organisations fear the proposals are signs that a new intensive system of agriculture could soon replace the UK 's patchwork of small livestock farms .
In the past three months , plans have been brought forward for an 8,000 - cow dairy farm at Nocton in Lincolnshire and a 3,000 - cow unit at South Witham , also Lincolnshire .
Both have been withdrawn following fierce opposition .
The Independent has learnt of another intensive factory farm proposal , for a 2,500 - sow pig unit at Foston in Derbyshire .
The proposals dwarf the size of current livestock farms .
The Nocton dairy farm would have been the largest dairy farm in western Europe , 66 times larger than the average UK herd of 120 animals – and four times the size of the largest existing herd of 2,000 .
Likewise , the South Witham farm would have been 50 per cent larger than the largest dairy herd , if it had been adopted .
The animal welfare group Viva believes the Foston pig farm would be the largest in the UK .
When taking into account the litters of the sows which would be raised to maturity before slaughter , the unit would contain about 20,000 pigs at any one time .
Farming groups behind all three plans said they would minimise smells , noise and disruption and that modern stockmanship would mean that the animals were well looked after .
At Foston , for instance , pigs would be allowed more space than usual in which to give birth to their piglets .
However , the animals would be kept inside for all or almost all of the year , compared with more traditional forms of agriculture .
Around a third of pigs across the country are kept outdoors .
The overwhelming majority of cows have regular access to grazing .
Currently only 1 per cent are kept in housed " zero - grazing " units .
Villagers have objected to the arrival of such large industrialised animal units .
After 600 objections were lodged against the Nocton proposal , Nocton Dairies Ltd withdrew its plans .
It is expected to submit a revised proposal at a later date .
Following stiff opposition , Velmur Ltd also withdrew its plans for South Witham , saying it was too close to local homes .
Some 1,640 objections have been made so far to South Derbyshire District Council about the Foston pig farm .
Compassion in World Farming and the World Society for the Protection of Animals ( WSPA ) believe new plans for large dairy units will emerge in coming months as farmers seek to survive ultra - thin margins .
Suzi Morris , UK director of WSPA , said : " There 's nothing on this scale in the UK .
The 8,000 - cow proposal for Nocton would be the largest herd in western Europe .
The average herd size in the UK is 100 to 120 cows .
There are herds of 1,000 and some pushing 2,000 but 3,000 would be a departure .
" It 's all being driven by economies of scale , " she added .
" We have been importing a lot of milk and the UK dairy industry has been undermined and conventional dairy farmers have been going out of business .
" We believe that animals should be farmed for food but we do n't agree there can be any justification , economic or otherwise , for the commoditisation of animals and their housing in such large units . "
In the US there is a term for such large farms – Cafo ( Concentrated Animal feeding Operation ) .
Justin Kerswell , campaigns manager at Viva said : " It is sadly ironic that with films such as Food Inc hitting the headlines , there is a move to bring American - style mega factory - farming to this country .
However , it would be wrong to think that we do n't have intensive farming here already .
" Most broiler chicken production is already highly intensive , as is most pig farming .
But , with the proposed Foston development , it appears we are moving to an unprecedented level .
Along with the rush to introduce American - style zero - grazing dairy units into this country , it is fast becoming a juggernaut that has to be stopped . "
The National Farmers ' Union rejected claims that large dairy farms would compromise welfare .
Hayley Campbell - Gibbons , chief dairy adviser , who has just returned from a fact - finding tour of US farms , including one which keeps 40,000 cows , said : " I think even the welfare groups would agree that big does not always mean bad .
You can have good and bad welfare in any system . "
She added : " If you do n't have cows that are contented and healthy they do n't produce enough milk . "
BPEX , the pig industry body , said the Foston proposal would be " a brand new state - of - the - art unit " .
In a statement , Midland Pig Producers said economies of scale at the unit would help compete " against the large - scale foreign importers currently flooding the British market which are not subject to the UK's leading welfare and health and safety issues " .
The statement added : " While we understand that concerns have been raised , we would like to reassure people that there is no need to be worried about disease and hygiene as we operate in accordance with the strict Defra guidelines and Assured Food Standards operating standards .
Health and safety has been taken into account throughout the design process and we should stress that there are no airborne diseases originating from pigs which transfer to humans . "
The statement also said that animal welfare had always been a top priority and the development would be to " the highest possible specification to ensure the health and wellbeing of all the animals on the site " .
All aspects of the operation would comply with environmental regulations , the statement said , including light and noise pollution and gas emissions .
The buildings would be flushed every 48 hours , and the air filtered twice before being released into the atmosphere .
Factory farming plans ...
Foston , south Derbyshire
Producing : Pork
Number of pigs : 2,500 sows ( around 20,000 piglets )
Proponent : Midland Pig Producers
Council : South Derbyshire District
Features : Would be UK 's biggest pig farm .
Slurry collected from under the pigs would be turned into electricity at a biogas unit supplying a neighbouring women 's prison .
Complaints : 1,640 .
Consultation still open .
Why : Some villagers are unhappy about a large - scale development on greenfield land .
Animal welfare campaigners say that although the farm would have more space for sows to give birth , the large size of the unit – and the fact pigs would not be allowed outside – would compromise their welfare .
Midland Pig Producers says the farm will be a state - of - the - art facility , meeting all welfare , health , environment and other regulations .
Outcome : Council will vote on the planning application some time after 27 July .
Nocton , Lincolnshire
Producing : Milk
Number of cows : 8,100
Proponent : Nocton Dairies Ltd
Council : North Kesteven District
Features : Would be Europe 's largest dairy unit .
Cows would be milked three times a day instead of two .
Complaints : 600
Why : Villagers fear disruption , noise and environmental problems .
Animal welfare campaigners claim keeping cows inside in such large numbers under a " zero grazing " system is unnatural and harmful .
Outcome : Planning application withdrawn in April .
A revised plan is expected .
South Witham , Lincolnshire
Producing : Milk
Number of cows : 2,896
Proponent : Velmur Ltd
Council : South Kesteven District
Features :
Would have been UK 's biggest dairy farm
Complaints : Parish Council and villagers objected .
Plan not formally submitted .
Why : Villagers say the site is too close to homes and the dairy would cause bad smells , noise pollution , traffic issues and attract flies .
Animal welfare campaigners claim keeping cows inside almost all the time in cubicles , with little , if any , access to grazing exposes them to greater health problems .
Outcome : Velmur withdrew its plan this month , agreeing the proximity " would not be acceptable to the village " .
... and what they mean for
Animals
Animals would be farmed more intensively .
At Nocton , cows would have been kept inside in a " zero grazing " system , and fed artificial feed rather than being allowed to graze pasture during the 10 months of the year when producing milk .
They would be milked three times a day rather than twice , yielding 11,000 litres of milk a year , against a national average of 7,000 .
The cows would be Holsteins selectively bred for their milk .
Cows are social animals used to living in small groups .
According to animal welfare charities , they experience more stress from living in larger groups of hundreds or thousands .
At Foston pigs would be kept inside for their whole lives .
Shoppers
Consumers have enjoyed low prices for pork and bacon and other " pigmeat " , and for milk in the past decade because retailers have sliced margins .
But the cheap prices have come at a cost , to the environment , the look of the countryside and animal welfare .
More than half our pork is now transported to the UK from abroad , where animal welfare standards are lower .
Increasingly foreign milk is being used in cheese and dairy products .
Farmers
Palo Alto , California ( CNN ) --
In the 1990s , a researcher named Kris Pister dreamed up a wild future in which people would sprinkle the Earth with countless tiny sensors , no larger than grains of rice .
These " smart dust " particles , as he called them , would monitor everything , acting like electronic nerve endings for the planet .
Fitted with computing power , sensing equipment , wireless radios and long battery life , the smart dust would make observations and relay mountains of real - time data about people , cities and the natural environment .
Now , a version of Pister 's smart dust fantasy is starting to become reality .
" It 's exciting .
It 's been a long time coming , " said Pister , a computing professor at the University of California , Berkeley .
" I coined the phrase 14 years ago .
So smart dust has taken a while , but it 's finally here . "
Maybe not exactly how he envisioned it .
But there has been progress .
The latest news comes from the computer and printing company Hewlett - Packard , which recently announced it 's working on a project it calls the " Central Nervous System for the Earth . "
In coming years , the company plans to deploy a trillion sensors all over the planet .
The wireless devices would check to see if ecosystems are healthy , detect earthquakes more rapidly , predict traffic patterns and monitor energy use .
The idea is that accidents could be prevented and energy could be saved if people knew more about the world in real time , instead of when workers check on these issues only occasionally .
HP will take its first step toward this goal in about two years , said Pete Hartwell , a senior researcher at HP Labs in Palo Alto .
The company has made plans with Royal Dutch Shell to install 1 million matchbook - size monitors to aid in oil exploration by measuring rock vibrations and movement , he said .
Those sensors , which already have been developed , will cover a 6 - square - mile area .
That will be the largest smart dust deployment to date , he said .
" We just think now , the technology has reached a point where it makes basic sense for us ... to get this out of the lab and into reality , " Hartwell said .
Smart dust ( minus the ' dust ' )
Despite the recent excitement , there 's still much confusion in the computing industry about what exactly smart dust is .
For starters , the sensors being deployed and developed today are much larger and clunkier than flecks of dust .
HP 's sensors -- accelerometers like those in the iPhone and Droid phone , but about 1,000 times more powerful -- are about the size of matchbooks .
When they 're enclosed in a metal box for protection , they 're about the size of a VHS tape .
So what makes a smart dust sensor different from a weather station or a traffic monitor ?
Size is one factor .
Smart dust sensors must be relatively small and portable .
But technology has n't advanced far enough to manufacture the sensors on the scale of millimeters for commercial use ( although Berkeley researchers are trying to make one that 's a cubic millimeter ) .
Wireless connections are a big distinguisher , too .
A building 's thermostat is most likely hard - wired .
A smart dust sensor might gauge temperature , but it would be battery - powered and would communicate wirelessly with the internet and with other sensors .
The sheer number of sensors in the network is what truly makes a smart dust project different from other efforts to record data about the world , said Deborah Estrin , a professor of computer science at the University of California , Los Angeles , who works in the field .
Smart dust researchers tend to talk in the millions , billions and trillions .
Some say reality has diverged so far from the smart dust concept that it 's time to dump that term in favor or something less sexy .
" Wireless sensor networks " or " meshes " are terms finding greater acceptance with some researchers .
Estrin said it 's important to ditch the idea that smart dust sensors would be disposable .
Sensors have to be designed for specific purposes and spread out on the land intentionally -- not scattered in the wind , as smart dust was initially pitched , she said .
' Real - world web '
Despite these differences , researchers say the smart - dust theory that monitoring everything will benefit humanity remains essentially unchanged .
And there are a number of real - world projects that , in one way or another , seek to use wireless sensors to take the Earth 's vital signs .
Wireless sensors currently monitor farms , factories , data centers and bridges to promote efficiency and understanding of how these systems work , researchers said in interviews .
In all of these cases , the sensor networks are deployed for a specific purpose .
For example , a company called Streetline has installed 12,000 sensors on parking spots and highways in San Francisco .
The sensors do n't know everything that 's going on at those parking spots .
They are equipped with magnetometers to sense whether or not a huge metal object -- hopefully a car -- is sitting on the spot .
That data will soon be available to people who can use it to figure out where to park , said Tod Dykstra , Streetline 's CEO .
It also tells the cities if the meters have expired .
Other sensors are equipped to measure vibration in factories and oil refineries to spot machine problems and inefficiencies before they cause trouble .
Still others might pick up data about temperature , chemistry or sound .
Tiny cameras or radars also can be tacked onto the data - collecting network to detect the presence of people or vehicles .
The power of these networks is that they eventually can be connected , said David Culler , a computer science professor at UC Berkeley .
Culler says the development of these wireless sensor networks is analogous to the creation of the World Wide Web .
What 's being created with the smart dust idea is a " Real World Web , " he said .
But he said we 're still early on in that progression .
" Netscape [ for the wireless sensor network ] has n't quite happened , " he said .
Big Brother effect
Even when deployed for science or the public , some people still get a Big Brother feeling -- the uncomfortable sense of being under constant , secret surveillance -- from the idea of putting trillions of monitors all over the world .
" It 's a very , very , very huge potential privacy invasion because we 're talking about very , very small sensors that can be undetectable , effectively , " said Lee Tien , an attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a privacy advocate .
" They are there in such numbers that you really can't do anything about them in terms of easy countermeasures . "
That does n't mean that researchers should stop working on smart dust .
But they should be mindful of privacy as the work progresses , he said .
Pister said the wireless frequencies that smart dust sensors use to communicate -- which work kind of like Wi -Fi -- have security built into them .
So the data is public only if the person or company that installed the sensor wants it to be , he said .
" Clearly , there are security concerns and privacy concerns , " he said , " and the good news is that when the radio technology was being developed for this stuff , it was shortly after all of the big concerns about Wi -Fi security .
...
We 've got all the security tools we need underneath to make this information private . "
Further privacy concerns may arise if another vision for smart dust comes true .
Some researchers are looking into making mobile phones into sensors .
In this scenario , the billions of people roaming the Earth with cell phones become the " smart dust . "
Bright future
Smart dust researchers say their theory of monitoring the world -- however it 's realized -- will benefit people and the environment .
More information is better information , Pister said .
" Having more sensors improves the efficiency of a system and reduces the demand and reduces waste , " he said .
" So all of that is just straight goodness . "
Hartwell , the HP researcher , says the only way people can combat huge problems like climate change and biodiversity loss is to have more information about what 's going on .
" Frankly , I think we have to do it , from a sustainability and environmental standpoint , " he said .
Even though the first application of HP's " Central Nervous System for the Earth " project will be commercial , Hartwell says the motives behind smart dust are altruistic .
" People ask me what my job is , and I say , well , I 'm going to save the world , " he said .
The artist Mark Evans creates portraits of famous faces , all hand - etched into leather hides .
He creates artwork using knives as his ‘ paintbrushes ’ .
These leather works of art are incredible and impressivley detailed .
L’artista Mark
Evans crea ritratti di volti famosi , tutti incisi a mano su pelli .
Egli crea opere d’arte utilizzando coltelli come i suoi ‘ pennelli ’ .
Queste opere d’arte incise sul cuoio sono incredibili , e in modo impressionate dettagliate .
> markevansart.com
> markevansart.com
I live 62 miles from Mystic so the commute is a bit long .
For that reason I usually only put in one day a week .
I would appreciate corrections on glaring errors , but please be kind .
As I have written before , I am a volunteer scraping paint off the Morgan .
Starting in the bow we have been using Smart Strip , Peel Away and other products from Drummond Chemical .
This product works well , but its still a lot of work .
The factory rep came and demonstrated the products he recommended .
Because the company made a contribution of some of their products I give them a small plug .
This is my boss in the green jacket .
As with all projects , quality is in the details .
Here my partner is hard at work applying the paper over the newly applied Peel and Strip .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the international community must respond in the growing crisis over the sinking of a South Korean warship .
She said there was " overwhelming " evidence that North Korea was to blame , and urged Pyongyang to halt its " policy of belligerence " .
Mrs Clinton was speaking in South Korea at the end of an Asian tour .
North Korea denies it was responsible , and has warned of retaliation if action is taken against it .
After an international investigation produced proof that the ship , the Cheonan , was hit by a North Korean torpedo , South Korea announced a package of measures , including a halt to most trade .
It is also seeking action via the United Nations Security Council .
The North then announced , late on Tuesday , that it was cutting all ties with the South .
It has also banned South Korean ships and planes from its territory .
South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung - hwan told a joint news conference he and Mrs Clinton had agreed that North Korea should take responsibility for the sinking of the Cheonan , torpedoed on 26 March with the loss of 46 lives .
" This was an unacceptable provocation by North Korea and the international community has a responsibility and a duty to respond , " Mrs Clinton said .
North Korea has a record in calculated risk .
This crisis might be another example of that Paul Reynolds , World affairs , correspondent , BBC News website War rhetoric could end in dialogue Send us your comments
The incident required " a strong but measured response , " she said .
Before going to Seoul , Mrs Clinton had two days of discussions in Beijing with her Chinese counterparts .
She has been pressing China to join the international condemnation but Beijing is taking a cautious line , calling for restraint .
" I believe that the Chinese understand the seriousness of this issue and are willing to listen to the concerns expressed by both South Korea and the United States , " Mrs Clinton said on Wednesday .
" We expect to be working with China as we move forward in fashioning a response . "
Chinese Vice - Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun earlier said his country was still evaluating information on the sinking of the Cheonan .
" We have always believed that dialogue is better than confrontation , " he added .
Tank exercises
With tensions rising rapidly , the North has reacted angrily to trade and shipping sanctions announced by the South .
SINKING OF CHEONAN - KEY DATES
Image caption
An independent team reported last week on the sinking of the Cheonan March 26 : Explosion hits naval corvette near disputed maritime border , killing 46 on board
May 20 : Independent investigators produce proof North Korean torpedo struck vessel
May 24 : South Korea declares trade with North frozen , demands apology
May 25 : North Korea announces it is severing all ties with South Korean propaganda fight How South Korean ship was sunk Q&A : Cheonan sinking Timeline : North Korean attacks
" If South Korea takes any provocative actions against us in terms of political , economic and military measures , backed by the United States , we will respond with war for justice , " said the state - run KRT television channel .
" We will remove all the human trash from the Korean peninsula and build up a united Korea . "
Pyongyang said on Wednesday it would cut off a road link across the heavily defended border if Seoul resumed propaganda broadcasts , halted six years ago .
Earlier , the North said it would match Southern sanctions with its own , and sever the few remaining lines of communication between the two governments .
South Korean ships and planes would be banned from Northern territorial waters and airspace .
All South Korean workers in the jointly - run Kaesong industrial park north of the border were expected to be expelled although they were allowed to enter on Wednesday , Reuters news agency reports .
Apart from Kaesong , there is little economic relationship left between the two states , their ties almost frozen since Lee Myung - bak took office in 2008 , the agency notes .
" North Korea is not closing up Kaesong immediately because it is saving the cards it needs in order to play the game , " said Jang Cheol - hyeon , a researcher at the Institute for National Security Strategy .
The two states are technically still at war after the Korean conflict ended without a peace treaty in 1953 .
South Korean K1 tanks could be seen on Tuesday conducting an exercise to prepare for a possible surprise attack by North Korea .
World 's best view : Astronaut takes stunning self - portrait with Earth reflected in his visor
This is a stunning self - portrait that would make Vincent Van Gogh proud .
Nasa astronaut Garrett Reisman took the impressive shot of his helmet visor , which reflected his stunning view of the International Space Station and entire globe behind .
The 42 - year - old 's protective gloves , emblazoned with the logo of baseball 's New York Yankees , are clearly visible holding the space camera in the foreground .
Nasa astronaut Garrett Reisman , Atlantis mission specialist , takes a self portrait into his helmet visor during the first of three spacewalks
Hanging around : Nasa astronaut Garrett Reisman during the first seven hour spacewalk
The former Nasa engineer took the snap on the first space walk of the final Atlantis shuttle mission .
During the spacewalk , he and Stephen Bowen attached a new Russian chamber onto the orbiter .
Mr Reisman used a 58ft robotic arm to drive the 20ft long room into place .
He drove it with such precision that the first capture sensor did n't even go off , despite having been stranded for half an hour after a short power outage on the station .
' He went right down the middle and got a hole in one , ' Mission Control said .
Mr Reisman was assisted by the British born meteorologist Piers Sellers , who called out all the milestones .
The Leeds University graduate chose the crew's wake up song this morning - the appropriate ' Start Me Up ' by the Rolling Stones .
The six space station residents - especially the three Russians - were thrilled with the addition .
Commander Oleg Kotov thanked Nasa for delivering the compartment , named Rassvet , or Dawn in Russian .
Hard at work : Crewmembers snapped photos and used a laser range - finding device on the Space Shuttle Atlantis at the weekend as they prepared to dock
Docked : The Atlantis mission has doubled the space crew to twelve members .
Mr Kotov 's enthusiasm was diminished later in the day when he photographed the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
' That 's not good , ' Kotov told reporters .
' I really feel not good about that .'
He added that the volcanic ash above Europe was also visible .
' Many ecological problems we can observe and monitor from this space station , for example , fires and some flooding , some poisoning of Earth , nature .
It 's very useful from this perspective , ' he said .
The addition - which provides an extra docking port - now puts the space station at 98 per cent complete in terms of habitable volume and 93 per cent complete in terms of structure .
Its mass exceeds 816,000 pounds .
Superior juggling skills !
Japan 's astronaut Soichi Noguchi is thrilled by the delivery of fresh tomatoes .
He has been in space since December 2009
Russian cosmonaut Oleg Kotov and NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson with fresh produce .
The sign behind them indicates the speed limit of the station is 17,500MPH
Nasa 's share of the construction work is almost over .
Only two shuttle missions remain ; they 're currently scheduled for fall .
This is the last planned flight for Atlantis after 32 flights over 25 years .
President Barack Obama wants Nasa out of the shuttle business as soon as possible so it can focus on trips to asteroids and Mars .
American astronauts will hitch rides to the space station on Russian rockets until U.S. companies develop their own launch vehicle .
Today two of the crew will venture out on another spacewalk to replace three space station batteries .
Another three batteries will be replaced on Friday .
The astronauts also will try to untangle a cable on the shuttle 's inspection boom that 's prevented a proper safety survey of Atlantis .
HONK !
Fest West is partnering with MarchFourth !
MarchFourth is a troupe of musicians , dancers , acrobats and stilt - walkers coming into town like a traveling Funk Circus Party !
Their guests ,
The Cumbieros , are a multi-national Cumbia band born in Seattle in 2011 , made up of talented musicians coming from diverse backgrounds and countries .
All these amazing musicians will put on an amazing show down at Neumos .
You should join !
View event on Facebook
21 and over only / Tickets Available at the event page
President Obama said Sunday his current priority is to make sure his Afghanistan strategy is working , as opposed to the Washington - driven debate over when U.S. troops might come home .
" Now , there has been a lot of obsession around this whole issue of when do we leave , " Obama said following the G - 20 summit in Toronto .
" My focus right now is how do we make sure that what we 're doing there is successful , given the incredible sacrifices that our young men and women are putting in . "
Speaking with reporters after the summit wrap - up , Obama also said he welcomed pledges by other nations to cut their budget deficits in half by 2013 .
The president also said he and aides will be watching China in the months ahead to make sure it follows through on a pledge to stop manipulating the value of its currency .
As for Afghanistan , Obama repeated that July 2011 will be the start of a process in which U.S. troops begin withdrawing and turning over security operations to the Afghans themselves .
But he added that , at least economically and diplomatically , the U.S. will be helping Afghanistan for many years to come .
Here is some play - by - play from the news conference :
6:03 p.m. -- President Obama kicks off with brief remarks , first thanking Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper for hosting the G - 20 summit , representing some 85 percent of the world economy .
Talks about the efforts of all nations to confront the global economic slump .
" We have pulled ourselves from the brink , " he says , but adds that too many people remain out of work .
Jobs are his " highest economic priority , " Obama adds , but he also speaks of reducing the U.S. debt and improving its trade .
He also says he will watch China to see if it follows through on pledges to let the value of its currency reflect the global market forces .
After lauding the cooperation among all the different countries -- " we can bridge our differences " -- Obama wraps up and prepares to take questions .
6:11 p.m. --
The Associated Press asks Obama if the G - 20's emphasis on reducing debt is a repudiation of his economic policy , and also asks how he wants to punish North Korea for its recent attack on a South Korean ship .
After admonishing reporters to stick to one question at a time , Obama says the U.S. helped write the G - 20 summit , including the section on budget deficits and debt .
Adds that countries need to " balance " their approach to the economic slowdown , with stimulative government spending and programs as well as debt reduction .
As for North Korea , Obama says aides are working with the United Nations Security Council on addressing North Korea .
Praises South Korea for exercising " restraint , " as the international community decides what message to send the North about its " unacceptable behavior . "
6:17 p.m. -- A Bloomberg
News reporter asks about monitoring China 's promise to ends its currency manipulation , giving it a huge trade advantage .
Obama says he trusts China , but " the proof of the pudding is going to be in the eating " and that " we will be paying attention . "
He declines to put a specific deadline on Chinese action .
6:22 p.m. --
The New York Times asks about reports that Pakistan is brokering talks between Hamid Karzai 's government in Afghanistan and the Taliban , as well about the hope of British Prime Minister David Cameron to have British troops out of Afghanistan in five years .
Obama does n't say much about Cameron and talks instead about his own plan to start withdrawing U.S. troops in July 2011 , but notes that the U.S. will be assisting Afghanistan for years to come .
" This is going to be tough , " he says , but adds that U.S. efforts will be constant review by his administration .
As for the Pakistan - led peace talks , Obama says " it 's too early to tell , " and the U.S. will be watching with " skepticism , but openness . "
Says all regional players need to understand the value of peaceful relations .
6:28 p.m. -- CBS
News radio asks about this week 's confirmation hearings of Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan -- is he concerned about the possibility of a Republican filibuster ?
Obama urges Senate Republicans " to listen " to Kagan , whom he calls a brilliant legal thinker .
Notes that conservative jurists have endorsed Kagan , and that criticism of the nominee has been " pretty thin gruel . "
6:31 p.m. -- A Japanese reporter asks Obama about the future of the U.S. - Japan defense alliance , and also about the president 's conversation with Chinese president Hu Jintao regarding the North Korean attack on South Korea .
Obama says he made clear to Hu that North Korea is the " belligerent " and that China should be prepared to admonish its government .
Says it is in the world 's interest to see a denuclearized Korean peninsula , especially the people of North Korea .
As for Japan , its alliance with the U.S. remains strong , Obama says .
" We are always going to be there for Japan , we are always going to be there for South Korea , " he adds .
6:37 p.m. -- A CNN reporter follows up on Afghanistan , citing the country 's difficult history -- how can we be sure it wo n't slide back into terrorism ?
Obama says he does n't have " a crystal ball , " but the U.S. has a vital interest in making sure that Afghanistan does n't again become a base of terrorist operations , as it was before 9/11 .
But we can't expect Afghanistan to be transformed in just a few years , after more than three decades of warfare .
" I think we can make a difference , " he says of the U.S and its partners .
Right now , Obama says , he wants to make sure his plan is working -- and repeats that July of 2011 is the date to start the transition toward Afghan - run security and gradual withdrawal of U.S. troops .
6:42 p.m. --
An NPR reporter asks what steps Obama is prepared to take now to build confidence he will cut the deficit in half by the year 2013 , as pledged by all the G - 20 countries .
We 're already taking action , Obama responds , citing new budget rules , efforts by the Pentagon to cut waste , and creation of a fiscal commission that will make deficit reduction recommendations by the end of year -- including " structural problems " like Social Security , Medicare , and other entitlement programs , as well as what to do with a " messy " tax system .
Says he will do what he has promised to do , citing the health care bill as an example , and plans to " call the bluff " of Republicans who have complained about the deficit .
That 's the last question ; we 're out at 6:46 p.m .
( Posted by David Jackson )
That could have sparked automated selling that forced stock prices down and triggered a cascade of other automated sales .
This domino effect could have occurred at such a pace that humans had no idea what was happening .
The attorneys at Gray & Jones , Attorneys At Law share a history of public service , teaching and community involvement .
Earl Gray was long - time assistant district attorney in Brazos County .
Dan Jones was a police officer for 24 years , 20 of those years spent at the College Station Police Department .
Amanda Jouett is also a former assistant district attorney .
Our lawyers now work together to defend the rights of people accused of crimes in Bryan , College Station and throughout central Texas .
We know how your case will likely be handled in court and what evidence the police may have collected .
The Dallas Stars have decided not to offer center Mike Modano a contract for the coming season .
“ We have the upmost respect for Mike Modano , ” Nieuwendyk said .
“ He will always be a huge part of this hockey club .
He is a great teammate and a great person .
Mike is the face of this franchise .
That ’s what makes this decision so hard .
” Nieuwendyk and his hockey staff have had many meetings internally over the last few months about the team , roster and identity – for now and moving forward .
He has also met with Modano several times to discuss his future since the season ended .
“ Mike is unclear on whether he will retire or not , and still may decide to play next season .
After assessing our roster and where we need to go as a hockey team , we have decided to not offer Mike a contract and allow him to explore free agency on July 1 .
If Mike decides that he would like to play with another team , we support his wishes .
That ’s part of the reason behind the timing of this announcement ; we wanted to be up - front with Mike and give him the option to explore playing for other clubs on July 1 if he chooses .
” Nieuwendyk feels that it is time for the Stars ’ younger players to take on bigger roles in the forward lines .
“ We have a good number of young guys who are hungry and ready for bigger roles on our team .
That ’s a big part of this decision .
These players are ready to step up and play important minutes .
We need them to continue their improvement and development if we are to get to where we want to be as a hockey club .
” Nieuwendyk said that this decision did not come overnight .
It was reached after many discussions and reflection .
“ This is as tough a decision as a general manager can make , but it comes with the job .
I have to put the team first and do what I feel is in best interest of the team .
Again , I have the upmost respect for Mike .
I spoke with him about this decision yesterday at length .
” While Modano ’s playing days as a Dallas Star are now officially over , Nieuwendyk is very interested in having him involved with the hockey club in the front office .
“ I also feel that Mike needs to be involved with our franchise , ” he said .
“ While I think it is time for him to stop being a player for the Stars , we plan on talking with our future new owner about a role that would best fit the interests of Mike and the organization .
We ’re not sure what that is yet , but I can tell you that we want Mike to be very involved , when he is ready .
If he goes on to play for another team , we want him to return to the Stars when he is finished and remain a large part of what we do .
” Nieuwendyk understands that this is not a popular decision and some fans will be disappointed .
“ I truly understand how the fans feel about Mike and we all appreciate what he has done for this franchise , ” he said .
“ But all players have to face this day ; Emmitt Smith is a perfect example , as is Joe Montana , Troy Aikman or Ray Bourque .
“ I know what Mike is going through .
When you turn 40 and you face the end of your playing career , it is very hard to let go .
I do n’t blame him for being undecided and possibly wanting to continue .
But this is a hockey decision and we feel it is in the best interests of our roster .
I stand by that and I believe that .
” Nieuwendyk knows what Modano means to this franchise and said what we all feel .
“ We wish Mike the very best and thank him for his incredible contributions to the Dallas Stars .
There never will be another Mike Modano .
It is our goal to have him continue doing great things for this franchise in the front office , and we look forward to making that a reality someday .
” Modano is the Stars ’ franchise leader in several statistical categories , including games ( 1,479 ) , goals ( 557 ) , assists ( 802 ) , points ( 1,359 ) , power play goals ( 156 ) , shorthanded goals ( 29 ) , game - winning goals ( 92 ) , shots ( 4,194 ) , and highest +/- in one season ( +43 in ’ 96-97 ) .
Deutsche Bank has a new and improved index of U.S. financial conditions , and this index just slumped back towards the lows of our recent crisis .
Deutsche Bank's Peter Hooper :
Financial conditions appear to have worsened substantially in recent quarters based on our update of the broad index of US financial variables presented earlier this year at the US Monetary Policy Forum .
In the wake of recent developments in Europe , increased stress in financial markets has pushed that index halfway back to its immediate post - Lehman crisis lows .
Do n't miss :
The 25 financial institutions most likely to default >
The index is built from an array of financial indicators such as U.S. treasury yields , the volatility index ( VIX ) , the stock market , Broker - Dealer leverage , among others .
It 's a bit of a black box , but it 's calculation is giving a similar reading to what we saw during the worst of the financial crisis .
The broad index shows a significantly larger net drop than other financial conditions indexes from most recent peaks partly because it gives greater weight to financial stock and flow variables and partly because it factors in the extent to which conditions have failed to respond positively to the recovery of GDP .
The continued absence of private securitization of mortgages and subdued activity in ABS markets persists in weighing on broad conditions .
Factors that have tended to give an offsetting lift to financial conditions have included a slowdown in the tightening of lending standards and more recently a drop in Treasury yields and associated easing of mortgage rates .
Deutsche believes this is a red flag for the economy , and explains why we should expect ultra-low interest rates from the Federal Reserve to continue for quite some time .
The worsening of financial conditions increases negative risks for economic prospects going forward and tends to delay the expected timing of Fed rate hikes .
We will consider in more detail next week the implications for economic activity of the recent tightening of financial conditions .
Still , DB has a pretty benign U.S. GDP outlook going forward , so it seems they only believe the risk mentioned above is a low - probability event , or perhaps they have n't downgraded their official expectations yet .
Bonus :
The 25 financial institutions most likely to default >
( Via Deutsche Bank , Peter Hooper , Financial Conditions Weakest Since Late ' 08 , 23 June 2010 )
Lawrence 's Story
In 1993 , I did a four - week story that really caused quite a stir !
Because we have been asked by many readers what happened during that time , I thought it would be appropriate to include a follow up to " Lawrence 's Story " .
The complete account of Lawrence 's coming out can be read in collection book There Goes My Baby !
Watch Lynn talk about Lawrence 's Story here in this podcast :
The Kid Next Door
Lawrence has been Michael Patterson 's close friend and neighbour for many years .
He has always been " the kid next door . "
For the longest time , he appeared consistently with Michael and his friends - but a few years ago , I began to find it harder and harder to bring Lawrence into the picture .
Somehow , his life had taken a different turn and I could n't quite understand why he was n't still part of the gang .
I began to concentrate on him , see his room , his things , his life .
" It felt right for Lawrence to be gay . "
I know all of these people so well .
I know where their houses are , what their furniture 's like , where they work .
I know their voices , their mannerisms , their thoughts are open to me ... and yet , I could n't connect with Lawrence .
Lawrence 's Secret
After " being " with him for some time , I realized the reason he was having so much trouble communicating with Michael and his friends was because Lawrence , now in his late teens , was different .
Lawrence was gay .
It felt right for Lawrence to be gay .
He was like so many people I know who have had to deal with this traumatic realization and who have done so with courage and honesty .
Photoshop brushes are one of the resources which can enhance your designs .
They vary in many categories to choose from , depending on how you would like your design to be .
If you ’re thinking of a design that is cute and fun , then doodle brush can be practical to use .
These set of brushes may be drawings or figures you would normally see in childish artworks or what you draw in school when you get bored .
Today we will be showcasing A Collection of Cute Doodle Brush Sets for you to choose from .
You can use them to make your design more fun and cuter .
And of course , they are all free to download .
So use them as you want them .
Enjoy !
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
Download Source
To listen to the audio version , play the video below .
To read the transcript , simply scroll down .
Hello , internet .
Today I ’m here to talk to you about a serious threat to the stability of our economic system and our lifestyle in general .
It is the “ brain bubble ” , a systemic miscalculation of how society ’s resources should be allocated to education .
To understand the severity of the threat posed by the brain bubble , we must first explore the basic misunderstandings of economics from which the whole problem stems .
The economy is simply the word economists use to describe the aggregate of all the things that people do with their capital .
Capital is anything that exists through time and has value .
Land and machines are good examples of capital .
With capital , people can perform activities that produce valuable output .
For example , with land and machines a company can maintain a manufacturing plant that produces stuffed animals or food products to sell .
The decision to allocate some capital , also called “ resources ” , to a particular economic activity is called “ investment ” .
At any given time , there is only a certain amount of capital in the world , so society must be wise in how it invests .
The world should not , for example , use half of all its factories to make stuffed elephants if only five percent of people actually want a stuffed elephant .
The economy needs a system by which people can decide whether to invest their capital in a particular venture or not .
Fortunately , such a system exists in the form of interest rates .
Money represents capital , in the sense that it can be traded for capital and vice - versa .
Loans of money , therefore , are an investment by the lender in whatever the venture for which the loan is made .
In a free market , interest rates on loans will tend to equal the average expected return value for investments in general .
If a company borrows money to perform an activity , and that activity has a return that is greater than the interest rate , the company will pay off the loan and then expand .
If instead the venture returns less than the over - all interest rate , the company will have to close its operations in order to repay the loan .
Suppose , for example , that I have imagined a better kind of soda than what is currently on the market .
I think I can provide people with a beverage that tastes better than Coke or Pespi and costs less .
An investor can make me a loan , with which I can build a factory and start marketing my product .
If I ’m right , and people want what I ’m selling , then my sales will spread rapidly through the soda market , and I will turn a large profit .
With that profit , I will pay back my lender plus interest , thus justifying his initial investment in me .
If I am wrong , and my invention was not a good idea , then I will turn a small profit or none at all , I will be unable to make the interest payments on my loan , and my lender will not earn money on his investment .
This discourages lenders from investing in products and services that people do n’t want .
This is the policy by which capital is invested in useful ventures .
Your actions are also business ventures .
People can invest in you .
They can do this , for example , by granting you a student loan so that you can go to college .
If your activities after college prove highly productive , you will earn a large salary , and will pay off your student loan with interest .
If instead you are lazy or dumb , or if you simply want to pursue a lifestyle that does not involve a lot of economic activity , your lender will lose money on you .
This , of course , creates an incentive for lenders to try to determine the expected productive output of students while they are in college .
Students who are likely to pursue high - end careers that require a lot of education will tend to get larger loans , while students who will not apply a degree in a productive fashion will be offered smaller loans or no loans at all .
At least , all of that would be true if interest rates were unregulated , student loans came from private investors with individual responsibility for the success or failure of the loans , and college education had a definable cost to each individual who received it .
Instead , investors have been required to issue student loans through federal programs , at federally - approved interest rates , for the past several decades .
The cost of college education has been increasingly subsidized and controlled by both federal and state governments .
More recently , President Obama nationalized the entire student loan program , with the reasoning that attempts by lenders to profit from their investments were interfering with students ’ opportunities for education .
The result of all this is that the discriminating factor in investing – the need for investors to profit on their investments – has been totally removed from the equation of who gets a student loan and how much they get .
Student loans are no more or less likely to go to students that will actually make use of them and be able to pay them back than to students who have no future in higher education and have no ability to repay their loans at all .
That would be fine if society had an infinite amount of educational resources to allocate to whomever the government pleased .
However , resources are finite , and every dollar that is spent educating someone who will not work to pay back his loans is a dollar that could have been spent educating a more productive citizen or building a factory to produce food to end world hunger .
The progressives will tell you that investment in education almost always has a positive economic return .
That is emphatically not true .
Hundreds of thousands of students with federal loans cannot pay them back , and the problem is so widespread that Obama already has plans to “ bail out ” the student loans and nullify the debt .
Even if it were true that education always produces positive returns on investments , that is still a construct of a government - regulated , artificially low interest rate which ignores the opportunity costs associated with investment .
By forcing interest rates to be lower than the free market would naturally make them , the federal government has made it profitable to invest in students whose activities after graduation do not economically justify the initial investment .
By removing the need to allocate resources to education in precisely so far as it is efficient to do so and no farther , the federal government has created a brain bubble .
Loads of people are going to college , no matter how much it costs , and no matter whether they actually care about their degree or have any plans to enter a specialized career after graduation .
Students who do n’t need a college degree can get federal loans , and , if they do n’t ever make enough money to justify those loans , they will be absolved of all debt under Obama ’s new plan .
The cost of college has soared exponentially above the rate of inflation over the past several decades .
Every time book prices , tuition , and boarding costs go up , the federal government has responded by subsidizing higher education even more heavily , enforcing stricter regulation on lenders , and lowering interest rates .
These policies are promoted as being necessary to allow people to continue to get a good education in spite of rising costs .
The entire strategy has never worked , not even a little bit .
At every turn the government has tried to curb rising costs by subsidizing even further , removing even more of the ever - dwindling incentive to allocate resources efficiently .
Even as technology gets cheaper , books get easier to produce , dormitories become better - designed , and educational techniques get ever - more refined , the cost of higher education continues to balloon .
In all of the government ’s attempted analysis of this situation , the one question that is never asked is , “ Why are costs going up ? ”
They are going up , plain and simple , because the interest - rate information , the driving need to supply education to those who will make use of it and not to others , has been destroyed .
It has been destroyed by the very same policies that were meant to make education accessible to everyone .
Costs will not go down because the government yells or the people protest .
The only strategy that can mitigate the cost of college education is the cessation of all subsidies and the release of the government ’s grip on interest rates .
When lenders are allowed to seek profit in the loans they grant to students , colleges will again have an incentive to minimize tuition , and students will have an incentive to work hard in school to prove their academic worth .
However , it is clear that strategy will not be adopted in America barring massive political upheaval .
Instead , through Obama ’s recent decision to totally nationalize the student loan program and eliminate any remaining profits , college tuition costs have again spiked .
Obama has set a precedent now that loans can be given to anyone for any reason .
If the loan cannot ever be paid back , the government will bail out the lender .
All incentive for fiscal responsibility and economic efficiency is gone .
The cost of college will continue to grow over the next ten to fifteen years .
No later than 2030 , the government will go completely bankrupt , and colleges will no longer be able to accept payment promises through Federal Reserve notes .
When that happens , the brain bubble will burst .
College will be so outlandishly expensive that no one will be able to afford it without federal assistance , and no federal assistance will be forthcoming .
The well will run dry .
When the government is no longer able to bail out society today with money it hopes will be created tomorrow , the college market itself will collapse .
Dormitories will sit empty for years in much the same way that houses have been abandoned since the 2008 housing crisis .
Just like all bubbles before it , the brain bubble is a result of systemic over - investment without regard for actual returns .
It is guaranteed to burst , and the result will be an entire generation of Americans who will not have any of the skills of higher education .
Recently I was in the US to shoot a few stories and one of those took me through New Orleans .
As I was passing through I was of course drawn to the architecture .
It 's certainly a place like no other , and one I have n't visited before .
Much is of course changed since the devastating floods of 2005 and whilst in town a colleague and I met up with a few of those helping to rebuild the city , but that 's for another day .
On the photographic front I was drawn to look again at the pictures of the town by Walker Evans .
Now Evans is one of those photographers you either get or do n't .
Many just can't see why his work is held in such high regard .
Evans is best known for the pictures he shot for the Farm Security Administration documenting amongst other things the effects of the Great Depression in the US of the 1930s and for his book with writer James Agee , Let Us Now Praise Famous Men .
His portrait of Allie Mae Burroughs , a cotton tenant farmer 's wife in Alabama , was part of Evans ' collaboration with the writer
Agee whose words gave context to the pictures , he described Allie Mae as a mother " whose body already at 27 is so wrung and drained and old , a scrawny infinitely tired , delicate animal " .
Evans attempt at objectivity and Agee 's personal responses makes for a powerful mix .
But to return to his New Orleans work then the shot above of a shop front in 1935 bears all his trademarks from the work of that time .
Full frontal photographs of buildings which are often covered in text , usually in the form of advertising signs .
Evans photographs are at fist glance simple depictions of a place .
The barber shop focuses on the sign writing , the poorly spaced words , the home made feel of the whole affair , the uneven stripes .
Evans has used this as the central theme to hold the frame together , neatly dividing the space .
The other Evans picture below is also from New Orleans and again a passing glance makes the viewer wonder why he has framed it so tightly .
Yet , what is the picture about .
Again the central theme is the text , the words , and the iconography of the street .
Seen today it looks quaint , yet then it was as fresh as a shot of a supermarket sign is today , or a shot of building condemned following the floods .
And that 's where the documentary angle kicks in .
Evans photographs uses the signs to signify what is available at a time of great depression .
The pictures are as straight and objective as they can be .
Yes Evans has chosen what to photograph , editing the world to his vision , but they are none the less a record of those times that should be treasured .
Yesterday , two men were arrested in Tacoma , WA for operating a dispensary commonly known as ‘ North End Club 420 . ’
Club 420 was not the only dispensary in the State of Washington ; dispensaries have been popping up since last year .
I have always been blown away that people would have the balls to open up a dispensary , when it is clearly illegal in that state .
Now , before some readers get heated and think that I do n’t support dispensaries , calm down , I am FOR dispensaries .
However , when people get gung ho and open one up before it is legally recognized by the home state , it can come back to haunt the movement .
I know there are several readers out there that think dispensaries are legal in the State of Washington .
I really hate to break it to you , but they are undeniably illegal right now .
If you go to the Washington State Department of Health ’s website , and click on their ‘ Frequently Asked Questions , ’ you will see that questions ten and eleven clearly deal with this issue .
Here is an excerpt taken directly from the above link :
Q : How do I get medical marijuana ?
Can I buy it ?
A : The law allows a qualifying patient or designated provider to grow medical marijuana .
It is not legal to buy or sell it .
Q : Are dispensaries legal ?
A : No .
The law does not allow dispensaries .
The law only allows qualifying patients and designated providers to possess medical marijuana .
It does n’t get more cut and dry then that .
I have read EVERY state ’s MMJ website ( that has one ) , and while most are clueless on this issue , or do n’t address it clearly , the State of Washington gets straight to the point .
Most other websites say ‘ contact your local municipality or an attorney for more information . ’
I ’m sure these two men will try to fight the charges , but in the end , their struggles will be probably be fruitless .
Club 420 opened in December .
“ We help patients establish safe legal grows , teach patients how to maintain their gardens , provide quality genetics , and even help provide cannabis for patients waiting to harvest , ” the group wrote on its website .
“ We are NOT here to reap incredible financial rewards from the pain and suffering of patients and the legal disadvantages built into the current legislation .
We got together because , as patients , we found we had no one to turn to for help , except one another . ”
Naturally , the narcotics investigators had a different perception of Club 420 .
“ The club appears to be making thousands of dollars in unreported tax - free income from selling drugs to persons who may not qualify and profiting from taking advantage of those who have a legitimate and authorized medical need to use marijuana , ” according to a statement released by the narcotics team .
According to media reports , a narc made several purchases at the club , despite not having ANY documentation .
Also , the article I read stated , “ The buys were conducted in ‘ a manner that clearly indicates the organization is selling marijuana to multiple persons at a price which is even higher than it would cost to purchase on the street , ’ according to the narcotics team . ”
I do n’t know if the price gouging allegations are true , but if they are , then shame on these men .
The purpose of a dispensary is to HELP patients by increasing access to medicine and providing it at an affordable price .
If you can get it cheaper on the street , then why in the hell would anyone ever go to a dispensary ?
If you look at the second link I included in this story , there is a dispensary in Spokane , WA called ‘ Change . ’
The dispensary opened in 2009 , and is owned by Christopher Stevens , Noah Zarate , and Scotte Shupe .
The article describes a transaction between the dispensary and a patient named ‘ Judy . ’
The article says , “ When she settled on what she wanted , Judy pulled $ 80 from her billfold and handed it to Stevens .
He unscrewed a jar lid , fetched 5 grams of a variety called ‘ Snow Cap , ’ weighed it , put it in a baggie … ”
Did you get that — 5 grams for 80 bucks !
That is practically highway robbery where I am from ( and Oregon is not that far away from WA you know ! ) .
Maybe there are rookies out there that think it ’s a good deal , but to a seasoned medical marijuana grower like me , that is total crap .
The standard on the Pacific Northwest streets is 80 bucks for 7 grams ( even for the supers ) , and considering that dispensaries are supposed to make it EASIER for the patient , I would expect their prices to be BETTER than the street .
However , due to greed or some other crazy logic , it sounds like patients that are unable to grow their own medicine are being taken advantage of by some dispensary owners in Washington .
If you are going to open a dispensary in Washington , you should be extremely careful , because they are illegal .
But IF you are going to open one ( that ’s a huge if ) , do us all a favor and charge fair prices , and do n’t sell to non-med patients ; it gives the entire movement a black eye when you let your greed take over , and its going to prevent dispensaries from coming to WA in the future !!
Sarah Glenn discusses her relationship with the other spinners after her Player of the Match performance in the 2nd T20I .
( 0:27 )
Sarah Glenn knows she 's part of something " special " so while she appreciates what she has from within , team - mates and fans can marvel at an exciting era in England women 's cricket .
Named Player of the Series after England 's 5 - 0 sweep of their T20I series against West Indies on Wednesday night , Glenn is one element in a three - pronged spin attack that looks set to feature internationally for years to come .
The variety offered by left - armer Sophie Ecclestone , the world 's No.1 T20I bowler , Glenn 's legspin and the offspin of Mady Villiers gives England a raft of options .
Plus , Ecclestone and Glenn are just 21 and Villiers 22 .
" It 's really special , " Glenn said of being part of the close - knit trio .
" I absolutely love it .
We click really well together on and off the field and I feel like I can just go and talk to them about anything .
" We help each other on the pitch , talk about what the pitch is doing , how they 're playing , what 's the best ball and then time off the pitch is great , we all have a great laugh .
We 're just really happy for each other , seeing each other do well , it 's really exciting to see . "
Sophie Ecclestone and Sarah Glenn arrive for the final T20I vs West Indies Getty Images
She echoed similar sentiments at this year 's T20 World Cup in Australia from Ecclestone , who spoke of their " spin companionship " .
" They are some of my best friends now , and it 's really nice to have them performing well and winning games for England , " Ecclestone said in March .
" It 's a dream come true really . "
Heather Knight , the England captain knows she 's been dealt an exceptional hand .
" It 's great to have , " Knight says .
" We 've obviously got a lot of experience in our seam department and those spinners just give us a few different options so we can match up against different batters .
In T20 , that 's very important .
They can take wickets , control other teams ' batters in different conditions .
It 's really pleasing . "
ALSO READ : Knight , five others head to WBBL
What struck Knight most about her spinning youth brigade during the series against West Indies was their courage , epitomised in Glenn 's lbw dismissal of Deandra Dottin in the second T20I , a full , looping legbreak that Dottin aimed to sweep and missed .
" Sophie and Sarah have been consistently in the side for a long time now and really done well for us , " Knight said " To see Mady take her opportunity like that - she obviously did n't bowl in the first game due to a few tactical bits , but yeah really delighted for them .
" They 've been really brave as well , you saw Sarah Glenn get Deandra out the other day by tossing the ball up , and if you do n't quite get that right you know it 's going to go the distance .
" It 's been really pleasing to see them be really brave in how they go about things in looking to take wickets which is something we want to keep on doing as a side - something we 've addressed since the World Cup that we want to get better at , taking wickets particularly through that middle period - and those spinners are a massive part of that . "
Glenn 's seven wickets for the series against West Indies came at an average of 12.00 and an economy rate of 5.60 .
Her 46 runs included a valuable 26 from 19 balls which rescued England from 96 for 6 and carried them to a what proved to be a winning total in a Player - of - the - Match performance in the second fixture .
While Ecclestone played her first T20I as a 17 - year - old in 2016 , Glenn only made her international debut last December , against Pakistan in Kuala Lumpur in the lead - up to the T20 World Cup , and she went on to impress in four matches at the global tournament , claiming six wickets .
Villiers also truly came into the reckoning for England during that warm - up series in Malaysia having played just one international match , a T20I against Australia during the Ashes the previous July .
She had to wait until the last group match against West Indies to feature at the T20 World Cup , but she dismissed Shemaine Campbelle with her fourth ball , a sharp return catch in a wicket maiden .
Villiers ' fielding is seen as a huge asset and there are several observers keen to see her given more of a chance with the bat as well as the ball .
Ecclestone has the ability to hit big and Glenn 's innings in the second match against West Indies prompted her to declare her ambition to become a genuine allrounder .
Mady Villiers forms part of England 's formidable spin trio Getty Images
It is a prospect Charlotte Edwards , the former England captain and now Sky Sports commentator , sees in the future for all three England spinners .
" They 're so exciting as a three , " Edwards said .
" All very different , so young , but in many ways quite experienced now .
It 's unbelievable really to think how good they are and how good they can be .
" I think with the three of them it's their batting that 's the exciting element for me as well , not only are they going to be world - class bowlers but I think they 're going to be really handy allrounders .
" To have to have some hard - hitting batters coming in down the lower order as well as world - class bowlers , that 's so exciting .
The sky 's the limit for them all , I think . "
Laura MacLeod , the former England international who is now Director of West Midlands Women 's Cricket - one of the eight regional hubs for the domestic women 's game - played against a teenage Ecclestone at club level .
She saw then that Ecclestone was on the right path to the England team .
McLeod has also been impressed by Glenn , who played two matches for her Central Sparks outfit in the Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy , and by what she has seen of Villiers .
" It 's really exciting , " McLeod said .
" It 's just a coach 's dream to have a left - armer , to have a leggy and an offie that have all got talent and they 're not just talented with the ball they can all bat as well .
The future for England , from a spin point of view is certainly bright . "
Sports are fun to play but they are also just as fun to watch thanks to a rich history of crazy fans and sports - specific or even team - specific traditions that have spanned across the decades .
So while we fans are n’t scoring the game - winning goal , we still get heavily involved in the sport and in our teams through a number of ways .
Below are just ten of the many traditions that have defined the “ sport ” of watching sports .
By no means is this a comprehensive list – it was hard enough just narrowing down the list to ten even when I limited myself to only professional sports – so feel free to include any traditions , rituals and / or superstitions you want to share in the comments !
The abbreviations in the list are as follows : NHL ( National Hockey League ) , NFL ( National Football League – American football ) , MLB ( Major League Baseball ) , NBA ( National Basketball Association ) , FIFA ( International Federation of Association Football )
10 C of Red
The best way to show support for your favorite team is to proudly wear the team colors .
Greater solidarity comes from tens of thousands of your fellow sports fanatics all wearing the same color .
Its beginnings may have come from the NHL’s Calgary Flames during the 1986 Stanley Cup Finals .
The Edmonton Oilers ’s fans were in the midst of “ Hat Trick Fever ” as they tried to win their third consecutive championship .
In response to Hat Trick Fever , Calgary promoted “ C of Red ” to encourage their fans to come dressed in entirely red .
During next year ’s first round playoffs , Calgary ’s opponent responded with the “ Winnipeg White Out ” .
Now it is extremely popular in US Universities like Penn State ’s Code Blue and Virginia Tech ’s Orange / Maroon Effect .
9 South Africa ’s Vuvuzela
This is a fairly recent fixture in the FIFA scene even though the vuvuzela has been popular in South African games since the 1990s .
The vuvuzela is a simply blow horn originally made of tin but mass - produced in plastic for games .
Blowing through the mouth as you would a trumpet , the vuvuzela emits a loud monotone note similar to elephant trumpets .
It ’s stirred up some controversy because there are many who are trying to have them banned from the upcoming 2010 World Cup .
The complains range from “ too loud ” to “ not fit for a sports arena . ”
The vuvuzela supporters say that it does n’t detract from the game anymore than anything else that fans have with them and that it is a strong part of the South African culture .
8 The Hat Trick
This popular hockey tradition may have gotten its inspiration from the sport of cricket .
In cricket , a hat trick happens when a bowler dismisses three batsmen with consecutive deliveries .
The custom crossed over to hockey with Ontario ’s Biltmore Mad Hatters .
When one of the players scored three goals in a game , the team owner Mr. Biltmore would present him with a new fedora .
Many stories describe Mr. Biltmore throwing his top hat onto the ice to salute the player and soon enough , the fans also tossed their own hats onto the ice .
After they are collected , the hats are either donated , thrown away or saved for a gigantic transparent case that showcases the franchise ’s hat trick history .
7 Food Races
During intermissions , many fans will race to the concession stand to grab some more food before the game resumes .
In certain stadiums , the food does the running !
The most famous is the Klement ’s Sausage Race at Miller Park ( home of the MLB ’s Milwaukee Brewers ) .
The tradition began in the early 90s as a computer animation race on the scoreboard but they made their first live appearance in 1994 .
At the bottom of the sixth inning of every Milwaukee Brewers home game , employees of Miller Park and a select few highly honored guest wieners don the seven foot three inch foam costumes and race from third base down to home plate and back up to first base .
To date there are five sausages : Brett Wurst the bratwurst , Stosh the Polish sausage , Guido the Italian sausage , Frankie Furter the hot dog and Cinco the Chorizo .
Bratwurst is currently the race leader with eighteen wins .
The race gained fame outside of baseball in July 2003 when then - Pittsburgh Pirate Randall Simon used a bat to hit Guido ( worn by employee Mandy Block ) on the sausage ’s head .
Given where he hit Guido , the bat never came near Mandy Block ’s head but since the costume is so top - heavy , Guido easy fell down and took Hot Dog down as well .
Simon was arrested , given a fine and suspended by the MLB for three games .
Despite reprimands by the authorities , some found the situation comical .
Mandy Block asked for Simon ’s autograph on the infamous bat and t- shirt companies made a tidy profit with shirts saying “ Do n’t whack our weiner ! ”
6 The Terrible Towel
The Terrible Towel is as much a symbol of the NFL ’s Pittsburgh Steelers as their three - star logo .
Its creation comes from the mid-1970s after the Steelers won their first ever Super Bowl in 1974 and were strong contenders at the 1975 playoffs after winning twelve of fourteen games during the regular season .
Around that time , general manager Ted Atkins , sales manager Larry Gerrett and broadcaster Myron Cope brainstormed ideas to market of the team ’s success .
The first idea was a mask of head coach Chuck Noll but was dismissed due to price issues .
The next idea was the more cost - effective “ Terrible Towel ” because it was cheap , durable and easy to carry around .
They had less than two weeks to promote the Terrible Towel so Myron Cope went on TV and radio telling people to bring , buy or dye a dish towel yellow , gold or black .
By the next game , somewhere between 30,000 - 50,000 fans were spinning towels over their heads and the numbers have only grown since then .
The following year , the Steeler ’s franchise printed the official Terrible Towel image onto bright yellow towels and the tradition became official .
All proceeds from Terrible Towel sales go to the Allegheny Valley School , which is “ a residential and educational facility for children and adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities . ”
To date , the Terrible Towel has made over $ 2.5 million for the Allegheny Valley School .
5 Bleacher Roll Call
At the old Yankee baseball Stadium , the fans in section 39 had a history of bad behavior .
They heckled visiting teams and high school marching band students , they ignored the warnings of stadium ushers , and they even badgered fellow Yankee fans who were n’t part of their tight - knit group known as the Bleacher Creatures .
As a result of the bad attitudes , section 39 lacked access to the rest of the stadium and beer sales were banned in just that area .
However , negotiations between the Yankee organization and the Bleacher Creatures ensured that the group would get to sit together in section 203 of the new Yankee Stadium in exchange for a some changes to a few of their more belligerent Bleacher Creature traditions .
Now seen more as ‘ extremely loyal fans ’ rather than a group of nasty hecklers , Yankee home games are n’t really complete until they deliver their Bleacher Roll Call .
At the top of the first inning , “ Bald Vinny ” Milano shouts the name of a Yankee player and the entire section will chant that particular baseball player ’s name until he recognizes the Bleacher Creatures with a wave or salute .
They will go down lineup until every Yankee player is called .
4 The Playoff Beard
This is a tradition that started with the NHL ’s New York Islanders .
From 1980 to 1983 , the team won the championship and lifted Lord Stanley ’s cup high above their whiskered faces .
Since then , many teams and their fans have put away the razorblade for the duration of their playoff run .
In addition to discussing team strategies and playoff series , fans also get into debates over which players can grow the best , worst or the most nonexistent playoff beard .
Many teams will also sponsor Beard - A - Thons in which players and fans grow a playoff beard to fundraise money for various charities .
The Playoff Beard tradition is strongest within hockey but it has found its way into other sports through players like the NFL’s Jake Plummer and tennis pro Björn Borg .
3 The Unofficial Mascots
Fans love to show their support by wearing their team colors .
Some may take it to the next level with brightly - colored facepaint or tattoos ( whether temporary or not ) but there are a select few superfans who are dressed so bizarrely that everyone takes notice .
The NFL’s Washington Redskins have the Hogettes .
When the group was formed , no one had even thought it would become an unofficial football mascot .
As founder Michael Torbert describes it , he attended a Halloween Party at his grandmother ’s retirement home dressed in her tea party finest and he was so popular that he and his friends thought they could take this act to local hospitals to cheer up sick children .
As lifelong Redskins fans , they decided to go attend a game in their drag wear including pig snout masks referencing the offensive linesmen who were nicknamed the “ Hogs . ”
The Hogettes have become a fixture within the Redskins community and through their fame , they have found greater exposure for their many charities .
To date , the Hogettes have raised over $ 100 million for various charities like the Ronald McDonald House and the March of Dimes .
2 #1 Heckler
Heckling is one of the least favorable traditions in pro sports fandom but jeers and taunts are as common at games as the cheers and applause .
No one has a heckling career as quite as prestigious as that of Robin Ficker ( above ) , an ardent fan of the former Washington Bullets ( now known as the NBA ’s Washington Wizards ) .
For twelve years , Robin Ficker held season tickets to Washington Bullets games that were directly behind the visiting team ’s bench .
He would taunt players through his megaphone .
He made fun of coaches ’ outfits .
When the Chicago Bulls came to play , Ficker would read the sex passages of Bull ’s Coach Phil Jackson ’s 1975 autobiography “ Maverick . ”
He ’s had some supporters over the years , including basketball player Charles Barkley who had flown him to Phoenix when his team was in the finals against the Chicago Bulls .
In 1997 , the former Bullets moved to the MCI Center and Ficker decided not to renew his season tickets because the new seats were too far from the visitor ’s bench .
He faded from the sports world for focus on his political career but has recently taken to attending and heckling at wrestling matches at the University of Maryland .
1 Detroit ’s Lucky Octopus
A practice that remains strong for the Detroit Redwings of the NHL that ( hopefully ) wo n’t catch on with the other teams is the tossing of octopuses onto the rink .
The origins of this tentacled tradition began in 1952 when fewer NHL teams meant that the road to the Stanley Cup only took eight playoff wins .
To mark this occasion , brothers Pete and Jerry Cusimano threw the eight - legged creature onto the ice to represent the Redwing ’s eight games against the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Montreal Canadiens .
Since then , hundreds of octopuses have rained down onto the Redwing rink , including one tossed by Bob Dubisky and Larry Shotwell that weighed 50 lbs ( 22.68 kg ) .
With every octopus purchased for the purpose of tossing , the Superior Fish Market gives out an “ Octoquette ” which is a pamphlet of recommended guidelines for octopus tossing , including boiling the octopus for half an hour ( raw octopus tends to stick to the ice and leave a slimy residue when removed ) , launching them only after a Redwing goal as any other time may result in a Delay of Game penalty , and toss the octopus in a direction away from any players , officials and personnel .
The men the American people admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars ; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth .
~ H.L. Mencken
The war system ’s response to Gen. McChrystal ’s Rolling Stone interview is instructive .
It is a reminder that every Memorial Day should begin by honoring the first victim of every war : truth .
But as all wars are grounded in lies — the bloodier the war the more enormous the falsity of its foundation — truth becomes not only a casualty , but the enemy itself .
Calculated Chaos : Inst ... Butler D. Shaffer , But ... Best Price : $ 6.73 Buy New $ 41.95 ( as of 05:30 EST - Details )
Whether McChrystal ’s assessment was correct is not the point : it is the threat to the war racket of having insiders purporting to address the reality of war that so disturbs the state .
Men of the general ’s stature are expected to have greater access to evidence supporting their opinions , thus enhancing their credibility .
The public acceptance of war is the default position that perpetuates its insanity .
" Truth " is the input that " does not compute " within the logic of the war system , and the state undertakes every precaution — such as censorship , labeling documents and other discomforting facts as " top secret " — to silence any doubts that might be raised as to the validity of the propagandized campaign on behalf of death and destruction .
The annual ritual of gathering at the " Tomb of the Unknown Soldier " — is there even a body within it ? — is a convenient way of reinvesting popular commitments to hazy purposes .
The uncertainties and contradictions that attend the " fog of war " are more easily overlooked — or ignored — when the fallen soldiers , themselves , can be enshrouded in the cloak of being " unknown . "
If the soldiers who die are unfamiliar to us — fungible nonbeings who , like ourselves , have been conditioned to serve the state — how can the rest of us be expected to cut our ways through the cloudiness ?
As long as we are prepared to insist upon the protection of our ignorance ; to wave our flags when the cheerleaders so direct us ; and to regard war as but the expression of some imagined sense of " human nature , " this evil , institutionally - profitable racket will continue unabated .
The entire mess can then be synthesized into such an incoherent hodgepodge of confusing complexity that no one can be expected to make any sense of it .
As in trying to unravel the causation of recessions , depressions , and other dislocations — an effort that requires a basic understanding of economic principles that most of us have learned to dismiss as the " dismal science , " whose intricacies and subtleties are best left to institutional wizards and czars —
Boobus can take comfort in his ignorance of the critical events in his life .
Boundaries of Order : P... Butler D. Shaffer Best Price : $ 8.25 Buy New $ 989.90 ( as of 11:14 EST - Details )
Gen . McChrystal has discovered what so many others before him learned — from Socrates to Thomas More to Gen.
Smedley Butler to Sophie Scholl to Daniel Ellsberg to Seymour Hersh to untold governmental " whistleblowers " — even , more recently to Helen Thomas — that it is dangerous to speak truth not to power , but to ordinary people .
The owners of the political establishment know the truth ; they are fully aware of the lies they have fabricated ; the deceptions they — along with their obliging media and academic supporters — have carefully manipulated into a perception of " truth . "
The owners do n’t want you to know what they know .
Those who would dare to so inform you get labeled as " paranoid conspiracy theorists , " " disgruntled former employees , " " racists , " or " anti-Semitic . "
When I am asked if I believe in " conspiracy theories " of history , I respond — in the words of the late Chris Tame — " I am not interested in conspiracy theories , but in the facts of conspiracies . "
In Restraint of Trade : ... Butler Shaffer , Butler ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
There is one voice the establishment owners have been reluctant to silence , even years after his death .
Former President Eisenhower — who personified the " hero " of World War II to such a degree that both the Republican and Democratic parties wanted to nominate him — declared , in his farewell address that " we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence , whether sought or unsought , by the military - industrial complex . "
Perhaps it was his hands - on familiarity with war — unlike so many war - loving lounge - generals who never heard a shot fired in anger — that left within him such a distaste for the system .
But you and I are not to think such thoughts , nor to listen to those who do .
We are to believe the great lie that our family members and friends died to protect us , rather than to profit the corporate - state interests who create and manage the institutionalized carnage .
The institutionalized order cannot tolerate any deviation from the mindset it has worked so hard to maintain .
At least since the time of Gutenberg , it has been at war with any expressions that undermine the status quo .
Because life is a constant process of response to changing environments , practices that inhibit such resiliency can only diminish life .
This is why there is nothing so liberating as the free flow of information which , coupled with respect for the inviolability of property , allows people to engage in self - interested adaptations to their world .
A Foreign Policy of Fr... Paul , Ron Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 8.85 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
As the political establishment continues to collapse , its war against the transformative nature of information becomes intensified .
Efforts are currently being made by some politicians and governmental agencies to control the Internet ; to give to the president a " kill switch " that would allow him to shut down , on his dictatorial whim , this decentralized and unrestrained engine of communication whenever he considers it necessary for the interests of national security .
That Sen. Lieberman — the sponsor of such a bill — justifies the measure on the grounds that the Chinese government has such power , is indicative of just how strongly the established order feels threatened by free minds !
It is not that the existing power structure is concerned that " false " ideas , or " untrue " statements might be loosed upon society — it has long thrived on such practices — but that speakers and writers might step outside the permitted circle of opinion certified as " safe " by and for the guardians of our minds .
It was not that Helen Thomas ’s comments were objectionable — I , for one , criticized them on the grounds of the collectivist premise underlying them — but that she crossed the line about what free men and women are allowed to think about and discuss .
In this , as in all other matters , I remain an anarchist : people should be free to control their own lives and property — including the content of their minds — as they find useful to their own ends .
Perhaps former President Eisenhower can once again be called upon to advise the Liebermans , the Hillary Clintons , the Sen. Jay Rockefellers , and others who have predilections for tyrannizing the minds of their neighbors : " Do n’t join the book burners .
Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed . "
The Best of Butler Shaffer
A young Tennessee computer network designer now has a high - profile outlet to complain about speed cameras :
He bought the expiring website name of the Bluff City Police Department that gave him a $ 90 ticket , the Bristol Herald Courier reports .
" It 's kind of surprising that they 'd just let it lapse like that , " says Brian McCrary of Gray , Tenn. , who grabbed the domain name http://www.bluffcitypd.com after going to the site and noticing that it was to expire in late May .
He uses the website to post links about speed cameras -- and people who do n't like them .
Bluff City Police Chief David Nelson tells the newspaper that he does n't know much about computers and left the site in the hands of a officer who has been out on medical leave .
That officer apparently did n't see the e-mails from the hosting company warning that the domain name was expiring .
Nelson says the city is working with a different hosting and will soon be up with a new website .
Meanwhile , McCrary says he 's gotten 1,200 unique visitors to his new site -- and most seem to share his views about the speed camera out on U.S. Highway 11E that nabbed him : " Mot of the people think it 's a speed trap . "
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Harriet Harman 's ' unreliable statistics on rape scare off victims '
Harriet Harman was ordered to stop misleading the public about rape by an official inquiry report yesterday .
The Equalities Minister was accused of pumping out unreliable figures about the low number of rapists brought to justice , thus discouraging victims from reporting attacks .
The review by Baroness Stern appeared to put an end to years of claims by ministers that laws and criminal procedures for dealing with rape need radical reform because only six per cent of complaints end in a conviction .
Misleading : Harriet Harman has been given a second slap on the wrist - this time by Baroness Stern , right , over conviction statistics
The claim was even made by Miss Harman last September on the day she set up the Stern review .
But Lady Stern , a prison reform campaigner and human rights activist , called in her report for 'an end to the widespread use of misleading rape conviction data - in particular the six per cent conviction rate figure ' .
The six per cent figure relates to reported cases .
In fact , the conviction rate for those actually charged with rape is nearly two out of three , higher than comparable figures for other violent crime .
The report 's view is doubly humiliating for Miss Harman because it was she who set up the review .
' Discouraging ' : The ' unreliable ' figures are ' scaring off rape victims ' from reporting the crime
Instead of condemning low conviction rates and demanding legal reforms - as ministers have repeatedly done over the past six years - Lady Stern said there should be more help for victims and greater use of police intelligence to track down men who serially attack and rape strangers .
Her report said : ' The figure for convictions of those charged with rape as the term is normally used is actually 58 per cent .
' There is concern that the six per cent figure can make victims feel it is not worth reporting . '
Lady Stern added : ' The conviction rate has taken over the debate to the detriment of other important outcomes for victims .
' Prosecuting and convicting is of course important , but my view is that support and care for victims should be as high a priority .
' The obligations the state has to those who have suffered a violent crime , and a crime that strikes at the whole concept of human dignity and bodily integrity , are much wider than working for the conviction of a perpetrator . '
It was the second high - level slap on the wrist Labour 's deputy leader has received within a year over use of statistics to further her favoured political causes .
Last summer the watchdog UK Statistics Authority accused Miss Harman of ' undermining public trust ' by exaggerating the pay gap between men and women .
Baroness Stern 's report criticised ' sharp failures ' by police in the cases of John Worboys , a taxi driver who was convicted of 12 attacks on women and may have committed more than 100 , and Kirk Reid , suspected of 71 offences .
It called for sharing of police intelligence across London boroughs and for forces to consider specialist rape units .
Lady Stern also said the Ministry of Justice should study numbers of false rape accusations .
Because the alleged victim 's anonymity is guaranteed by law , critics say false claims can be made with impunity .
Her report said : ' This provokes strong feelings and is surrounded by controversy , which ... plays a part in responses to rape complainants . '
Lady Stern also said there should be an end to targets for rape convictions for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service ; better forensic examination of complainants ; better video evidence schemes for witnesses , improved compensation procedures for victims , and more explanation of sexual offences law to young people .
Miss Harman declined to comment .
Sweden has celebrated a royal wedding between Crown Princess Victoria and her former fitness trainer .
Victoria , 32 , tied the knot with 36 - year - old commoner Daniel Westling .
More than 1,200 guests , including royals from around the world , attended the lavish ceremony in Stockholm Cathedral .
The couple , who met in 2002 , later rode through the capital in a horse - drawn carriage as tens of thousands of people lined the streets .
Victoria was escorted down the aisle by her father .
She is first in line to succeed him .
After exchanging vows , the couple took to the same royal barge that Victoria 's parents , King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia , used on their wedding day exactly 34 years ago .
The newlyweds were transported to the Royal Palace , for an evening banquet with guests from around the world .
It is Sweden 's first royal wedding since 1976 .
Guests attending the festivities include the Norwegian and Danish royal families , Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands , Prince Albert of Monaco , and the UK's Earl and Countess of Wessex .
As Crown Princess Victoria 's husband , gym owner Mr Westling has assumed the title of Prince Daniel , Duke of Vastergotland .
Sweden 's monarchy has no political power , but the king or queen represents the nation and greets foreign dignitaries .
i bashed in heads
apparently my preferred weapon is a baseball bat .
i ran through abandoned suburbs
on sunny days chasing flesh eating
former humans .
i fled to the safety zone again and again
but throughout my dream
( and this is where it crossed into reality )
i left the safety zone repeatedly
to hit the grocery store .
wanting cheetoes ( the organic puffy kind )
seeking runts and nerds and french baguettes
and donuts .
beer .
always more zombies for beer .
they crowd in the rotten produce isles
if you enter just right you can escape without notice .
last night i had my first zombie dream .
it was n’t scary at all .
but now i’m more fearful of an outbreak .
the reality of my unwillingness to stay safe
without beer
is terrifying .
Het was een kwestie van tijd voordat een museum het werk van Aakash Nihalani zou oppikken .
Deze New Yorkse kunstenaar maakt met niets meer dan plakband figuren die driedimensionaal lijken en ook nog eens vol [… ]
JAIL officials say a father accused of trying to sell his baby for $ US25 ( $ 29 ) outside a Walmart is recovering after other jail inmates beat him .
Thirty - eight - year - old Patrick Fousek and 20 - year - old Samantha Tomasini pleaded not guilty to child endangerment and drug charges yesterday .
The Monterey County Herald reports that Fousek appeared in court with a bruised eye and stitches .
Sheriff 's Commander Mike Richards said the man was attacked on Thursday at the Monterey County Jail .
He also suffered two cracked ribs and is now being held away from the general population .
Fousek is accused of approaching two women on Wednesday and asking if they 'd like to purchase his six - month - old baby .
He and Tomasini were arrested a few hours later at their home , and Child Protective Services took the baby .
Originally published asDad bashed after ' hawking baby for $ 29 '
Google 's out with Android 2.2 — codename : Froyo — and so far we 're impressed .
But what is it , exactly ?
Advertisement
It 's a mobile platform ...
Froyo ( following Google 's adorable alphabetized dessert naming convention ) is the latest iteration of Android , Google 's mobile operating system .
Simple enough !
If you bought an Android phone recently , Froyo's what it will eventually be running .
Advertisement
... with a slightly different look ...
Aside from the nice touch of being greeted by an Android icon at start - up , Froyo users can also expect a new homescreen widget .
There are some other minor aesthetic changes , and transitions and animations seem a bit smoother , but the user experience is n't all that different from using 2.1 on a Nexus One .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
... that supports USB tethering and acts as a portable hotspot ...
Another piece of news we'd heard but are ecstatic to see confirmed : Froyo lets you turn your phone into a hotspot — including for your Wi -Fi iPad , if you 're so inclined .
( Or any other Wi -Fi device . )
It 's still not confirmed if every Android carrier will support tethering ( AT&T ? ) , but Froyo 's definitely capable .
Advertisement
Advertisement
... that 's way faster than its predecessor ...
We 'd heard previous reports that Android 2.2 was going to be ridiculously faster than Android 2.1 , and today we saw it first hand : Froyo is up to 5 x faster than Eclair , thanks to a just - in - time compiler .
And that 's just the OS ; Google 's also claiming that Froyo has the world 's fastest mobile browser , period .
Advertisement
Advertisement
... that supports Flash 10.1 ...
Android 2.2 supports Flash 10.1 — important , because Flash 10.1 is optimized to run on mobile devices .
And more than finally killing off those little question mark cubes that litter the web on your phone , it 'll also be a huge differentiator for Google in the fight against Apple .
There 's a line in the sand , and Adobe and Google are on the same side of it .
Advertisement
It may turn out that Flash on mobiles is a bad idea , but at least now you 'll have a choice .
Advertisement
... that updates apps and music OTA ...
Speaking of leapfrogging the iPhone : with Froyo , when you download an app to your computer you do n't need to tether your phone .
Instead , the update will automatically be installed over - the - air to your device .
Same goes with music you buy .
Hear that , iPhone users ?
No syncing required .
Advertisement
... that streams your music ...
You 'll also be able to stream your ( non -DRM ) iTunes library wirelessly to your Froyo phone .
Advertisement
... that 's introducing a bevy of new app features ...
Froyo gives hardware compass access to the browser , handy for orienting maps according to which direction you 're facing .
You 'll be able to access the camera from the browser , as well .
Google continues to blur the difference between native and web apps .
Advertisement
Other tidbits : voice recognition for search and for Google Translate — the latter of which , when plugged into text to speech , makes a handy speech - to - speech translator .
There 's also a handy new application manager that 'll let you move apps to and run them off of an SD card and allows background updating .
Advertisement
... and that 's coming soon ( depending ) ...
Congratulations , Nexus
One users !
You 're guaranteed to be in the first Froyo update .
Everyone else , you 're just going to have to hold tight ; firmware updates are largely up to the carriers and OEMs , and some poor saps only got their Android 2.1 upgrade in the last week .
The more recent Android handsets should see an update in the next few months .
Advertisement
You 're caught up on Froyo !.
Now you can check out what 's going on with Google TV .
Advertisement
It looks as if the Louisiana Shrimp and Petroleum Festival is still going ahead this year .
" Please join us for our 75th annual festival to be held September 2 - 6 , 2010 , in picturesque downtown Morgan City , Louisiana , " says its website .
" This is an event that will prove that oil and water really do mix . "
Morgan City , a small town dependent on both shrimping and the oil trade , lies about 70 miles west of New Orleans and is still untouched by the BP oil slick .
But you 'd have thought that the disaster , which threatens the very survival of Louisiana 's seafood industry , would have made Morgan City feel a little uneasy about celebrating " the unique way in which these two seemingly different industries work hand - in - hand culturally and environmentally in this area of the ' Cajun Coast ' , " but it does n't seem to have .
I 've been staying for a few days with my old friend Julia Reed and her husband John in their magnificent , Greek - revival house in the Garden District of New Orleans , a leafy neighbourhood of Victorian merchant palaces far removed from the noise and congestion of the picturesque French Quarter .
They had just bought and renovated their house when they precipitately had to abandon it to Hurricane Katrina , which it mercifully survived almost intact .
It was in Julia 's book about the experience that I learned of the existence of the Shrimp and Petroleum Festival , an heroic but doomed attempt by Louisianians to persuade themselves that the two main sources of their livelihood are compatible .
The importance they attach to both industries explains the fact that there is almost as much anger with President Obama for ordering a moratorium on deepwater oil - drilling , thus threatening the survival of the Louisiana oil industry , as there is with BP for polluting its fishing grounds and oyster beds .
A visitor to New Orleans at the moment would n't realise at first that anything was amiss .
The oil that is washing up elsewhere on the state 's shores does n't yet encroach on its main city , which , having finally emerged from the Katrina nightmare , is full of life and bustle .
But you soon sense the anxiety and anger that people are feeling – the " small people " , as the chairman of BP misguidedly called them this week .
They are not only fearful for their futures ; they feel overlooked and neglected by Washington .
New Orleanians are convinced that elsewhere in America such a disaster would not have been allowed to happen ; or that if it did happen , in , say , New York or California , urgent and decisive action would have been taken by the federal government to mitigate its effects .
President Bush 's botched response to Hurricane Katrina , and a belief that the Mississippi would never in any case have broken its banks if the levees had been properly maintained , has left New Orleanians drained of confidence in Washington and its ways .
Despite President Obama 's four visits to the area , his promise to restore the Gulf Coast to its former glory , and his widely lauded achievement in getting BP to put aside 20 billion dollars to cover compensation claims , an opinion poll yesterday found that most Louisianians think that Bush handled Katrina better than Obama is handling the oil disaster .
The president must partly blame himself for this perception .
Despite being begged to take control of the clean - up away from the hated BP , he has looked too often like a helpless observer of events .
When he said he would fire Tony Hayward , the BP chief executive , if he were working for him , and that he was looking around to see " whose ass to kick " , he merely reinforced this impression .
Carl - Henric Svanberg 's insistence on Wednesday that he cared about " small people " is the latest in a series of gaffes by BP that have convinced Louisianians that the company is arrogant and heartless .
( " We 're not small people , " said one New Orleans resident , quoted in the Washington Post .
" We 're human beings .
They 're no greater than us .
We do n't bow down to them . " )
Before Svanberg 's " slip in translation " Hayward had been the main culprit .
When he said " I would like my life back " , he seemed to forget that 11 oil rig workers had lost their lives for ever .
And it did n't go down well when he said that the " oil spill " ( as it is strangely called , even when millions of tonnes of the stuff are involved ) was small compared to the size of the ocean ; or when he said he anticipated getting " lots of illegitimate [ compensation ] claims " because " this is America " .
There is no doubt that BP is hated in New Orleans .
The popular Rivershack Tavern has created a new cocktail called " gold shit " in honour of the company that " has ruined our waters " .
A friend of mine filled up his car at a petrol station at which the BP sunburst logo had been clumsily covered up by the shell emblem of a rival oil company .
Even so , I can't say I have found any evidence that loathing of BP has turned into loathing of the British in general .
But it could be there and unspoken , for New Orleanians are habitually polite to tourists , whoever they may be .
There was one ugly moment at Felix 's oyster bar on the Rue Iberville when an American friend thought it would be amusing to introduce me as a BP representative .
There was a momentary look of murder in the oyster shucker 's eyes , but he must have decided it was a joke , for he was perfectly friendly thereafter .
I rewarded him with a large tip .
• This article was amended on 18 June 2010 .
The original referred to New Orleans as Louisiana 's capital .
This has been corrected .
“ Best Worst Movie , ” a funny - sad documentary about the 1990 horror movie disaster “ Troll 2 , ” tries to pin down the alchemy that transports a film from reject bin to cult favorite .
When that goal proves elusive , the director , Michael Paul Stephenson , settles for one closer to home : a touching and at times uncomfortable portrait of people making peace with an unwanted past .
Perhaps none more so than the director himself .
A freckled 10 - year - old when he starred in “ Troll 2 , ” Mr. Stephenson views the role as the nail in the coffin of his acting career .
One co-star refuses to put the movie on her résumé ( “ I just want it to go away ” ) , while another admits to arriving on the set courtesy of a day - release program from the local mental hospital .
Ranging from hilarious to troublingly intrusive , these encounters reveal a production doomed by ineptitude and the fractured English of its Italian director , Claudio Fragasso .
“ They know nothing , ” Mr. Fragasso grumbles at a sold - out Manhattan revival screening , deeply hurt by the audience ’s laughter .
Pained in another way is George Hardy , the father in “ Troll 2 ” and this film ’s genial anchor .
An Alabama dentist overflowing with folksy bonhomie , Dr. Hardy has so fully embraced his belated celebrity that the discovery of an adulation gap prompts a rare moment of mean - spiritedness .
Underscoring historic recent gains in global health , the number of children younger than 5 who die this year will fall to 7.7 million , down from 11.9 million two decades ago , according to new estimates by population health experts .
But as much of the world makes strides in reducing child mortality , the U.S. is increasingly lagging and ranks 42nd globally , behind much of Europe as well as the United Arab Emirates , Cuba and Chile .
Twenty years ago , the U.S. ranked 29th in the child mortality rate , according to data analyzed by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington .
The estimates , derived from modeling based on international birth records and other sources , are being published Monday in the British medical journal the Lancet .
Singapore , the country with the lowest child mortality rate in the world at 2.5 deaths per 1,000 children , cut its rate by two - thirds between 1990 and 2010 .
Serbia and Malaysia , which were ranked behind the U.S. in 1990 , cut their rates by nearly 70 % and now are ranked higher .
The U.S. , which is projected to have 6.7 deaths per 1,000 children this year , saw a 42 % decline in child mortality , a pace that is on par with Kazakhstan , Sierra Leone and Angola .
“ There are an awful lot of people who think we have the best medical system in the world , ” said Dr. Christopher Murray , who directs the institute and is an author of the study .
“ The data is so contrary to that . ”
Even many countries that already had low child mortality rates , such as Sweden and France , were able to cut their rates more rapidly than the U.S. over the last two decades .
“ It ’s really just hard to fathom , ” said Laura Beavers , national Kids Count coordinator for the Annie E. Casey Foundation , one of the nation ’s leading advocates for children ’s health .
The U.S. mortality rates defy traditional explanations , such as a nation ’s diversity , high number of immigrants and persistent pockets of poverty , Murray said .
Australia , another diverse country with a large immigrant population , cut its child mortality rate over the last two decades more than the U.S. Australia now ranks 26th in the world .
Murray said high child mortality rates were not limited to black and Latino populations in the U.S.
In fact , researchers have found high rates among higher - income whites , a group that traditionally has better access to medical care .
The data instead suggest broader problems with the nation ’s fragmented , poorly planned healthcare system , Murray and other healthcare experts say .
Although the U.S. spends nearly twice as much per capita on healthcare as most other industrialized countries , researchers are finding substantially higher levels of preventable deaths from diseases such as diabetes and pneumonia .
Another recent study by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation found that the rate of deaths among women giving birth has actually increased in the U.S. over the last two decades .
“ We certainly have outstanding medical science and centers of excellence that rival the best in the world , ” said Cathy Schoen , an expert on global health systems at the nonpartisan Commonwealth Fund .
“ But many other countries have been putting many more resources into thinking about how they can improve . …
They have been far more strategic . ”
That is one of the main reasons the recently enacted healthcare law is so important , many healthcare experts say .
The bill not only expands insurance coverage but gives providers incentives to improve quality and better coordinate care and makes it easier for Americans to get preventive medical care .
There is more encouraging data about progress elsewhere in the world .
Although child mortality remains extremely high in several regions — including sub-Saharan Africa , where in some countries 1 in 7 children die before their fifth birthday — mortality rates are falling at an accelerating rate , according to the institute ’s research .
That in part reflects efforts to expand vaccinations for diseases such as measles and to give antiretroviral drugs to pregnant women infected with HIV , said Dr. Mickey Chopra , chief of health and associate director of programs at UNICEF .
Chopra and others said initiatives to distribute mosquito netting to reduce malaria infections , provide Vitamin A supplements to children and encourage more breast - feeding are also having an effect .
Global public health advocates hope to be able to make more progress as efforts get underway to distribute antibiotics to combat pneumonia and dysentery in the developing world .
“ I am even more excited about the next five years , ” Chopra said , adding that such progress was almost inconceivable a few years ago .
Researchers found the fastest rates of decline over the last two decades in many countries in Latin America and North Africa .
Other countries with slow rates of decline include Britain , New Zealand and South Korea , which have all fallen in the international rankings since 1990 .
All three are still ahead of the U.S .
noam.levey@latimes.com
The eight World Cup second round matches are spread over the course of four days .
Here ’s previews for the first half …
Uruguay v South Korea
Uruguay have been one of the most impressive teams so far – playing for and achieving a draw against France , destroying South Africa and recording a solid 1 - 0 victory over Mexico .
They started the competition with a 3 - 5 - 2 shape , which became more like a 5 - 3 - 2 when the wing - backs had to contain France ’s wingers .
They ’ve since switched to a 4 - 3 - 1 - 2 with Diego Forlan playing behind the main two forwards , and they ’ll surely play the same formation after their two wins .
South Korea ’s first XI is fairly predictable .
The only changes they ’ve made so far have been at right - back , bringing in Oh Bum - Suk against Argentina – but he was the worst player on the pitch , so Cha Du-Ri has regained his place .
The formation will probably be 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 .
Playing Park Ji-Sung on the left - hand side might be useful to track the forward runs of Maxi Pereira , although he was fielded in the centre of the three against Argentina .
Picking up Forlan is the obvious task – with two holding midfielders , Korea will have a man tracking him , but must worry this will concede the midfield ground to Uruguay .
Korea should look to play down their left - hand - side , because Uruguay ’s shape tends to be slightly lopsided .
Alvaro Pereira , generally a left wing - back , is playing a more central role but tends to drift back out wide , sometimes meaning Uruguay look like two banks of four minus a right - sided midfielder .
USA v Ghana
The US start as favourites , but this one might suit Ghana tactically ; they will be content to sit back and soak up pressure , before hitting the US on the counter - attack .
The American full - backs have appeared a little slow in recovering their position after forays forward so far in the tournament , which will be perfect for the pacey Ghana wingers .
The best course of action for the US is to put the Ghana centre - backs under as much pressure as possible early on .
Ghana will probably have a 3 v 2 advantage in the centre of midfield , so more direct balls towards the strikers ( with Clint Dempsey and Landon Donovan supporting very close by , something they did particularly well against England ) might be a better approach than playing through midfield .
In particular , 20 - year - old Jonathan Mensah has looked slightly nervy so far , and Jozy Altidore should be able to get at him .
The midfield battle will probably be quite reserved .
Both central midfields generally sit deep rather than look to make penetrative runs , so they may play in front of each other , and create a slightly static contest .
The US will dominate possession and territory – but finding a way past Ghana ’s good defence wo n’t be easy .
This one calls for all of Bob Bradley ’s tactical ability – so far he ’s generally got his team playing better after half - time , but below - par first halves wo n’t be acceptable in the knockout stages .
Germany v England
If the two sides perform to the standard as they have so far in the competition , then England are in for a thrashing .
First and foremost , their ball retention must be far better .
As with all 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 v 4 - 4 - 2 battles , the main task for Fabio Capello is to work out how to deal with Mesut Ozil – the match - winner for Germany against Australia and Ghana .
Those two teams both allowed him far too much space between the lines , and it ’s likely that Gareth Barry will have the task of tracking him , something he did well against Algeria .
This would mean a numerical disadvantage further forward in midfield , where Frank Lampard would be forced to pick up the runs of both Sami Khedira and Bastian Schweinsteiger , so it ’s likely one of England ’s two strikers will be given more defensive responsibility when out of possession .
The natural man to do this is Wayne Rooney , who has consistently shown his defensive awareness throughout his career , particularly when playing on the wing for Manchester United .
However , Jermain Defoe has done well in recent months in this respect .
Capello wo n’t want Rooney to become overburdened defensively , nor will he want Defoe playing a permanently withdrawn role and negating the threat of his pace in behind the German defence – so it ’s likely they ’ll take it in turns to pick up the Germans ’ deepest holding midfielder – most likely Schweinsteiger , if fit .
Germany ’s most important player in a defensive sense could be Thomas Muller , on the right - hand side .
He ’s impressed at Bayern Munich for his discipline , and he ’ll be up against Ashley Cole , possibly England ’s best performer so far .
With Steven Gerrard always likely to drift in from the left , stopping Cole is vital because it gives England no natural left - sided option , and with them struggling to keep the ball in the centre of the pitch , makes their attacking threat rather basic .
German pressing will also be key – the distribution from England ’s centre - backs so far has been appalling , and putting them under pressure early on will expose this even further .
This all assumes that Fabio Capello will stick with 4 - 4 - 2 – but he shows no sign of ditching the system .
Argentina v Mexico
A fascinating contest , that Mexico might be reasonably well set up for with their fluid defensive system .
2 v 1 at the back against Gonzalo Higuain , Rafael Marquez marking Lionel Messi , the two Mexican full - backs picking up the Argentina wingers – Mexico might be able to blunt Argentina ’s attack .
That ’s easier said than done , of course , and the all - Barcelona Marquez v Messi contest might decide things .
Pace is the key in getting past the Argentina defence , who have maintained a surprisingly high line so far .
Getting the ball towards Giovani dos Santos as early as possible will surely be Mexico ’s main route of attack .
The probable return of Efrain Juarez ( after suspension ) in the centre of midfield will offer the other driving threat from midfield , and he could get the better of Javier Mascherano , who often becomes isolated in front of his defence .
In the one game Mexico have won so far , their biggest outlet has been Carlos Salcido , in the left wing - back position .
Against France he constantly stormed forward , stretched the play and swung crosses in – but against Uruguay , he was muted because of the presence of either Edinson Cavani or Luis Suarez .
Diego Maradona and Carlos Bilardo will look to occupy him , which means Carlos Tevez could revert to the right - sided role he played against Nigeria , rather than the left - sided one he played against South Korea .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Why can't they just suck it up , work together , provide each other APIs and make the experience better for the users ?
This pissing contest is just angering legit customers and lowering opinions of BOTH companies .
I just discovered ( via del.icio.us/ polular ) an extraordinary proof of the halting problem by linguist Geoffrey Pullum , now at the University of Edinburgh .
What ’s unusual about it is that it ’s written as a poem in the style of Dr. Seuss .
Geoffrey K. Pullum , Scooping the loop snooper :
An elementary proof of the undecidability of the halting problem .
Mathematics Magazine 73.4 ( October 2000 ) , 319-320 .
It ’s a marvelous proof , sure to liven up any undergraduate theory of computation class .
But I noticed errors in the proof — not logical errors , but a transcriptional ones in the form of a mangled word , perhaps introduced by an OCR system .
The third line of the fifth stanza reads “ that would take and program and call P ( of course ! ) ” which has problems in syntax , semantics , rhythm and meter .
I ’d guess it should be “ that would take any program and call P ( of course ! ) ” .
Similarly , “ the ” in the third line in the third stanza should probably be “ they ” .
Most of the online version I found had these errors , but I eventually found what I take to be a correct version on the QED blog .
I ’ve not been able to get to the original version in Mathematical Magazine to verify the corrected version which I include below .
Scooping the Loop Snooper an elementary proof of the undecidability of the halting problem Geoffrey K. Pullum , University of Edinburgh
No program can say what another will do .
Now , I wo n’t just assert that , I ’ll prove it to you :
I will prove that although you might work til you drop ,
you ca n’t predict whether a program will stop .
Imagine we have a procedure called P
that will snoop in the source code of programs to see
there are n’t infinite loops that go round and around ;
and P prints the word “ Fine ! ” if no looping is found .
You feed in your code , and the input it needs ,
and then P takes them both and it studies and reads
and computes whether things will all end as they should
( as opposed to going loopy the way that they could ) .
Well , the truth is that P cannot possibly be ,
because if you wrote it and gave it to me ,
I could use it to set up a logical bind
that would shatter your reason and scramble your mind .
Here ’s the trick I would use – and it ’s simple to do .
I ’d define a procedure – we ’ll name the thing Q –
that would take any program and call P ( of course ! )
to tell if it looped , by reading the source ;
And if so , Q would simply print “ Loop ! ” and then stop ;
but if no , Q would go right back to the top ,
and start off again , looping endlessly back ,
til the universe dies and is frozen and black .
And this program called Q would n’t stay on the shelf ;
I would run it , and ( fiendishly ) feed it itself .
What behaviour results when I do this with Q ?
When it reads its own source , just what will it do ?
If P warns of loops , Q will print “ Loop ! ” and quit ;
yet P is supposed to speak truly of it .
So if Q’s going to quit , then P should say , “ Fine ! ” –
which will make Q go back to its very first line !
No matter what P would have done , Q will scoop it :
Q uses P ’s output to make P look stupid .
If P gets things right then it lies in its tooth ;
and if it speaks falsely , it ’s telling the truth !
I ’ve created a paradox , neat as can be –
and simply by using your putative P .
When you assumed P you stepped into a snare ;
Your assumptions have led you right into my lair .
So , how to escape from this logical mess ?
I do n’t have to tell you ; I ’m sure you can guess .
By reductio , there cannot possibly be
a procedure that acts like the mythical P .
You can never discover mechanical means
for predicting the acts of computing machines .
It ’s something that can not be done .
So we users
must find our own bugs ; our computers are losers !
You can be happy , the rest of your life , with a Paraguay Girl .
Even the Italians , who had to settle for a troubling tie from the scrappy republic known primarily for its political unrest and its chief export , mandals .
Advertisement
So , sorry Italians and those of you in World Cup auctions who were banking on the easy three - point win this afternoon .
Just look at how happy she is ?
That 's top - heavy , bottomless joy , right there .
Advertisement
[ Pics courtesy this guy 's Twitter .
Tip courtesy Jovan J. ]
****
Thanks for your continued support of Deadspin .
Dash in a jiffy .
There 's only just under 30 hours left to donate to the pay - anything , charity - driven Humble Indie Bundle , if you have n't already , and to say thanks for the nearly $ 700,000 raised so far , they 've just made the deal even sweeter .
First , Machinarium developer Amanita Design has added their second point and click adventure Samorost 2 — still also compatible with Windows , Mac and Linux — into the package that already nets you 2D Boy 's World of Goo , Frictional 's horror - adventure Penumbra Overture , bit -Blot 's Aquaria , Wolfire 's rabbity - combat game Lugaru HD , and Cryptic Sea 's physics - based platformer Gish .
Second , a cryptic email by the bundle 's organizers has promised an ( apparently accidental ) surprise to anyone that pauses the above video around the 1:17 mark , which I 'll save you the trouble of doing and note that the copy states that if the bundle reaches the $ 1 million mark before it ends , the developers have promised to release the full source code for Gish , Penumbra and Lugaru .
With just $ 300,000 left to go before they hit that mark , it 's looking not entirely outside the realm of possibility .
Go !
The Humble Indie Bundle [ Wolfire ]
Es folgt der Börsen - Ticker zu wichtigen Kursbewegungen an den internationalen Finanzmärkten und ihren Ursachen : 12.15 Uhr - Die geplante Kapitalerhöhung lastet schwer auf den Aktien des britischen Triebwerksherstellers Rolls Royce .
Die Aktien geben bis zu 11,3 Prozent nach und notieren so niedrig wie seit 17 Jahren nicht mehr .
Die Experten von JPMorgan gehen davon aus , dass die Aktien während der über einen Zeitraum von sechs Wochen anstehenden Kapita
Reach new customers with Campaign Targeter
Arrow to indicate more links
If you know of a translation or would like to translate it to another language please let me know so that I can distribute or link to the translated versions .
Chapter 2 . Overview of A Keysigning Party
What is a Keysigning Party ?
A key signing party is a get - together of people who use the PGP encryption system with the purpose of allowing those people to sign each others keys .
Key signing parties serve to extend the web of trust to a great degree .
Key signing parties also serve as great opportunities to discuss the political and social issues surrounding strong cryptography , individual liberties , individual sovereignty , and even implementing encryption technologies or perhaps future work on free encryption software .
What is Keysigning ?
Key signing is act of digitally signing a public key packet and a user id packet that is attached to the key in that public key packet .
Key signing is done to verify that a given user id and public key really do belong to the entity that appears to own the key .
In more basic terms it is done to verify that the representation of identity in the user id packet is valid .
Usually , this means that the name on the PGP key matches the name on the identification the person is presenting to you when asking that you sign their key .
The term " public key " has two meanings in PGP terminology .
It can refer both to the actual public encryption key of a key pair or it can refer to the public encryption key of a key pair and the collection of associated signatures made upon that key as well as any encryption subkeys self - signed with that public key .
To avoid confusion in this document , I will use the term " public key " when refering to the key , signatures , and subkeys .
I will use the term " public key packet " when refering to the public encryption key of a key pair .
You can digitally sign your own public key packet and any associated id in that public key , or another entity 's public key packet and associated user ids .
Self signatures prevent adversaries from appending fake encryption or signature keys on your public key material while it is stored publicly or while it is being transmitted .
If an adversary were able to add a fake encryption or signature key , they could add a public key packet to which only they posses the private key .
This could result in an individual who wishes to communicate with you in secret inadvertently transmitting their communication to the person that serendipitously modified your public key in transit .
By default , GnuPG and most other implementation of the openPGP standard automatically perform self signature on all User ID packets generated for a public key .
In a sense , key signatures validate public keys .
They are an endorsement of validity of a public key packet and associated id by a third party .
This is the way in which key signing builds the web of trust .
What is the Web of Trust ?
" Web of trust " is a term used to describe the trust relationships between a group of keys .
A key signature is a link , or strand if you will , in the web of trust .
These links are called " Trust Paths " .
Trust paths can be bi-directional or only one way .
The ideal web of trust is one in which everyone is connected bi-directionally to everyone else .
In effect , everyone trusts that every key does in fact belong to its owner .
The web of trust can be thought of as the sum of all the trust paths , or links , between all key holding parties .
As a visual example , here is a graph of a web of trust that I belong to .
Figure 2.1 . An Example Web Of Trust Graph
Why should I hold a Keysigning Party ?
There are three primary reasons to hold as many key signing parties as you possibly can .
First , and perhaps most importantly , you should hold as many key signing parties as possible in order to expand the web of trust .
The deeper and more tightly inter - linked the web of trust is , the more difficult it is to defeat .
This is of special significance to the Free Software Community , for both developers and users alike .
Members of the community rely upon PGP technology to cryptographically protect the integrity of their software packages , security advisories , and announcements .
The strength and robustness of the web of trust is directly proportional to the strength of the protection PGP provides the community from security threats such as trojan horses , malware , viruses , and forged messages .
Second , key signing parties help others get integrated into the security culture and encourage them to gain an understanding of PGP and related strong cryptography technologies .
In order to get the benefits of strong cryptography , people must use strong cryptography , and use it properly .
This requires a basic understanding of the underlying technology .
It can be difficult for people new to computers and new to the free software culture to gain such an understanding .
Introducing people who lack knowledge and skills in cryptography to individuals that have developed them can be very helpful to those trying to learn .
It provides a great deal of value and benefits everyone .
Finally , key signing parties help build communities .
They help techies get together to get to know each other , network , and discuss important issues like civil liberties , cryptorights , and internet regulation .
Discussion is important because discussion is not only the first step , but also the step before action .
When I first wrote this document there were not very many complex webs of trust in the world .
Things have dramatically improved , with more plentiful webs that are much deeper than they were a few years ago .
However , it still remains the case that if you work to build a web of trust in your local area , it is very likely that the first participants in that web will be the leaders and policy setters of the internet community in your area .
They are the individuals who can choose to build secure strong cryptographic technology and protocols into the local infrastructure if they so choose .
The integration of such technology and protocols could make issues like the FBI 's carnivore system and the National Security Agency 's illegal domestic surveillance technologically infeasible and therefore moot .
Can you give me some examples of why I 'd want to hold one ?
As an example , let 's say that Alice and Bob generate PGP Keys with Gnu Privacy Guard ( GPG ) and hold a PGP key signing party .
At the party Alice and Bob go verify each others ' key information and later sign each others ' keys .
GPG by default automatically signs the public key of every pair it generates with the associated private key .
So , Alice and Bob both now have at least two signatures validating that their keys belong to them .
Alice 's key was signed by Alice herself and by Bob .
Bob 's key was signed by Bob himself and Alice .
In the future Alice and Bob meet Cathy .
Cathy generates a key pair and tells Alice and Bob that she will send them both her key .
Alice does n't like Cathy and does n't want Bob to exchange encrypted communications with her .
Both Alice and Cathy generate PGP keys which they claim belong to Cathy .
They both send them to Bob .
Both keys have one signature , the self signature of the associated private key .
Bob does not know which key is really Cathy's .
Cathy hears that Bob got two keys , and suspects Alice .
Cathy , now angry , wishes to gain information that she can use against Alice .
In order to acquire this information Cathy must compromise the encrypted communications between Alice and Bob .
In order to do this , Cathy decides to forge an email to Bob from Alice telling him that Alice has generated a new key pair - a key pair for which only Cathy has the private key .
In the forged email , Cathy includes Alice 's " new " public key ( which is in fact a fake key generated by Cathy ) .
However , Bob knows for sure this is a trick because even though Bob now has two keys for Alice , one of the keys has been signed by multiple people ( himself and Alice ) verifying that it does indeed belong to Alice , while the other key - Cathy 's fake key - only has its own signature .
The above example is very simplified and things can get a lot more complicated than that .
You can read through the PGP FAQs or a good book on PKI for more information and a more detailed explanation .
The above example does clearly explain the basics of key signing and its value .
Cathy was not able to introduce a fake key pair for Alice because of the web of trust interconnections ( key signatures ) between Bob and Alice .
It is important to note however that signatures and webs of trust do not guarantee trustable keys .
For example , when Bob and Alice first met Cathy , let 's say that a friend of Cathy 's , Donald , had been with Cathy .
Donald could have generated fake key pairs for Alice and Bob , signed them with his key and signed both pairs of keys with the other pairs resulting in three signatures on each key and sent them to Cathy .
Cathy would be facing a series of bad keys and signatures .
How could key signing help Cathy resist such an attack ?
Well , let 's say that all the people involved where exchanging keys through a key server .
If Cathy searched the key server for Alice and Bob 's keys , she 'd find two sets for both Alice and Bob .
If Alice and Bob had collected twenty key signatures at the keysigning party , it 's obvious that Cathy could possibly better trust the public keys signed by twenty different individuals than the ones signed by only three individuals .
Cathy should know something 's up from the existence of the extra public keys - so she can look for closely at the generation dates and the trust web behind the public keys .
The twenty keys from the party signatures should all be signed by twenty or more different individuals and have those signing keys would most likely have widely varying generation times .
It 's probable that the keys that signed the keysigning party 's participant 's keys were also signed by other keys of people who did not attend the party .
Perhaps , people who do n't even live in the same area .
That would not be the case for the faked keys if Donald had generated twenty faked key pairs and generated a faked web of trust .
The scope of Donald 's fake web of trust would be limited in size and depth to the number of keys Donald generated or had gain control of .
The multilayered web of trust supporting the real keys would provide a strong suggestion that Alice and Bob 's genuine keys were more trustable than Donald 's fake keys .
Choosing a Keysigning Party Type
There are different possible structures for keysigning parties .
These different formats were designed to accommodate the increasing levels of participation as PGP has become more popular .
The sections below describe three of the most common methods and provide instructions for each one .
By reading the Theory subsections below , you 'll be able to determine and select the right party method for you .
Informal Method Party Theory
The most common type of keysigning party is the informal party .
For an informal party , no coordination is necessary other than announcing a time and date .
Individuals bring their key information and what they feel to be sufficient proof of their identity .
Organizing Informal parties are easy to coordinate and are simplistic in their nature .
They can be easily announced at the last minute and therefor can easily be associated with another event which may attract members of the cryptography community such as technical conferences or civil liberty events .
Examples , are technical conferences , LAN parties , science fiction conventions , and technical standards working group meetings .
Participating Ideally , you should bring small pieces of paper with your name and pgp key fingerprint on them to hand out to people .
Many people now have their PGP key fingerprint printed on the back of their business card along with the address of a preferred keyserver where people can download an up to date key .
They also often include a small " verified " checkbox that someone can mark if they choose to check identification .
List Based Method Party Theory
For a list based party , more coordination is necessary .
A list PGP key fingerprints of everyone who had planned to attend the party is created by the party coordinator .
When enough people are expected to attend the event that it would be difficult for everyone to make sure that get a chance to meet everyone else in attendance , a list can be helpful .
The obvious benefit being that , if the participants are given a list they will most likely attempt to complete their list .
This will result in a deeper , more interlinked , web of trust which can benefit all users of PGP .
Organizing I 've written a public domain perl script to generate the keysigning party list from an openPGP public keyring for you to use .
You can post this list on the web so that recipients can print it out , or you can bring copies to the party for everyone .
Participating
You should check identification and verify fingerprint information for each person at the party on against your list .
You should also verify your fingerprint information of their list to make sure a dishonest roganizer did not give some people different lists than what you were given .
After seeing its demands for secrecy rejected soundly twice , once in district court and once in appellate , the Fed is now appealing the " Pittman " decision yet again .
As Bloomberg reports , " attorneys for the Fed today asked the full U.S. Court of Appeals in New York to reconsider a unanimous ruling by a three - judge panel . "
On the other side of the Fed is , as usual , the Clearing House Association : the organization of bankers that stands to lose the most should its secretive bailouts by the Fed no longer be subject to unconstitutional secrecy .
There is no reason to expect that the second appeal will work .
However , it is the escalation from there that will be most critical . "
If the court refuses the request , the Fed may appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . "
That Supreme Court Decision , which will likely come around the time of Obama 's mid-term elections , may prove to be more critical for Obama ' reelection chances than unemployment , healthcare and regulatory " reform " combined .
If the Supreme Court does ultimately side with the Fed , it will become clear once and for all who truly runs this country ( and the world ) , and the the US constitution is at best something the oligarchy uses when it runs out of one ply Treasury Paper .
More from Bloomberg , in which we get a tacit lesson of Racketeering 102 :
“ The decision is of exceptional importance , ” the Fed ’s lawyers wrote in a legal brief .
“ The real - world consequence of the panel ’s decision will be serious , perhaps irreparable harm to the institutional borrowers whose information will be revealed . ”
The Court of Appeals panel ruled March 19 that the Fed must release records of the unprecedented $ 2 trillion U.S. loan program launched primarily after the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc .
The ruling upheld a decision of a lower - court judge , who in August ordered that the information be released .
The Fed argued in the case , which was launched by Bloomberg LP , the parent of Bloomberg News , that disclosure of the documents threatens to stigmatize borrowers and cause them “ severe and irreparable competitive injury , ” discouraging banks in distress from seeking help .
The appeals court panel rejected that argument .
Those most impaired by the ruling to finallyl bring information to those who were reponsible for Wall Street 's record bonus year , the CHA , consists of the following :
The Clearing House Association , which processes payments among banks , joined the case and sided with the Fed .
The group includes ABN Amro Bank NV , a unit of Royal Bank of Scotland Plc , Bank of America Corp. , The Bank of New York Mellon Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , Deutsche Bank AG , HSBC Holdings Plc , JPMorgan Chase & Co. , US Bancorp and Wells Fargo & Co .
The initial lawsuit is the last great deed of Mark Pittman , who passed away last Thanksgiving .
Hopefully , if there is some justice in the world , and the Supreme Court sides with the wronged party , than the world will have much to be Thankful for to Pittman .
Bloomberg , majority - owned by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , sued after the Fed refused to name the firms it lent to or disclose loan amounts or assets used as collateral under its lending programs .
Most of the loans were made in response to the deepest financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Lawyers for Bloomberg argued in court that the public has the right to know basic information about the “ unprecedented and highly controversial use ” of public money .
We are confident that were Mark alive today , he would be very much enjoying the global media circus that the firm at the epicenter of the Fed 's largesse has becone .
Whoo -eee !
Apple announced the iPhone OS 4.0 features this week and Adobe is madder than a cat in a room that makes cats really mad !
Meanwhile , just a week into the glorious iPad revolution , counter - revolutionary forces are in motion !
The Macalope is a reasonable mythical beast ( way more reasonable than the Medusa or the Kraken and yet they get all the screen time ! ) ; he realizes the iPad is not for everyone .
He just wants some honest arguments .
High on something and not so mighty
Apple ’s iPhone 4.0 comes with a shiny new developer license agreement that seemingly cuts the legs out from under Adobe ’s plans to enable the compilation of Flash code for the iPhone .
To say Adobe is a bit peeved would be putting it mildly .
Adobe ’s John Dowdell ( tip o’ the antlers to John Gruber ) tweeted :
I know that a number of good people work at Apple .
If you ’re seeking a more ethical company , Adobe is hiring : adobe.com/aboutadobe/careeropp
More ethical ?
Developer , please .
The bare - fisted blows of business as practiced by Apple may hurt and you may not like them , but that ’s life in the bigs , John .
Capitalism ai n’t pretty sometimes .
If we ’re going to ascribe ethics to corporations ( a dubious and fruitless adventure at best ) , the Macalope would maintain that Adobe will one day have a lot of ‘ splainin ’ to do before a vengeful god for the number of crashes Mac users have endured thanks to Flash .
Not sure you want to go there .
Adobe ’s Lee Brimelow is equally sanctimonious and more verbose ( tip o’ the antlers to Glenn Fleishman ) .
All we want is to provide creative professionals an avenue to deploy their work to as many devices as possible .
You ’ve now gone past baloney and into pimento loaf territory .
Sure , Flash enables developers to do that , but it ’s also about locking them into your tools instead of anyone else’s .
Many of Adobe ’s supporters have mentioned that we should discontinue the Creative Suite products on OS X as a form of retaliation .
Again , this is something that Adobe would never consider in a million years .
Of course you would n’t !
You ’d be cutting off a huge revenue stream !
But this is equivalent to me walking into Macy ’s to buy a new wallet and the salesperson spits in my face .
Mmm , no .
That ’s not a very good analogy .
Here ’s a good analogy : it ’s equivalent to you expecting Nordstrom ’s to sell the same cheap crap you sell at WalMart .
Now let me put aside my role as an official representative of Adobe for a moment as I would look to make it clear what is going through my mind at the moment .
Go screw yourself Apple .
Adobe ’s evangelists love to rail against Apple ’s policy of not letting employees blog about business , but the Macalope will say one thing for it : it saves us from having to read self - serving and unprofessional rants like this .
Comments disabled as I ’m not interested in hearing from the Cupertino Comment SPAM bots .
Oops .
So much for that “ open culture . ”
Read more …
Your mileage may vary
Joe Wilcox points to seven techno - elites who have returned or are threatening to return their iPads for a variety of reasons , many of which make perfect sense .
The Macalope certainly understands why you might be soured on the device if you had the Wi-Fi problems some are experiencing ( the Macalope does n’t doubt there are problems , but he has had exactly zero issues with his ) .
“ I did n’t need it , ” on the other hand , seems a little weak .
You could n’t figure that out before you bought it ?
OK , maybe these are the kinds of people who just buy things to try them .
If the iPad does n’t fit their needs , that ’s their beeswax , not the horny one ’s .
But some of these presumed techno - overlords behave more like sugar - addled pre-teens than logical decision makers .
Take Nick O’Neill , for instance .
In the past 48 hours I ’ve gone from boycotting the Apple iPad , to purchasing one , and this morning I ’m bringing it back to the store .
Wow !
So , when , exactly are we supposed to take your word on this , Nick ? 48 hours ago during the boycott ?
24 hours ago during the impulse buy ?
Now ?
Three weeks from Tuesday when you buy another one ?
A day later when you return that one , too ?
All of the information O’Neill presents was readily available before last Saturday .
But he ’s finally made his mind up !
Maybe !
Who knows ?!
Follow Nick ’s
Twitter stream to keep up - to - date on his ever - shifting moods !
O’Neill also hits one of the Macalope ’s hot buttons : “ I AM PUNDIT !
I SPEAK FOR ALL ! ”
The “ killer ” apps on the iPad are currently TweetDeck and Netflix …
Nick .
You mean your killer apps .
Technology pundits , here ’s a free tip :
No matter what your position is on the iPad or Apple or anything , adding a simple qualifier that it ’s your opinion instead of some objective truth is not that hard .
And it makes you look like sooooo much less of a tool .
Speaking of the competition …
Maybe the iPad ’s not for you .
Price , Wi -Fi problems , App Store lock - in , you ’re John Warnock … whatever the issue , you feel you ’d like something else .
What are your options ?
In a relatively reasonable critique of the iPad Jeff Jarvis notes one alternative :
The iPad is purposely handicapped , but it does n’t need to be .
See the German WePad , which comes with USB port(s ! ) , a camera , multitasking , and the more open Android operating system and marketplace .
Well , Jeff , the problem with the WePad is you can “ see ” it , but you ca n’t touch it because the company — which appears to have no track record in shipping hardware and let ’s just say is something less than a household name outside of Germany — is n’t shipping them yet .
So , forgive the Macalope if he feels that ’s not exactly a viable alternative .
Well , what about the iFree ( tip o’ the antlers to Geoff Barnes ) ?
You know , the Linux - based tablet from the somewhat scarily - named Spanish organization , EATCO ?
Good news !
The brown and furry one hears the kinks are almost completely about to be worked out !
Its battery life is n’t good so you can only enjoy its use up to 2.5hrs after which it requires charging .
Apple ’s iPad scores well on battery with 10 hours running time .
But guys , as per the latest update on twitter , Linux Magazine Spain stated that they have summoned Carlos De Castro Lozano , professor at the University of Cordoba to work on improving the battery life of the models that are to be put on sale .
So , battery problem will be solved making iFreeTablet better than iPad in every respect .
CARLOS DE CASTRO LOZANO HAS BEEN SUMMONED !
ALL BATTERY ISSUES SHALL BE BANISHED FORTHWITH !
THE IPAD IS DOOMED !
It ’s hard to tell for sure if that passage is sarcastic and the Macalope wants it to be earnest so badly that he ca n’t be an impartial judge of whether it is or is n’t .
Meanwhile , the JooJoo is getting terrible reviews , the HP slate continues to face an uphill battle , and Microsoft ’s Courier exists as nothing more than a series of concept videos .
A year from now the iPad may have serious competition , but right now it ’s the best tablet computer there is .
Personally , the Macalope ’s glad he does n’t have to wait a year .
Hey , as long as you ’re practicing asceticism , maybe you should see if you can score some religious brownie points for it !
Wait .
Note to self : “ religious brownies . ”
As British Petroleum scrambles to affix a four - story , 70 - ton dome over the massive oil geyser venting toxic sludge into the Gulf of Mexico , people everywhere are wondering what else can be done to stem the deadly tide .
Komsomoloskaya Pravda , Russia ’s best - selling daily publication , has an idea :
Why not just nuke it ?
During the Soviet years , Russia ’s communists had to deal with numerous oil disasters and on five different occasions they employed controlled , underground nuclear blasts to quickly solve the problem .
ADVERTISEMENT
[ The ] underground explosion moves the rock , presses on it , and , in essence , squeezes the wellÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s channel , ” Pracda reported .
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s so simple , in fact , that the Soviet Union , a major oil exporter , used this method five times to deal with petrocalamities , ” added Moscow reporter Julia Ioffe , writing for True / Slant .
“ The first happened in Uzbekistan , on September 30 , 1966 with a blast 1.5 times the strength of the Hiroshima bomb and at a depth of 1.5 kilometers .
KP also notes that subterranean nuclear blasts were used as much as 169 times in the Soviet Union to accomplish fairly mundane tasks like creating underground storage spaces for gas or building canals . ”
And those 169 underground blasts do not count the Soviet military ’s tests of various atomic - yield weapons , the paper noted .
Russia ’s success in capping major oil leaks with nuclear demolitions has an almost perfect record of success : only one detonation failed to accomplish its purpose .
The last such explosion took place in 1979 , according to Ioffe .
During the same period , the United States also had a “ peaceful nuclear explosions ” program called Operation Plowshare .
U.S. officials abandoned it due to environmental concerns .
ADVERTISEMENT
Conspiracies rum amok
Meanwhile , a variety of conspiracy theories about the sinking of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig have emerged , with some suggesting that it may have been an Obama administration inside job , an attack by environmental terrorists , an indirect result of people liking meat or even an act of God .
One theory in particular that ’s been circling conspiracy sites claims the disaster was caused by a North Korean torpedo as a way of presenting an “ impossible dilemma ” to President Obama ahead of the United Nations nuclear summit , with the goal being total chaos in the world ’s nuclear arms debate .
The writer , going by the name “ Sorcha Faal ” , sourced the claim as part of a “ grim ” report circulating the Kremlin , providing no additional details as to how the information was obtained .
That was apparently good enough for “ The European Union Times , ” which ran the claims in - full .
Blogger Chris Baskind , writing for More Minimal , retorted :
ADVERTISEMENT
In the days following the blast , credible suspicion almost immediately began circulating around Halliburton , ex-Vice President Dick Cheney ’s former company , which was cementing the well cap when the explosion hit , killing 11 workers and initiating the ecological disaster .
The firm was also tapped to aid the government ’s investigation , according to the Associated Press .
ADVERTISEMENT
As a stipulation in the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty signed by US and Russian officials earlier this year , the United States on Tuesday revealed the size of its active nuclear warhead stockpile for only the second time in history .
According to the Pentagon , at the end of Sept. 2009 , the U.S. had 5,113 nuclear warheads : down massively from the 31,255 warheads stockpiled in America circa 1967 .
At time of this writing , the gulf oil geyser was jetting 210,000 gallons of crude per day , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
BP claimed their best efforts to stop the oil vent may take up to three months .
Diggity Profile Blog Joined September 2007 United States 788 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-28 20:08:41 #
1
Where : Joes pizza ( www.joespizzasd.com)
5583 Clairemont Mesa Blvd .
San Diego , CA 92117
What : Delicious all you can eat pizza + salad + drink + starcraft = awesome ( 10 $ for the buffet )
When : Friday May 28th 10:30 pm to whenever the games are done
Who : Jaedong or Calm , Flash , a huge crowd and YOU !
Last time we managed to hit 112 .
This is probably going to be the last event of this kind before the SC2 release .
Be sure to let us know you are coming !
Attendees :
1 Diggity
2 Semiold guy [ TL admin and co-coordinator in theory ]
3 Machine [ maybe ]
4 Psyonic [ maybe ]
5 Nyoken [ maybe ]
6 GhostClaw [ maybe ]
7 Day9 [ awesome guy at large 100 % going ]
8 krowe [ Heading out from Anaheim ]
9 endGame
10 mr.fuglies [ UCSDer ]
11 OhThatDang [ the infamous ]
12 Moonshine [ driving down from mammoth ]
13 derekrowin [ needs a ride from miramesa ]
14 Muddled
15 talismania [ bringing a few ]
16 Escoffier [ willing to help pay for gas for a ride from Antelope Valley ]
17 OhNoes [ maybe from Santa Barbara ]
18 Xeris [ head coach extraordinaire ]
19 jonich0n [ maybe * wanting to carpool ]
20 blabber
21 T.O.P. [ doesnt like the pizza but better show up anyhow ! ]
22 randomKo_Orean
[ Hero organizer of hello goodbye ]
23 sm0 b [ coming from poway and offering rides ]
24 thunddr [ super awesome organizer of UCSD Winter Games Fest ]
25 Lysogen [ digs the pizza ]
26 wireframejesus
27 Azerbaijan
28 - 32 Davee and friends [ from garden grove ]
33 [ ur ]
Chin
34 orgolove [ if flash wins OSL ]
35 - 36 Frets
37-39 Afterhours [ true to his name ]
40 Ergo
41 Vivi57
42 tmonet
43 pandabearguy [ nobody kill him ]
44 VAR1ABLES
45 Dyno
46 NoUShutUp
47 Littlebootz [ Coming from Ontario ???
OMG ]
48 krndandaman
49 50 Kleander + gf
51 52 LOcDowN
53 Censored [ So likely it hurts ]
54 Legendary [ Is looking to carpool from AZ and therefore should talk to machine etc ]
55 Mystlord [ Needs a ride from pasadena / LA ]
56 57 General Nuke Em
58-60 Sabu113
61 JL13
62 TwitchALot
63 MrBlanks [ heading in with ohthatdang ]
64 Rekrul [ I have faith he will find a way ]
65 Nullshock [ starbuck connection ]
66 Quesadilla [ aka Punic the proxy ]
67-70 ERGO
71 anch [ willing to split gas money ]
72 WARMASTER [ might bring friends ]
73 - 74 TeNken .1 [ + 1 so now he is TeNken .
2 ]
75 Ramyondude [ from Monterey Park ]
76 The Admiral714 [ wafflle - ling ]
77-79 Oai [ OAI !!!]
80 NiGhT_mArE [ hero from SB again ! ]
81 - 83 TimeToPractice !
[ Time to party ! ]
84 Enderbantoo [ offering up rides from Ventura if he goes ]
85 itmeJP [ JP the man ]
86 -? Sigmaoctanus [ has an indeterminate amount of friends ]
88 DoctorHelvetica
89 Spyfire242 [ HAPPY BIRTHDAY !]
90 zTz [ wants an after party * someone else will have to arrange ]
91 BrownBear [ is a maybe ]
92 Barbados Slim
93 LittLeLives [ needs a friend ]
94 wobbaone
95 Strategery [ mastermind ]
96 MasterDana
97 Entaro [ AoV ]
98 - 101 D0me
102 houseurmusic
103 oddsprout
104 hipaul [ has been on live korean TV ]
105 pjstyles
106-109 JoeMcDoug
110 FabledIntegral
111 GHOSTCLAW
112-113 DangNabbit
114 audio_penguin
115-116 blobdole
117 John49ers
118 thekaz
119 -122 blobdole [ blobdole likes starcraft ! ]
123 Spyfire242 [ musically inclined ]
124 Rend [ return visit ]
125-126 NauticalSky
127 f4hy [ bringing his girlfriend ... God help him ]
128-132 Ekke
133 itsmesteve72 [ sprouted from Odd ? ]
134 ProfGood
135-136 raybasto
137 krazymunky
138 Froadac [ maybe ]
139 dirtyshoes [ offering rides ooooh yeaaa ]
140 zhul4nder [ wants a car ? ]
141 HonestTea
142 Shengster
143-144 zephry221
145 Plutonium
146 XtrEEmMaShEEN3k2
147 Palatable
There is a carpool from UCSD at peterson hall .
Also congrats to UCSD CSL for TAKING THE CHAMPIONSHIP UNNNFFFF
Check list to bring
1 ) If you can please bring a spare laptop ( just in case we have streaming problems )
Some wise people brought board games last time to play during the interim .
My suggestion would be to bring starcraft the board game .
2 ) PLEASE BRING SPARE CHAIRS IF YOU HAVE THEM
3 ) If anyone has portable sound equipment ( karaoke / megaphone with mic etc ) for potential casting please bring it along .
For those that have attended in the past you know the drillJoes pizza ( www.joespizzasd.com)5583 Clairemont Mesa Blvd .
San Diego , CA 92117 Delicious all you can eat pizza + salad + drink + starcraft = awesome ( 10 $ for the buffet ) Friday May 28th 10:30 pm to whenever the games are doneJaedong or Calm , Flash , a huge crowd and YOU !
Last time we managed to hit 112 .
This is probably going to be the last event of this kind before the SC2 release .
Be sure to let us know you are coming !
1 Diggity2 Semiold guy [ TL admin and co-coordinator in theory ]
3
Machine [ maybe ] 4 Psyonic [ maybe ] 5 Nyoken [ maybe ] 6 GhostClaw [ maybe ]
7 Day9 [ awesome guy at large 100 % going ] 8 krowe [ Heading out from Anaheim ] 9 endGame10 mr.fuglies [ UCSDer ] 11 OhThatDang [ the infamous ]
12 Moonshine [ driving down from mammoth ] 13 derekrowin [ needs a ride from miramesa ] 14 Muddled15 talismania [ bringing a few ] 16 Escoffier [ willing to help pay for gas for a ride from Antelope Valley ] 17 OhNoes [ maybe from Santa Barbara ] 18 Xeris [ head coach extraordinaire ] 19 jonich0n [ maybe * wanting to carpool ] 20 blabber21 T.O.P. [ doesnt like the pizza but better show up anyhow !] 22 randomKo_Orean
[ Hero organizer of hello goodbye ] 23 sm0 b [ coming from poway and offering rides ] 24 thunddr [ super awesome organizer of UCSD Winter Games Fest ] 25 Lysogen [ digs the pizza ] 26 wireframejesus27 Azerbaijan28 - 32
Davee and friends [ from garden grove ] 33 [ ur ]
Chin34 orgolove [ if flash wins OSL ] 35 - 36 Frets37-39
Afterhours [ true to his name ] 40 Ergo41 Vivi5742 tmonet43 pandabearguy [ nobody kill him ] 44 VAR1ABLES45 Dyno46 NoUShutUp47 Littlebootz [ Coming from Ontario ???
OMG ]48 krndandaman49 50 Kleander + gf51 52 LOcDowN53
Censored
[ So likely it hurts ]
54 Legendary [ Is looking to carpool from AZ and therefore should talk to machine etc ] 55 Mystlord [ Needs a ride from pasadena / LA ] 56 57 General Nuke Em58-60 Sabu11361 JL1362 TwitchALot63
MrBlanks [ heading in with ohthatdang ]
64 Rekrul [ I have faith he will find a way ]
65 Nullshock [ starbuck connection ] 66 Quesadilla [ aka Punic the proxy ] 67 - 70 ERGO71 anch [ willing to split gas money ]
72 WARMASTER [ might bring friends ]
73 - 74 TeNken .1 [ + 1 so now he is TeNken .
2]75 Ramyondude [ from Monterey Park ] 76 TheAdmiral714 [ wafflle - ling ]77-79 Oai [ OAI !!!]
80 NiGhT_mArE [ hero from SB again !]
81 - 83 TimeToPractice !
[ Time to party ! ]
84 Enderbantoo [ offering up rides from Ventura if he goes ] 85 itmeJP [ JP the man ] 86 -?
Sigmaoctanus [ has an indeterminate amount of friends ]
88 DoctorHelvetica89 Spyfire242 [ HAPPY BIRTHDAY !]90
zTz [ wants an after party * someone else will have to arrange ]
91 BrownBear [ is a maybe ] 92 Barbados Slim93 LittLeLives [ needs a friend ] 94 wobbaone95 Strategery [ mastermind ]96 MasterDana97 Entaro [ AoV]98 - 101 D0me102 houseurmusic103 oddsprout104 hipaul [ has been on live korean TV]105 pjstyles106-109 JoeMcDoug110 FabledIntegral111 GHOSTCLAW112-113 DangNabbit114 audio_penguin115-116 blobdole117 John49ers118 thekaz119-122 blobdole [ blobdole likes starcraft !]
123 Spyfire242 [ musically inclined ] 124 Rend [ return visit ] 125-126 NauticalSky 127
f4hy [ bringing his girlfriend ... God help him ] 128-132 Ekke133 itsmesteve72 [ sprouted from Odd ? ]
134 ProfGood135-136 raybasto137 krazymunky138
Froadac [ maybe ]139 dirtyshoes [ offering rides ooooh yeaaa ] 140 zhul4nder [ wants a car ?
]
141 HonestTea142 Shengster143-144 zephry221145 Plutonium146 XtrEEmMaShEEN3k2147 Palatable
There is a carpool from UCSD at peterson hall .
link here Also congrats to UCSD CSL for TAKING THE CHAMPIONSHIP UNNNFFFF1 )
If you can please bring a spare laptop ( just in case we have streaming problems ) Some wise people brought board games last time to play during the interim .
My suggestion would be to bring starcraft the board game .
When the Swedish investigative television show Uppdrag granskning ( Mission Review ) received a tip about an innocently convicted rapist , it set out to investigate a legal case gone wrong .
Instead , it discovered a solid rape case that was nonetheless opposed by a town mob that firmly defended the rapist with arguments about his kindness , popularity and good looks .
The episode aired in Sweden last week and has since been wildly debated in Swedish media , stirring up shock and protests over the old - world patriarchal views that still prevail in some parts of the Scandinavian country .
In the small town of Bjästa last March , 14 - year - old Linnea was raped by 15 - year - old Oskar in a school bathroom .
Linnea immediately pressed charges , telling police that Oskar had sat on her chest while holding down her arms with his legs .
Then he put his penis in her mouth , forced her to perform oral sex and ejaculated in her face .
After several interrogations , Oskar admitted the crime , but later retracted his confession .
Nonetheless , with corroborating evidence from a medical examination and a teacher ’s testimony that Linnea appeared shaken after the incident , Oskar was convicted for raping a minor ( in Sweden you ’re legally considered an adult at 15 ) .
But Oskar ’s popularity in the community led to an unexpected backlash against Linnea .
When Oskar was moved to another school as a result of the case , more than 50 students went on strike demanding to take him back .
Oskar ’s brother started an online petition to free him , which quickly garned 2,000 supporters , and a similar Facebook group drew 4,000 members .
Online , both children and adults called Linnea a liar and whore .
As one anonymous 51 - year - old woman told reporters on Uppdrag Granskning , “ As I ’ve understood it she ’s been after him and wanted to date him , and has done this as a revenge for being rejected . ”
Three months after the rape , Oskar , despite being a convicted rapist with a restraining order against him , was invited to the annual year - end ceremony at school by the priest conducting it .
That night , Oskar raped another girl and was again convicted , this time with evidence of his DNA found in the victim ’s underwear .
Despite the DNA evidence , the mob backing Oskar still believed he was innocent .
A Facebook commenter wrote , “ I hate these fucking whores , I wish they could be raped for real and really suffer . ”
People still refused to believe that the charming boy they knew could have done anything wrong .
Since the TV episode aired , the town of Bjästa have been heavily criticized .
The priest who invited Oskar to church is under investigation , as well as the school officials who failed to take a stand for Linnea .
The strong reactions to this story by the greater Swedish public is the only positive thing about the story .
The fact that so many people got upset about what happened will hopefully build an awareness that will help prevent similar cases of blaming - the - victim / supporting - the - perpetrator from occurring .
Above : The Nätra church in Bjästa , Sweden .
Photo courtesy of Henrik Sendelbach // CC 3.0 .
Artists '
Work - artist websites , descriptions , commentary
Introduction to Emerging Research Areas of Interest to Artists ( Technological & Artistic research in GPS , Biotechnology , Biosensors , Materials Science , Wearable Computing , Ubiquitous Computing , etc )
Compiled by Stephen Wilson , Professor , CIA Program , Art Dept , San Francisco State University
###Note these links are part of the research for Wilson 's books Informati on Arts ( MIT Press , 2002 ) and Art , Art , + Science Now ( Thames & Hudson , 2010 ) . forthcoming ) .
Please see the book for more details about the artists , organizations , and texts listed in these links and for extended analysis of the relationship of art and research .
The links are constantly being revised and suggestions are welcomed .
Feel free to use these resources but please attribute source .
Copyright , 1999 - 2009 Stephen Wilson .
In response to Bill Clinton ’s highly publicized linking of the Tea Party movement to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing in an op - ed piece for the New York Times , former Clinton adviser Dick Morris disclosed on Monday that it was Clinton himself , and not Attorney General Janet Reno , as Americans have been led to believe for the past 17 years , who called the shots during the 1993 botched invasion that led to the death of seventy - six people .
It looks like somebody is going to have to update the Waco Siege page on Wikipedia .
Apparently the whitewashed history that former President Bill Clinton would like us to believe regarding the 1993 federal assault on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , is missing important details regarding his own personal involvement .
Speaking on the Hannity program on the Fox News Network , Morris criticized Clinton for his Oklahoma City comments : “ Let ’s understand what was Timothy McVeigh ’s motivation …he himself had said that it was the reaction to the Waco takeover .
Bill Clinton orchestrated that takeover . ”
Morris went on to say , “ Clinton in fact was so ashamed about what he did in Waco that he was not going to appoint Janet Reno to a second four - year term .
She told him in a meeting right before the inauguration day …
‘ If you do n’t appoint me I ’m going to tell the truth about Waco . ’
And that forced Clinton ’s hand …
It ’s never been said ( publicly ) before . ”
For years , Clinton has been criticized for his leadership of the federal government during the Waco crisis , but he has managed to escape personal responsibility for the tragedy .
With Morris ’s statements , it appears this may no longer be possible .
It would seem that Clinton was far more intimately involved with the government response at Waco than previously reported .
While there may be a link between Clinton and the Oklahoma City bombing , I would hardly blame the actions of a psychopath on any one individual or political party .
However , for Clinton to associate such a horrible act of violence with freedom loving Americans , especially given the fact that he must be fully aware that it was his decisions that led to the Waco catastrophe which in turn inspired Timothy McVeigh , is remarkably shameless .
A United States court last week indicted an Israeli man suspected of attempting to obtain assault weapons and sell them to the government in Somalia .
According to the indictment filed at a district court in Florida , the suspect , Hanoch Miller , and several others attempted to bypass a United Nations Security Council resolution and U.S. law , both of which have an embargo on weapons trade with Somalia .
The south Florida district attorney charged that Hanoch conspired with associates , who are not mentioned by name , in the U.S. and Israel to sell AK - 47 assault rifles to clients in Somalia .
According to the indictment , Miller provided a falsified end user certificate that was meant to show the weapons were destined for the Republic of Chad , a country with which weapons trade is legal .
The suspects also allegedly attempted to hire planes from Bosnia to transport the weapons to Somalia .
The weapons were intended for the government in Somaliland , which is regarded internationally as an autonomous region in Somalia that has been run by a secessionist government since the 1990s .
Open gallery view FBI agents make an arrest in May 2010 .
Illustrative .
Credit : AP
Several months ago , Israeli officials said the government may consider recognizing Somaliland 's independence and establishing diplomatic ties with it .
However , Yigal Palmor , a Foreign Ministry official , told Haaretz that was an unofficial announcement that does not represent Israeli government policy .
Hanoch Miller is a 53 - year - old resident of Yehud in central Israel and an aeronautics engineer who served in an airplane design unit in the Israel Air Force .
After his discharge in the 1980s , Miller started Radom Aviation with two business partners and was considered a solitary contractor that worked both with the Israel Aerospace Industries and other defense industries .
More than three years ago , Miller sold his share in the company and became an independent consultant that worked , according to his friends , in the field of electronic weapons and night vision equipment .
The alleged weapons were destined for the Somali government , with which Israel has recently declared a willingness to establish diplomatic ties .
NBC + Bravo + Women + Sports = FAIL
Hey , ladies – did you know you like to watch the Kentucky Derby because you are distracted by shiny , pretty things ?
You do n’t really like sports – NBC ’s senior vice president of marketing , Mike McCarley , said so :
“ Women are watching the Derby more for the spectacle than the sporting event , ” McCarley said .
“ There ’s a balance you have to strike for the different people that you ’re watching .
It seems abundantly clear that ‘ women who like sports ’ were not one of the groups considered in that equation – but more on that in a moment .
The article goes on to point out that there is also a majority - female audience for the Summer and Winter Olympics , but once again , you and I are clearly only interested in heartwarming human interest stories and not , say , watching a sport that is otherwise rarely televised .
You might have thought you were looking forward to speed skating , curling or coverage of the Olympic marathon , since those sports are nearly impossible to find the rest of the time , but NBC seems to be pretty sure you ’re in the minority – and you probably really just wanted to know what the athletes were wearing .
There is no mention of what sort of research actually supported these conclusions – just that they did some market research and were duly surprised by the results .
While it is true , as a good friend likes to say , that most people are ‘ barely functioning , ’ should n’t the underlying assumption be that people ( male , female , intersex , transgendered – anyone ) who tune into a sporting event want to see that sport ?
Or does the possession of two X chromosomes somehow preclude that possibility , as far as NBC is concerned ?
Would it shock them to know that I ’ve held season tickets to two different Major League Soccer teams ( from back when the league could barely field 11 reasonable players per side ) ?
Or that I plan my vacation time around the World Cup ?
Or that I might wear dresses and skirts from places like Athleta or Title Nine ( that being especially apt in this discussion ) , but that I have zero interest in who ’s wearing what at Churchill Downs ?
Clearly , I ’m not very good at this whole ‘ being female ’ thing – at least as far as NBC is concerned .
( Wait until they find out I ca n’t cook and have been a Beerdrinker of the Year semifinalist two years running ! )
While I had low expectations for the Bravo presentation of the Kentucky Oaks , the broadcast far exceeded my worst predictions .
There was the anticipated parade of D - list celebrities , clueless presenters and generally pointless activities that had nothing to do with the race , but the tone and attitude throughout was appalling .
Rather than give some screen time to a female handicapper , trainer or jockey ( and there are plenty of them – even telegenic ones ) , we were spent many long minutes watching a man tell a female reality tv ‘ star ’ how to part with her money ; clearly , she could not be expected to learn these taxing skills on her own .
Why not include the obviously - oblivious male presenter (s ) in the fun ?
Or , ( and here ’s a radical notion ) , why not spend some time talking about the field , the jockeys , the trainers – really , anything actually relevant to the activity at hand ?
Obviously , NBC was interested in cross-promoting their brands – and that ’s understandable enough – but it could easily have been planned so that those hoping to see some actual sports coverage on a purported sports broadcast ( albeit on a non-sporting channel ) got slightly more than about 10 % of the broadcast time .
But hey , NBC is n’t alone in their lack of understanding about women and sports .
Despite tracking my running data and sponsoring a women ’s marathon , many at Nike seem equally unable to grasp the notion that women might actually like sports ; leaving aside their highly questionable continued sponsorship of certain athletes , they chose to promote their introduction of the new home kit for the US Men ’s National team not just by getting some players to model it , but by chopping it up a bit and sticking it on a Playboy model .
Obviously , getting a member of the Women ’s National Team would not work , as they have their own kit , but how about at least putting it on a female athlete ?
At least Vanity Fair is giving the men equal naked time – I have no objection to the actual players , male or female , taking off their clothes , regardless of what FIFA thinks about it .
It ’s bad enough that I have to wear a child - sized jersey , since Nike does not make a women ’s - fit version of the US Men ’s jersey ; I need to go to places like Objectivo to get unofficial t- shirts that actually fit , and even they only offer a fraction of their designs in women ’s sizes .
Yes , I could wear that US Women ’s National Team jersey , but I ’d prefer to have one of each – they are different teams , after all .
Many MLS teams now offer women ’s - fit versions of their home and away kits , and that ’s a very welcome feature – they very rarely feel they have to put them on glamour models to market them because we ’re already buying them .
It ’s all a bit ironic that NBC / Bravo ’s
Oaks coverage is among the worst sports television I ’ve ever seen , since Universal Sports has done some great programming – they just hide it away on channels you are unlikely to come across on purpose .
One of the best things I ’ve seen for years was their coverage of the 2009 Kona Ironman ; male and female athletes were both highlighted , the program was exceptionally well - paced and well - edited and there was never a sense of condescension .
Facts about triathlons were succinctly explained , so that newcomers got a sense of the sport , but there was no need for gimmicks or pointless intrusion by so - called reporters .
But perhaps we should see this as a sort of small victory – they ’ve noticed that we are watching , they just are n’t sure why .
So , my fellow female racing fans ( and , let ’s be honest , female sports fans in general ) , what would you prefer to see for the Oaks next year ?
What could be improved before the Preakness broadcast ?
* Check back tomorrow , when we resume our normal Triple Crow - trail discussion !
SPRINGFIELD –
The former chief of the acute pain clinic at Baystate Medical Center Hospital was sentenced on Thursday in federal court to six months in jail plus three years supervised release after he pleaded guilty to health care fraud .
Scott S. Reuben , 51 , of East Longmeadow , was ordered to repay $ 361,932 in restitution , forfeit $ 50,000 and pay a $ 5,000 fine .
The sentence was announced Thursday as a result of Ruben ’s entering a guilty plea on Feb. 22 to one count of health care fraud .
He was charged with submitting bogus research in a 2007 pain management study of patients who had knee surgery .
The test was conducted for Pfizer under a $ 73,000 research grant , and was supposed to measure the effectiveness of the drug Celebrex for reducing post - operative pain .
Fifty patients were supposed to receive the drug and 50 other a placebo , but it was discovered the test was never conducted , even though Reuben published studies that suggested otherwise .
The scam was uncovered during a routine audit by Baystate in 2008 , and the hospital later found that Reuben misrepresented findings in 21 studies dating back to 1996 .
Baystate terminated his privileges with the hospital in 2009 .
Sitting in a hard chair can literally turn someone into a hardass .
Holding a heavy clipboard leads to weighty decisions .
Rubbing rough surfaces makes us prickly .
So found researchers studying the interaction between physical touch and social cognition .
The experiments included would - be car buyers who , when seated in a cushy chair , were less likely to drive a stiff bargain .
The findings do n't just suggest tricks for salesman , but may illuminate how our brains develop .
" The way people understand the world is through physical experiences .
The first sense they develop is touch , " said study co-author Josh Ackerman , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology psychologist .
As they grow up , those physical experiences shape how people conceptualize abstract , social experience , he said .
" Later on , you can do what we did – trigger different physical experiences , and produce changes in people 's thoughts . "
Published June 24 in Science , the study is the latest addition to a booming field of embodied cognition , which over the last decade has scientifically eroded the notion that mind and body are distinctly separate .
Other studies have shown that kids are better at math when using their hands while thinking .
Actors recall lines more easily while moving .
People tend towards generosity after holding a warm cup of coffee , and are more callous after holding a cold drink .
The drink temperature study was co-authored by Yale University psychologist John Bargh , also a co-author of the latest paper .
His group is especially interested in touch , which is one of the first senses to develop .
Other research shows that the brain does n't always have different structures for different functions , but often uses the same systems in a variety of ways .
And given the importance of touch , it 's easy for developing brains to use tactile associations – heaviness requires effort , roughness leads to friction , hard objects are inflexible – in understanding social situations .
" Those connections that people have , between physical experience and mental understanding , do n't ever disappear , " said Ackerman .
To test the connection , the researchers conducted a variety of experiments simulating real - world social interactions .
In one , test participants played the part of employers interviewing job applicants .
When holding a heavy clipboard , they were more likely to consider candidates to be serious , and thought of their own judgements as especially important .
In another test , passerby asked to complete surveys on government funding of social programs were more likely to support increases while holding heavy clipboards .
The problems seemed more significant .
After hearing stories about an ambiguous social interaction , test participants tended to consider it uncoordinated and harsh if they 'd just handled a rough - surfaced jigsaw puzzle .
After assembling a smooth puzzle , those ambiguous stories did n't seem so awkward .
Test subjects who touched a block of wood subsequently judged job applicants to be more strict in character than when they 'd touched a blanked .
And in the car negotiations , people sitting in stiff chairs rather than soft held out for an extra $ 350 price cut .
" The tactile sensation is extremely important early in development .
The idea that other associations would be built on that makes intuitive sense , " said Franklin & Marshall College psychologist Michael Anderson , who was not involved in the study .
" Brain regions that may initially have been dedicated to one particular task , turn out ot contribute to multiple tasks . "
It 's not only people curious about brain development who will be interested in the findings .
Manipulations " used in the studies might have important implications for a host of social situations such as job interviews , buyer / seller interactions , and the collection of signatures for petitions , " said Gettysburg University psychologist Brian Meier .
For those fearing exploitation by marketers , Ackerman noted that tactile suggestion 's effects diminish when people pay attention .
" It 's when you 're distracted , thinking in a shallow fashion , that you get hit by these cues , " he said .
The researchers want to further study how tactile - social interactions form during infancy and adolescence , and whether certain types of people are more susceptible than others .
They 're also curious whether tactility affects hormone balances and , in the short term , personality type .
Ackerman said the connection is n't one - way .
" Once you have the connections , the process works both ways , " he said .
" There is some evidence that you can change people 's sensations by changing their thoughts . "
Image : Taber Andrew Bain / Flickr .
See Also :
Citation : " Incidental Haptic Sensations Influence Social Judgments and Decisions . "
By J.M. Ackerman , C.C. Nocera , J.A. Bargh .
Science , Volume 328 No. 5987 , June 22 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 102 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross -Data Photographer Brent Beck Airline Untitled ( Commemorative Air Force ) Version Lockheed T - 33B Generic Type Lockheed T - 33 Basic Type Lockheed T - 33 Manufacturer Lockheed MSN 580-5915 Reg. N9124Z Location In Flight Region Tennessee Country USA Date Photographed May 22 , 2010 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 59,667
Photo Added : May 29 , 2010
Photo Copyright © Brent Beck .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Caption
It was a dream come true for me to work with the German F - 4s .
Now I 'm just waiting for the RAAF F - 111s .
Photo approved for public release .
( Canon 450D + Canon 70-300 f/4-5.6 IS )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Rand Paul , after winning the Kentucky Republican Senate primary on Tuesday , has run into reality — that is , the gap between his political and policy positions and mainstream notions .
The Tea Party darling hit immediate trouble when he defended holding his victory celebration at a private country club by citing Tiger Woods .
More serious , appearing on Rachel Maddow ’s show , Paul noted that he would not have fully endorsed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
That is because he does n’t support the government infringing upon property rights — such as the right of a business owner to discriminate on the basis of race .
Paul , like his father Ron ( the libertarian Republican congressman ) , fancies himself a strict constitutionalist opposed to globalists and what he and others in the so - called “ Patriot movement ” call the New World Order .
And this view of politics has led Paul to keep unusual company — such as his appearances on the radio show of Alex Jones , an anti-government conspiracy theorist and one of the more prominent proponents of the idea that the Bush administration was complicit in the 9/11 attacks .
Jones , who sees big government conspiracies elsewhere , as well , has been an enthusiastic supporter of both Ron and Rand Paul .
Both men have appeared on his show , which , of course , does n’t mean they endorse his 9/11 views and other opinions .
( Last December , Rand Paul ’s campaign communications director , Chris Hightower , resigned after a blogger exposed Hightower as an anti-Christian who believed that the US government was responsible for 9/11 .
The Paul campaign , asked by a local newspaper , if Paul agreed with Hightower on 9/11 , said it was a “ complicated situation ” with “ truth on both sides . ” )
But Rand Paul has shown sympathy for Jones ’ overall view of a world of global conspiracies , and he has expressed support for some of Jones ’ unconventional ideas .
During a July 23 , 2009 show , Jones , decrying the Wall Street bailout , asked Paul , “ This is n’t really socialism … .
Is n’t this more akin to fascism ? ”
Paul replied , “ You ’re exactly right . ”
Later on the show , while Jones was denouncing cap - and - trade legislation ( which he says could lead to “ toilet paper taxes ” ) and calling for investigating Al Gore , Paul noted that should the climate bill become law , “ we will have an army of armed EPA agents –thousands of them . ”
These EPA troopers , according to Paul , would be free to burst into homes and apartments to determine if they were meeting energy - efficiency standards .
Paul also did n’t say anything when Jones raised an odd charge about the Federal Reserve .
During a rant about the Fed , Jones claimed “ we know that the Federal Reserve was clearly implicated in the kidnapping of a congressman ’s baby ” and commended Paul for his “ courage ” in taking on the Fed .
Paul replied , “ I appreciate that , ” and he told Jones that he could not mount his Senate run “ without you . ”
Throughout this particular show , Paul graciously accepted Jones ’ support for his pending Senate candidacy .
He gave the impression that he and Jones were like - minded foes of the globalists and international financiers plotting to undermine , if not destroy , the United States for their own gain .
And Paul noted that career politicians are no match for this enemy force : “ the ones that evolve to the top of the Republican and the Democratic Party end up being the people who do n’t believe in anything … and they get pushed around by the New World Order types . ”
A month later , Paul was again a guest on Jones ’ show .
“ I ca n’t stress enough how important this race for the Kentucky senator is , ” Jones exclaimed .
Paul replied , “ You ’re right . ”
Pamela McCreary is an award - winning author , actor , television producer and keynote speaker .
Professionally , Pamela has run the gamut of experience : acting ( over 100 television and radio commercials ) , writing ( award - winning author of Out of the Shadows ) , Managing Editor of Denver 's Life Magazine , and producer of the award - winning Three Perfect Days series for United Airlines .
Her memoir , Dancing On The Head Of A Pin , has just been released by Ghost Road Press :
In this inspiring memoir , Pamela McCreary recounts with refreshing honesty her life inside the somewhat secret world of Mormonism .
Raped at nineteen , she was certain it was her punishment for disobedience , and so attempted to design a righteous , and thereby , safe life .
Married at the age of twenty - one in the Mormon Temple in Washington D.C. , McCreary embarks on a life of motherhood and homemaking .
Hoping to find security and fulfillment , she turns her back on the over - riding passion of her life .
In the process , she loses herself , her religion , and the love she desires above all .
McCreary 's journey of reclamation , reconciliation , and faith is both poignant and funny - and a testament to the healing power of love .
This is a story for anyone who has ever lost hope and heart , and Pamela tells the truth , all the truth , and nothing but the truth about her " one - step forward , one - step back " journey away from the Mormon church and toward her real self .
Through it all , she learned how to fight those old victim feelings that are familiar to so many of us .
She will share strategies and practices for reclaiming your power and stepping to your authentic life .
This time , Paddy Power may have gone too far .
In a press statement entitled Ridley Turtle Tipped For Oily Exit the plucky Irish bookmaker is taking bets on which marine species will first become extinct due to the month - long oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico .
Here 's what the release says :
RIDLEY TURTLE TIPPED FOR OILY EXIT
( 24 ...
This game was originally called ' Rainy Woods . '
Good move , marketing department !
Although you may not have heard of the Xbox 360 game " Deadly Premonition , " I can confidently proclaim , without a shadow of a doubt , that it is simply the most incredible game released for any platform in years .
Before I explain what makes this game so amazing , I feel obligated to share a few minor facts about " Deadly Premonition " :
The graphics are terrible .
The character models are terrible .
The animations are terrible .
The weapons are terrible .
The combat and controls are terrible .
The sound effects are terrible .
The map and guidance system is terrible .
The music is terrible .
For some ridiculous , unknown reason , a large group of so - called " professional game journalists " have decided that this list of inconsequential trivialities somehow makes " Deadly Premonition " a terrible game .
IGN describes it as " awful in nearly every way " and dumps it with a 2 / 10 score .
Cheat Code Central , the website located in the middle of Cheat Code City , states " Deadly Premonition is not a good game " and slaps a 2.5 / 10 score onto it .
Gamespot , a spot composed entirely of games , despised it so much that they refused to review it , and instead offered their entire synopsis in the following sentence :
" Deadly Premonition - X360 - Adventure - Ignition Entertainment "
Perhaps these individuals were intoxicated by the unfathomable power inherent to the video game journalism industry .
Maybe they instantly dismiss any game lacking a multiplayer feature that grants 12 - year olds across the globe the chance to remind you , in vivid detail , why you are the biggest gay person in the history of big gay people .
Their flawed , irrational opinions simply cannot conceal the irrefutable fact that " Deadly Premonition " ranks amongst the greatest pieces of art to ever grace the Xbox 360 .
Our hero , Agent AAAAAHHHHHHH !!!!
The game starts off simple enough : you step into the shoes of FBI Special Agent Francis York , an astute and intelligent man who chooses to only investigate homicides involving red plant seeds .
Oh yeah , and he can also tell the future by looking into a cup of coffee .
And he talks to invisible , possibly imaginary characters nobody else can see .
And he eats raw potatoes , sleeps on a mattress in the middle of a cemetery , and stores giant fish inside his suit .
Let me take this opportunity to point out I am not making any of this up .
Agent York has been sent to the northwestern town of Greenvale to investigate a murder in which the victim - a young girl named Anna - had been crucified on a tree with her stomach torn open .
There was also some other little facet of the case I can't quite remember offhand ... oh yeah , I recall it now : SHE HAD RED SEEDS ON HER .
Like any responsible FBI Agent concerned with tree - related justice , Agent York approaches the small town around midnight , driving his muscle car through pouring rain while simultaneously talking on his cellphone , listening to music , looking at a laptop , and smoking a cigarette .
Unfortunately , his clever plan to multitask every single action in the world goes awry , causing his car to crash into a ditch and leaving no choice but to enter the town on foot , because that would naturally be the most stupid and dangerous thing to do .
Our clients are frequently referred to us by other practicing professionals in the St. Louis area including lawyers , accountants , medical practitioners and investment representatives .
Our lawyers have successfully tried to conclusion thousands of jury and court tried cases in our substantive areas of expertise .
Our true value to our clients is reflected in our vast experience in all areas of trial practice and appellate procedures , regardless of the subject matter of the case .
I just received my awesome gifts from Ailidhe .
The package included :
How to build a robot army ( the perfect book for me )
erasers in the shape of keyboard keys ( I kept wondering what these were until I read the letter )
travel towels ( these will certainly come in handy )
waterproof bags ( now I can splash around !...
I wonder if I can talk on my mobile through these things :) )
AUSTIN , Tex . —
After facing months of protest , conservative members of the Texas Board of Education were expected Thursday night to vote to teach schoolchildren a version of American history that emphasizes the roles of capitalist enterprise , the military , Christianity and modern Republican political figures .
The scheduled vote was a preliminary tally , with the final vote by the same group planned for Friday .
The decision , expected to fall largely along the party lines — the board has 10 Republicans and 5 Democrats — followed tens of thousands of public comments , a protest rally and a daylong hearing where about 200 speakers addressed the board .
By sheer force of its population size , Texas has long held outsize influence on national textbook publishers , some of whom sent curriculum writers to take notes in the boardroom .
Recently , several cities around the country have begun to look at the possibility of creating streetcar transportation systems .
According to an article on Inhabitat , 22 US cities are considering instituting streetcar systems .
Streetcars have appeal to several cities not only as a convenient , more environmentally friendly method of transportation , but also as a tool to spark economic development .
The Inhabitat article states that in Portland , Oregon , which was the first city to build a streetcar system , “ 53 percent of the area ’s downtown development has occurred along the streetcar line ” since 1997 .
In 2007 USA Today also looked at the reemergence of streetcars as a tool for green transportation and economic stimulus .
A Streetcar Name Forbes - Fifth
Imagine getting onboard a trolley at Market Square and being connected to :
Point Park University – Art Institute – Downtown – City and County Government – Duquesne University – Mercy Hospital – Palumbo Center – Uptown – Magee Hospital – Oakland – Carnegie Museum – Carnegie - Mellon University – Squirrel Hill – Chatham University – Frick Park – Penn Avenue – Homewood – Point Breeze – East Liberty – Shadyside – Shadyside Hospital – Hillman Cancer Center – University of Pittsburgh – Montefiore Hospital – Presbyterian Hospital – Petersen Event Center – Carlow University – Hill District – Consol Energy Center – Robert Morris University – and back downtown to Market Square .
This " smart sheet " can instantly fold into a boat or a plane without any human assistance .
It 's the first step toward being able to carry any imaginable tool around with you in the form of a single paper - like sheet .
Advertisement
Called programmable matter , the sheet is made up of interconnected triangular sections .
These sections are arranged using principles of the ancient Japanese art of origami .
As lead author Robert Wood explains :
" The process begins when we first create an algorithm for folding .
Similar to a set of instructions in an origami book , we determine , based upon the desired end shapes , where to crease the sheet . "
Advertisement
The sheet has lots of little switches and tiny strips of circuitry , which are organized so that they can automatically manage the folding process without any human input .
All the engineers have to do is provide the proper amount of electricity to what they 've nicknamed an " Origami robot " and the folding begins .
So what does the end result look like ?
Take a look for yourself :
The sheet is n't just a cool toy , either .
( Although it is one hell of a cool toy . )
Its designers see some practical purposes for the folding technology , like smart cups that can automatically adjust in size based on how much liquid they contain or an all - purpose device that could reconfigure itself from a wrench to a tripod to ... well , just about anything .
As Robert Wood puts it :
The Shape - Shifting Sheets demonstrate an end - to - end process that is a first step towards making everyday objects whose mechanical properties can be programmed .
Read more via Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
Yesterday 's Google I / O keynote brought about a number of big newsbits -- a Chrome web app store , the open WebM video format , and so forth -- but even more tantalizing were Vic Gundotra 's not - so - subtle hints at some major announcements coming at today 's keynote .
Will we finally get some details on Android 's latest updates on the food roadmap
University of Wisconsin - Stout wins Rube Goldberg contest
University of Wisconsin - Stout team captain Andrew Behnke hoists the Rube Goldberg Machine Contest trophy as co-captain Ian Billings looks on .
In the background is Purdue University student Keegan Klauke , chairman of the national Rube Goldberg contest .
( Purdue University photo / Mark Simons ) Download image
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind. —
A team from the University of Wisconsin - Stout won the 23rd annual Rube Goldberg Machine Contest on Saturday ( March 27 ) at Purdue University .
Wisconsin - Stout located in Menomonie , was competing in the national competition for the first time .
The team 's machine was called " Valley of the Kings " and had an Egyptian theme , telling a tale of events following the death of King Tut .
The task for the Rube Goldberg machines this year was to dispense sanitizer into a hand .
Wisconsin - Stout 's machine dispensed the sanitizer into a mummy 's hand .
The Rube Goldberg competition , sponsored by Phi Chapter of Theta Tau fraternity , rewards machines that most effectively combine creativity with inefficiency and complexity .
Machines must use at least 20 steps to complete the task in no more than two minutes .
Teams have three tries to complete two runs .
Points are deducted if students have to assist the machine once it has started .
The Wisconsin - Stout machine has 120 steps .
The team completed two perfect runs with no interventions in about a minute and a half each .
This year is the first time the university has had a Rube Goldberg team .
But its co-captains , Andrew Behnke and Ian Billings , competed in a high school Rube Goldberg contest out of their hometown , Loyal , Wis .
The Wisconsin - Stout team came to the national contest after winning a regional at South Dakota School of Mines & Technology .
Co-captain Andrew Behnke explains the complexities of the University of Wisconsin - Stout Rube Goldberg machine .
It was the university 's first ever Rube Goldberg team .
( Purdue University photo / Mark Simons ) Download image
St. Olaf ' College of Northfield , Minn. , last year 's national winner , took second place with a medieval - themed machine .
Pennsylvania State University placed third with an " Indiana Jones " theme .
This year 's national contest , with 12 teams , was the largest in Rube Goldberg history .
Also competing were teams from the Purdue Society of Professional Engineers ; Ferris State University , Big Rapids , Mich . ; University of Texas ; University of Illinois ; State University of New York at Buffalo ; Michigan Technological University , Houghton ; Black Hawk College , Moline , Ill. ; Texas A&M ; and University of Toledo .
Thorp ( Wis . )
High School won the national high school Rube Goldberg Machine Contest , also held at Purdue Saturday .
Thorp also won the 2009 contest .
Kimberly ( Wis . )
High School took second place , and Cornerstone Christian Homeschoolers of Urbana , Ill. , came in third .
Also competing were Highland Senior High School , Anderson , Ind. ; Brandywine High School , Niles , Mich . ; St. Catherine 's High School , Racine , Wis. ; Jones College Prep , Chicago ; Stephen F. Austin High School , Sugar Land , Texas ; Gilmer High School , Gilmer , Texas ; and Maine South High School , Park Ridge , Ill .
Sponsors for this year 's competition were BP , Lockheed Martin , Omega Engineering , Priio , Rockwell Collins , BAE Systems , Alcoa , Ethicon Endo- Surgery and Ingersoll Rand .
Goldberg specialized in drawing whimsical machines with complex mechanisms to perform simple tasks .
He earned a degree in engineering from the University of California , Berkeley , in 1904 .
He worked as an engineer for the city of San Francisco for less than a year before becoming a sports cartoonist for the San Francisco Chronicle .
He received a Pulitzer Prize in 1948 for his political cartoons published by the New York Sun .
The Rube Goldberg Machine Contest dates back to 1949 when it began as a competition between two Purdue fraternities .
It was held until 1955 , then revived in 1983 and opened to all Purdue students .
The first national contest was held in 1988 .
Writer : Judith Barra Austin , 765-494-2432 , jbaustin@purdue.edu
Sources : Keegan Klauke , national contest chairman , kklauke@purdue.edu
Alex Gaul , high school contest chairman , argual@purdue.edu
Christopher Bollyn is an American journalist and researcher .
He is widely known for his extensive research on the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks that cost the lives of 2,976 victims and left more than 6,000 injured .
The U.S. government under former President George W. Bush blamed the terrorist group Al - Qaida as the main culprit of the attacks and adopted an aggressive policy towards Muslim nations .
It also enacted the USA PATRIOT Act and issued an illegal order to search and investigate the telephone and email communications of the U.S. citizens under the pretext of discovering and mapping out possible threats to U.S. national security .
Bollyn has written on U.S. –Israel relations comprehensively and believes that a powerful corporate cartel of Zionists control and mastermind large - scale U.S. foreign policy .
What follows is the full text of an in - depth interview with Christopher Bollyn in which we discuss the post 9 - 11 “ War on Terrorism ” project devised by the Bush administration , the alleged complicity of the state of Israel in the 9 - 11 attacks , the fate of the Israeli regime in the wake of its growing isolation , the stance of the United States towards Iran ’s nuclear program , and the double standards it exercises with regards to Israel ’s military nuclear program .
Kourosh Ziabari : Dear Christopher ; you ’ve written on the 9/11 attacks and the involvement of the Mossad and CIA in the attacks extensively .
The former Italian President Francisco Cossiga has also claimed that Mossad and the CIA were involved in the attacks .
Would you please summarize for our readers the evidence that , according to your research , indicates that Israel created the 9/11 catastrophe ?
Christopher Bollyn :
The earliest evidence of Israeli involvement in 9 - 11 was actually revealed in the news on the very day of the terror attacks and shortly thereafter , but never followed up in the mainstream media .
First , there was the van of 5 Israelis who were arrested in New Jersey on 9 - 11 .
This group , which included two Mossad agents known to U.S. law enforcement , had been observed videotaping the destruction of the Twin Towers with themselves celebrating in front of the camera , flicking their lighters and laughing with the burning towers in the background across the river .
These Israelis worked for a fake moving company , Urban Moving Systems of Weehawken , New Jersey , which actually turned out to be a Mossad front operation .
Dominic Suter , the head of the phony company , was allowed to escape to Israel shortly after 9 - 11 although he was a terror suspect being investigated by the FBI .
The five Israelis , some of whom refused or failed lie detector tests , were caught in possession of multiple passports , box cutters , and a large amount of cash stuffed in their socks .
Their van tested positive for explosives when checked by New Jersey police , at least until the FBI took over the investigation .
When the five Mossadniks were returned to Israel in November 2001 , three of them appeared on a popular television show and openly admitted that their mission had been to document the terror attacks .
Who had given them this mission was not discussed .
[ Editor ’s note :
The Israeli ’s explained that their purpose in filming the burning towers was to document the event and did not claim to have had foreknowledge of the attacks . ]
Secondly , there were some 4,000 Israelis who were expected to have been at the World Trade Center , as per the Israeli foreign ministry and the Jerusalem Post , who did not show up for work on 9 - 11 .
[ Editor ’s note : The Jerusalem Post story in fact read , “ The Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem has so far received the names of 4,000 Israelis believed to have been in the areas of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon at the time of the attack . ”
An estimated 10 to 15 percent of the victims of the attacks on the towers were Jewish . ]
There were text messages sent on Odigo , an Israeli - owned instant messaging system , warning of the terror attacks several hours before the first plane hit the towers .
These warnings were evidently sent in Hebrew and warned of terror attacks at the World Trade Center .
Alex Diamandis , Odigo ’s vice president , said , “ The messages said something big was going to happen in a certain amount of time , and it did – almost to the minute . ”
The Odigo story was reported in the Washington Post , but not a single New York newspaper picked it up .
The Post reported that the FBI had sent a team to Israel to investigate the content and origin of these messages , but the story was dropped and never investigated any further in the U.S. media .
How odd .
Both of these stories were reported , but only briefly and then dropped into the memory hole .
I began my 9 - 11 research by investigating these stories .
With such clear evidence of Israeli prior knowledge of the attacks , I pursued my investigation to see if Israelis or Zionists were involved in other key aspects of the crime or the cover - up , and I found that they were .
Indeed , orthodox Jews and Zionists cropped up at every critical point of the operation , which I discuss in detail in my book , Solving 9 - 11 – The Deception that Changed the World .
The key U.S. official behind the 9 - 11 cover - up was Assistant Attorney General Michael Chertoff , an Israeli citizen and son of a Mossad agent .
Chertoff was the head of the criminal division of the Department of Justice at the time and the top boss of the FBI .
From this position Chertoff managed the FBI ’s “ non-investigation ” of 9 - 11 , and supervised the confiscation and destruction of the critical evidence from the crime scenes , such as videotapes , aircraft debris , and more than 99 percent of the steel from the World Trade Center .
The destruction of this crucial evidence is a crime in and of itself .
KZ : You ’ve come to the conclusion that Israel was the main culprit of the 9/11 attacks ; however , your opponents categorize you as a conspiracy theorist .
Is this a fair judgment ?
CB : A conspiracy is a secret plan by a group of people to do something harmful or illegal .
There is certainly no question that the terror attacks of 9 - 11 were planned and carried out by a group of people acting in secret .
A conspiracy theorist in this context would be a person who believes that a conspiracy is behind the terrorism attacks that started the so - called “ War on Terror . ” Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama have both stated that an Islamic conspiracy , headed by Osama Bin Laden and Al Qaida , is behind 9 - 11 .
Based on this specious and unproven assertion , the Bush administration invaded Afghanistan in October 2001 and began a war of occupation which the Obama administration has adopted as its own and continues to fight to this day .
President Obama says the U.S. is fighting the war in Afghanistan because of 9 - 11 .
I , on the other hand , consider 9 - 11 to be an unsolved crime and have pursued my investigation based on the available evidence .
Since the evidence indicates that Israeli intelligence had prior knowledge of the attacks and because prior knowledge of something like 9 - 11 is indicative of involvement in the crime , I have worked on the hypothesis that the state of Israel was involved in 9 - 11 and have pursued my investigation along that line .
That does not make me a conspiracy theorist .
One of the main reasons I rejected the government claim that Al Qaida was behind 9 - 11 is because all the evidence indicates that the Twin Towers and WTC 7 were demolished with explosives .
The plane crashes did not bring down the Twin Towers and Larry Silverstein ’s 47 - story building , which collapsed a block away without even being hit .
When I learned in the summer of 2002 that molten iron had been found at the base of all three towers , I knew I had evidence that the Bush administration ’s explanation of what had happened to the World Trade Center was false .
This important discovery revealed that the public had been lied to by the government about what really happened on 9 - 11 .
The publication of the peer - reviewed paper about the discovery of large amounts of active super - thermite in the dust of the demolished World Trade Center by Dr. Steven E. Jones and others in March 2009 provides scientific proof that an extremely energetic form of thermite , made with nanotechnology , was responsible for the pulverization of the 220 concrete floors of the Twin Towers , and everything on them .
[ Editor ’s note : the paper can be found here . ]
This is what created the immense clouds of hot dust that everyone saw on 9 - 11 .
Survivors have said that the dust was burning hot .
This is because it contained tiny droplets of molten iron , which were described and shown in the U.S. Geological Survey study of the dust .
The hot spots that burned beneath the rubble for three months were hotter than the boiling point of iron and created nano - size particles that were found in large quantities in the smoke rising from the pile .
These were all clear indications that thermite had been used to demolish the towers .
Logically , the discovery of chips of super - thermite in the dust marked the end of the official version as an acceptable explanation for what happened to the Twin Towers .
Neither Osama Bin Laden nor Al Qaida had anything to do with the creation or application of the super - thermite that pulverized the World Trade Center .
These facts are becoming clear to a growing number of people .
The game is over for the 9 - 11 cover - up crowd .
KZ : You introduced Michael Chertoff as the key person responsible for the destruction of 9/11 evidence .
Is n’t the U.S. administration really aware of the fact that , as you believe , Israel was behind the 9/11 attacks ?
Have the U.S. statesmen ever referred to the research carried out by you and other scholars who put forward evidence that Israel carried out the 9/11 attacks ?
CB : In March 2010 , Dr. Alan Sabrosky , the former Director of Strategic Studies at the U.S. Army War College , said in a radio interview : “ It is one hundred percent certain that 9 - 11 was a Mossad operation , period . ”
Dr. Sabrosky also stated that high - level U.S. military officers know that Israel did it .
Dr. Sabrosky is , to my knowledge , the first person from the U.S. military establishment to have publicly supported the hypothesis that Israeli intelligence was behind 9 - 11 .
I have not heard of any U.S. statesman refer to my research although I am sure there are many politicians who are aware of it .
KZ :
The war on terrorism project was initially set off following the 9/11 attacks .
In other words , the 9/11 attacks played into the hands of the U.S. administration to launch military strikes against Iraq and Afghanistan , as alleged state sponsors of terrorism .
Is there any third country which is liable to be targeted next ?
Is this third country going to be Iran ?
Bollyn :
My hypothesis is that 9 - 11 was an Israeli - designed “ false - flag ” operation that was meant to be blamed on Al Qaida in order to kick - start the Zionist - designed “ War on Terror . ”
Actually , Iran is probably the main target , at least in the minds of the Zionist war planners .
This is because the CIA and the Mossad got kicked out of Iran when Shah Pahlavi was overthrown in 1979 .
The foreign oil corporations , big capital , and their intelligence agencies want to get Iran back under their control .
I always thought that the name “ Central Command ” or CENTCOM was a strange name for the military command that oversees U.S. operations in the Middle East – central to whom ?
Iran now finds itself surrounded by U.S. military interventions on three sides and CENTCOM is based in Qatar , right in the middle .
Furthermore , Iran has long been the target of a concerted effort led by the Zionists and the controlled press to impose sanctions in an effort to weaken the largest independent nation in the Middle East .
This is why they use the issue of Iran ’s nuclear development , most unfairly , as a club to attack the Iranian government .
The Zionist Axis of New York , London , and Tel Aviv refuses to accept that Iran is not under their control .
KZ : You ’ve published pictures on your website which depict the Jews demonstrating against Tel Aviv , holding placards that read : “ The state of Israel does not represent world Jewry ” .
Is the controversial regime of Israel , which is even criticized by a large number of its own citizens , going to survive with the trajectory it has adopted ?
CB : No .
I do n’t see how a small , artificial state run by terrorists and despised by its neighbors and most of the world can possibly survive in the long term .
It simply is not sustainable .
This is , after all , why 9 - 11 was carried out – to bring the U.S. military into the Middle East to protect the Zionist hegemony in the region .
Public opinion , however , has turned strongly against Israel as a result of a long string of Zionist crimes and atrocities .
A state that is so despised simply cannot survive for long .
KZ : United States officials regularly reaffirm their commitment to the security of Israel and disallow the international community to hold it accountable for the war crimes it commits .
Is it possible for the international bodies , including the United Nations Security Council , to investigate Israel ’s criminal conduct independently and put on trial Tel Aviv officials while the United States continually supports the Jewish state ?
CB : This is the real problem .
Zionist influence and control over the U.S. government prevents the international community from reining in the behavior of the nuclear - tipped outlaw state of Israel .
The U.S. veto in the U.N. Security Council has effectively protected Israel from sanctions for decades .
But the failure to enforce international law and apply corrective measures on the state of Israel has resulted in the creation of a monster - state that is now out of control .
Had the system of international law worked as it should , Israel would have been forced to adjust its behavior and find a way to live in peace with the Palestinians and its neighbors .
KZ : What do you think about the recent massacre of peace activists aboard the Freedom Flotilla who were heading towards the Gaza strip to break the siege of the beleaguered enclave ?
Why did the U.S. and European leaders keep silent in respect of the vicious assault of the Israel Defense Forces on the peace activists ?
Would the international reactions have been the same if Iran had carried out the attack ?
CB : Of course not .
If Iran had committed such a massacre on the high seas it would have been punished severely and immediately by the United Nations and international community .
Furthermore , if any other state besides Israel were to impose a blockade on 1.5 million civilians causing extreme hardship and suffering , it would be condemned by every nation in the world .
To understand the mild response of the Obama administration to the blockade and the massacre of the nine Turkish peace activists we should recall that Rahm Emanuel , the chief of staff of the Obama White House , was in Israel the week before the attack and met with Benjamin Netanyahu only four days before the Israeli assault on the Freedom Flotilla .
It should be noted that Emanuel , an Israeli citizen and the son of an Irgun terrorist , runs the Obama administration .
When it comes to the European response , we now have a weak centralized European Union that discourages unilateral actions taken by the member states .
Furthermore , European foreign ministers remember very well what happened to Anna Lindh of Sweden who had called for a European boycott of Israel .
She was murdered in broad daylight in Stockholm .
KZ : In one of your recent articles , you ’ve reviewed the bankruptcy of three Icelandic banks and related it to the Israeli regime ’s plundering of Iceland ’s economy .
Would you please elaborate on this for us and our readers ?
CB : The bankrupting of Iceland ’s three biggest banks in the fall of 2008 was caused by a foreign - run operation which involved people connected to the Mossad and the most extreme right - wing politicians from the Likud , including Benjamin Netanyahu and Ehud Olmert .
The First Lady of Iceland also happens to be an Israeli .
The operation basically gained control of the privatized and deregulated banks and puffed them up as it sucked money out of them in the form of billions of dollars in unsecured loans .
The privatized banks were simply loaded up with debt and pushed off a cliff .
The Icelandic banks were lending huge amounts of money to dodgy Jewish financial tycoons left and right – without any collateral of real value .
The largest Icelandic bank to fail , Kaupthing , for example , lent more than $ 2.5 billion to the Tchenguiz operation , which is run by Victor Tchenguiz in Israel .
Robert Tchenguiz , who received billions from Kaupthing , was also one of the largest stockholders in the bank .
The plundering of the banks of Iceland is very similar to the Bernard Madoff scam , the bank failures , and the huge bail - out that occurred at the same time in the United States .
Madoff was the chairman of the Sy Syms business school at Yeshiva University .
His partner , the late Sy Syms , was also a long - standing director of the privatized Israel Discount Bank of New York , which has a branch in Switzerland that operates under Swiss bank secrecy laws .
Kaupthing also had a bank in Luxembourg that had a Swiss branch in Geneva .
When Kaupthing collapsed , their Luxembourg subsidiary with the Swiss branch were taken over by David Rowland , an offshore financier who works closely with Israeli intelligence .
When the Icelandic banks collapsed under a mountain of debt , the national government and international lenders were called in to absorb the losses while the bank robbers escaped with the money they stashed in secret bank accounts in Switzerland .
KZ : The United States frequently attacks Iran over its human rights record and what is claimed to be the undemocratic nature of the Iranian regime .
Should we take the Washington ’s accusations for granted , we come across to the identical situations in countries such as Saudi Arabia and Egypt in which the human right records are far more disappointing and deplorable than Iran ; however , the United States maintains close ties with them and never states a single word in protest to their repression of the public freedoms and violations of human rights .
How is it possible to justify this double standard ?
CB : This is the typical double standard seen in U.S. foreign policy .
Any behavior is acceptable from a regime that is willing to play ball with big capital , big oil , and Israel .
On the other hand , any regime that refuses to go along will find itself ostracized and penalized .
The Hamas government of Palestine is a good example .
Hamas won the democratic election fair and square , but because it refuses to accept Israeli demands and conditions , it has been ostracized .
Meanwhile , Mahmoud Abbas is treated as the president of Palestine by the United States although he has not been elected and simply extends his term like a tyrant .
Iran is treated in the same way .
It is ostracized because it pursues its own national interests and challenges the Anglo - American and Zionist hegemony in the Middle East .
This is why the U.S. uses its influence to sanction Iran for its nuclear development program , which is legal and monitored , while completely ignoring Israel ’s secret nuclear arsenal .
We should remember that BP , the oil company that has mucked up the Gulf of Mexico , originally started as the Anglo - Iranian Oil company , with the rights to virtually all the oil of Iran .
A BP tanker was the first ship to load up with Iraqi oil after the U.S. - led invasion and occupation of Iraq .
These are the people who wage war to steal the assets of sovereign nations .
KZ : What ’s your anticipation for the prospect of the Israeli regime ?
It is being isolated in the eyes of nations around the world while being supported by the U.S. and European governments .
Will the sponsorship of the U.S. and its EU allies for the state of Israel come to cease one day ?
Will the Washington – Tel Aviv ties eventually end in altercation and animosity ?
CB : The state of Israel is an artificial state that is protected and supported by the United States .
This support is due to Zionist influence and corruption of the American political system .
Were this to change and were Israel to lose the support of the U.S. government it would be unable to survive .
The current government in Israel is composed of the most extreme elements of Israeli society , which is increasingly becoming more orthodox and Russian .
Zionist moderates have been pushed aside by the most aggressive and unscrupulous extremists .
Those who could have made peace have been killed and replaced by terrorists who know only war .
The people of the United States are fed up with these costly and disastrous wars in the Middle East .
A growing number are becoming aware that we have been conned into these wars .
The growing divide between the people who know they have been lied to and the government who covers up the truth about 9 - 11 is simply not sustainable .
The United States is sitting on a political fault line that may slide at any time .
When the truth of 9 - 11 reaches a critical mass there will be a political earthquake that will sweep the criminals from power .
This is why the discovery of super - thermite in the dust of the World Trade Center is so important , because it marked the end of the government version of 9 - 11 as an acceptable explanation .
When the deception and lies about 9 - 11 are exposed and the Zionist and Israeli culprits revealed , Israel will be left without a friend in the world .
The racist and militant Zionist regime of Israel is bound to pass from the stage of history just like the communist dictatorships of the Soviet Union and the apartheid regime of South Africa .
Such deeply unpopular regimes often fall without a shot being fired .
They simply collapse because they are rotten to the core and unable to stand any longer .
I claim this furniture in the name of The Ottoman Empire !
You can keep this tiny ad :
the best week for a Garden Master course ( poor man 's poll )
When Steve Jobs unveiled the iPhone 4 earlier this month , critics had pointed out that the 5 - megapixel camera on the new iPhone did not match up to the 8 - megapixel sensors offered on rival devices like HTC EVO 4G .
The Apple CEO had however underlined the fact that megapixel count was only one metric to measure image quality and that the backlit - illuminated camera sensor technology on iPhone 4 shall render higher quality images .
A recent study of camera quality published by MacWorld has backed these claims .
For the study , MacWorld compared the quality of images shot on the new iPhone 4 with those captured by iPhone 3GS , HTC EVO 4G , Samsung Galaxy and Droid X. Basic point - and - shoot cameras from Samsung and Sony were also studied .
The results are interesting .
MacWorld concludes that the images rendered from the iPhone 4 camera were better than those rendered by rival smartphones like EVO 4G , Samsung Galaxy and Droid X – even though these smartphones came with 8 MP camera sensors .
Only the point - and - shoot cameras were seen to deliver better quality images .
This once again underlines the fact that megapixel count in isolation may not be an ideal parameter to compare camera sensors .
For the video quality test , MacWorld also included the Flip Video M2120 for the study .
The results are even more astounding .
The videos captured from iPhone 4 was seen to be not only better than the rival smartphones , but also videos shot using the point - and - shoot cameras .
Only Flip Video M2120 offered better quality videos .
Here are the final standings according to the study .
However , iPhone 4 had its areas of downside .
The audio quality on Flip Video and Samsung Galaxy were noted to be better than iPhone 4 , which shared its audio score with the Droid X .
These conclusions are also marginally reflected in another study conducted by the folks at Boy Genius Report who compared the HD video capability of the iPhone 4 against Droid X. BGR found that while Droid X was better than iPhone 4 in terms of audio quality and color accuracy , there were a few other critical aspects where the iPhone performed better .
For instance , files created using the H.264 format on the iPhone 4 consumed significantly lesser storage space than the video files captured on Droid X .
Also , with a better frame rate ( 30 fps on iPhone 4 compared to 24 fps on Droid X ) , iPhone 4 was seen to have a better HD video capability .
Let us know your views in the comments section below .
[ via MacWorld , BGR ]
PACKING FOAM
Packing Peanuts ?
Where to get it
Serving Suggestion
It 's also excellent as a breakfast cereal .
But eat quickly after pouring milk over it , it tends to get soggy fast .
Kellogs is working on a sugar coated version that will stay crunchy longer .
For a nice TV - Watching snack you might want to try this : home - made cheese doodles .
Put several handfuls of packing peanuts in a plastic bag along with the powdered " sauce " from a Kraft macaroni and cheese mix and 2 tsp salt .
Shake well .
Mmmmmmmm !
If you 're feeling a bit extravagant , you can serve it as a pasta dish .
Its the perfect touch for special occasions like 10th Anniversary , inviting the boss over , etc ...
Earthquake Tip : Keep some around for emergency use in case of earthquakes or other disasters .
These will keep for a long time .
Store in a dry place .
WARNING
Pope Accepts Resignation First Bishop Accused Of Sexual Abuse In Germany
The pope has accepted the resignation of a bishop at the center of the abuse scandal in Germany .
Walter Mixa , the former bishop of Augsburg , is accused of having committed violence against minors and financial irregularities .
Now allegations of sexual abuse are surfacing .
Before that court ruling was issued last year , the comptroller ’s office completed audits of 18 charter schools around the state .
Fourteen had significant financial irregularities , including one school that spent $ 67,951 on staff trips to the Caribbean , according to officials .
“ We do n’t have enough oversight , and that is clear , ” said State Senator Bill Perkins , a Harlem Democrat and charter critic .
“ I ’m not suggesting that this is rampant , but it undermines the integrity of the public ’s faith in charters . ”
Several New York agencies can issue charters : the State Board of Regents , the State University of New York and , in New York City , the city ’s Education Department .
In other cities , local school boards also have the ability to allow charter schools to open .
The issue of accountability has emerged as a major sticking point in negotiations over the bill , which would raise the cap on charters to 460 from 200 .
The bill has been passed by the Senate but remains stalled in the Assembly .
Even as the Obama administration promotes charter schools as integral to its education agenda , the inspector general in the federal Education Department has raised concern about growing accusations of financial fraud at schools around the country .
In New York , the Merrick Academy in Queens , which was founded by State Senator Malcolm A. Smith , has been subpoenaed by federal prosecutors over the possible misuse of school money to benefit Mr. Smith .
Mr. Smith , who is no longer affiliated with the school , has denied wrongdoing .
State officials acknowledge the need for better oversight , and the State Education Department has reorganized the office that reviews charter schools .
The goal , said Sally Bachofer , who now heads the office that oversees charters , is to hold “ schools to high academic and operational standards . ”
A man has been held at Karachi airport after batteries and an electrical circuit were found in his shoes as he tried to board a plane , reports say .
Mohammad Munir , spokesman for the airport security force , said the civil engineer was arrested when a scanner sounded an alarm at the airport .
He was scheduled to travel to the Omani capital Muscat on Thai Airways .
The suspect was not found in possession of explosives , but Mr Munir described the circuit discovery as " worrying " .
He told AFP news agency : " After the machine gave the alarm , we checked him manually .
" We have recovered four live batteries and a circuit , with a button to switch it on and off . "
The arrested man is said to be a Pakistani citizen in his 30s .
Martin McGuinness , deputy first minister in the Northern Ireland Assembly , was present at the rally , armed with a Thompson submachine gun , but it could not be proved whether he fired his weapon , Lord Saville found .
In any event he did nothing to provoke the soldiers into opening fire on members of the public , according to the report 's conclusions , which are disputed by the troops themselves .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has a clear and pointed message for the US military establishment :
Take “ a hard , unsparing look ” at what you ’re costing the US taxpayer during difficult economic times , and look for serious belt - tightening measures .
In a speech Saturday at the Eisenhower Library in Abilene , Kansas , Secretary Gates said : “ In each instance we must ask : First , is this respectful of the American taxpayer at a time of economic and fiscal duress ?
And second , is this activity or arrangement the best use of limited dollars , given the pressing needs to take care of our people , win the wars we are in , and invest in the capabilities necessary to deal with the most likely and lethal future threats ? ”
Gates noted that Dwight Eisenhower – who led the allies to victory in the European theater in World War II , then became president – had a “ passionate belief that the U.S. should spend as much as necessary on national defense – and not one penny more . ”
“ And with his peerless credentials and standing , he was uniquely positioned to ask hard questions , make tough choices , and set firm limits , ” Gates said .
Breaking the 'iron triangle '
Other presidents and defense secretaries have tried to rein in what was seen as unnecessary Pentagon spending , in particular big - ticket items beloved by the so - called “ iron triangle ” of military services , defense contractors , and their champions in Congress – the “ military - industrial complex ” Eisenhower famously warned of in his 1961 farewell address to the nation .
But “ looking back from today ’s vantage point , what I find so compelling and instructive was the simple fact that when it came to defense matters , under Eisenhower real choices were made , priorities set and limits enforced , ” he said .
“ This became increasingly rare in the decades that followed , despite the best efforts of some of my predecessors and other attempts at reform over the years . ”
Gates noted that since 911 , the Pentagon ’s base budget has nearly doubled – not counting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
“ Ripe for scrutiny , ” he said , is the overhead that accounts for nearly 40 percent of the defense budget – the activity and bureaucracy that supports the military mission .
In addition , Gates pointed to major weapons systems he finds questionable , including the alternative engine for the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter and the C - 17 airlifter programs .
“ I have strongly recommended a presidential veto if either program is included in next year ’s defense budget legislation , ” Gates said – a challenge to lawmakers in whose districts the parts for such programs are made .
That would be in line with the tough stands Gates and the Obama administration have been taking already : cancelling or curtailing about $ 330 billion in weapons systems .
The coming fight with Congress
Anticipating the fights he no doubt faces on Capitol Hill , Gates asks :
“ Should we really be up in arms over a temporary projected shortfall of about 100 Navy and Marine strike fighters relative to the number of carrier wings , when America ’s military possesses more than 3,200 tactical combat aircraft of all kinds ?
Does the number of warships we have and are building really put America at risk when the U.S. battle fleet is larger than the next 13 navies combined , 11 of which belong to allies and partners ?
Is it a dire threat that by 2020 the United States will have only 20 times more advanced stealth fighters than China ? ”
Specifically , and in addition to the weapons systems he wants to trim or ax , Gates is demanding a two to three percent reduction in overhead costs in the fiscal 2012 budget request .
But , he adds , “ Simply taking a few percent off the top of everything on a one - time basis will not do , ” Gates said .
“ These savings must stem from root - and - branch changes that can be sustained and added to over time . ”
In a discussion with reporters before his speech , Gates – a holdover from the Bush administration highly respected by both parties – said , “ It is not a great mystery what needs to change . ”
“ What it takes , ” he said , “ is the political will and willingness , as Eisenhower possessed , to make hard choices – choices that will displease powerful people both inside the Pentagon and out . ”
Related :
What can Robert Gates achieve in extra year at Pentagon ?
When Gates stared down the F - 22 lobbyists
it all started with i tweet i saw before going to bed from john mayer , who for the past few months , stopped using twitter .
“ 3 am show at Village underground …
Going to play an hour set . $ 10 . ”
i was about to go to bed when i saw this .
then something sparked in me .
something that said “ GET THE FUCK OUT OF BED AND GO . ” so , i did .
i threw on the shorts i just took off and picked out a clean shirt from my closet .
i rushed to put on a little makeup , grab my keys , wallet , and camera .
i scribbled the address on my left hand in sharpie ink and rushed down the stairs of my building .
i ran to 1st avenue to catch a cab .
as i sat in the cab , the adrenaline was rushing .
i wanted to scream out the windows , “ THIS IS NEW YORK , BABY ”
so i arrived to the venue , the villiage underground .
but i knew what was coming ; it was a bar .
i would not be allowed in without an i.d. at first i thought , “ damn this would have been a great time to have a fake i.d . ”
so i tried to get past the bouncer .
no luck .
i stood outside that bar , leaning against the pole holding some parking sign that i did n’t give a shit about .
i was n’t going to leave .
there were other dissappointed faces with me .
ones who were probably my age as well .
“ i’m so upset like WHAT THE HECK ” were the words of a girl dressed in a far - too - skanky dress for just going to see john mayer .
“ i know .
it sucks ” i replied .
“ whatever i’m leaving ” she said .
“ i’m staying … i have a good feeling about tonight ” even though i had the feeling of utter failure stained in my chest .
“ good luck .
i tried everything on those bouncers . ”
twenty minutes go by .
i keep making sad faces at the bouncers .
the other people my age leave .
then it happens .
john mayer , in the flesh , coming from my left side .
he was wearing light seersuckered pants , a white shirt , hipster glasses , and his guitar strapped to his back .
my mouth fell .
i had no words , so i began digging through my bag to grab the sharpie .
because as i always said to myself , if i ever met john mayer , i would have him autograph me and then i would get it tattooed to me .
i think i almost grabbed a tampon out of my bag instead .
he got closer , so i acted .
“ john !
they wo n’t let me in because i’m 19 ” i said
“ what ?
you ’re coming with me tonight . ” he said
“ really ? ! ” my heart was about ready to fall out of my mouth i was so happy .
“ yeah .
what ’s your name ? ”
“ elisabeth ! ”
“ elisabeth !? elisabeth ! ” he hugs me and keeps his arm around me .
“ it ’s been so long .
it ’s been since becky ’s party 5 years ago ! ” john has a weird sense of humor .
i love it .
“ yeah man .
that was a craaaazy party . ”
“ liz ? can i call you liz ? ”
“ yeah ? ”
“ do you promise not to drink tonight if i bring you in with me ? ”
“ i promise .
can we get a picture together ? ”
“ do n’t worry about that now . ” his photographer steps in and takes a few of us .
“ just save that for later . ”
“ my hair looks so bad .
i literally got out of bed and came . ” my hair was big … really , really big .
“ nah . it ’s cool .
your hair matches the weather . ” it had been raining all day in new york .
“ is this really happening ? ” i asked this to him
he smiles “ come on , let ’s go inside sweetheart . ”
so i walk past the bouncers who shot me down earlier with john ’s hand on my shoulder .
as i passed one bouncer i said , “ this is my lucky night , and i’m glad you ’re here to experience it . ” he laughed and shook my hand .
john and i made our way down the stairs and he said something else like , “ you ’re with me tonight , alright elisabeth ? ”
“ soooo can i get in for free ? ”
“ i just said you ’re with me ! of course ! ”
we walk up to where i should ’ve been paying if i had been a 21 year old allowed in the bar .
a woman who works there asks , “ john , who ’s with you ? ”
“ she ’s with me ” and he squeezes me a little with his arm .
he also points to his awesomely chill photographer and we go in .
i walk in with his arm still around my shoulder and wish him luck .
he thanks me .
and i thank him .
he begins to set up on stage as the group of 40 people clap and cheer some .
i blow a kiss at him and he returns it .
his nearly two hour set was filled with many jokes about himself , some of my favorite songs , and lots of smiling .
at the end of the show .
i shook his hand and thanked him again for bringing me .
he said “ anytime elisabeth .
thank you for coming . ”
he remember my name after two hours .
i left the venue and it was light out .
i know how truly lucky i am to be alive and living in new york .
After the suicide of a Gulf Coast fishing boat captain , Rep. Charlie Melancon ( D - La. ) on Friday called on BP to fund efforts to address the " rising number of mental health problems " in the region caused by the massive oil spill .
" As we enter the third month of the Deepwater Horizon oil leak , it is becoming increasingly clear that Louisianans living along the gulf are not only suffering economically from this disaster , but also struggling emotionally from the stress and uncertainty of this tragedy , " he said in a letter to BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg .
One agency reported that they had referred more than 1,500 people for counseling because of signs of depression , according to the congressman , who said that in town hall meetings , he has heard from residents who said they have been " overly stressed , anxious , or and / or depressed " because of the disaster .
-- Richard Simon in Washington
Photo : Kelli Kruse , daughter of captain William " Rookie " Kruse , who apparently committed suicide Wednesday , is consoled at the dock where her father 's boat " Rookie , " was moored in Gulf Shores , Ala .
Credit : Carolyn Cole / Los Angeles Times .
The Colonel wears a Los Angeles Rams jacket and hat .
The Rams moved from Los Angeles to St. Louis in 1994 , only to move back to Los Angeles in 2016 .
See more
Goofs
After the skaters are told that they have to head to the intersection of Harbor and Katella , they go into a residential neighborhood .
In actuality , Harbor and Katella are major thoroughfares in Anaheim , and the intersection of Harbor Boulevard and Katella Avenue is within walking distance of Disneyland .
In fact , Harbor and Katella were the nearest cross-streets to the Cosmic Age Lodge where Vinh is killed earlier in the film .
See more
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Dennis
Hopper took what may be his final bow Friday as his star was dedicated on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame .
His lawyer and doctor told the judge overseeing his divorce this week that Hopper is dying of prostate cancer , but the 73 - year - old actor was smiling broadly during the ceremony .
" I just want to thank you , " Hopper told the crowd surrounding him .
" That 's all I can do . "
" Easy Rider " co-star Jack Nicholson stood behind Hopper as Hollywood star number 2,403 was revealed with Hopper 's name in front of the Egyptian Theater .
Other stars on hand included director David Lynch and singers Johnny Mathis and Dwight Yoakam .
With his 6 - year - old daughter , Galen , by his side , Hopper waved and bowed to hundreds of fans lining a barricade along Hollywood Boulevard .
Hopper 's doctor called him " extremely weak " and said he weighs barely 100 pounds in a court document filed this week , but he walked on his own during the 45 minutes he was at the ceremony .
His forehead and right hand were bandaged , but not because of his illness .
Hopper said he " took a terrible fall " and " got pretty screwed up " as photographers followed him outside his Venice , California , home Thursday .
" I want to thank the paparazzi , " he said .
" I know you 've got a tough job , but sometimes you ought to be a little more sensitive . "
Hopper , who is undergoing radical chemotherapy for advanced , metastasized prostate cancer , is also divorcing his wife of 14 years , Victoria Hopper .
i Reporter captures the star ceremony
He is too weak and ill to be questioned by lawyers in the divorce , but attending Friday 's ceremony " is a positive experience in every way , " his doctor 's sworn statement said .
The couple separated in January when he filed for divorce , claiming the stress of their relationship was threatening his life as he battled cancer .
" The presence of his estranged wife is hampering Mr. Hopper 's present cancer care as she introduces significant additional stress into his life , " Dr. David Argus said .
" The less Mr. Hopper has to do with his estranged wife at this time , the more likely he is to have his life extended . "
Victoria Hopper 's lawyer did not immediately respond to calls for comment .
The divorce case is set for an April 5 hearing in Los Angeles County Superior Court .
i Report : Hopper surrounded by friends , family at ceremony
Hopper said the Starz cable network paid for his Hollywood star ceremony , which cost $ 25,000 .
His last acting job was on " Crash , " the TV series based on the Oscar - winning movie of the same name .
Hopper 's acting career has spanned almost six decades .
In the '50s he had roles in several TV shows and films , including " Rebel Without a Cause " ( 1955 ) and " Giant " ( 1956 ) .
He became a Hollywood sensation for " Easy Rider , " the 1969 film he directed and co-wrote in which he played a dissolute , countercultural biker .
BRISBANE lags behind every other state capital in a survey of the world 's most liveable cities but is better than New York , Tokyo and London .
Sydney has retained its spot in the top ten of the world 's most liveable cities - remaining stable in tenth place in the global survey , scoring 106.3 points and overshadowing Melbourne , which ranks 18th on 104.8 points .
Australia 's other state capitals are out of the world 's top 20 , but still in the top 40 , with Perth ranked 21st , Canberra 26th , Adelaide 32nd and Brisbane 36th .
But all Australia 's major cities were beaten by the Kiwis , with Auckland taking out fourth position , equal with Vancouver , Canada .
New Zealand 's capital also did well , with Wellington holding its 12th position from last year .
The 2010 Mercer Quality of Living Survey is based on 39 criteria , including political , socio- economic , environmental , health , education , and transport .
The survey covered 221 cities and compared them to New York as the base city , which was ranked in 49th position with an index score of 100 .
It found the most liveable city in the world is Vienna , Austria , with 108.6 points , while Switzerland 's Zurich and Geneva followed in second and third position respectively .
Baghdad in Iraq is ranked last with just 14.7 points , coming in below Bangui in the Central African Republic and N'Djamena in Chad .
Mercer says Australian and New Zealand cities continue to boast world - class quality of living standards and remain attractive destinations for overseas expatriates .
In Mercer 's eco-city ranking list , Calgary in Canada has taken out the top spot followed by Honolulu in the United States .
The only Australian city to make the top ten in the eco-city rankings is Adelaide in seventh position .
Criteria for the eco-city ranking include air pollution , traffic congestion , water availability , waste removal and sewage treatment .
Mercer Quality of Living Survey 2010 :
Top ten cities in the world :
1. Vienna , Austria
2. Zurich , Switzerland
3. Geneva , Switzerland
4. ( tie ) Auckland , New Zealand
4. ( tie ) Vancouver , Canada
6. Dusseldorf , Germany
7. ( tie ) Frankfurt , Germany
7. ( tie ) Munich , Germany
9. Bern , Switzerland
10 . Sydney , Australia
Australian and New Zealand cities listed in the survey :
4. Auckland , New Zealand
10 . Sydney , Australia
12 . Wellington , New Zealand
18 . Melbourne , Australia
21 . Perth , Australia
26 . Canberra , Australia
32 . Adelaide , Australia
36 . Brisbane , Australia
Other well - known cities :
32 . San Francisco
34 . Paris
39 . London
40 . Tokyo
49 . New York
54 . Rome
71 . Hong Kong
75 .
Athens
114 . Beijing
116 . Rio de Janeiro
Top ten eco-city ranking 2010 ( as judged on the criteria of water availability , waste removal , sewage , air pollution and traffic congestion ) :
1. Calgary , Canada
2. Honolulu , United States
3. ( tie ) Ottawa , Canada
3. ( tie ) Helsinki , Finland
5. Wellington , New Zealand
6. Minneapolis , United States
7. Adelaide , Australia
8. Copenhagen , Denmark
9. ( tie ) Kobe , Japan
9. ( tie ) Oslo , Norway
9. ( tie ) Stockholm , Sweden
Originally published as Brisbane better than New York
As the nation remains engrossed - and disgusted - by plumes of oil gushing from BP 's wellhead on the ocean floor in the Gulf of Mexico , the Alaskan Exxon Valdez spill of the 1980s comes to mind .
Similar to that experience , we will see everyone from federal and local governments to private landowners and local businesses filing lawsuits against BP .
But what the public may not know is that it may end up footing a good portion of BP 's legal damages , fees and costs because they are tax deductible .
History tells the tale .
After long battles with the federal government and the State of Alaska , Exxon eventually settled for a reported $ 1.15 billion ( of which $ 125 million was forgiven in recognition of that company 's cooperation ) .
But the reality , according to the Congressional Research Service , is that the after - tax cost to Exxon was $ 524 million , and more than half of the $ 900 million in civil damages it paid were also tax deductible .
In other words , taxpayers picked up much of the bill .
The same slippery tax secret is at issue with BP .
Thanks to a commonly used provision in the Internal Revenue Code , the oil company may be able to deduct many of the settlements and judgments against it as " ordinary and necessary " business expenditures .
These deductions result in fewer taxes paid and , for a corporation like BP , the after - tax savings are as high as 35 percent , excluding any state and local income tax savings .
Worse , these deductions can be carried back two years and forward 20 years to more profitable times .
What constitutes an " ordinary and necessary " business expense was intentionally left undefined by Congress , because listing all these expenses ( e.g. , rent , salaries , utilities ) would be too lengthy and cumbersome .
The lack of a formal list has created some confusion about what deductions qualify , and generally speaking , the courts have been liberal in interpreting the rule .
As a result , companies have deducted as business expenses everything from judgments for patent infringement to settlements relating to antitrust disputes .
Legal and accounting fees are also often deductible if the lawsuit arises in the ordinary course of business .
And even claims resulting from a violation of state or federal law are able to be deducted as long as they are sufficiently connected to a business ' operations .
So , as unbelievable as it is , negligence , fraud and a host of other misdeeds may be deductible , as are punitive damages assessed for wrongdoings .
Juries are typically oblivious to the tax ramifications of such awards .
Consequently , punishment may be sharply different from what was intended .
( The Obama administration has proposed eliminating the tax deductibility of punitive damages . )
The deductibility of payments made to settle claims and judgments filed by government agencies is different .
The federal tax code specifically prohibits a deduction for any civil or criminal " fines or penalties " paid for the violation of any law .
Compensatory damages on the other hand , even if paid to a government , are deductible .
Thus , whether or not a payment is deductible depends on the specifics of the law violated .
Criminal fines are generally not deductible , but civil fines are murky .
If the intent is paying for the damage caused or otherwise making a victim whole , then the deduction is allowed .
If , on the other hand , a civil penalty is intended to penalize a certain behavior , then the payment is punitive and the deduction is not permitted .
In any case , we can anticipate a protracted fight by BP with regard to any violations of the nation 's pollution control laws and non-environmental laws that may apply .
In this fight , BP will certainly characterize any civil monetary sanctions as compensatory payments to the government for harm suffered , therefore qualifying them as tax - deductible expenses .
Ultimately , each settlement or judgment will have to be analyzed separately to determine whether the associated payments are deductible in whole or in part , but BP is likely to win on many fronts here .
But one thing is for sure :
Even when BP loses , we will all pay a portion of its greasy mess .
Least Fixed Ltd. Jubilee House , East Beach , Lytham St. Annes , FY8 5FT .
Cº Nº 8314925 , England and Wales .
VAT Nº GB153228820 .
Based in Cambridge , UK .
Bone Marrow : Delicious , Nutritious and Underappreciated
If you ’re truly interested in consuming the original Primal brain food , look no further than bone marrow : perhaps the first reliable source of large , fatty animal products our scrappy ancestors were able to procure .
Yes , before we became spear - using cunning tacticians surrounding , stalking , and out - maneuvering large prehistoric ungulates , we feasted on the bones of fallen prey .
Or , more accurately , we feasted on what lurked inside the bones ( and the skulls , for that matter ) .
Animal fat and protein improved the quality of our diet by making digestion less energy intensive .
Bone marrow , especially , was highly caloric and nutrient dense , allowing early human ancestors to divert metabolic resources away from the costly digestion of roughage and toward bigger , costlier brains .
This spurred the increase in hominid brain size that we still enjoy today .
That was around two million years ago , when Homo habilis used rudimentary stone tools to strip and smash bones .
He was small and relatively diminutive – too small to take down big game – but he could hoist a big smashing stone overhead once the apex predators had gone .
And he could probably fend off the hyenas , the vultures , and any other scavengers dead set on sucking the marrow .
In fact , we may have learned about the delicious , nourishing paste by watching vultures drop femurs from the sky and pick out the marrow .
There ’s clearly something special ( nutritionally ) about bone marrow .
Animals go for the marrow , instinctively , for example .
Wolves given access to full deer carcasses gravitated toward those bones with “ high marrow yields , ” taking care to “ destroy the epiphyses ” where the marrow was most plentiful .
When I toss my dog a big smorgasbord of raw bones , organs , and muscle meat , he heads straight for the marrow before anything else , every single time .
It goes marrow , liver , heart , muscle meat .
It ’s interesting to see what the high - powered , raw senses of a nearly obligate carnivore chooses when determining which animal product is best to eat .
As for the nutritional content , consider this data ( PDF ) on standard “ African ruminant marrow ” , courtesy of Loren Cordain .
Three and a half ounces of the stuff contain 488 calories , 51 grams of fat ( mostly monounsaturated , as I understand ) , and 7 grams of protein – extremely dense .
I can understand why we were driven to come up with new methods of obtaining it .
The way wild animals and traditional cultures prized it as much or more so than other fatty , rich cuts suggests that there ’s more to marrow than just the fat .
As we all know , meat , especially fatty meat , contains more than just a lopsided macronutrient ratio .
Meat , or any animal product , really , is the best , densest source of fat - soluble vitamins around .
Liver , heart , brains , ribeye are all prize cuts for their taste , their nutrition , and the various bioavailable micronutrients that come loaded in every delicious bite .
Plus , marrow is n’t just static stuff inside the bones .
It fulfills a role .
It fulfills many roles , actually .
It ’s made of osteoblasts ( which form bone cells using minerals ) , adipocytes ( fat cells ) , fibroblasts ( which form connective tissue ) , and osteoclasts ( which are responsible for bone resorption ) .
I was unable to obtain detailed info regarding the mineral / vitamin content of bone marrow , but if it ’s involved in bone and connective tissue formation / resorption , there are probably some choice components that make consumption particularly advantageous .
There ’s another reason – a big reason , actually – why animals of all stripes are drawn toward bone marrow and why you should head down to the butcher for some bones : the taste .
A subtle , creamy nuttiness , sometimes a bit sweet , always extremely rich , is not to be casually disregarded .
The taste is incredible , either eaten straight up with a touch of sea salt or as part of a rich , hearty stew .
Its high quality fuel imbued with vitamins and minerals , but it ’s delicious fuel that ’d be worth eating even if it were devoid of nutrition .
Luckily for us , though ( and counter to what we ’re taught about nutrition ) , what appeals to our taste buds on a basic level usually also nourishes .
Marrow may be a “ sinful treat ” for most , but it deserves to be a kitchen staple for Primal eaters .
Bones are cheap , and most people that buy them buy them for their dogs .
You ’ll even see marrow bones marked as “ dog bones ” in shops .
Personally , I ’m glad they ’re an underappreciated food .
If people think of them as dog food , they stay inexpensive .
Dogs crave them , love them , but they ca n’t really spur demand and constrain supply .
They alone ca n’t drive the prices up .
So , for the time being , marrow bones , even the grass - fed stuff , remain highly affordable .
Look for broad bones with big thick tubes of marrow .
The bones themselves are great fun for making stock afterwards , but you ’re paying for the marrow , so make sure you pick some meaty ones .
I ’d skip Whole Foods .
They charge about four bucks a pound for marrow bones , and they ’re from conventional , grain - fed cows .
If you ’re buying grain - fed , you might as well buy them from a local grocer for a couple bucks or , better yet , from an Asian grocer for less than a dollar per pound .
Grass - fed is best , of course , and the best way to get quality grass - fed bone marrow bones is from local or online farmers .
Try Eat Wild if your farmers ’ market meat guy does n’t carry any .
A few of the bone - in cuts will also have a nice shot of marrow , so keep that in mind .
The simplest , best way to prepare marrow is to roast the bones upright at 350 degrees Fahrenheit for 15 minutes .
Fat will leak out the bottom , and you want to eat it all , so use a pan , or at least catch the drippings with molded foil .
When the marrow begins to slightly bubble , it ’s ready to be eaten .
Thicker bones may need a bit more time in the oven , or you could do what I do and eat it slightly pink .
Buy from a trustworthy , reputable source and you ’ll be fine .
Use a narrow spoon or fork to scrape out the marrow ( you can even use a dedicated marrow spoon , if you can find one ) and top with a bit of coarse sea salt .
Serve with a small parsley , shallot , and lemon juice salad to cut through the creaminess of the marrow .
Getting every last bit of marrow out can be hard for beginners .
The interior of the bone is n’t smooth , but rather rutted and uneven .
If your spoon or fork is n’t fulfilling its duty to your satisfaction , use a combination of applied suction and probing tongue .
The suction will loosen any stubborn bits , allowing the tongue to snap ‘ em right up .
Another option entirely is to forgo the cutlery and apply suction directly to the loaded bone .
It ’s a tricky move , because you ’ve got to strike a balance between warm enough to slide out and hot enough to burn your mouth , but if you ’re able to master the preemptive slurp , nothing compares to a mouthful of gelatinous marrow .
If you have n’t tried it yet , get out there and buy some marrow bones .
Beef is standard , but any other large mammals will work .
And the next time you do a big bone - in roast , whether it ’s beef , veal , random African ruminant , or lamb leg , treasure the bone .
Do n’t dump it into the stock pot right away .
Instead , lay it out lovingly on a flat , sturdy surface .
Slice it lengthwise if you ’ve got the means ; otherwise , take a sledgehammer or a big rock and reduce the bone to pieces .
Pick the shards clean and suck them dry .
Then , and only then , may you toss them in the stockpot ( although seeing as how those shards went spelunking in your mouth , you may want to limit the resultant soup ’s ultimate audience ) .
Sucking on marrow bones seems to unlock latent primal ( small “ p ” ) urges in all of us , but that ’s okay ( as long as you avoid it as a first date meal ) .
If you find yourself turning progressively more feral as the marrow disappears from the bone , do n’t worry .
Even vegetarians have been observed scrounging , slurping , and gnawing at the remains of a bone marrow meal .
When it comes to getting the last delicious bits of bone marrow , total paleo reenactment is the only justifiable course of action .
Are you a fan of bone marrow ?
Never tried it ?
Share your thoughts in the comment board .
Thanks , everyone !
Sifu Renka Flickr Photo ( CC )
About the Author Mark Sisson is the founder of Mark ’s Daily Apple , godfather to the Primal food and lifestyle movement , and the New York Times bestselling author of The Keto Reset Diet .
His latest book is Keto for Life , where he discusses how he combines the keto diet with a Primal lifestyle for optimal health and longevity .
Mark is the author of numerous other books as well , including The Primal Blueprint , which was credited with turbocharging the growth of the primal / paleo movement back in 2009 .
After spending three decades researching and educating folks on why food is the key component to achieving and maintaining optimal wellness , Mark launched Primal Kitchen , a real - food company that creates Primal / paleo , keto , and Whole30 - friendly kitchen staples .
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
ACPO have published a list of " Frequently Asked Questions " ( you need to click on each question for the javascript to reveal the " answer " :
Note that none of these units is directly accountable to any individual Police Authority or even to an elected Government Minister .
Are there any " Domestic Extremism " police intelligence and surveillance units in Northern Ireland , or is everyone there treated as a potential terrorist ?
Are there any " Domestic Extremism " police intelligence and surveillance units in Scotland under the Association of Chief Scottish Police Officers ( APCor is this all simply handled by the Strathclyde ( Glasgow etc. ) and / or Borders and Lothian ( Edinburgh etc. )
Police forces ?
NCDE is made up of three units who work collaboratively to coordinate the police response to domestic extremism :
NCDE is the national lead on domestic extremism , on behalf of ACPO Terrorism and Allied Matters ( TAM ) , for the UK .
The alphabet soup of acronyms and the secrecy which surrounds them , are mechanisms for deliberately confusing the public and for passing the blame when things go wrong .
We are extremely worried that the Police seem to conflate every " single - issue campaign " which has public demonstrations or protests , with " domestic extremists "
Domestic extremists are generally associated with a single - issue campaign , and for policing purposes , have been categorised into five themes :
The term is generally used to describe the activity of individuals or groups carrying out criminal acts of direct action to further their protest campaign .
These people and activities usually seek to prevent something from happening or to change legislation or domestic policy , but attempt to do so outside the normal democratic process .
Exactly the same is true of terrorists - murder is murder regardless of any " terrorism " offences .
Unlike terrorism , which is defined in the UK by the Terrorism Act 2000 , there is no equivalent legal definition for domestic extremism .
This is because the crimes committed by those considered a domestic extremist already exist in common law or statute .
The National Coordinator Domestic Extremism was established in 2004 , with the aim of reducing , and where possible , removing the threat , criminality and public disorder associated with domestic extremism in the UK , and working with police forces to ensure the facilitation of peaceful , lawful protest .
The unaccountable taxpayer subsidised private company , the Association of Chief Police Officers , has now published a " micro- site " about its complicated and even more unaccountable and secretive Domestic Extremism quangos .
Which groups have been identified as domestic extremist campaigns or threats ?
The police will always have a duty to prevent crime and disorder , or where it does occur , to investigate the perpetrators .
However , the police do not publicly announce the identity of individuals or groups they regard as a threat or an operational priority unless it is necessary and prudent to do so ; a disclosure of that nature would be likely to compromise police operations and investigations .
The police and NCDE would always encourage campaign groups to liaise with the local police force wherever possible , to ensure public protest and associated campaign activities remain peaceful and lawful .
This is a stupid policy .
How are the public meant to know which groups are considered to be " domestic extremists " and therefore to shun them , not give them any support or money etc. , if the list is kept secret ?
The Home Office even publishes a list of Proscribed Terrorist groups ( although neither the Taliban nor any Chechen terrorist groups are listed ) .
Who is considered a domestic extremist ?
Single issue protest campaigns are regularly facilitated by police and local authorities who each have a duty to uphold the rights of individuals and groups to protest in public .
However , in recent years , a small number of groups and individuals have pursued a determined course of criminal activity designed to disrupt the public peace and lawful business , and at worst , repeatedly victimise selected individuals .
This activity has ranged from blackmail and serious intimidation in the name of animal rights ; bombing campaigns by violent and racist individuals associated with far right wing groups ; violent disorder from left wing or anarchist individuals , to large scale criminal damage against scientific GM crops studies and mass aggravated trespass or unlawful obstruction of lawful businesses associated with the national infrastructure of our country , such as power stations and airports by those who 's stated aim is to stop any business perceived to harm the environment .
How does NCDE deal with peaceful protest ?
The National Domestic Extremism
Unit is mainly concerned with those who choose to commit criminal offences in the name of protest .
The police take an interest in protest and also domestic extremism because each can impact on communities and can sometimes lead to disorder and crime .
Whilst the police have a duty to facilitate lawful protest , they also have responsibilities to prevent crime and disorder and to reduce disruption to society .
We will therefore have an interest in some individuals or groups that are involved with such events ; if there is potential for crime or disorder we will always need good quality information and sometimes intelligence to help us to assess potential risks and threats ; we will always try to balance what sometimes feels like competing needs of different groups within society .
The units do a great deal to assist forces in facilitating peaceful , lawful protest .
The National Domestic Extremism
Unit does not usually focus those who choose to protest peacefully and lawfully .
The unit is mainly concerned with those who commit criminal offences in furtherance of their campaign .
The words " does not usually focus " could mean that they do actually snoop on lawful , peaceful protestors with up to half their resources .
The units will have less interest in those who choose to sit down in the road or fasten themselves to gates to protest - we are mainly concerned with those who commit more serious offences .
However , police forces will always need to deal with such incidents .
More serious offences will include activity that has ranged from blackmail and serious intimidation in the name of animal rights ; bombing campaigns by violent and racist individuals associated with far right wing groups ; violent disorder from left wing or anarchist individuals , to large scale criminal damage against scientific GM crops studies and mass aggravated trespass or unlawful obstruction of lawful businesses associated with the national infrastructure of our country , such as power stations and airports by those who 's stated aim is to stop any business perceived to harm the environment .
Who does NCDE investigate ?
The role of the three units in NCDE is to assist police forces with specialist advice and expertise , to promote a coordinated response to domestic extremism .
They support forces dealing with incidents involving animal rights crimes , individuals from the extreme right wing who have made home made bombs and also some aspects of disorder and offending from some individuals within environmental groups .
NDET is responsible for co-ordinating police operations and investigations against domestic campaigns and extremists , as well as identifying possible linked crimes across the country .
What statutory powers does NCDE hold ?
NCDE is staffed by a combination of police officers and staff from across the country .
The police officers all hold the usual powers of a constable .
All operational work they are involved with has to comply fully with all aspects of legislation and is all carried out jointly with police forces .
Any police unit , including NCDE , comply fully with all legislation , including Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) , the Management of Police Information guidelines , the Data Protection Act and the Criminal Procedures and Investigations Act .
As such , all powers used are properly authorised and can be disclosed in the criminal justice system .
No national police units have any ' special ' powers above and beyond those of a police officer in a local force .
That is still a vast amount of legal power , especially when applied by secret police units who are not directly accountable to anyone .
N.B. the Common Law offence of Sedition has been recently repealed by Coroners and Justice Act 2009 section 79 Abolition of common law libel offences etc. with effect from last January 12th 2010 ( automatically 2 months after Royal Assent ) .
Who works for NCDE ?
ACC Anton Setchell is the head of NCDE , and the units within NCDE are staffed by around 100 serving police officers and employees of police forces across the country .
Steve Pearl is the public face of NETCU - the prevention unit of NCDE .
We do not proactively release the names of those working for NCDE for security reasons .
What are the names and ranks of the heads of the NPOIU and NDET ?
NPOIU and NDET typically provide support to police forces rather than to the public and much of the work that they are engaged in is of an operationally sensitive nature .
We therefore do not identify individuals within those two units .
That is not acceptable .
There is a case for hiding the identities of the low level officers and staff , but there is no excuse for the senior managers to hide their ranks or identities or office contact details .
They are paid to be senior leaders and managers , so they should be accountable to the public , who need to know who they are so that complaints and investigations
Where are NPOIU and NDET based ?
Both units are based in London .
For reasons of operational security we do not disclose the exact location of any of these units .
Why should these intelligence and surveillance units NPOIU and NDET be even more secretive and less contactable than MI5 the Security Service , Mi6 the Secret Intelligence Service or GCHQ ?
Even NETCU has a website , www.netcu.org.uk which publishes a postal address :
NETCU
PO Box 525
Huntingdon
PE29 9AL
There is no excuse for not publishing a Post Office Box contact address , a 24/7 ( freephone ) telephone contact , an email address , a SSL / TLS encrypted web contact form and a PGP Public Encryption / Digital Signing cryptographic key etc .
Do they really not want the public to provide them with intelligence tip offs ?
What is NCDE 's budget ?
The annual funding is approximately £ 9 m across all three units ; this money is provided jointly from the Home Office , police forces and from the CT Grant ( Home Office ) .
The £ 2 m that features on the ACPO accounts statement for the DE project is part of this overall funding .
So who independently scrutinises this budget ?
Nobody .
How do we know whether or not these secretive units are not wasting public money ?
How do we know that they have not suffered from financial scandals , like the abuse of American Express corporate credit cards by the Metropolitan Police specialist units ?
e.g. this BBC report Credit inquiry into 300 officers
Why do these secret Police intelligence and surveillance units not come under even the weak scrutiny of the Parliamentary Intelligence Services Committee ?
How many people work for NCDE ?
The level of staffing across the three units is about 100 , of which two thirds are police officers and one third are police staff .
How is NCDE linked to the Home Office ?
NCDE is independent of the Home Office , but works with Home Office and other government departments such as BIS , the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills .
Why was the unelected and disgraced Lord Mandelson allowed power or privileged access to such Police intelligence and surveillance units ?
Has BIS passed on such intelligence information to private sector vested interests ?
What links does NCDE have to the security services ?
These are policing units working to assist police forces .
The units will work wherever it is relevant or necessary with a wide range of other agencies and organisations both in the UK and abroad , just as police forces do .
We do not comment on specific organisations or the work we do with them .
By not clearly spelling out the rules of engagement or demarcation with the intelligence agencies , many innocent people will naturally fear the worst .
Is NCDE spying on us and contravening our human rights ?
No .
The police take an interest in protest and also domestic extremism because each can impact on communities and can sometimes lead to disorder and crime .
Whilst the police have a duty to facilitate lawful protest , they also have responsibilities to prevent crime and disorder and to reduce disruption to society .
We will therefore have an interest in some individuals or groups that are involved with such events ; if there is potential for crime or disorder we will always need good quality information and sometimes intelligence to help us to assess potential risks and threats ; we will always try to balance what sometimes feels like competing needs of different groups within society .
The units do a great deal to assist forces in facilitating peaceful , lawful protest .
Police forces do much to ensure that campaign groups can exercise their domestic freedoms of speech , but at the same time ensure communities can continue to enjoy their freedoms to go about their business or travel with minimum disruption and without being subjected to disorder or intimidation .
It is a small number who believe breaking the law is justifiable and will help further their campaign aims .
NCDE is there to support forces in facilitating peaceful , lawful protest and preventing that which is unlawful .
http://www.netcu.org.uk/lawful_protest/human_rights.jsp
So NCDE are in fact spying on us , but they claim that this is not " contravening our human rights "
Does NCDE hold personal information on individuals ?
Intelligence held by NCDE is owned by the police force that collected it .
NPOIU is responsible for coordinating intelligence from across the country in order to advise each force of the bigger picture .
However , the ownership of each piece of intelligence lies with the force it came from .
This is a deliberate technique for avoiding Data Protection Act and Freedom of Information
Act requests , by making it too easy for individual Police units to claim that someone else is in charge of the personal data which they hold and amend copies of .
If you set up a database , from multiple other data sources , you should be made responsible for any use or abuse of that collated intelligence resource and people should be able to contact you directly about it .
How many people are on the NPOIU database ?
At the most recent count , there are only 1,822 photos held by the NPOIU .
Considering this is a national police intelligence database and there are many hundreds of protest events every year , some attracting tens or hundreds of thousands of people , this very small number should provide context for anyone who has any concerns about the scale of photograph retention .
Many are only retained for a very short period , some we need to retain for several years ; each one is individually assessed and reviewed regularly .
Before a photo or any information or intelligence can be entered onto the database , it has to be individually assessed against a set of MOPI and ECHR compliant criteria and be given a review date ; the system automatically prompts this review when it is due .
In addition to having a duty to facilitate lawful protest , the police service has a responsibility to secure public safety and needs good quality , relevant information and intelligence to do all of this .
Good intelligence protects not only the public and democracy , but suspects and offenders too .
What action did the unit take following the ruling of Wood v Commissioner of the Metropolis 2009 ?
The outcome of the Wood vs. Commissioner of the Metropolis case was welcomed by NCDE , in particular NPOIU as it brought clarity to an area that had not previously been tested in the courts .
The three national Domestic Extremism ( DE ) units work hard to ensure that all they do is necessary , justified and proportionate and this applies to the management of any information or intelligence , including any photographs .
In this respect , the Wood judgement did not change anything for NPOIU and the photos it holds - it cemented existing practice .
Presumably they mean Judgment ( the spelling now used for High Court or UK Supreme Court Judgments ) rather than " judgement "
The judgement fully reflected our views about the retention of photographs taken by police Forward Intelligence Teams ( FIT ) teams and in following the Statutory Code of Practice for the Management of Police Information ( MOPI ) since its introduction , our practice has been compliant with the judgement findings .
See the FIT Watch blog which chronicles the efforts of protestors to conduct Sousveillance of the Forward Intelligence Team photographers .
The judgement also recognised the Metropolitan Police would not have retained the photos beyond a few weeks , not indefinitely as some misreporting would have it .
The Metropolitan Police tend to retain stuff for at least 6 or 7 years .
The ACPO guidance on data retention does effectively mean " indefinitely " for so long as a criminal investigation is considered to be active .
If there has been even a minor conviction , then the data will be retained until your One Hundredth Birthday ( by which time the rules will probably have been extended )
It is also important to remind those who have expressed concerns about FIT teams that the Law Lords recognised there was a legitimate aim by the police in the taking and retaining of the photographs at least for a short time - this was described by them as being for the prevention of disorder or crime , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others .
To report on only one aspect of the outcome of the case is misleading .
There is a framework of legislation in place to safeguard the rights and freedoms of society which the police must comply with ; for the gathering of intelligence these laws include RIPA , MOPI and the Data Protection Act , which are all underpinned by the European Convention on Human Rights .
In addition to the strict requirement for legal compliance , we simply do not have the capacity or staff to process and store irrelevant photos ,
With modern digital storage media capacities even for home computers , now being measured in TeraBytes , the claim to have no capacity to store irrelevant photos is untrue .
they are of no value to us and we do not want them .
It has been practice since long before the Wood judgement that FIT officers could attend a protest or public order event and either take no photos at all , or where they have taken photos , to recognise there is no need to process them afterwards because they were of no value .
Officers will always need to exercise this judgement .
We have little faith in the
We simply do not believe that the only information held or used by the NOPIU involves a few copies of photographs of protestors .
What about the Police National Computer ANPR tag 7 REASON - Protest used and abused by Automatic Number Plate Recognition systems ?
See the Spy Blog post
ACPO policy on ANPR : The Management and Use of Automatic Number Plate Recognition
What is the mechanism , if any for deleting such information on the NPOIU database if the local Police force decides to do so ?
What about the reverse process , if the NPOIU decide that your photo or vehicle number plate etc. is not relevant to an investigation into " Domestic Extremism " , then does this data get removed from the local Police force 's criminal intelligence databases ?
We doubt that this happens at all - the tendency of the Police is to hold on to every bit of data or information for as long as possible , regardless of its accuracy or proper context .
What information is collected by NCDE ?
There are two types of information collected by NCDE .
Because domestic extremists do n't work within police force boundaries , each force submits their intelligence to NPOIU , who then feed it into a database and analyse the information to identify common incidents , tactics and people committing offences across the country .
This information is then fed back to the police forces concerned , to allow them to see the bigger , national picture and join up their investigations , if appropriate .
NETCU , on the other had , collects ' open source ' information - that is information gathered from websites and the mainstream media .
They also collect post - event information from police forces , such as where a protest happened , how many people attended and how long it lasted .
This information is used to provide tactical advice and guidance to police forces across the country to promote a coordinated and consistent approach to tackling domestic extremism .
It also allows NETCU , in their capacity as a crime prevention unit , to support industry , academia and other organisations that have been or could be targeted by extremists .
NETCU also provides the Government and partners in the police service and the Crown Prosecution Service with collated public information about domestic extremism trends , as well as post - event incidents and crimes .
Does NCDE carry out surveillance ?
All operational work NCDE is involved with is done together with police forces .
Any force carrying out surveillance does so under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) and must meet the test of proportionality under that legislation .
We do not believe that they never conduct intrusive surveillance including " interference with property " under the Police Act 1997 Part III Authorisation of Action in Respect of Property
Does NCDE share intelligence or information with industry ?
NCDE deals with two types of information , or intelligence .
The first is police intelligence , supplied by police forces , which is analysed by NPOIU to identify common incidents , tactics and people committing offences across the country .
This information is then fed back to the police forces concerned , to allow them to see the bigger , national picture and join up their investigations , if appropriate .
The second type of information is ' open source ' information , gathered from public websites and the mainstream media .
We do sometimes wonder if the visitors to this website using Police National Network or Metropolitan Police or or West Midlands Police etc. IP addresses are ( ineptly ) doing this sort of " open source " intelligence gathering , or if they have subcontracted this out to commercial internet " business intelligence " companies .
This is collated by NETCU and has two purposes .
Because domestic extremists do n't work within police force boundaries , NETCU collates information about up and coming events and protests , from public websites and gives it to the police force , or forces concerned , so they can plan their resources accordingly .
NETCU also provides tactical advice and guidance in order to promote a coordinated and consistent approach to tackling domestic extremism .
Acting as a crime prevention unit , NETCU also supports industry , academia and other organisations that have been or could be targeted by extremists .
They collate open source information to provide a bigger picture of the issue , as well as providing security advice , risk assessments and information that can help minimise disruption , disorder and criminality if there is a protest and help them keep their employees safe .
At no time does NCDE pass any police intelligence to anyone other than other police forces .
The only information passed to industry , academia and other organisations has come from a public source , that anyone could find .
So they never pass any police intelligence directly or indirectly to MI5 the Security Service or to SOCPA the Serious Organised Crime Agency or to the UK Border Agency or HM Revenue and Customs etc. etc. , none of which are " other police forces "
Somehow we do not believe them .
NCDE need to prove this claim about " police intelligence " to the public .
All information is handled by NCDE in accordance with the MoPI regulations , therefore information would only be passed on if it met the criteria for a policing purpose ; namely the prevention crime and disorder .
" the MoPI regulations " - ACPO Guidance Management of Police Information second edition ( .pdf )
Does NCDE get companies ' injunctions ?
No. Getting an injunction is the responsibility of the company or organisation and the High Court .
The Protection from Harassment
Act allows people or organisations to obtain injunctive relief where harassment has occurred or is anticipated to occur .
As a police unit it is our role to remain impartial and as a result we do not have any direct involvement in obtaining injunctions , unless specially asked to provide evidence and information at the court hearing for the injunction application .
Anything we say in court is placed on the court record and is available to the general public .
We would only provide evidence or information upon a formal request by a lawyer acting as an Officer of the Court .
Requests for such evidence / information for police held information / evidence would be made under Section 35 ( 2 ) of the Date Protection Act 1997 ; by Court Procedure Rules 37 ( 7 ) or by subpoena .
If a lawyer or a company ask us for evidence as part of an injunction application , before the injunction court hearing , we will provide them the details of a force or the names of police officers who may be able to help .
The passing of this contact information is a central part of the tactical and coordination remit of our unit .
NETCU also provides generic information to companies and organisations about injunctions and the process involved , in its capacity for preventing domestic extremism .
http://www.netcu.org.uk/lawful_protest/injunctions.jsp
What is the relationship between former Police constables or civilian staff who have worked in these Domestic Extremism units and the private sector security companies who sell their expertise and experience to large multinational companies whose vested financial interests may be affected by political campaigns and protests ?
What is the official relationship or connection between ACPO and NCDE ?
NDCE is a national police unit within ACPO , specifically within TAM ( Terrorism and Allied Matters ) .
The unit reports to the ACPO committee and is answerable to all chief police officers across the country .
That is not an acceptable system of accountability and transparency in a democratic society for secret Police units which exercise so much politically based intrusive surveillance snooping on innocent members of the public , no matter how good their " law and order " intentions are .
Why is NCDE not subject to Freedom of Information ?
The Freedom of Information Act 2000 ( FOIA ) applies to public authorities in England and Wales .
Under the FOIA , organisations listed in Schedule 1 of the Act - either by name or by a description - have to provide public access to information they hold .
NCDE is not a public authority as defined by Schedule 1 of the FOIA , therefore there are currently no obligations on NCDE to disclose information under the Act .
ACPO and all of its sub-units should be made accountable under the Freedom of Information Act , exactly like each of the regional Police forces is already .
There a plenty of Exemptions under FOIA to prevent the release of anything which might damage ongoing criminal investigations .
However , in the spirit of the Act , NCDE will consider all requests for information and aim to make available as much information it properly can .
Does NCDE / police involvement stifle lawful protest ?
No .
Thousands of people take part in protests across the country each year , and NCDE , alongside the wider police service , fully supports people 's rights to democratically express their views on issues they feel strongly about .
Unfortunately , within some otherwise lawful campaigns , a few individuals resort to criminal activity to further their cause .
These individuals sometimes try to hide their illegal activities by associating themselves with otherwise lawful campaigners .
It is this minority which police forces , together with units like NCDE , are determined to stop and bring to justice .
It is important to note , however , NCDE does not deal with most protests or public order issue - these are dealt with by the local police force .
They have been controversially present at , say the Kingsnorth coal fired power station or Heathrow airport expansion protest camps .
See NETCU legal arrest procedure booklet at the Climate Camp
An Iraqi MP from the secular Iraqiya bloc has been shot dead by gunmen in the northern city of Mosul , officials say .
Bashar al - Ageidi was ambushed outside his house and later died of his wounds .
No group has so far said it carried out the attack .
The Iraqiya bloc of former Prime Minister Iyad Allawi narrowly won elections in March , beating incumbent PM Nouri Maliki's State of Law alliance .
Attacker seized
Mr Ageidi , who was in his mid-30s , was in front of his house in western Mosul when a car carrying the gunmen stopped nearby .
Police say two of the men got out and shot the deputy in the chest .
But in confusion one of the attackers was unable to get back into the vehicle and was later captured .
The BBC's Jim Muir in Baghdad says the most obvious suspects in an assassination like this are Sunni militants , bent on disrupting the political process and deterring people from taking part .
Mosul , about 350 km ( 215 miles ) north of Baghdad , remains a hotbed of insurgent activities , despite efforts to pacify it .
Earlier this week , Iraq 's electoral commission upheld parliamentary election results in Baghdad and the surrounding area after a partial recount .
Many Iraqis hope the move will draw a line under a series of challenges to the vote itself , and the beginning of negotiations in earnest between the various political parties .
No single party won enough seats to form a government on its own .
A broad coalition of some kind - including Shias , Sunnis and Kurds - seems the most likely outcome , correspondents say .
Observers could n’t help but notice the irony : President Barack Obama on Monday signed the Press Freedom Act , then refused to take any questions from members of the press .
In a broader sense , the event was another demonstration of Obama ’s standoffish relationship with the news media — despite his campaign vow of a “ transparent ” administration .
Obama has not fielded questions at a full - blown press conference since way back on July 22 , 2009 .
President George H.W. Bush had nearly three press conferences a month .
Bill Clinton and Lyndon Johnson convened an average of about two a month , Ronald Reagan had less than one press conference every two months , and Richard Nixon averaged one every seven weeks .
Obama lags behind both Nixon and Reagan :
He called five press conferences during his first six months in office , and none in the 10 months that followed , the Huffington Post reported .
As for less formal short exchanges with reporters , Obama has had 47 , compared with 147 for George W. Bush in his first year and 252 for Clinton , according to figures compiled by professor Martha Joynt Kumar of Towson University in Towson , Md .
Reporters were on hand in the Oval Office when Obama signed the Daniel Pearl Press Freedom Act , which expands the State Department ’s annual human rights reports to include a description of press freedoms in each country .
The bill is named after the Jewish Wall Street Journal reporter terrorists beheaded in February 2002 .
After Obama signed the bill , Chip Reid of CBS News asked the president if he still has confidence in BP in the wake of the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Obama ignored the question .
Reid then said : “ In the interest of press freedom , would you take a couple questions on BP ? ”
Reid reported : “ He told me I was free to ask questions .
Someone else shouted , ‘ Will you answer them ? ’
He said he ’s not holding a press conference today as we were escorted out the door . ”
There have been other recent instances of Obama ’s reluctance to speak with the press :
• On May 4 , Obama refused to field any questions from reporters in the Rose Garden after delivering an angry statement regarding the oil spill .
• On May 12 , Obama had a joint “ press conference ” with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , but reporters were allowed to ask only four questions — two each for the U.S. and foreign press corps .
Fox News reported that , “ for the White House press corps , it might seem more of a tease than a meaty Q&A . ”
• On Wednesday , Obama held a joint press conference with Mexican President Felipe Calderon but said there was time for only one question from the White House press corps and one from foreign reporters .
“ And in what I suspect was a White House effort to assure that the questioning was limited to immigration and other issues of U.S. - Mexico concern , he called on the Univision reporter from the U.S. side , ” CBS ’ Reid noted .
“ So if his goal was to avoid answering any tough questions about yesterday ’s elections , or the oil spill , or financial regulation , or Iran , or Afghanistan — he succeeded . ”
Then as Obama and Calderon began to walk back to the Oval Office , Reid said he shouted : “ Do you have any plans for a REAL press conference ? ” Obama did not respond .
Obama ’s orchestration of the so - called “ press conferences ” can be seen as one element of the administration ’s efforts to manipulate the press .
The White House refused to grant interviews to Fox News and tried to limit its access because the network often criticized the administration .
Obama also has attacked conservative talk radio .
Howard Kurtz of The Washington Post reported that , when ABC , NBC , and CBS balked at airing Obama ’s July 2009 news conference in prime time , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel called the heads of the parent companies of all three networks and pressured them to air the event .
“ There ’s a reason Emanuel went over the heads of the programming execs :
The programming execs recognize that each time Obama rips out the heart of a weekday primetime lineup , he costs them revenue , ” Ben Shapiro observed at townhall.com .
“ The White House has to use the covert threat of a cutoff in White House access for networks that refuse to play ball .
The alphabet networks all know that the Obama White House has largely frozen Fox ’s access to administration officials .
They know that Obama grants his friends access while cutting off his enemies .
This endangers the independence of the press in a catastrophic way . . .
“ With Obama openly pressuring the networks to accede to its requests or face a reportorial cutoff , we are witnessing the hijacking of the First Amendment in toto . ”
Thanks to the White House ’s manipulation of the news media , Obama has not had to answer hard questions about a wide range of recent issues .
But the press should not have been surprised by Obama ’s secretiveness .
During the campaign , he refused or declined to release many personal documents that most candidates do automatically .
Such papers included his records as an Illinois state legislator and his transcripts from Occidental , Columbia and Harvard Universities .
Obama promised to be the most transparent president in history , but the promise appears “ just words . ”
© 2020 Newsmax .
All rights reserved .
Connecting Your iDevice to Your Guitar
The NHL's ad campaign for this year 's playoffs is brilliant in so many ways :
First , it 's cheap : Recycle some old footage , add a song -- only one surprisingly effective song needed -- and a tagline , and you have an instant tear - jerker for most NHL fans .
( Every time I see the Mario Lemieux one , I suddenly get a few allergens in the eyes thanks to where I was and who I was with when that goal happened . )
Second , it 's ready - made to go viral , and perhaps best of all , it 's the inspiration for what will be countless ax - grinding imitations and truly hilarious various parodies .
Make no mistake , even if the NHL does n't endorse videos making fun of Kerry Fraser or poor Patrick Stefan ( minus points for not being a playoff event ) , the fact signature moments from league history are being spread and replicated is good for the NHL .
It 's educating a new generation of fans on the history that makes this league so damn addictive .
History ... " history " ... say , that reminds me .
You know what clip absolutely has to be included in this campaign ?
Of course you do .
It 's the goal that started the league 's only true uninterrupted " dynasty " of the last three decades .
It 's a goal that helped define a franchise .
A goal scored by a player who so embodied that franchise , he has the team 's annual fan - vote MVP award named after him .
At 7:11 of OT on the afternoon of May 24 , 1980 , history was made .
What if Nystrom did n't beat his man ?
If you need any more evidence , ask yourself this :
With apologies to Uwe Krupp , how many times has a competitive Stanley Cup been won with an overtime goal ?
And if we really want to get into what - ifs , we could extend the campaign forever :
Two years later , the only team in NHL history to win 19 consecutive playoff series would never have accomplished that feat if John Tonelli had n't tied it up 2 - 2 ( assist : Coliseum ice ) with just 2:21 left in regulation in the decisive opening - round Game 5 against the Penguins .
Tonelli being Tonelli , he then won it on a Herculean effort in OT after first being hauled down on a breakaway .
Without those heroics , the Cup streak stops at a very Penguins - or Oilers - like two in a row .
No dynasty .
What if Tonelli did n't get up ?
[ Video of each after the jump . ]
Tonelli
Ties it up against the Penguins with 2:21 left in Game 5
Tonelli Wins it in OT
This is not just one more Isles fan digging up the increasingly ancient past ; no , this is one of the league 's greater moments from the past 30 years .
It belongs in this playoff ad campaign , and teenage Western Conference fans whose home broadcast teams pan up to all those white , orange and blue banners -- during their lone visit to the Coliseum every other year -- deserve to know why , and how , those banners got there .
It 's not just Islanders nostalgia ; it 's part of the league 's glorious mystique which , some days , is the best asset it has .
The proposed increase to carried interest taxation would represent the largest tax increase for real estate in more than 20 years – since the Tax Reform Act of 1986 , when property values plunged , pressure increased on savings and loan associations , there were forced government closures and ultimately the taxpayer was stuck paying to reset the system .
Real estate is a significant contributor to jobs and gross domestic product .
This tax hike is being proposed at perhaps the worst possible time , as the industry and the economy continue to struggle to recover .
Property values are down by at least 40 percent ; the weak economy continues to hammer rents and occupancy rates in many markets ; net operating incomes have fallen by 25 - 30 percent ; and transaction volume is down by some 90 percent .
Real estate makes up nearly 50 percent of all partnerships in America .
While some will claim carried interest is a loophole , the carried interest tax hike now making its way toward the Senate floor is , more than anything , a tax on real estate partnerships large and small .
It is not a tax on hedge funds that tangentially affects real estate ; it is a real estate tax hike that tangentially affects hedge , venture capital and private equity .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the IRS , these real estate partnerships hold over $ 1.5 trillion of commercial real estate assets throughout America , including : rental housing , office buildings , shopping centers , medical facilities , hotels , senior housing and industrial properties .
The carried interest tax proposal would change the taxation of all these partnerships – for past and future investments .
This tax increase means fewer jobs to repair and upgrade buildings , when more than 2 million – or 25 percent – of Americans from the construction and building trades are out of work .
It means reduced revenues to local governments for teachers , firefighters , roads and safe communities .
It is impossible to understand how more than doubling the tax on the decision maker in a real estate partnership , as this proposal would do , will encourage any new business , put anyone back to work in construction , or shore up property values to help dig local budgets out of their deep holes .
In addition to hurting economic recovery and jobs , raising taxes on real estate hurts community banks .
By most estimates , over $ 1 trillion in new equity capital is required to fill the equity gap .
Now is not the time to destroy capital formation .
Aswarns in the February Congressional Oversight Panel Report , today bank losses on commercial real estate loans could reach $ 300 billion , potentially wiping out " hundreds more community and midsize banks " and drying up the credit needed to restore the economy to health .
Approximately $ 1.4 trillion in U.S. real estate loans will come due between 2010 and 2014 , with nearly half of those loans currently " underwater . "
As defaults , foreclosures and mortgage losses continue to rise , a “ significant wave of commercial mortgage defaults would trigger economic damage that could touch the lives of nearly every American .
” This proposal is a tax on real estate that is not only short sighted but is also coming at the worst possible time for the economy , jobs and the banking system .
The Senate should reject this ill - conceived proposal .
BeagleBoard.org › hardware -xM
Last updated by jkridner.wordpress.com on Tue Nov 18 2014 14:31:58 GMT -0000 ( UTC ) .
62288
By Captain Pyke | June 26 , 2010 - 11:01 pm
Another group of Trek fans may have beaten the world record for the " most people dressed as characters from the television series and movies " .
As you may or may not have heard , this record attempt seems to be the thing to do at conventions this year .
The original record was set back in February in London on the world famous Millennium bridge where 99 Trek Fans gathered .
With attempts in Tampa back in May , the " enterprising " ( sorry ) fans of Iowa could have actually beaten the record .
“ You ’ve heard the phrase ‘ you do n’t have to be crazy to do this job but it helps . ’
Well , you do n’t necessarily have to be crazy to be a Star Trek fan , but it does n’t hurt that either . ” said Fred Monfeli , the event organizer .
Even with no Guinness rep on hand , the group was able to get 153 fully costumed Trek fans on to a tennis court and throughly documented the event .
“ We got photos , video , it is all documented , ” said Monfeli .
Good luck to the group , we hope Guinness accepts the attempt .
It will be interesting to see what happens in Vegas and if anyone is willing to stand fully costumed in the hot Nevada sun ... in August .
( quote source kcrg.com )
Source : U.S. Today
For those who still have an income , one upshot of the economic downturn is that the amount of taxes Americans pay relative to income is at its lowest level in sixty years .
USA Today :
Federal , state and local taxes — including income , property , sales and other taxes — consumed 9.2 % of all personal income in 2009 , the lowest rate since 1950 , the Bureau of Economic Analysis reports .
That rate is far below the historic average of 12 % for the last half - century .
The overall tax burden hit bottom in December at 8.8. % of income before rising slightly in the first three months of 2010 .
Why taxes are so low right now .
Three big reasons :
The stimulus was in fact a major tax cutter , and increasingly progressive tax rates means that as we 've fallen in income , we 've fallen into lower tax rates .
What 's more , we 're consuming less , so spending less on taxes .
People outraged by the current U.S. budget deficit can at least console themselves in knowing that the lower tax rates they 're currently enjoying have much do to with it .
Although my path is not the path of theism , I have greatest respect for those who follow this path with love , integrity , and compassion .
My own teacher , Thich Nhat Hanh , has always sought an ecumenical approach with various spiritual traditions :
See :
In this same spirit , I have at this blog , from time to time , offered inspiring poems and insights from other traditions , with poets like the Sufi poet Rumi and the Indian mystic Kabir :
In this post , I am sharing a beautiful poem from the Indian mystic and poet Kabir .
May its message be an inspiration to your life and spiritual practice , whatever path you walk !
The Time Before Before Death
by Kabir ( version by Robert Bly )
Friend , hope for the Guest while you are alive .
Jump into experience while you are alive !
Think . . . and think . . . while you are alive .
What you call “ salvation ” belongs to the time
before death .
If you do n’t break your ropes while you ’re alive ,
do you think
ghosts will do it after ?
The idea that the should will rejoin the ecstatic
just because the body is rotten —
that is all fantasy .
What is found now is found then .
If you find nothing now ,
you will simply end up with an apartment in the
City of the Death .
If you make love with the divine now , in the next
life you will have the face of satisfied desire
So plunge into the truth , find out who the Teacher is ,
Believe in the Great Sound !
Kabir says this :
When the Guest is being searched for
it is the intensity of the longing for the Guest that
does all the work .
Look at me , and you will see a slave of that intensity .
https://mettarefuge.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/the-longing.mp3
This beautiful accompanying music ( click above ) is called “ The Longing . ”
It ’s from the album
Afterglow by Michael Hoppe , Martin Tillman , Tim Wheater
Highly recommended !
iTunes :
http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-longing/id108743078?i=108742848
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Istanbul
Guests can go au naturel around the pool
What was billed as the Muslim world 's first nudist hotel has been forced to close , just six days after it opened .
The Hotel Adaburnu Golmar was shut after a local authority inspection which found that one of the balconies did not match the architect 's drawings .
The first 12 sparsely - clad guests at the 64 - room resort in Datca on the Turkish Riviera have had to be moved to more conventional accommodation .
The hotel owner said he hoped to modify the balcony and re-open by Wednesday .
Entrepreneur Ahmed Kosar , a 15 - year veteran of the Turkish tourism industry , told the BBC that he was always looking for new niches to exploit in the $ 20 bn ( £ 13.6 bn ) business , and that a number of European clients at his other hotels had expressed an interest in nudism .
The resort was constructed in a quiet spot on the Datca peninsula , west of the popular resort of Marmaris .
It offers guests the opportunity to bare all around the pool , or to take a special shuttle bus to a private beach where nudity is tolerated .
Mr Kosar said he was campaigning to re-open the hotel , and argued that many other hotels in the area have been allowed to continue operating despite not getting some of the many different licences required in Turkey .
It took him two years to build , and he said there were no objections from the local inhabitants , provided the naked tourists confined themselves to the grounds of the resort and the private beach .
The hotel is only open to foreigners - Turks are not allowed to stay - and the staff , nearly all male , keep their clothes on .
Mr Kosar would not be drawn on the subject of whether officials from the governing AK Party were behind the closure - the party is frequently accused of quietly implementing a conservative Muslim agenda in many parts of Turkey .
But he said that if his project continued to be blocked , he would consider moving it abroad , perhaps to Croatia or northern Cyprus .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Tests of an early Android 2.2 build show vast performance gains , indicating that even older Android handsets could gain new life by running applications several times faster than today — and that Google has software it can use to combat a hardware bump in Apple ’s ( s aapl ) hotly anticipated next - generation iPhone .
Google is also poised to reduce fragmentation with this release — codenamed “ Froyo ” and expected at next week ’s Google I/O developer conference — which would help both consumers and developers have a more common Android experience across the many handsets built using the platform .
AndroidPolice has been running Android 2.2 on a Nexus
One for nearly a week , but yesterday benchmarked performance of the build using Linpack for Android .
The results show a nearly 450 percent performance boost , as Froyo appears to use a fast compiler for the Dalvik VM used by Android .
Unlike many other smartphones , applications for Android are written in Java and run in a virtual machine atop the Linux kernel — with a quick JIT , or Just In Time compiler , application code can be executed faster .
The lengthy video below provides an overview of the Dalvik VM from 2008 .
Given that Google is hosting a specific session for JIT compiling within the Dalvik VM at next week ’s Google I / O event , it ’s a pretty safe bet that Froyo will bring the speed boost that AndroidPolice has clocked .
Which means Google phones running on Android 2.2 will execute application code far faster by using software , not hardware .
That ’s a unique situation because while other mobile platforms might see marginal performance gains through an operating system upgrade , it ’s not likely those efforts would yield a gain as large as 450 percent .
While Google does n’t control which Android handsets will see Android 2.2 — that ’s left to the carriers , with the lone exception being Google ’s own Nexus One — the speed bump is n’t all I ’m expecting next week .
I suspect that Google will continue pulling its applications out of the core Android platform and make many of them available to device versions through the Android Market .
While that wo n’t completely remove the fragmentation issue caused by Android 1.5 , 1.6 and 2.1 , it will reduce the effects — handsets with Android 1.5 or 1.6 would still have the older user interface , but would see more feature parity with Android 2.1 devices .
The ideal situation would be for all capable handsets to run Android 2.2 , but given the carrier control , that ’s highly unlikely — a shame really , because many older handset , such as the original G1 , run just fine with the Android 2.1 ROMs found on enthusiast sites and forums .
Related research on GigaOM Pro ( sub req ’d ) :
Google ’s Mobile Strategy : Understanding the Nexus One
Contact my office today .
I want to hear every detail of what you ’re up against — a felony arrest , a DUI charge , a divorce dispute , a problem with a delinquent juvenile , or whatever you are struggling with .
So , allow me to help you by contacting my law office in Waukegan , Illinois .
Call today at ( 847 ) 599-1969 or stay online to send an email message .
I promise to promptly reply to it .
In my first two years as president of the University of Houston and chancellor of the UH System , I 've learned many things about the city whose well - known name we share .
Which freeways get crowded , where to buy good rodeo clothes , how to pronounce “ San Felipe , ” who has the best barbecue and why it's not the heat , it 's the humidity .
I 've also learned that the city of Houston truly appreciates the importance of higher education .
Even in the economically challenging times we all face , Houstonians have demonstrated a generous and , I believe , enlightened support of their premier public university .
While many institutions across the country and in our state have struggled with notable declines in the charitable donations made to their schools , the University of Houston has run counter to that trend .
And notably so .
Annual giving to UH increased 27 percent in 2008 and 19 percent in 2009 , rising from $ 48 million to $ 73 million during that period .
In fact , UH has had both the greatest total dollar increase and largest percentage increase in private support during the past three years among all major public universities in Texas .
In other words , while other Texas institutions were remaining flat or declining in their recent fundraising , UH was experiencing significant increases .
This unprecedented level of support is not just good luck .
It is enlightened self - interest .
We are doing a good job of explaining our ambitious plans — and considerable progress — to transform UH into a Tier One university .
And Houston gets it , genuinely understanding that this crucial transformation simply wo n't happen without the community 's support .
New economic realities have directed us to look to private support to help us take the bold steps that must be taken on the pathway to Tier One .
Fortunately , our optimistic expectations are being realized .
The voters of Texas recently approved a critical constitutional amendment ( Proposition 4 ) that establishes potential funding for UH and six other “ emerging research universities ” as we meet certain criteria in our respective pursuits of Tier One status .
However , this funding remains a few years away .
In the meantime , we must continue to press forward .
Private giving is helping us stay on track to do just that .
Take , for example , Paul and Angela Lott , two 1984 graduates of our College of Pharmacy who own a successful pharmacy consulting business .
Over the years , they have supported a variety of College of Pharmacy - related efforts , giving back to the college that gave so much to them .
Last summer , their son enrolled at UH and became a member of the Cougar Marching Band .
So , this year , the Lotts stepped up and also gave a gift to help defray the band 's travel expenses to the Armed Forces Bowl .
Or consider Kaye Stripling , whom you may recognize as the former superintendent of HISD .
After learning about UH's TierOne Scholarship program offering to match any donor 's gift dollar for dollar , she contributed $ 50,000 from the Kaye Stripling Scholarship Fund to the College of Education .
With the matching funds , she has created a powerful $ 100,000 endowment .
These are just two of 27,000 annual donations that have come , for the most part , from your friends and neighbors , from area corporations and local businesses and from foundations .
The range of gifts may vary from the modest to the extremely magnanimous , but they share a common motivation — to help improve this school and , by extension , the community .
This community benevolence is taking place , I believe , because we share a simple but inevitable realization : Making UH a better university makes Houston a better city .
At UH , we are focusing on creating an Energy University for the Energy Capital of the world , on developing a health initiative that builds on and beyond our membership in the Texas Medical Center , on expanding our already exceptional arts programs , on fielding consistently competitive athletic teams and , crowning this all , on a commitment to student success that never loses sight of academic excellence and diversity .
Of particular note in that regard is our emphasis on fundraising for scholarship support .
During the past two years , we have raised $ 18.4 million — more than double the amount of the previous two - year period .
The push for TierOne Scholarships has been a significant factor in that success .
Essentially , we have told Houston that these are the things that are important to us .
I believe that Houston has answered back , “ Yes , these things are important to us , too . ”
The gratifying level of private support to our university proves that this is no idle statement .
And so , in one sense , this is a thank - you note for the many gifts that the people and institutions of Houston have seen fit to give us .
But this is also an IOU , if you will , a promissory note that acknowledges our obligation to pay it back as UH becomes an even more powerful engine of economic development for Houston and the state , when we are providing even more globally prepared graduates who are productive leaders in the work force , and when we are increasingly relied on as a hub of innovation for testing new ideas and creating solutions to problems society wrestles with every day .
This is a debt we will gladly repay — and with considerable interest .
Khator is the president of the University of Houston and chancellor of the UH System .
The knockout stage of the 2010 FIFA World Cup is about to begin in South Africa .
At the time of writing , every team has one group stage match remaining , and most teams still have a chance to finish in the top two places in their group and progress to the knockout stage ( see the tournament schedule and group stage standings ) .
There are different approaches to ranking world football teams .
The most well known is FIFA ’s official world rankings , which are derived from points gained and lost in each match according to a heuristic set of rules that generally reward winning against higher - ranked opponents in more - important tournaments .
A simple alternative with a more statistical basis is an Elo rating system ( described in more detail below ) .
A handy property of Elo rating systems is that they directly provide an estimate of the probability that a given team will perform better than another .
We can use Mathematica with that to set up simulations of the knockout stage of the World Cup .
This lets us estimate things like the chance of each team winning the tournament .
We ’ll also generate some nice visualizations of the results , such as the following simulated knockout stage ( based on the current top two teams in each group ) :
Elo rating systems are used in many other sports and games , including international Chess and Go competitions .
The World Football Elo Ratings website ( www.eloratings.net)* maintains up - to - date Elo ratings for all national football teams .
The following table compares the top 10 national football teams according to the official FIFA rankings and the alternative Elo ratings , showing some significant differences .
An Elo rating system works by assuming that the performance of a team in a match is a random value drawn from a certain probability distribution .
The mean of the distribution is called the Elo rating for that team .
The particular shape of the distribution may be freely chosen , but a common choice is ExtremeValueDistribution [ α,400 / Log [ 10 ] ] .
This is the distribution assumed for the stats we will use from World Football Elo Ratings ( see details of how those ratings are calculated ) .
Here are the expected performance distributions for Slovakia and Brazil , whose latest Elo ratings ( at the time of writing ) are 1605 and 2100 respectively .
The plot shows that Brazil is expected to usually , but not always , have a greater performance .
The assumption that performance follows an extreme value distribution leads directly to the probability that one team outperforms another , as a function of their rating difference .
We can verify this by computing the probability that p1 > p2 , where p1 and p2 are the performances of two teams , and r1 and r2 are their Elo ratings .
To simulate knockout stage matches , we will take this Elo probability of one team outperforming another to be the probability that they win the match — hence the function name WinExpectation .
We can import the latest ratings directly into Mathematica :
( Due to web traffic , www.eloratings.net may be down during the tournament .
You can import ratings from Google ’s cached version or from Wikipedia instead — see the downloadable notebook near the end of this post for an example . )
We ’ll also define a function TeamElo that looks up the rating of a given team :
It works like this :
Now we are in a position to simulate the result of a match between teams a and b .
This SimulateMatch function returns a symbolic representation of a completed match , Match [ {a , b} , winner ] , indicating which teams played and who won .
I defined a custom appearance for Match objects , which you can see at the bottom of this post .
We can define properties of symbolic objects , such as this simple one :
The winner is not always the same in our random simulated matches .
Next we ’ll simulate each round of the knockout stage .
Some synonyms help standardize country names between the different data sources :
For now we ’ll assume that the two teams currently atop each group make it through to the knockout stage .
We can import the group stage standings directly from the World Cup website :
The teams coming first and second in each of the groups A through H slot into the knockout draw as follows ( see the knockout draw on the official website ) :
KnockoutDraw gives a nested list encoding the structure of the knockout stage .
We can visualize the resulting expression using TreeForm , showing the expected binary tree :
To simulate the first round we just need to evaluate SimulateMatch on each pair of team names sitting at the second lowest level of this tree :
A simulated first round :
For subsequent rounds we simulate new matches between the winners of each pair of matches in the previous round :
( The Sow function does n’t affect the result .
It is used here to accumulate rules indicating how each match depends on preceding matches , which will be handy later . )
The entire knockout stage has four rounds in total :
Here is the final match in one random simulation of the whole knockout stage :
Here are the two semi-finals in another simulation :
Every simulation is different .
Here is a custom tree plot of a whole knockout stage :
( We used Reap to gather up the rules accumulated by Sow in the NextRound function . )
Here is a simulation starting with a different set of teams , those currently in first and third place in each group :
We certainly are n’t limited to doing one simulation at a time .
Here are the winners of 1000 simulated knockout stages using the teams in first and second place in the current group stage standings :
Here are the same results as a bar chart giving the estimated probability of winning the tournament :
Using our simulation framework we can explore all sorts of things :
What about a giant knockout tournament containing the top 128 national teams ?
Download this notebook to see the source code for these examples and try some of your own !
You can use the same notebook to run simulations with the final set of teams participating in the knockout stage , once they are determined .**
* Note : All Elo ratings in this post and notebook are from World Football Elo Ratings , whose primary source of international football data is Advanced Satellite Consulting .
** You can view the notebook in the free Mathematica Player .
To run your own simulations you need Mathematica — you can request a free trial .
Read on to see how to set up the visual representation for teams and matches .
We ’ll visually represent each team with a labeled national flag , and winning teams get a bit of extra formatting to help them stand out .
Mathematica has country flags built in , as part of CountryData :
( We explicitly defined the flag for England , which is normally considered part of the United Kingdom by CountryData . )
Here ’s how the team icons look :
Using the team icons we can define a visual representation of Match objects :
TIGER Woods ' wife has upped the ante in their divorce battle , with reports claiming she is demanding as much as $ US750 million .
In addition to the money , Elin Nordegren has abandoned her bid for joint custody and now wants to be the sole legal guardian of their two young children , US reports say .
Nordegren and Woods have hired top divorce lawyers as they negotiate their split over the bombshell revelations of golfer Woods ' secret playboy lifestyle .
Swede Nordegren , who has hired a London law firm to fight it out with Woods ' Florida attorneys , wanted $ US750 million ( $ A900 m ) from the split , the Chicago Sun -Times reported .
It would make the split the most expensive celebrity divorce , eclipsing the $ 600 million settlement expected in actor Mel Gibson 's divorce , which is still being finalised .
Woods ' fortune was valued as high as $ 1.2 billion in 2008 .
The couple had reportedly been working towards a joint custody agreement , but the Sun - Times reported yesterday the separation had " turned extremely testy " .
Nordegren , who has moved out of the couple 's Florida mansion , has also refused to sign a lifetime " confidentiality clause " designed to ban her from giving tell - all interviews about their five - year marriage .
Meanwhile , Woods was reportedly seen last week on the golf course inside his gated Orlando community with a mystery blonde woman .
" Tiger was on the golf course the other day , hitting balls , " a witness told Radaronline .
" He was with a very pretty blonde who looked a lot like Elin .
She was sitting in the golf cart while he was playing . "
Woods , who is at home struggling with neck pain , has committed to playing in a string of high - profile golf tournaments in coming months .
He has signed for the British Open in July as he tries to add another major title win to the 14 he has already .
His next contest is the US Open in California next month .
Believe it or not , that ’s the New Scientist ’s headline , not mine .
I guess it depends what you mean by fair .
In the April 28th edition , Ian Stewart lays out a good summary of all the different problems intrinsic to democratic voting procedures .
Arrow ’s Impossibility Theorem , Condorcet ‘s theorem , the Alabama Paradox , and gerrymandering , among other ballot box nettles , all make an appearance .
Stewart ’s intro :
Ensuring a free vote is a matter for the law .
Making elections fair is more a matter for mathematicians .
They have been studying voting systems for hundreds of years , looking for sources of bias that distort the value of individual votes , and ways to avoid them .
Along the way , they have turned up many paradoxes and surprises .
What they have not done is come up with the answer .
With good reason : it probably does n’t exist .
The many democratic electoral systems in use around the world attempt to strike a balance between mathematical fairness and political considerations such as accountability and the need for strong , stable government .
Take first - past - the - post or “ plurality ” voting , which used for national elections in the US , Canada , India – and the UK , which goes to the polls next week .
Its principle is simple : each electoral division elects one representative , the candidate who gained the most votes .
This system scores well on stability and accountability , but in terms of mathematical fairness it is a dud .
Votes for anyone other than the winning candidate are disregarded .
If more than two parties with substantial support contest a constituency , as is typical in Canada , India and the UK , a candidate does not have to get anything like 50 per cent of the votes to win , so a majority of votes are “ lost ” …
RELATED :
The 89 - year - old Thomas , dean of the White House press corps , left amid a brewing controversy over remarks she made about Israel and Palestinians .
Thomas , known for her confrontational questioning , apologized for comments that were captured on video and have spread widely on the Internet .
On the May 27 video , Thomas suggested that Jews should go to Germany , Poland or the US .
I had a shaved raw asparagus salad last month for the first time and was fascinated by it .
It was tossed and tangled with olive oil , salt , pepper and a gratuitous amount of Parmesan cheese and while all of these things were wonderful , I felt they only interrupted the deliciousness that was the raw asparagus .
I decided immediately that I had to make a pizza out of it , where the asparagus could be as uncluttered as possible .
Of course when I came home and Googled my idea — certain that nobody could have ever laid claim to such brilliance , such a stroke of asparagus genius , before me — I learned that I had been beaten to the punch by one Jim Lahey , who has apparently been serving a shaved asparagus pizza at Co. on 9th Avenue for months .
Years , even .
Foiled again !
From Lahey , however , I learned all sorts of fancy - fancy things you can do with my simpleton ideas .
For example , he shaves black truffles on to the pizza , and dots it with quail eggs .
Lahey only uses extra virgin olive oil and forgoes the mozzarella entirely for knobs of tomme de savoie , a semi- firm French cow skim milk cheese with a gray rind that I have no doubt will raise this pizza to previously unimaginable heights of deliciousness .
But you will be relieved to know that even in the original , plebeian manner that I ’d imagined it , this is a great pizza : tangled and grassy , bubbly and lightly charred , and accented with mild bites of scallion , wilted from the heat of the baked pizza .
Once you ’ve got your dough made ( or procured ) , it comes together in no time , leaving your time free to handle the more urgent matters of a holiday weekend : feet up , frosty drink in hand , napping on a lounge chair in the shade of a tree * .
Now get to it .
* [ Rather than , say , celebrating a most adorable first toof with a light fever , a cough and some complaints with the management . ]
More asparagus :
In the archives .
More pizza :
In the archives .
One year ago : Grilled Shrimp Cocktail and Graham Crackers
Two years ago : Haricot Vert with Shallots
Three years ago : Strawberry Rhubarb Crumble
Shaved Asparagus Pizza
Makes 1 thin crust 12 - inch pizza
1 recipe Really Simple Pizza Dough or your favorite pizza dough
1/2 pound asparagus
1/4 cup grated Parmesan
1/2 pound mozzarella , shredded or cut into small cubes
2 teaspoons olive oil
1/2 teaspoon coarse salt
Several grinds black pepper
1 scallion , thinly sliced
Preheat your oven to the hottest temperature it goes , or about 500 in most cases .
If you use a pizza stone , have it in there .
Prepare asparagus :
No need to snap off ends ; they can be your “ handles ” as you peel the asparagus .
Holding a single asparagus spear by its tough end , lay it flat on a cutting board and using a vegetable peeler ( a Y - shaped peeler works best here , but I only had a standard , old and pretty dull peeler and it still worked ; a mandolin would also work , in theory , but I found it more difficult to do it that way ) , create long shavings of asparagus by drawing the peeler from the base to the top of the stalk .
Repeat with remaining stalks and do n’t fret some pieces are unevenly thick ( such as the end of the stalk , which might be too thin to peel ) ; the mixed textures give a great character to the pizza .
Discard tough ends .
Toss peelings with olive oil , salt and pepper in a bowl and be sure to try one — I bet you can hardly believe how good raw asparagus can taste .
Assemble and bake pizza : Roll or stretch out your pizza dough to a 12 - inch round .
Either transfer to a floured or cornmeal - dusted pizza peel ( if using a pizza stone in the oven ) or to a floured or cornmeal - dusted tray to bake it on .
Sprinkle pizza dough with Parmesan , then mozzarella .
Pile asparagus on top .
Bake pizza for 10 to 15 minutes , or until edges are browned , the cheese is bubbly and the asparagus might be lightly charred .
Remove from the oven and immediately sprinkle with scallions , then slice and eat .
More ways to tweak this :
Pinch of red pepper flakes ( toss with asparagus ) , squeeze of lemon juice ( over the asparagus , after you remove it from the oven ) , sprinkle of truffle salt or few drops of truffle oil ( if you ’ve got it ; also at end ) or up to 3 eggs ( bake pizza for 8 minutes , break eggs on top , then finish cooking pizza and eggs together )
Finally , if you ’ve got a grill going , this pizza seems almost destined for it .
When I grill pizza , I throw the whole dough down on an oiled grill and let it cook for a few minutes on the underside .
I pull it off with tongs , flip it out onto a plate and pile the toppings on the grilled side , before sliding the raw side back onto the grill .
Grill the pizza with the lid down for a few minutes , or until everything is bubbly and brown .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Taiwan 's Foxconn Technology , a contract maker of the iPhone and other consumer electronics , insisted its treatment of workers is world class after a female employee became the company 's sixth Chinese worker to commit suicide this year .
" We regret to see the recurrence of such incidents , " Foxconn said in statement that came on Wednesday , a day after a 24 - year - old Foxconn factory worker surnamed Chu killed herself by jumping from her rented apartment in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen .
Foxconn , the world 's largest contract maker of electronics , said that Chu , whose full name was not released , began her employment last August .
----------------------------------------
Foxconn 's mounting toll
What is On Zion ’s Mount about ?
It ’s a cultural biography of one mountain : Mount Timpanogos , Utah ( the site of Robert Redford ’s Sundance Resort ) .
I show how the mountain became “ visible ” as a landmark .
I use this local history of place - making to illustrate a national history of displacement .
All over America , settlers and their progeny displaced native peoples and native geographies even as they created new places and place attachments .
As part of becoming “ native ” to their new home , settlers freely appropriated from the people they just dispossessed .
They bestowed pseudo - Indian place names and told fake Indian legends about those named landforms .
Mount Timpanogos is one such storied place .
Utah is a great case study for this historical dynamic because Mormonism , a religion indigenous to the United States , originally embraced American Indians as spiritual kin , the “ Lamanites ” from the Book of Mormon .
Only in Utah did a US colonial population conceive of having a homeland in the Native American sense ; an endemic spiritual geography .
They called it Zion .
Early Mormons anticipated that they would build the New Jerusalem with the help of Indians .
But prophecies , dreams , and intentions did n’t become realties .
The basic story of Utah ’s formation — settlers colonizing indigenous land , organizing a territory , dispossessing natives , and achieving statehood — could not be more American .
Despite Utah ’s reputation for weirdness , Utah history is weirdly typical when it comes to the outcome of Indian - settler relations .
What inspired you to write the book ?
I grew up in the shadow of Mount Timpanogos , so naturally there ’s a personal backstory .
I acknowledge as much in the book , but I do n’t dwell on it .
Ironically , studying my home forced me to become an expatriate .
As an academic , I wanted to produce a local history with national significance .
Instead of writing a “ Mormon history ” or a “ Utah history , ” I wanted to produce an American history set in the Great Basin involving actors ( Mormons , Utes ) who practiced religion .
Writing the biography of a landmark seemed like a creative way to do this .
What ’s the most important take - home message for readers ?
There ’s no such thing as an innocent landscape .
What are some of the biggest misconceptions about your topic ?
First , that the Great Basin — the vast inland drainage between the Sierra Nevada and the Wasatch Range , everything between Reno and Salt Lake City — is a wasteland .
Next , that Utah history began with the arrival of the Mormons ; that Utah history and Mormon history are essentially the same thing ; and that Utah history has no relevance outside the American West .
Third , that polygamy was the only interesting thing going on in territorial Utah .
And last , that only “ card - carrying Mormons ” ( those with the church - issued ID cards called “ temple recommends ” ) are allowed to do research at the Church Archives in Salt Lake City .
Can you say more about Mormon sacred space ?
In the nineteenth century , Mormons — members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) — were essentially Christian Zionists .
Their “ homeland ” mentality was quite un-American .
True , many American groups , not just hyperreligious ones , have looked upon the United States as a providential nation ; a place prepared for them by God .
But a providential nation is different than a providential homeland .
The word “ homeland ” has become so charged — and now so banal — since 9/11 that we have forgotten that the United States is , in terms of political science , an anti-homeland : a republic of citizens from any or all ethnic , religious , and genetic backgrounds , a people united by their shared allegiance to the Constitution .
In theory the United States could adopt any language as its official language , could take any size or shape , and contain any kind of terrain .
By contrast , Native Americans generally have specific homelands tied to specific landforms with unique names from their languages .
By creating a sacred homeland , pioneer Mormons more closely resembled Indians than other contemporary Anglos .
Today , a residue of this mentality persists among “ ethnic Mormons ” in Utah .
However , the homeland ethos faded dramatically in the twentieth century .
The LDS Church has not actively encouraged Zionism in many , many decades .
Since the 1960s , with the advent of the modern missionary program , the church has set its sights beyond the rim of the Great Basin .
It wants to become a global religion .
This goal has n’t yet been achieved , but the church can now credibly claim to be a hemispheric religion .
When it comes to making and maintaining sacred space , the modern , corporate LDS Church has two main programs , each with different geographies .
For its tithe - paying base — Utah Mormons — it has created a string of pilgrimage sites that stretch from Joseph Smith ’s family farm in upstate New York , to Nauvoo , Illinois ( something like a Mormon version of Williamsburg , Virginia ) , to Martin ’s Cove , Wyoming , the site of a terrible handcart disaster in 1856 that has been converted into a faith - promoting heritage site .
These and other hallowed places allow Utah Mormons to commemorate the “ pioneer trek ” to the Great Basin .
The sacred narrative of getting to Utah is more important than Zion itself .
The other church program is the worldwide creation of temples : those special - use limited - access buildings used for rituals ( not the regular open - access church buildings used for Sunday services ) .
In the pioneer period , temples were grand edifices that echoed Utah ’s mountains in their architecture .
Each was different .
But since 1997 the Church has built or authorized the construction of one hundred “ mini- temples , ” most of them beyond the Mormon Culture Region .
In the pursuit of globalization , it is no longer practical or financially feasible for the church to continue erecting temples on the scale of the landmark pioneer structures .
As designed by church architects , the mini-temples accord to standard floor plans and contain standard furnishings .
From a certain angle , they are not so different from hotel conference centers .
The sacred temples are sealed off from nature — no sunlit windows or fresh - air conduits .
Mormonism , a movement that began with an outdoorsy prophet who encountered God in a woodlot , who used magical rocks to translate scriptures buried in a holy hill , who led the Latter - day Saints to a unique Center Place in North America on the borders of the Lamanites , is now managed by a global corporation that manufactures generic , fungible , sacred space with plush carpeting and upholstery .
That , too , seems very American .
Are you hoping just to inform readers ?
Give them pleasure ?
Piss them off ?
Mostly I want to tell a great American story .
In the process I ’m willing to challenge some popular notions held by Mormons about their history .
But I ’m not obnoxious about it .
By temperament , I ’m both a contrarian and a reconciliator .
I do n’t belittle religion .
Anti-Mormonism pisses me off .
In the nineteenth century and well into the twentieth , the US Protestant establishment vilified Utah Mormons as foreign , deviant , dangerous , violent , secretive , conspiratorial , theocratic , repressive , despotic , anti-democratic , un -American , un-Christian fanatics who followed a false prophet , read phony scriptures , worshiped in strange buildings , lived in desert communes , grew long beards , and kept women in political and sexual oppression .
They were variously likened to “ Oriental , ” “ Asiatic , ” “ Turkish , ” and “ Mohammedan ” peoples .
In 1902 , when the Utah legislature elected LDS Church apostle Reed Smoot as senator , the US Senate refused to seat him for four years while it conducted hearings and investigations on the question : Can a faithful Mormon also be a loyal American ?
Traces of these attitudes persist .
The media routinely conflates the LDS Church with Mormon fundamentalists ( more properly called fundamentalist believers in late - period Joseph Smith ) .
Did you have a specific audience in mind when writing ?
I wanted to reach two entirely different lay readers : local Mormons who could use something besides insular , faith - promoting history ; and non-Mormons outside Utah who could use an informed , even - handed historical account of life “ behind the Zion Curtain . ”
The timing seemed right .
The past ten years has been something of a Mormon moment in American media culture .
Think about it : the 2002 Winter Olympics , the Elizabeth Smart kidnapping , the Warren Jeffs trial , Mitt Romney ’s past and present bids for the GOP nomination , American Idol runner - up David Archuleta , the PBS documentary The Mormons , HBO ’s adaptation of Angels in America , HBO ’s original series Big Love , Richard and Joan Ostling ’s investigative nonfiction Mormon America , John Krakauer ’s polemical nonfiction Under the Banner of Heaven , David Ebershoff ’s experimental fiction The 19th Wife , Brady Udall ’s tragicomic novel The Lonely Polygamist , the continuing controversy over Prop. 8 in California , and , reportedly , an upcoming off - Broadway “ Mormon musical ” by Trey Parker and Matt Stone , who already produced a South Park episode about Mormonism .
As a history professor , I also had numerous professional audiences in mind :
• Environmental historians ( who generally downplay religion and culture )
• Utah historians ( who too often underplay non-Mormons and native peoples in the state ’s past )
• Mormon historians ( who too rarely engage with outside scholarly trends )
• Local historians ( who seldom ask large - scale questions despite doing fantastic archival research )
• Historians of the United States ( who generally overlook the Great Basin )
• Religious studies scholars ( who generally know less about Mormonism than other US religions , and who might be interested in the racial and environmental aspects of Mormon history )
• Native American historians ( who generally know less about the Great Basin and Mormon - Indian relations than other western regions and federal - Indian relations )
• Historians of the American West ( who often lose interest in the story of Mormonism after 1890 , when the LDS Church disavowed plural marriage )
• Historians of “ collective memory ” ( who might be interested in a book - length study of a “ memory site ” that doubles as a natural landform )
• Cultural historians ( who might be intrigued by the geographic dimension of “ playing Indian , ” and the interplay of religion and landscape )
• Folklorists and toponymists ( who might be curious to see how an environmental historian uses their work )
• Historical geographers ( who should be interested in an in - depth , longterm study of place - making , its context , and consequences )
Where does the book ’s title come from ?
What alternative title would you give ?
An alternative would be “ A Memorial of Place and Displacement . ”
Not a marketable title , but a literal summation of the project .
“ On Zion ’s Mount ” is more metaphorical , and has multiple possible meanings .
The phrase comes from a Mormon hymn :
High on the mountain top a banner is unfurled .
Ye nations , now look up ;
It waves to all the world
In Deseret ’s sweet , peaceful land ,
On Zion ’s mount behold it stand !
( “ Deseret ” was the name of the polity Mormons hoped to establish in the Great Basin . )
How do you feel about the cover ?
Love it !
The designer , who has an exceptionally cool name — Annamarie Why — did a terrific job with the layout and typography .
I also like the name of the art piece : “ Tip Top of Timp . ”
It ’s fitting that this painting does not replicate the normative front - side wide - angle view of the mountain ; instead , it shows an aspect of the backside .
The painter , Roman Andrus , has personal significance to me .
He was the leading portraitist of his generation in Provo , Utah , and did a large color study of my maternal grandfather ( a man of the nineteenth century , the son of a polygamist ) .
That portrait hung the living room of my childhood home — a room that had a picture window facing Mount Timpanogos .
Is there any book out there you wish you had written ?
I wish I ’d written The Epic of Gilgamesh .
It also deals with place - making and the profaning of sacred space .
The Mesopotamian epic has all the elements for a timeless meditation on religion and environment — totemic animals , animistic rivers , prophetic mountains , sacred forests , sacralized buildings — in addition to great descriptions of sex and violence .
Certainly the story has more staying power than any history book !
SAN FRANCISCO — Wall Street has called the end of an era and the beginning of the next one :
The most important technology product no longer sits on your desk but rather fits in your hand .
The moment came Wednesday when Apple , the maker of iPods , iPhones and iPads , shot past Microsoft , the computer software giant , to become the world ’s most valuable technology company .
This changing of the guard caps one of the most stunning turnarounds in business history for Apple , which had been given up for dead only a decade earlier , and its co-founder and visionary chief executive , Steven P. Jobs .
The rapidly rising value attached to Apple by investors also heralds an important cultural shift : Consumer tastes have overtaken the needs of business as the leading force shaping technology .
Microsoft , with its Windows and Office software franchises , has dominated the relationship most people had with their computers for almost two decades , and that was reflected in its stock market capitalization .
But the click - clack of the keyboard has ceded ground to the swipe of a finger across a smartphone ’s touch screen .
The strange phenomenon that 's destroying Latin America .
Last year , Hugo Chavez amended Venezuela 's constitution and abolished term limits .
The entire business was a bit odd , but not because the constitution was changed , which is quite common in Latin America .
Nor was it because the changes involved extended his rule ( which is equally common ) .
No , what was unusual about the constitutional reform of 2009 was that abolishing term - limits was all it did .
You see , constitutions are uniquely plastic in Latin America .
Not only are presidents exceptionally powerful here — I live in Caracas , and it is not at all uncommon to turn on the television to find El Comandante on every TV channel , explaining currency valuations or riot control measures or energy crises or international weather phenomena as if he himself was the entirety of the government and all of its ministries — but , in addition , Latin American leaders have a nasty habit of rewriting their countries ' constitutions more than anywhere else in the world .
This is a phenomenon I call " Wiki- constitutionalism . "
In Latin America , constitutions are changed with great frequency and unusual ease ( though not through any open - source collaborative process ) , as if they were Wikipedia pages .
The evidence is staggering : The Dominican Republic has had 32 separate constitutions since its independence in 1821 .
Venezuela follows close behind with 26 , Haiti has had 24 , Ecuador 20 , and Bolivia recently passed its seventeenth .
In fact , over half of the 21 Latin American nations have had at least ten constitutions while , in the rest of the world , only Thailand ( 17 ) , France ( 16 ) , Greece ( 13 ) , and Poland ( 10 ) have reached double digits .
And the process occurs under governments of every political stripe — not just socialist ones like those of Chavez and Bolivia 's Evo Morales .
Gruff conservatives like Colombia 's Alvaro Uribe and friendly , doting moderates like the Dominican Republic 's Leonel Fernandez have joined the party too , attempting to tear up and revise their constitutionally - mandated term limits .
( It 's important to distinguish between amending and rewriting .
Constitutional amendments are common all over the world , but Latin America 's rewrite - mania is truly eccentric : Venezuela , for instance , has adopted 26 new constitutions , but amended an existing one only thrice . )
Many of these rewrites go beyond term limits , however .
Chavez ’s constitution of 1999 disbanded the upper house of the legislature , rearranged the lower house , separated authority among five " powers " ( including citizens and electoral councils , as well as the usual legislature , executive , and judiciary ) , and redesigned and renamed nearly all government ministries .
The result was the same thing that nearly always emerges from such restructurings : a significantly strengthened executive in direct control of oil revenues , judicial appointments , and an increasingly rubber - stamp National Assembly .
It was the institution of the presidency that emerged intact , recognizable , and all the stronger from the restructuring process — meanwhile the other institutions had to start at square one , lacking the institutional legitimacy , memory , relationships , and mandate necessary to govern independently .
This type of dictatorial redesign is a grand tradition among the region 's caudillos , the iconic strongmen , dating all the way back to the liberator of South America , Simon Bolivar .
And yet , despite their authoritarian intentions , modern - day caudillos approach the process of constitutional revision with a certain delicacy .
Constitutions rarely include provisions for their own destruction , so replacing them in the absence of a massive social upheaval can be tricky .
There was a time when the Trujillos , Gómezes , and Somozas of this world could create constitutions through sheer force of personality , but , nowadays , leaders generally attempt to legitimize them through plebiscites .
Using state funds , they launch massive media campaigns extolling how their new documents are “ the best in the world ” ( Ecuador ’s Rafael Correa ) or that they will solve “ all the [ country 's ] problems ” ( Bolivia ’s Evo Morales ) .
Under the new law , women in Belgium could be jailed for wearing such veils A Belgian debate on whether to ban the wearing of the full - face Islamic veil in public has been thrown into doubt by political turmoil .
Belgian lawmakers were due to debate the legislation when a Dutch - speaking party pulled out of the government and the prime minister offered to resign .
Belgium had been on track to become the first European country to ban the burka or niqab in public places .
Critics say a ban violates the rights of those who choose to wear such veils .
It was not immediately clear whether parliamentary sessions planned for Thursday afternoon would go ahead after Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme handed his resignation to the king .
The king was said to be considering whether to accept .
' Good communication '
The Belgian vote was scheduled a day after France detailed its own plans to ban full veils .
The legislation in Belgium does not specifically mention veils , the BBC's Dominic Hughes in Brussels says .
Everyone should be free to express themselves the way they want according to their conviction and religion
Selma Instead , it says the ban applies to clothing that hides someone 's identity in public places such as parks , buildings and on the street .
Anyone who ignores the ban would face a fine of 15 - 25 euros ( £ 13 - £ 21 ; $ 20 - 34 ) and / or a jail sentence of up to seven days , unless they have police permission to wear such garments .
Supporters of the bill - which has cross -party support - say it is necessary as a security measure , to allow police to correctly identify people .
Stefaan van Heck , an MP with the Belgian Green Party , said it was also important for social integration .
" If you want good integration and good communication between all the many different communities we have in Brussels , it 's important that we see each other when we can speak to each other , " he told the BBC .
Headscarves
The word hijab comes from the Arabic for veil and is used to describe the headscarves worn by Muslim women .
These scarves come in a myriad of styles and colours .
The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear .
The niqab is a veil for the face that leaves the area around the eyes clear .
However , it may be worn with a separate eye veil .
It is worn with an accompanying headscarf .
The burka is the most concealing of all Islamic veils .
It covers the entire face and body , leaving just a mesh screen to see through .
The al - amira is a two - piece veil .
It consists of a close fitting cap , usually made from cotton or polyester , and an accompanying tube - like scarf .
The shayla is a long , rectangular scarf popular in the Gulf region .
It is wrapped around the head and tucked or pinned in place at the shoulders .
The khimar is a long , cape - like veil that hangs down to just above the waist .
It covers the hair , neck and shoulders completely , but leaves the face clear .
The chador , worn by many Iranian women when outside the house , is a full - body cloak .
It is often accompanied by a smaller headscarf underneath .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
There are probably just 30 women who wear full - face veils , out of a Muslim population of around half a million , our correspondent says .
The Muslim Executive of Belgium has warned it would lead to women who do wear the veil being trapped in their homes .
Selma , a Belgian woman who wears the niqab , said it was her personal choice to the wear the garment .
" Everyone should be free to express themselves the way they want according to their conviction and religion , " she told the BBC .
French debate On Wednesday French President Nicolas Sarkozy told a cabinet meeting that the government should submit a bill to parliament on a ban on veils " in all public places " , government spokesman Luc Chatel said .
Mr Sarkozy said the full veils " do not pose a problem in a religious sense , but threaten the dignity of women " , Mr Chatel was quoted as saying by Associated Press news agency .
Last year , the French president said such veils oppressed women and were not welcome in France .
The proposal has provoked intense debate in France about religious freedom in a secular society , as well as the position of Muslims in France .
The country 's highest administrative body , the State Council , has suggested such a law might be unconstitutional .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Absolute Power vs. the Pirate Flag
Today Adobe ran a full - page ad in various newspapers articulating key company beliefs , and company founders John Warnock & Chuck Geschke–whose PostScript innovations were instrumental in the adoption of the Macintosh & desktop publishing –posted their thoughts on open markets & open competition :
Adobe ’s business philosophy is based on a premise that , in an open market , the best products will win in the end — and the best way to compete is to create the best technology and innovate faster than your competitors .
I ’d like to add a few thoughts of my own .
First , all these conversations tend to get framed in terms of Adobe Flash .
That ’s a mistake .
Apple ’s decision to deny customers the choice of whether to use Flash on iPads / iPhones is just one part of a bigger , more interesting question :
What maximizes innovation & ultimate benefit to customers ?
Let me note that I ’ve loved Apple computers since before I could ride a bike .
The introduction of the Mac was a life - changing part of my childhood , and in college I got waaay too into identifying with the company ( during its darkest days ) .
The pirate flag , “ Think Different , ” “ Here ’s to the crazy ones … ” –it all spoke to me , and deeply .
I love making great Mac software , and after eight years product managing Photoshop , I ’ve been asked to help lead the development of new Adobe applications , written from scratch for tablet computers .
In many ways , the iPad is the computer I ’ve been waiting for my whole life .
Discovering how to draw a car on cocktail napkins at the Algonquin Hotel at age 3 is among my earliest memories , and I can tell you exactly what I drew on my Etch - A - Sketch Animator in 1986 .
I ca n’t wait to create & share tablet experiences with my young sons .
Put more simply , I want to build the most amazing iPad imaging apps the world has ever seen .
But will I be allowed to do so ?
And who decides ?
Several years ago we decided to fundamentally rethink our approach to digital photography workflows .
Lightroom ( a Mac - first Cocoa app , let ’s note ) was born .
Apple introduced Aperture around the same time , and I said “ Welcome , Apple ” ( Seriously ) –noting that competition makes us all better .
Since that time , each team has pushed the other to innovate , making each one better .
( Lightroom , for example , led on 64 - bit , beating Aperture and all Apple pro apps to 64 - bit by nearly two years . )
Apple refuses to carry Lightroom in Apple retail stores .
That ’s okay ; Lightroom is doing just fine against Aperture , thank you .
But what if the Apple store were the only store ?
How would Apple customers get the benefits of competition ?
These are n’t idle questions .
When the iPad was introduced , I asked what apps you ’d like to see Adobe build for it .
Among the 300 or so replies were many , many requests for a mobile version of Lightroom .
I think that such an app could be brilliant , and many photographers tell me that its existence would motivate them to buy iPads .
Would Apple let Lightroom for iPad ship ?
It ’s almost impossible to know .
Sometimes they approve apps , then spontaneously remove them for “ duplicat[ing ] features that come with the iPhone . ”
Other times they allow competitors ( apps for Netflix , Kindle , etc. ) , or enable some apps ( e.g. Playboy ) while removing similar ones .
Maybe they ’d let Lightroom ship for a while , but if it started pulling too far ahead of Aperture–well , lights out .
And let ’s forget competition for a minute & talk innovation .
We have some really interesting ideas for multitouch user interfaces–things you ’ve almost certainly never seen previously .
Of course , “ groundbreaking ” almost inherently means “ inconsistent with what ’s come before , ” and Apple can reject an app if , say , it uses two - finger inputs in a new way .
They do this to preserve consistency–until , of course , it ’s time for them to deviate innovate .
( Think Different , as long as you ’re Apple . )
The effect on product development & innovation can be chilling .
Yes , it ’s easy to point to 200,000 apps on the App Store ; it ’s harder to note all those that are n’t there–serious apps that will be created only if developers know they ’ll get a truly fair shot to innovate & compete .
Anything else strengthens alternative platforms while undermining the Apple platform .
You should n’t care about this stuff because you love or hate Adobe * .
You should care because these issues affect your choices as a customer & a creative person .
Will my decision to speak publicly about these concerns harm our ability to deliver iPad apps ?
I do n’t know ; that ’s up to Apple .
But can you imagine a world where , say , constructively criticizing Microsoft could destroy your ability to ship a Windows application ?
It ’s almost unthinkable , and yet that ’s the position in which Apple ’s App Store puts us .
To borrow from the Think Different campaign , “ You can quote them , disagree with them , glorify , or vilify them . ”
That ’s what I ask for Adobe technologies : let them succeed or fail based on their own merits , as determined by customers .
* None of this is specific to Adobe in the least .
Just yesterday , the organizer of Mac indie developer conference C4 , Jonathan Rentzsch , announced the cancellation of the conference , saying that “ [ iPhone SDK ] Section 3.3.1 has broken my spirit . ”
Posted by John Nack at 8:48 AM on May 13 , 2010
CANCUN , MEXICO — Hundreds of tourists and residents fled low - lying islands off Belize and beachgoers were warned to stay out of the water along Mexico ’s resort - studded Caribbean coast Saturday , as rain from Tropical Storm Alex began lashing the region .
Alex , with maximum sustained winds of about 100 km/h , was expected to make landfall at Belize by nightfall , cross land and enter the Gulf of Mexico late Sunday .
The storm appeared headed west of the massive oil spill in parts of the Gulf , but meteorologists warned that a storm ’s track can quickly change .
gained speed as it approached Mexico ’s Yucatan Peninsula , where it was expected to make landfall Saturday night before heading into the Gulf of Mexico , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said .
Alex was not an imminent threat to oil - siphoning efforts at BP ’s blown - out Macondo well in the Gulf , the U.S. Coast Guard said .
Current forecasts project
Alex will emerge in the southern Gulf of Mexico and make landfall again as a minimal hurricane later in the week between Brownsville , Texas , and Tuxpan de Rodriguez Cano , Mexico .
That would spare BP spill collection efforts , forecasters said .
Alex , the first named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season , carried sustained winds of 100 km/h and was located about 45 kilometres east - southeast of Belize City , Belize .
“ Alex will move inland over Belize and the Yucatan peninsula in the next few hours , ” the Miami - based centre said at 5 p.m. EDT .
Quintana
Roo state authorities evacuated 200 people from fishing villages across the Chinchorro reef , near Belize , and Xcalak , famous for its diving spots , where Alex was expected to touch land .
Some rain was expected over Cancun , a major draw for U.S. and European visitors , but there was no threat to some 35,000 tourists in the area , civil protection said .
At least three cruise ships en route to the island of Cozumel , across from Playa del Carmen , another popular resort south of Cancun , changed course to avoid strong waves in the area .
Alex , the first named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season , was moving Saturday afternoon but its speed was expected to decrease over the peninsula .
However , “ some strengthening is forecast as Alex moves over the Gulf of Mexico by Monday , ” forecasters said .
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said a tropical storm warning remained in effect for the coast of Belize and the east coast of Mexico ’s Yucatan Peninsula from Chetumal to Cancun and the islands of Roatan , Guanaja and Utila in Honduras .
Alex was expected to bring heavy rains through Sunday evening .
The Atlantic hurricane season runs from June 1 to Nov. 30 and meteorologists predict this year will be a very active one .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Hurricanes feed on warm water and the sea surface temperatures in the tropical Atlantic are higher than usual this year .
In the Pacific , Darby moved farther from the Mexican coast and was downgraded to a Category 1 hurricane , 500 kilometres south - southwest of the Mexican beach resort of Zihuatanejo .
Read more about :
Infowars.com
May 10 , 2010
Alex dissects the recent Dow stock market meltdown with trends forecaster Gerald Celente .
Celente is the publisher of the Trends Journal and is a business consultant and author who makes predictions about the global financial markets and other events .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
How a kid from Gwinnett County became an Army medic , served on the front lines of two wars , and faced a question as old as the Earth
The man and the woman left the garden with the flaming sword behind them and they went out to till the ground .
And wheat grew on the plains of the Fertile Crescent , and Babylon rose from the edge of the Euphrates .
To the north in the latter days there was a road called Route Parallel , because it ran along the Euphrates , and there men sowed a new crop .
In that mud they laid bombs .
Thunder came from the ground one hot afternoon , filling the blue sky with dust , and Kalashnikovs popped and flashed from the palm groves by the river .
When the air was clear again , the American soldiers saw one of their own men lying in the road .
The captain ran through gunfire to reach him and saw what the bomb had done .
He and the medic administered black Velcro tourniquets and pressure dressings .
They scooped the Copenhagen out of his throat to stop him from choking and pumped clear fluid through his veins to stand in for the missing blood .
Meanwhile a sergeant set up a belt - fed M249 machine gun and raked the palms with twelve rounds per second .
A Black Hawk medevac whirled in from Baghdad , and with it came an Apache gunship .
The Apache strafed the palms so thoroughly that something resembling a human torso could be seen hurtling through the air .
The captain and the medic and two others loaded their wounded man on a stretcher and hauled him through the mud to the Black Hawk .
There he sat up , breathing hard , eyes wide open , and then he lay down again .
He had mailed his last love letter a week earlier , and it had yet to reach his girl .
He had chosen a name for a son .
The Black Hawk took off at 12:33 p.m. and touched down eight minutes later at a combat support hospital in Baghdad .
The doctors revived their patient and replaced his blood , but he crashed again .
They cracked open his chest , massaged his heart , brought him back for a few more minutes .
And then he was gone .
Back at the base , when the news trickled in , another captain ordered fifty aluminum bracelets inscribed with the following message :
SSG MICHAEL R HULLENDER 1-501st PIR US ARMY KIA 28 APRIL 2007 ISKANDARIYAH , IRAQ
The captain put out a sign - up sheet .
He got fifty names almost immediately .
He ordered fifty more bracelets , then fifty more .
They were ten dollars each .
His wife asked about all those charges on his credit card .
Fifty more .
Fifty more .
He ordered almost 500 .
Many soldiers were dying in those days at Forward Operating Base Iskandariyah .
The captain attended more memorial services than he could count .
None were as crowded as Michael Hullender’s .
Back in the States , a friend bought Michael ’s rusty Jeep Wrangler and attached a new license plate that said HULLENDER .
His fiancee ’s old boyfriend named a speedboat after him .
At least two men suffered the pain of electric needles to have monuments to Michael painted under their skin .
He was buried on a cloudy afternoon in Buford , thirty - five miles northeast of Atlanta , not far from where he grew up .
His father stood in the grass under a half - raised American flag and stared at the long metal box .
Behind him stood Michael ’s sister Amy , in a black dress , going numb from the pain , and behind her was Michael ’s mother , who had retreated so far into her own mind that later she found herself asking if anyone had played taps .
She was touching the shoulder of her daughter Lisa , Michael ’s oldest sister , who for years had played the role of his mother , who had once dressed him up as a girl because he was so pretty as a small boy , and who had voted for President Bush in 2004 for one reason :
She thought he would keep Michael safe .
Guns sounded and prayers were said .
The casket sank into the earth .
Hours later , Michael ’s old friend Chad Vincent returned to the grave and pulled rocks from the clay , to make a softer blanket .
I was there too and I cried as hard as anyone , partly from guilt , because I stayed home while he went to war .
I knew Michael when we were boys ; his family attended my father ’s church .
We were never close friends — in fact , he once backhanded me in the face after I smeared him with a blackberry — but I always looked up to him , especially after he became a soldier , and I found myself wondering what really happened over there .
People say nice things when someone dies , especially when that someone has a flag on his casket .
I wanted to know the truth , down to the last detail .
I called Chad Vincent last November , because I ’d heard he was one of Michael ’s best friends in the Army .
I told him about the story and asked if I could visit him in Texas .
“ Anything for Mike , ” he said .
Anything meant he took two days off work and drove forty miles through the horror of Dallas rush hour to pick me up from the airport .
It meant he put me up in his spare bedroom for three nights and took me out for enchiladas and got angry when I tried to pay for anything .
It meant he drove me back to the airport , walked me inside and handed me a parting gift .
To understand the meaning of that gift , you need to know a little about Chad .
Before the day his parachute collapsed and he landed hard enough to crack his spine , he was an Army Ranger .
Men become Rangers by surviving nine weeks of emaciating misery .
Sometimes they get two hours of sleep ; sometimes they do n’t .
Maybe they get one meal a day .
They crawl through mud under barbed wire and drag machine guns up mountainsides and rappel down icy cliffs .
They do infinite push - ups and flutter kicks .
They fall from planes and land in trees .
They risk snakebite and frostbite without complaint .
Chad went into Ranger School 160 pounds and came out 120 , and for that he earned a black cloth patch barely an inch wide with the word RANGER embroidered in gold .
Anything for Mike .
Chad pressed his Ranger tab into my hand , even though I ’d done nothing to deserve it , as a token of thanks for telling Michael ’s story .
When I tried to give it back , he said I had better keep it or I might fly out of Texas with a fresh black eye .
So , the story .
There were two main questions .
How did Michael come to inspire such loyalty ?
And how did he come to die on the floodplain of the Euphrates ?
I looked closer and saw they were the same .
Answer one and you ’ve answered them both .
And then I came to another question , a much deeper one , older than patriotism or organized religion , even older than war , though a few minutes younger than killing .
It was first posed thousands of years ago in the Fertile Crescent , in the land that would become Iraq , on the same ground where Michael Hullender took his last steps .
1. Ball and Chain
I spent all my money / I ’ve been drinkin ’ since a half past noon .
He runs hard through the twilight , hard but not fast , New Balance sneakers slapping the pavement with the force of his 195 pounds .
At five - foot - eight he ’s a packhorse , not a gazelle , but the Army has standards .
Eight minutes a mile .
Forty minutes for five miles .
Any slower and you do n’t get into Ranger School .
Fort Benning , Georgia , summer 2003 .
Michael is twenty - five years old .
Five years in uniform and he ’s a private , right back where he started .
Sweat darkens his heather - gray T - shirt .
At this rate it will take an hour just to burn off the ten Miller Lites he drank last night , to say nothing of the other calories .
His friends have learned to hide anything they do n’t want him to devour .
An eighteen - inch pizza could be dinner .
A whole jar of hot peppers for a midnight snack .
Breakfast : a loaf of bread , a pound of bacon , a dozen eggs .
Tonight is wide open .
Maybe it ’ll be a quiet one — a few beers , a midnight wrestling match in the barracks , a few minutes with the Bible , a journal entry addressed to God , and off to bed .
Or maybe it ’ll be the other kind of night , where he crosses the threshold and his eyeball twitches , where the alter ego known as Mikey Smash comes out , where he stands on the pool table , challenging everyone , where he walks up to the bar with his Hollywood jaw and finds a fat girl and takes her home despite his wingman ’s admonitions , insisting , “ No , dude , she ’s totally hot . ”
Michael runs harder , across the sunset , the Prisoners of War tattoo gleaming on his right forearm .
He hates running .
It hurts his knees and his sciatic nerve .
It has hurt even more since the training exercise when he slid too fast down a rope from a Chinook helicopter and jarred his bones on the earth .
Once , after an especially rough five - miler , he turned white and spent two days in his room recovering .
On he goes .
There is another reason he runs .
The men call him Doc Hullender , and he must be ready to save their lives , to move fast , to race death .
So he runs , still forty - five seconds off the five - mile pace , portable CD player cranking “ Ball and Chain , ” by the California punk band Social Distortion , a song that has become his personal anthem :
Well I ’ll pass the bar on the way
To my dingy hotel room
I spent all my money
I ’ve been drinkin ’ since a half past noon
Well I ’ll wake there in the mornin ’
Or maybe in the county jail
Times are hard , getting harder
I ’m born to lose and destined to fail
Take away , take away
Take away this ball and chain
Well I ’m lonely and I ’m tired
And I ca n’t take any more pain
Take away , take away
Never to return again
Take away , take away , take away
Take away this ball and chain
2. The Backpack
Clean guns , sharp knives , and well - oiled leather .
Flash back eleven years .
A boy stands at an ironing board with a can of liquid starch , pressing his camouflage fatigues .
He has always insisted on crisp uniforms , ever since T - ball , and now , at age fourteen , he ’s a cadet in the Civil Air Patrol , well past his G.I .
Joe stage , four or five years removed from the day he buried his face in his father ’s chest and cried , “ I just want a mommy . ”
Next he will iron sharp creases into his shirt and polish his black boots till they shine like mirrors .
Tomorrow is inspection day , and it will start at 5:45 a.m. when his father , Ren Hullender , a high school art teacher , rousts him and his two older sisters , Lisa and Amy , out of bed to study the Bible .
Michael finishes the ironing and goes to his bedroom , where he keeps an Army - green backpack full of Civil Air Patrol supplies : a first - aid kit , ponchos , his Leatherman tool , emergency flares , a hank of 550 - pound parachute cord , and , of course , meals ready - to - eat , all sealed in watertight Ziploc .
The backpack is always packed , in keeping with the Civil Air Patrol motto : Semper Vigilans .
Always Vigilant .
The phone could ring in the dead of night and it might be the ground team leader and he would say , There ’s a plane down in the woods — meet us at the Lawrenceville airport in an hour .
And Michael would grab the backpack and go .
Ren would drive him to the airport to join the team and they would head for the crash site , navigating by compass , building fires as needed .
They would keep watch along the perimeter to make sure no one disturbed the wreckage .
They would be self - sufficient in the field for up to twenty - four hours , thanks to their training and their backpacks .
The team leader never calls , but Michael is ready just in case .
Clean guns , sharp knives , and well - oiled leather .
This is one of Ren ’s favorite sayings .
He buys a 9 mm Glock and takes Michael to the Bull ’s Eye in Lawrenceville every Tuesday and Thursday night to fire at bowling pins , and he takes Michael into the woods of Hancock County to kill deer with long rifles .
He takes Michael and the girls to the YMCA and teaches them all to lift weights .
Ren has designed this regimen to recondition three children who are accustomed to running wild .
He and their mother , Cindy , separated when Michael was two , and the kids lived with her for the next six years .
Cindy worked as many as three jobs and frequently left them with babysitters .
She moved north when her new husband got a job on Wall Street , but the children wanted to stay in Georgia , so she sent them to live with Ren .
“ It ’s probably a good thing they were with their father , ” she would say almost twenty - five years later , despite her regrets .
After high school , Ren sends Michael off to West Georgia College to major in business and look for the virtuous woman described in Proverbs 31 , the one who rises before the sun and clothes her household with scarlet .
“ Lord , ” Michael writes in his blue hardbound journal , “ I have been pondering the thought of what I would like in a wife or a woman that I have a long - term relationship with .
Blonde — Southern belle , physically and inner attractiveness , conservative , home maker , 5 ’ 2 ” –5 ’ 7 ” , thin , smart intellectual w/ Southern drawl .
God fearing woman , actively seeking . ”
Then he asks for a pickup truck : a Chevy S - 10 with a 4.3 - liter engine , CD player , custom rims , cruise control , and a bedliner .
“ Lord Permit Bless Me These , ” he writes .
Michael learns to drink in college , but he finds nothing to keep him there .
He gets an A in Weightlifting and a B in Personal Relationships and a D in Drama Appreciation .
He reads about Robert E. Lee in his spare time .
He flees north in the summer of 1998 , to his mother ’s house in New Jersey .
She is a Civil War reenactor .
Her father was a lieutenant colonel who ran the Army hospital at Fort Bragg .
Her mother was an Army nurse .
Michael puts on the gray uniform of the South and goes out to the simulated battlefield with his mother ’s friends , and somewhere around this time he decides he ’s not going back to college .
He joins the Army and leaves for basic training in September .
He will be a medic .
He is ready for a bigger backpack .
3 . The Killing
Two brothers in a field .
Michael ’s Bible is a gift from Ren , a New King James version with gold edging on every page .
It tells how the world began , how Adam and Eve ate the forbidden fruit , how God cast them out of the Garden of Eden , how angels and a flaming sword were stationed to guard the Tree of Life .
And then , in the fourth chapter of Genesis , it tells of the first killing .
In time , men would find many reasons to kill .
There would be spite and revenge , conquest and profit , convenience and self - defense .
But the first reason was jealousy .
Adam and Eve had two sons : Cain , a farmer ; and Abel , a shepherd ; and in time each one made an offering to the Lord .
And the Lord respected Abel and his offering , but He did not respect Cain and his offering .
And Cain was very angry , and his countenance fell .
So the Lord said to Cain , “ Why are you angry ?
And why has your countenance fallen ?
If you do well , will you not be accepted ?
And if you do not do well , sin lies at the door .
And its desire is for you , but you should rule over it . ”
Now Cain talked with Abel his brother ; and it came to pass , when they were in the field , that Cain rose up against Abel his brother and killed him .
The manner of death and the murder weapon are left to our imagination .
But God sees everything .
“ Where is Abel your brother ? ” He asked .
“ I do not know , ” Cain said , which was a lie , of course , though not the world ’s first lie , for that belonged to the serpent .
And then Cain stood red -handed before God and uttered a question of his own .
4. The Making of Doc Hullender
The pigs and goats get anesthesia .
Vietnam , December 1966 .
An American bomb falls on American Marines on a riverbank , killing about ten and injuring nearly twenty .
The explosion blows both legs off Don “ Doc ” Rion , the company ’s senior medic .
He smears mud on his stumps to slow the bleeding and gets to work .
Unable to talk much because of the pain , he uses hand motions to direct other Marines who are treating those with the worst wounds .
He refuses bandages for his own legs .
There ’s no time , he says .
He drags himself from one Marine to another , pantomiming medical procedures , until he is taken away .
Doc Rion dies in the medevac after saving the lives of at least four Marines .
This scene , recounted by Major General John Admire in the anthology Doc : Heroic Stories of Medics , Corpsmen , and Surgeons in Combat , distills the essence of battlefield medicine .
You do what you can with what you have .
Medics have sanitized wounds with Scotch whisky and choked off severed arteries with their fingers .
They are not bound by the rules of civilian medicine .
They are doctors of first and often last resort .
Michael learns procedures that are forbidden in the civilian world for anyone but a doctor .
If a soldier is bleeding to death and he can’t find a place to insert the IV , he can cut the skin near the ankle and find the vein and cut it free of surrounding tissue and tie it off and insert a catheter .
If a soldier has massive head trauma and can’t breathe on his own , Michael can perform a cricothyroidotomy :
Take a scalpel , cut a hole in the soldier ’s throat near the Adam ’s apple , insert a clear plastic tube with a bag at the end , squeeze air through the tube to the lungs .
He can do these things because he has practiced them .
This kind of learning goes beyond books , or sophisticated mannequins , or even the cadavers that aspiring doctors slice and probe .
Michael knows these procedures work because he has tried them on pigs and goats .
The Army calls this Live Tissue Training .
You surely do n’t get it in medical school .
Think of the protests !
No matter .
The Army does not run on public opinion .
And there ’s nothing like handling a living thing when it comes to learning how to preserve life .
So the pigs and goats get anesthesia and then they are stabbed , or cut , or otherwise injured , and then Michael and the other medics must save them .
In 1999 he reports at Fort Benning to the 75th Ranger Regiment , the finest light infantry in the world , heirs to the Swamp Fox , where the standing orders have remained the same since before the American Revolution :
Have your musket clean as a whistle , hatchet scoured , sixty rounds powder and ball , and be ready to march at a minute ’s warning .
Soldiers in this regiment are expected to finish Ranger School , those nine weeks of misery , but Michael is not admitted .
There ’s the problem of the five - mile run .
Still , the regiment makes exceptions , especially for medics , especially for good medics like Michael , especially for good medics like Michael who have earned both the Expert Field Medical Badge and the Expert Infantryman Badge and can also hit thirty - eight targets in forty shots with an M16 and a long - range sight .
And still he drinks , in the proud Army tradition of his grandfather , Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Wilkins .
“ Well , ” he writes in his journal on November 26 , 2000 , “ this weekend has not been the best for me .
I made a fool of myself Wednesday , and I am afraid I will get caught for an accident I do n’t remember . ”
Twenty - four days later , on his twenty - third birthday , a telephone rings and an alert goes out .
This is usually a drill .
Each of the three Ranger battalions is on a four - month alert cycle , during which time no Ranger may go more than fifty miles from post and all Rangers must report for duty within two hours .
The Ranger Regiment says it can deploy anywhere in the world within eighteen hours .
So the alert goes out , through the phone tree and the pagers , and Michael shows up .
He always shows up , even when he ’s been drinking , as he has today , and his boss hides Doc Hullender in his office and tells him to stay out of sight until he sobers up .
Ten months later , with the rubble still deep at Ground Zero , the Rangers are called again .
5. Objective Rhino
An airfield south of Kandahar .
He falls hard through the warm night , toward the desert floor , green silk parachute billowing above him .
They say paratroopers fall at twenty - two feet per second , but Michael must fall faster , with all his bulk and his forty - pound medic bag .
The men call him Heavy Drop , a term usually reserved for parachuting Humvees or tanks .
Even the good landings hurt , because even with the parachute he falls with the force of a free fall from the roof of a house .
Never mind the bad landings , the spinal shock , the broken teeth , the biceps torn on the static line .
Even the good landings hurt .
He lands on the balls of his feet and does a slow cartwheel , body curving like the runner of a rocking chair , impact diffusing from calf to knee to thigh to armpit , feet coming up over his head .
He stands on the ground of Afghanistan .
Through his night - vision goggles he can see fire in the distance .
All around him , Rangers are landing .
It ’s October 19 , 2001 , and the men of the Third Battalion are the first ground troops , other than the CIA and Special Forces , in a war America is fighting from the air .
They have come to seize an airfield south of Kandahar code - named Objective Rhino .
By now the AC - 130 gunships have already strafed the airfield .
Toward the horizon Michael sees the headlights of Taliban trucks .
Then the AC - 130 cannons strike again , and there is an orange explosion .
The headlights go dark .
The Rangers take the airfield before the enemy can fire a shot .
The lack of resistance is almost disappointing .
Closer to Kandahar at Mullah Omar ’s compound , the men of Delta Force are fighting for their lives , but this airfield is nearly deserted .
They are on the ground barely five hours .
A few Rangers hurt themselves landing — a broken foot here , a muscle strain there — but no one needs Michael to save them .
6. The Barroom Hero
Four , two , three , one .
One night about five months later , as he is leaving a bar in Winder , Georgia , he sees two girls .
He stops to talk , because he always talks to strangers , and he sees they are too drunk to drive .
He offers to bring them home , even though it ’s out of his way , and they all pile into his silver Jeep Wrangler .
On this new route he turns left on a street with a no - left - turn sign , thus drawing attention from the police .
“ Four , two , three , one , ” he says when they ask him to count down , because it turns out he is also too drunk to drive , and so his misguided altruism costs him his job .
The Rangers do n’t tolerate DUI charges .
He is sent to the Ranger Training Battalion .
There is more drinking , a positive test for cocaine , a demotion to private .
But the boy with the backpack always gets up for work , even after the roughest nights , and he attends to his duties with microscopic precision .
He can not be a Ranger but he can train them , because he has made himself one of the best - trained medics in the battalion .
He is sent back to the Ranger Regiment to teach the Expert Field Medical Badge course .
Many good medics fail this test , because it requires such reams of memorization , such rapt attention to detail , but Michael teaches his eighty - two medics so well that sixty - eight go on to earn the badge .
His new roommate is Chad Vincent , the Ranger who missed the war in Afghanistan because he fell from the sky on a training jump when his parachute collapsed .
Chad works at a desk now , what with the fused vertebrae and the nerve damage , and he is shunned by many of the soldiers .
The injured are often viewed with suspicion in the Army , because everyone knows that some soldiers will fake injuries to get a ticket home .
Michael believes Chad .
He looks at the X - rays and says it ’s a wonder Chad ’s not in a wheelchair .
When Chad is forced into medical retirement , he hurls away his uniform in disgust , because he wants nothing more than to be a Ranger for life .
Michael saves Chad ’s camouflage shirt .
Years later , Ren will go through Michael ’s things and find Chad ’s shirt and mail it back .
Chad will open the package and the sight of that camouflage will hit him like a bullet in the heart .
When Chad goes home to Texas to work in an eyecare products factory , Michael is one of the few soldiers who keeps calling and visiting .
They drink barrels of Miller Lite .
Even at the bar , Michael is on a mission .
He scans the room for the lonely , the outnumbered , the short - skirted .
He buys drinks for so many people that he runs out of money and goes begging to his friends .
When he hears people decrying the war in Iraq , he puts on his brass knuckles and slams them on the bar , spilling their drinks , because he figures if you ’re against the war you ’re against the soldiers , no matter what else you say .
One day a man sees him and Chad at the Jack in the Box and tells them to go back to Iraq and step on some IEDs .
Chad prepares to send the man ’s teeth down his throat , but Michael pulls him away , not because he is opposed to this natural correction but because through the window he can see a police car .
There are a hundred such stories in the Legend of Mikey Smash : knuckles bruised , trousers dropped , cougars flattered , cameras defiled , popcorn blackened , dancers overpaid .
But my favorite unfolds one night at the Shamrock in Fort Worth , when Michael sees an old man who has had too much whiskey .
The man passes out and falls off his barstool .
Michael runs to him , picks him up , sets him back up at the bar .
“ Hey , ” he says , “ you all right ? ”
The old man wants another drink .
“ I ’ll drink another for you , ” Michael says , and just sits there with him , talking about Irish pub tunes , one hand on his shoulder to keep him upright .
7. A Bowl of Snow
You have captivated my heart .
He meets her in a bar on the white slope of Mount Alyeska .
She is not blonde , not a Southern belle , not conservative , and no kind of homemaker .
But when Michael gives Kyle Harper a dollar and tells her to pick any song on the jukebox , she plays his favorite , “ Ball and Chain ” :
But wherever I have gone
I was sure to find myself there
You can run all your life
But not go anywhere .
It ’s March 2006 , and Sergeant Michael Hullender has relocated to Fort Richardson , just outside Anchorage , where snow - covered mountains line the horizon like a great white row of shark ’s teeth .
He shows up for their first date in camouflage shorts , even though it ’s snowing , with plastic wrap on his lower leg to cover an unfinished tattoo that involves praying hands and a knife .
She forgives all this because of his courtly manner and his Hollywood jaw and because , after graduating from Georgetown with a degree in women ’s studies , she has come to Alaska for a good time .
They close down the bar and then it is 2 a.m. and ten degrees .
He knows better than to try to drive forty - four miles back to Fort Richardson in this condition , so he tells her he will sleep in his rusted Jeep Wrangler with no locks or emergency brake or working heater .
No , she says .
You can crash in my living room .
She cries in the morning .
Her hangover is only part of the reason .
Her brain ’s imbalanced chemicals pull her up and down , up and down , from the giggling , jittery peaks of hypomania to depression , cold and dark like the ocean floor .
And now she has a fever , too , because she did n’t get enough sleep , which is one of the symptoms of her chronic fatigue syndrome .
Kyle expects
Michael to flee when he learns about all this , but he keeps coming back .
He knocks off work at the troop medical clinic and heads down the Seward Highway , wedged between the bay and the ridge , a fresh natural masterpiece around every curve .
Sunlight pours through holes in the clouds and lands on the water in pools of white fire .
To the left he can see fissures in the rock where avalanches are born , and up ahead is Girdwood , surrounded by mountains , a giant bowl of snow .
He finds Kyle at the Sitzmark , the ski lodge at the base of Mount Alyeska where she is a server .
Sitzmark is a word of German extraction referring to the impression left in the snow by a falling skier or , in Michael ’s case , snowboarder .
Michael is responsible for many sitzmarks , but he keeps shredding , even when he bruises his hamstring so badly that he can hardly sit for two weeks .
They sit on the beige carpet in Kyle ’s living room , listening to Social Distortion , drinking port wine , debating White Male Privilege .
She meets at least one condition on his old wish list to God : she is an intellectual , albeit a liberal Democratic feminist one .
He takes her copy of Bitch magazine back to the barracks , though he hides it beneath other magazines on his nightstand so the other men wo n’t see .
She comes home from work to find him in her condo , cooking lamb and asparagus , and at night he sleeps on the floor next to her bed , instead of beside her , so he wo n’t disturb her ten hours of sleep .
They have a talk before he leaves for Iraq .
She tells him she will probably never have children , partly because of her health .
He does n’t flinch .
“ I value my love for you over anything else in my life , so I am pledging to give myself to you , ” he writes later .
“ I went into this knowing that I may never have a child , or at least one of my own blood , and I am prepared for that . ”
He says all this despite already having chosen John Alexander as the name of his firstborn son .
Michael goes off to war in October 2006 , even though he needs surgery on his back and could probably get a medical deferment if he tried .
Four months later , he steps on a bomb .
But it ’s buried too deep , and he is merely shaken .
He comes back to Alaska on leave and hands Kyle a diamond ring , even though he knows she will not take his name .
Back in Iraq on April 21 , 2007 , he sends her a letter :
So many times you ’ve asked me what I love about you , and it is quite simple .
You understand me .
You see through my exterior flaws , and you see me for who I am .
We can go through life not ever really knowing anyone , but to truly love and understand a person , and to accept their shortcomings , to grow with them , reinforce their strengths , and be their heart and soul is an amazing thing .
I feel like this is what I found with you , and it makes me so happy and a little teary even as I write this .
The package also contains a mix CD with notes on all sixteen tracks , including “ Hard Headed Woman , ” by Cat Stevens ( “ I needed that strength in a woman , and you ’ve shown me a new way of seeing the world ” ) ; “ The Perfect Girl , ” by The Cure ( “ You have captivated my heart and mind . . . ” ) ; and “ Angel ’s Wings , ” by Social Distortion ( “ Yay , I ’m going to marry you some day and I ’m so proud ” ) .
He writes this at the end :
I want you to listen to this any time you are feeling alone , frightened , anxious , or happy , and know that I am thinking of you .
Love you , M
But he writes the wrong zip code on the package , thus delaying delivery , and by the time it reaches her he is already in the ground .
8. The Reckoning
A throwaway line .
The first human question was a rhetorical one , spoken with insolence and deceit .
It came from the mouth of Cain as he stood before God with his brother ’s blood on his hands .
God did not see fit to answer .
Instead
He put a curse on Cain , along with a mark of protection so no one would kill him , and sent him to wander the earth .
People later claimed they saw him as far west as Tennessee and as far north as the moon .
The killing continued , never to stop till the world goes dark , and the question became a throwaway line , a dangling footnote .
And yet , in the subsequent eons , in countless lives and innumerable words , no one has asked anything more important .
Who knows what Michael thought of Cain ’s story , or if he thought of it at all .
Who knows what whirled through his mind on April 28 , 2007 , when he answered Cain ’s question without saying a word .
9 . The Question
And the answer .
The first bomb explodes before noon with the crash of a bass drum .
It rises from the mud of Route Parallel , not far from the Euphrates , and it fractures a Humvee full of American soldiers .
One takes shrapnel to the right temple and suffers a cracked skull .
The boom reverberates nearly two miles away , inside the City Council building , where American officers and Iraqi officials sit in high - backed leather chairs around a dark wooden conference table .
Some of the Iraqi men wear black - and - white kaffiyehs on their heads .
Some are Sunni Muslims and some are Shiite .
This is an important meeting , a reconciliation , because lately the Sunnis and the Shiites have been blowing up each other ’s mosques , and houses , and children ; also Al - Qaeda is at work , to the west at the fish farms , and clean water is scarce , and unemployment is something like 70 percent .
There is no telling what idle young men will do .
Captain Joseph
Whitener hears the boom at the table and hears chatter on his handheld radio : IED , casualties , firefight .
He is the commander of Dog Company .
Those are his men out there .
He asks the major if he can take a team to Route Parallel .
Michael stands guard outside the meeting room , looking puffy in his body armor and pixel - print camouflage .
His presence here is no accident .
He is the only medic among the eighteen soldiers in the battalion commander ’s Personal Security Detachment , which means it is his job , should the need arise , to save the commander ’s life .
The officers have such confidence in Michael that Command Sergeant Major Bernie Knight will later write , “ I had no doubt that injured soldiers would die of old age before they would die of wounds if Doc Hullender was involved in their treatment . ”
But this assignment has created an odd paradox : Because the commander is smart enough not to go busting down doors and looking for trouble , Michael — one of the best - trained medics in the battalion , and perhaps the best soldier of all the medics — does n’t either .
In fact , his colleagues say , despite nearly nine years in the Army and six months here in the Triangle of Death , Doc Hullender has yet to treat the battle wounds of a single American soldier .
And so , when Captain Whitener gets permission to take the Personal Security Detachment to help the men in the broken Humvee , he sees Michael squared - up in the doorway .
The men pile into four Humvees and drive gingerly through the streets of Iskandariyah , past a landfill , out to the desert .
Captain Whitener rides in the lead Humvee and Michael rides in the third .
The drive takes about five minutes , and when their convoy reaches Dog Company ’s convoy , they stop in the middle of Route Parallel because the road is blocked .
Captain
Whitener gets out first and runs ahead , through the fine brown dust , on a road notorious for subterranean bombs .
Michael gets out too .
“ Sparrow 7 , this is Pirate 4 , ” Michael says on the radio to Staff Sergeant Paul Shirey , who is leading the Personal Security Detachment that day .
“ I ’m going up there . ”
He does not ask , even though Shirey outranks him .
He tells .
“ Hold on a second , ” Shirey says .
“ Let me find out if they need a medic . ”
“ Dog 6 , this is Sparrow 7 , ” Shirey says on the radio to Captain Whitener .
“ Do you need a medic ? ”
“ Please , ” Captain Whitener says .
Michael takes off with Shirey behind him .
Up ahead , Captain Whitener reaches the wounded man .
A Dog Company medic has already bandaged his head .
He is conscious , alert , talking .
He will survive .
Captain Whitener radios to Shirey :
“ Dog 6 to Sparrow 7 .
Hey , we do n’t need the medic . ”
Shirey is at least ten meters behind Michael .
He never delivers the message .
Anyway , he is sure it would have been ignored .
The boy with the backpack has waited fifteen years for this .
The enemy is laid up behind some earthworks in the palm groves maybe half a mile west , near the Euphrates , the fourth river that flowed from the Garden of Eden .
Somewhere around here , thousands of years ago , Cain asked God his insolent question .
Am I my brother ’s keeper ?
Michael runs , on creaking knees , 100 pounds of gear on his aching back , through 100 - degree heat , across the enemy ’s gunsights , up a road full of bombs .
Am I my brother ’s keeper ?
Around the world , there is one more killing every forty seconds .
He runs , he runs .
A thunderclap .
A cloud of dust .
This story originally appeared in our May 2009 issue .
Marriage can be challenging on its own .
Learning to live with someone else is difficult in any circumstance , and no amount of love or passion can change the fact that marriage requires conscientious effort to ensure success .
Adding money troubles to the equation can make marriage even more difficult .
Money elicits strong emotional responses , and stresses related to money can easily spill over into our relationships .
One way you can reduce marital stress due to money is to recognize these 5 issues , and work to resolve ( or avoid ) them :
1. Ambiguity when it comes to financial goals
Many couples start out marriage without unified goals for their money .
Few even have “ the money talk ” beyond figuring out what each other ’s salaries , assets and debts are .
Later , stress can arise as marriage partners become frustrated that the other person does n’t seem to understand their goals .
Make sure you talk about your money style with your spouse , and come up with goals that you both are comfortable with when it comes to saving , spending , investing , retirement , and other financial decisions .
2. Hiding purchases from your partner
Increasingly , financial experts warn about “ financial infidelity ” , in which marriage partners hide purchases from each other .
They might tell white lies about the cost of a purchase , or fail to disclose purchases altogether .
Other related issues , such as not being honest about debt and other obligations , can also crop up .
It is important that you and your spouse be honest and open about your money behaviors .
In some cases , it can help if each partner has an “ allowance ” to spend on what they want .
This way , spouses are less likely to feel guilty about purchases .
3. Division of household expenses
Sometimes , arguments over the division of household expenses can crop up in two income families .
One spouse might feel that he or she is contributing more than a fair share to household expenses .
While some couples solve this by combining everything so that it is one big pot ( this is what my husband and I do , and it works for us ) , this does n’t work for everyone .
Some solve the problem by each contributing the same percentage ( such as 70 % ) of their income for household expenses , and keeping the rest .
Others assign specific bills to each spouse , depending on the spouse ’s income .
Discuss these issues , and come up with something that seems fair to both parties .
4. Debt
Debt is a financial problem , and a big stress on many marriages .
These obligations drain away wealth and financial independence .
Thinking about debt , and worrying over whether it will destroy financial security , can easily spill over into the marriage relationship .
It is vital that couples make paying down debt a priority .
A lot of tension in the home environment can be eliminated along with debt .
Get together and make a plan for aggressively paying down your debt .
5 . Jealousy over another ’s paycheck
I out earn my husband by quite a bit .
Our neighbors have commented on how difficult it must be for him .
However , my husband is not jealous ( or if he is , he hides it well ) .
Since we make money decisions together , and everything goes into our household pot , there is no reason to worry about who earns what .
We each do our best to contribute what we can , and we make no recriminations .
Mainly because we do n’t measure our worth by our salaries .
It ’s important for both partners to understand that a salary is not a measure of a person ’s worth , and partners who make more should be careful of trying to assert more authority in the relationship based on salary .
Bickering over who has the better “ right ” to make household money decisions based on individual income is not productive , and does not help the marriage .
Bottom line :
There are numerous financial issues that can affect a marriage .
The key to overcoming them is open and honest communication , as well as the recognition that marriage really is a partnership .
Surfing History
California Reinstates Surfboard Permit Laws - April Fools 2010
This was our April Fools joke from 2010 .
A lot of people really enjoyed it , thanks for all of the emails and for helping to spread the word .
You guys are the best fans ever !
The state of California has once again put into effect surfboard permit laws which require surfers to register any surfboards which are used at public beaches .
This law was put into effect today after a press conference from Sacramento where Governor Schwarzenegger announced his plan to use the surfing community to help the state climb out of a deficit .
Governor Schwarzenegger has been working to find a solution to California 's $ 6 Billion deficit since the start of the year .
Along with the state senate , many new approaches have been taken including the recent round of layoffs in thte school districts .
This new plan targets the coast line of the state , taxing recreational users of surfboards .
The concept of surfboard permits is nothing new .
In the early 1900 's many beaches around the state required boards to be marked with a permit .
This would show that the surfer had registered the board and payed the necessary fees to operate the vessel in a state waterway .
The permit idea is very similar to that of a boat permit you would get for a fishing boat or sail boat .
With an estimated one million surfers in California , many of whom have more than one board , this new law can stand to generate between $ 500 - 700 Million in 2010 alone .
The idea initially came to Governor Schwarzenegger as he was driving up the coast .
He commented , " I thought to myself , look at all of those surfers , it is 11 AM on a Wednesday and it is still crowded out there . "
Whether or not he is bitter about us surfers winning the whole Trestles thing is still up in the air , but this new law is going to cost surfers quite a bit of their hard earned cash .
How Much Will Permits Cost ?:
The permit cost is dependent on the size of the board .
A permit for a board under 6 ' 6 " will cost $ 100 for the year while anything between 6 ' 6 " and 9 ' will run $ 200 .
The largest fee , that for boards greater than 9 ' tall will cost $ 500 per year as these are classified by the state as commercial vessels .
Governor Schwarzenegger commented , " A board of that size seems completely unnecessary .
You could fit a whole crew on it .
Heck , I saw a guy out there on one working last week .
He was sweeping . "
Upon hearing the news , wholesale distributor , Costco , announced they will be making a deal with the state to preregister all of their boards .
Since most of the people riding them do not take the time to learn anything about the sport , customs , safety or anything else , the state of California has agreed to the deal .
A representative commented that most of the boards will just sit in a garage not being used anyway .
When Does The Policy Start ?:
The new policy will go into effect on June 1 , 2010 , just in time for summer .
All boards must be registered by then or the surfer riding it will risk a citation and confiscation of their board .
More information can be found at the website of the California Department of Boating & Waterways .
Once the permits are in effect , they will be checked by lifeguards periodically .
This will require all surfers to stop what they are doing and hold their boards up in the air showing the permit .
Local tough guy Dane Reynolds commented that if the lifeguards want to see the bottom of his board , they 'll just have to watch when he airs .
We will keep you updated as this story unfolds .
Look for more SurfScience tips on how to get a permit fast , how to shorten your board to get under the 6 ' 6 " mark and save $ 100 as well as how to make fake surfboard permits that look good from a distance .
President Obama says he is " absolutely positive " he has made the right decisions on health care , financial reform and the stimulus bill .
" I knew these things might not be popular , " he tells Fox News Channel 's Bret Baier , but he says he believes that in time he will be " vindicated in having made those tough decisions . "
In an interview airing at 6 p.m. ET , Obama tells
Fox that he's " confident " health care legislation will pass " because it 's the right thing to do . "
He said he hopes the vote comes this week , possibly giving House members some wiggle room on the deadline , and he said he realizes that judgment day will come in November .
" Somebody who votes for this bill , they 're going to be judged at the polls , " Obama says .
" And the same is going to be true if they vote against it . "
What about judgment day for him ?
What about the impact on his presidency ?
" If it does n't pass , I 'm more concerned about what it does to families out there who right now are getting crushed by rising health - care costs and small businesses who were having to make a decision , ' Do I hire or do I fix health care ? ' " he says .
" That 's the reason I make these decisions . "
( Posted by Mimi Hall )
A few years ago a " contemporary artist " named Judi Werthein made headlines when she distributed specially designed and equipped sneakers to Mexicans waiting to cross the U. S. border .
She called her piece " Brinco , " from the Spanish word for " jump . "
Sneakers are also apt here .
Ms. Werthein 's shoes — equipped with a compass , map , flashlight , and medication — were intended to assist people engaging in illegal immigration .
Dipti Desai , who directs the art education program at New York University 's Steinhardt School , thinks that " Brinco " ...
AFRICA is the “ underdammed ” continent .
It is the least irrigated and electrified , yet it uses only 3 % of its renewable water , against 52 % in South Asia .
So there is plenty of scope for an African dam - building boom .
Ghana long ago dammed the River Volta , Egypt the Nile , Zambia , Zimbabwe and Mozambique the Zambezi .
But there are new projects aplenty .
Sudan 's president , Omar al - Bashir , for instance , is so proud of the new Merowe dam in the north of his country that he made it a selling - point in his recent election campaign .
Costing $ 1.8 billion , it will produce 1,250 megawatts and create a lake 174 km ( 108 miles ) long , above the Nile 's fourth cataract .
If all goes well , it may even fulfil an old dream to irrigate swathes of farmland in northern Sudan , while sending electricity to run the thirsty air - conditioners of Khartoum .
And all without dirtying the atmosphere , once the dams have been built .
China is building most of Africa 's new dams out of its own pocket , with all sorts of hoped - for spin - offs .
International Rivers , a lobby that tries to save rivers from dams it says are destructive , admits that the Chinese are much greener these days .
China Eximbank cancelled a loan for a dam in Gabon on environmental grounds .
Even so , political instability , graft and incompetence have meant that many African dams , once built , have failed to produce what was promised .
The Inga I and II dams on the Congo river have generated a fraction of the power they were meant to .
The technology is demanding .
Seasonal rains produce muddy rivers , with higher sedimentation than northern countries ' dams filled with melted snow .
That means a shorter lifespan and heavier maintenance .
Angola has spent $ 400 m overhauling its dams and transmission lines .
The standards set in 2000 by the World Commission on Dams , an independent body which brought together an array of experts from all sides of the argument and which recognises dams ' local costs as well as national benefits , are often ignored in Africa .
Projects are rushed .
Huge contracts are open to corruption .
Engineering can be shoddy , leading to cost overruns .
The hardest bit is hydrology .
Rainfall estimates are often wrong .
Some countries must rent costly diesel generators to boost hydropower in years of drought .
Climate change makes hydrology trickier still .
Reservoir water sometimes falls too low to turn the turbines .
Schemes to export power need to speed regional integration .
Ethiopia and Egypt are again rowing over how to share the Nile waters .
The latest controversy surrounds Ethiopia 's colossal Gibe III dam .
It is set to cost $ 2 billion and produce 1,800 megawatts , the same amount as South Africa 's Koeberg nuclear reactor .
Ethiopia says it wants to dam itself into becoming an industrial country that exports electricity , rebranding itself “ the water tower of Africa ” , a title that should perhaps be shared with Congo and Guinea .
Survival International , which lobbies for tribal people 's rights , says the livelihood and culture of 200,000 people in the Omo river basin could be ruined by Gibe III .
The Ethiopian government , it argues , has behaved “ criminally ” in pushing through the project .
Salini Construttori , an Italian company that is building Gibe III , brushes off such charges .
The campaigners , it says , have miscalculated the volume of water that the dam would retain .
It says the water level of Lake Turkana , across the border in Kenya , would drop by 50 cm , not the five metres or more that some claim .
A measured release of water from the dam , say the builders , should let local people grow crops all the year round for the first time .
And the Clueless Ones in Washington just can’t figure out why struggling American small business owners , uncertain about how the rules will be changed next , are reluctant to hire new employees .
“ Fresh off passage of a sweeping health care overhaul , the Obama administration is supporting legislation to provide mandatory paid sick leave for more than 30 million additional workers , ” McClatchy newspapers reported last week .
The “ Healthy Families Act ” ( does that mean if we oppose it , we ’re promoting disease , child - beating , and incest ? ) , sponsored by Sen. Christopher Dodd and Rep. Rosa DeLauro , both Democrats from Connecticut , would require companies that have 15 or more employees to provide one hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours worked or up to seven sick days a year for a full - time worker .
Why 15 ?
Why should workers suffer injustice because their firms have only , say , 13 employees ?
These benign Nutmeggers worry such an edict from Washington might cripple a business with 13 employees , but not 15 ?
For that matter , what if you ’re the person who was about to be hired as a small restaurant ’s fifteenth employee ?
Uh-oh .
Business groups such as the National Federation of Independent Business and the Employment Policies Institute oppose the measure , saying a government mandate on sick leave — especially during the recession — would hurt the very people it ’s intended to help , since employers would offset the cost of the benefit by cutting positions and workers ’ hours .
“ With the labor market still recovering , policymakers should focus on promoting job growth instead of enacting mandates that drive up operating costs and create barriers for entry - level employment , ” said Michael Saltsman of the Employment Policies Institute .
Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis disagrees .
“ Yes , economic times are hard , but right now we have never seen so much productivity on behalf of our work force , so I do n’t buy that argument , ” Ms. Solis said this week .
“ I think there ’s something unreasonable about that .
In my experience , I know that people will actually be more productive in the workplace when they know that their employer is actually sensitive to what their current needs are . ”
Really ?
“ In her experience ” ?
What , precisely , is Ms. Solis ’ “ experience ” working in or managing private - sector workplaces , where somebody has to count the receipts and struggle to cover payroll each week ?
Ms Solis ’ biography indicates she took degrees from Cal Poly Pomona and USC , and promptly went to work for two federal agencies in Washington , D.C. Returning to her home state , she was elected to the Rio Hondo Community College Board of Trustees in 1985 , the California State Assembly in 1992 , the California State Senate in 1994 , and the U.S. House of Representatives in 2000 , where she served four terms .
Somehow , in all those government jobs , I doubt she ever had to wait outside her employers ’ office door as they decided who would be laid off that week so the rest of the paychecks would n’t bounce .
Besides which , in all her studies , where did Ms. Soltis pick up her current definition of worker “ productivity ” ?
The largest factor in increasing worker productivity is the ability of free - market capitalism to accumulate and apply the advanced technologies which expand each worker ’s … well , productivity .
Picture one operator typing specifications onto a computer screen , which computer then directs a whole line of robots to start manufacturing shoes at a rate of thousands per hour … as opposed to one lonely cobbler hammering out footwear , one pair per hour .
Compared to the impact of untrammeled capitalism — which this administration is at pains to trammel at every turn — workers ’ “ feelings ” that the boss is “ sensitive to their needs ” are fairly small potatoes .
How many more shoes can our lonely cobbler produce in a day just because he feels “ cared for ” ?
Yes , it ’s nice if employers show reasonable consideration for employees who are legitimately sick , or who stay home to care for sick family members .
Smart employers generally do so , rather than risk losing good employees .
Workers can put themselves in a better position to expect such treatment if they gain the skills and experience necessary to increase their workplace value , performing a role that ’s not easily replaced .
Of course , employers may be less tolerant if they know there are dozens of workers waiting to fill each low - skilled vacancy .
The federal government could help American workers who face that situation by expelling illegal aliens , as they ’re required to do by law , and by generally allowing the economy to grow , increasing job opportunities .
The way to stimulate economic growth is to reduce taxes and job - killing regulations .
Like this one .
A bunch of folks in far - off Washington who have never run so much as a lunch counter will now wave a magic wand and dictate sick - time policy to virtually every mom-and - pop shop in America ?
Philip Derrow , president of the Ohio Transmission Corp. in Columbus , Ohio , says he did n’t like the one - size - fits - all nature of the federal proposal .
Derrow got rid of vacation and sick days for his 315 employees and instead provides two weeks of “ paid time off ” that they can use for vacations , sick leave or other personal reasons .
He said most employers would prefer the same flexibility .
“ We treat our employees as adults .
The very thought that the federal government would force me to ask my adult employees to tell me when they ’re sick is offensive at every level , ” Derrow says .
“ It ’s none of my business . ”
Aw .
But like the tiny little babies , the lord Obama and his Democratic archangels holds us all in their hands , and are determined to protect us from the greedy capitalists , even if it means they have to banish them from the kingdom , entirely .
Let us give thanks .
Karen Gillan is following in the footsteps of fellow Doctor Who companion Billie Piper and sharing her support for the push to cast a woman as the 13th Doctor .
Advertisement
Gillan , who played 11th Doctor Matt Smith ’s companion Amy Pond , thinks a female Doctor would make a wonderful addition to the series , and prove an important point , too .
“ A woman Doctor would be really cool because a lot of people are sceptical about having a woman play the role , ” Gillan explains in an interview in this week ’s Radio Times magazine , “ but I think they probably were [ sceptical ] before Kathryn Janeway came along in Star Trek : Voyager , and she was amazing . ”
She ’s not alone in her thinking either .
Piper , who played Rose Tyler , previously argued that not having a woman play the Doctor next would feel like a snub .
With the jury still out , and a new Doctor yet to be officially confirmed , could they get their wish ?
And could Fleabag ’s Phoebe Waller - Bridge be the woman to make it come true ?
Advertisement
Read the full interview with Karen Gillan in the new issue of Radio Times magazine , available in shops and on the Apple Newsstand from Tuesday 18 April 2017
This article is from the archive of our partner .
On Monday , tech blog Gizmodo's John Herrman reported a sneaky way that Twitter users could force anyone into following them .
If you wanted Oprah to follow you on Twitter , for example , you could simply type the phrase " accept oprah " as a new Tweet , and sure enough Oprah would be listed as one of your followers .
It seems that the bug , quickly remedied , was discovered by a Turkish Twitter user named Bora Kırca , who posted about it on his Turkish - language blog , a reader of which tipped off Gizmodo .
Once the news spread , scores of Twitter users pried their way into Twitter feeds belonging to Conan O'Brian , Bill Gates , Ashton Kutcher , and everyone in between .
Twitter scrambled to close the loophole , but in their rush temporarily caused everyone 's following and follower counts to drop to zero .
But how did Kırca come to find the loophole ?
Like so many things in life , it all goes back to power chords , Flying - V guitars , and leather - clad Germans with big hair .
That 's right : the Twitter celebrity - following crisis all began with 1970s German heavy metal .
It seems that when Kırca recently expressed his admiration of the German group Accept by Tweeting " Accept pwnz , " he was surprised to see a Twitter user named " pwnz " immediately begin following him .
Kırca pieced it together and the rest is history .
But there 's a silver lining here .
The 50 - odd - years - old members of Accept , after an extended hiatus from rocking , are currently on reunion tour .
The Awl 's Maura Johnston gets suspicious , writing , " I smell shenanigans . "
Was the whole thing a ploy to publicize the rock gods behind such jams as " Balls To The Wall " ?
Probably not , but we will take any excuse to embed the song 's awesomely retro video .
Enjoy !
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Statist journalist and staunch defender of Bill - and Hill - ism , Joe Conason asserted Monday that " [ Norway ’s oil company ]
Statoil operates the most environmentally friendly offshore oil rigs in the world — because it ’s state - owned . "
He advocates that Americans accept this fact , especially in light of the ongoing BP gusher 5,000 feet below the surface of the Gulf of Mexico .
If only the state owned our off - shore drilling , it would be so much more environmentally friendly .
Conason explains , with a Halliburton counterpoint :
What makes Norway so different from the United States — and much more likely to install the most protective energy technology — is that the Norwegian state can impose public values on oil producers without fighting off lobbyists and crooked politicians , because it owns and controls the resources .
Rather than Halliburton - style corporate management controlling the government and blocking environmental improvement , Norway ’s system works the other way around .
It is n’t perfect , as any Nordic environmentalist will ardently explain , but the results are considerably better than ours .
Let me break this down .
First , Norwegian Statoil is currently 67 % owned by the Norwegian government .
Eight of the remaining top 20 shareholders are U.S. banks , including multiple sectors of Bank of New York Mellon and State Street Banks , both of which incidentally partook of hefty TARP funding , meaning that Statoil is also partially owned by the US government .
Sounds like our own government contract - dependent Halliburton .
One wonders why Statoil , founded in 1972 as a 100 % government - owned oil company , was partially privatized with an initial public offering ( IPO ) in 2001 .
Presumably , the company was losing market share , facing declining performance and internal waste , and generally becoming less competitive .
That ’s why most government - run businesses attempt to partially privatize — like any vampire , it occasionally needs to refresh itself with fresh human blood .
It is therefore not surprising to find that two years before the IPO , the Norwegian government fired the entire board , and Statoil ’s chief executive resigned over a dispute about cost overruns .
In 2001 , " Norwegian police raided Statoil ’s headquarters on September 11 following media reports alleging that the company had last year signed an 11 - year contract with an Iranian consultant , Abbas Yazdi , for $ 15.2 million to smooth business development deals in Iran . "
It is certainly no crime for a company to trade with countries like Iran just because the U.S. forbids it , and it is admirable when a foreign nation asserts its sovereignty .
However , we can recall other firms that proudly had commercial dealings with Iran when it was forbidden by the Great Master of Washington .
Cost overruns ?
Under the table dealings ?
On all three , Halliburton comes to mind .
More recently , Statoil was implicated in cutting oil deals with sub-regions of Iraq , and possibly doing so with the collusion of American diplomats .
Well , like Dick Cheney always said about his own role in public / private service , Ambassador Galbraith advised Norway only when he was working in the private sector .
Curiously ( or not ) his " consultancies " appear to have undermined ( or not ) his diplomatic mission .
Granted , Galbraith was paid by a privately owned Norwegian oil company , DNO , and not Statoil .
Bringing us up to the present , Statoil teamed with Russian Lukoil to win major contracts elsewhere in Iraq last December .
Now , I ’m sure Halliburton would never do anything like that just because it made business sense .
I do n’t mean to criticize Halliburton — it was once an effective and highly respected engineering company before it hired Dick Cheney and allowed him and his federal government and Congressional cronies to warp it into just another wasteful and corrupt defense and Department of Homeland Security dependent contractor .
My point is that it ’s no better and no worse than Norway ’s Statoil .
And to the extent that both are bad , it is because of — not in spite of — its relationship to the state .
Conason shares a big conceptual problem with all statists , including Barack Obama .
He optimistically anthropomorphizes the state .
Obama abuses all the Tea Parties and the increasingly sick - to - their - stomach silent majority in this country by saying , " How can you not like / believe in / trust government ?
Why , government is us ! "
In assigning human ethics and human empathy to the inhuman bureaucratic state , we the people are faced with a choice .
We may either believe the ruling - class fantasy being foisted upon us daily , willfully ignoring ample evidence to the contrary , or we may honestly reject anthropomorphism of the state , and understand it simply as a prescient American President once did , as fire and force .
Conason suggests that Norway , but he means specifically Statoil , is more likely to install the most protective energy technology because he believes the government is like a follower of Jesus , desirous of good works and of pure heart .
" Good " works , of course , for Conason and his compadres , are not productivity and efficiency , but fat pensions , low carbon dioxide emissions , and quick " state " response to accidents and disasters .
Well , let ’s look at Statoil ’s record on leaks and spills .
They ’ve had them , including a major gas leak that shut down a refinery for several days just a few months ago .
Drilling is a dirty and dangerous business .
BP of course has been in the news , taking the heat on spills along the Alaskan Pipeline and in Prudhoe Bay , and now with Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico .
But BP ’s activities in Alaska , and those of other non-state owned oil and gas companies in similar cases have been heavily taxpayer - funded and could , in an honest world , might be considered public - private partnerships .
Maybe Norway is different , and Norwegian state - owned oil companies are a model to be emulated somewhere .
Before suggesting that a state - owned model would be good for the U.S. , Conason might be interested in reading up on state corporatism , because like a bad case of leprosy , we already have that disease .
If state - owned means an improved safety record , better business morality , and a high level of respect for the environment , we should look no further for proof than the safety , morality and environmental record of the U.S. military around the world , and within our own borders .
Whether it is open pit burning , oil fires in one of our many wars in the Middle East , oil spills as a result of our acts of war , depleted uranium in the soil and water of Iraq and Afghanistan , contaminated military bases abroad and at home , and even noise pollution — the culprit is a wholly government - owned entity , led by public servants .
Americans who adore the government and attribute to it a higher morality and a greater appreciation for environmental purity should attempt to understand how things really work .
The Chinese , those former residents of the Soviet sphere , and sufferers of socialist kleptocracies around the world all understand the reality of the state and the environment .
They may not be as erudite as Conason or as " enlightened " as Obama , but they can recognize statist compost when it is dumped in their backyards , frontyards , and pumped ruthlessly into their air and water .
Have we learned nothing from the dissolution of the Soviet Union going belly up ?
From the fall of the Berlin Wall ?
From the very different experiences of state owned North Korea vs partially free market South Korea ?
Mises and Hayek have written eloquently about the evils and inefficiencies of state ownership , that is , socialism .
Does economic law for some reason not apply to Norway ?
In times of uncertainty and trouble , it can be tempting to look at the state and see kind eyes and gentle hands , a sweet - smelling personal goddess to make everything all better .
Let ’s hope Americans do n’t have to experience Conason ’s vision of nanny state wonderfulness before we finally recognize it for what it is , and retch it up .
Or , as they might say in old Norse , to spit .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
It ’s a beautiful sunshiny day as I look out the window of a Kelowna internet cafe .
I should be off at the beach , reading my book ( Stephen Brunt ’s Searching For Bobby Orr , which is excellent by the way ) , but here I am slaving away at a computer to break down this afternoon ’s draft picks .
It may be the off - season , but hockey is always on my mind .
And besides , I ’m pretty happy to be enjoying the cafe ’s air conditioning right now .
It ’s 32 degrees out there , and it ’s killing me .
First , a few more thoughts on the Ballard trade now that I ’ve had more time to think it over .
Last night , as I poured over my list for my fantasy draft ( which is n’t til September — but without cable or the internet at my place , I get bored easy and plotting out my draft plan kills time like none other ) , I realized that I need to assess this trade more as a fantasy owner and less as a fan .
What do I mean ?
I have an emotional investment in these players and this team that does n’t exist when I make fantasy assessments .
I am not just a fan of the Canucks , but of Michael Grabner personally , having rooted for him since 2006 when I was at GM Place to see him get drafted .
As training camps came and went and countless fans gave up on him as he failed to make the team , I stood firm in my belief that his speed and shot would make him an NHL player .
Four years later , it ’s nice to be right .
But I need to put all that aside .
In making fantasy decisions , all I care about is winning and the money that comes with it .
I recently made a tough decision with my keeper team , electing to cut loose James Neal , a young and promising power - forward for the Dallas Stars , in favour of more help on D in the form of Montreal ’s P.K. Subban .
This was very difficult for me , as I think the world of Neal and believe he ’ll be a big star ( pun…intended ? ) in a few seasons .
But objectively speaking , my team is stacked at forward , and Neal ’s contributions to my success this year will be easy to replace next season .
Applying that same logic to the Ballard trade , it ’s a lot easier to get over losing Grabner .
Just like my fantasy team , the Canucks are stacked at forward and thin on D. Realistically , there was no room in Vancouver for Grabner to grow into the player I know he can become .
And in the now , we are talking about a player who has only ever scored 5 NHL goals in his career .
Any fourth - line player worth a damn should be able to replicate that production over the course of next season .
Victor Oreskovich could even do it !
And adding Ballard gives the Canucks a player they have needed desperately for at least two years now .
Some fans have expressed displeasure with Ballard ’s $ 4.2 M salary , but I think we need to remember that as the salary cap continues to rise , salaries only inflate with it .
The $ 6.1 M that Henrik Sedin earned this past season might look like more than Markus Naslund ’s $ 6 M salary on paper ( because … it is ) , but Henrik was playing under a $ 57 M cap , of which he occupied just shy of 11 % of Vancouver ’s allotted cap space last year .
Naslund ’s $ 6 M , under a $ 39 M cap ?
More than 15 % .
The point is that while $ 4.2 M may seem like a lot ( and it is the second highest salary Vancouver has ever paid a defenseman ) , it does n’t buy the kind of talent that it used to .
And it actually takes up less of the cap than Kevin Bieksa ’s current deal did when he signed it .
So what ’s not to like ?
Even the loss of a first round pick is offset somewhat when a player like Patrick McNally falls all the way to the 115th spot in the fourth round .
McNally , the Canucks first selection in the 2010 draft , was a projected second - rounder , and the exact type of defenseman I was hoping for with that first round pick : a big , mobile puck - mover .
Standing at 6 ’2 , there ’s plenty of room for McNally to add more muscle to his 180 lbs frame .
And he ’ll have plenty of time to do that , as he ’s committed to another year of prep school at New England ’s Milton Academy before joining Harvard ’s NCAA squad for the 2011 season .
Should he stay at Harvard for the duration of his schooling , he ’s a good five years away from even attending Canuck training camp .
But his offensive skills are quite strong ( he led his team in scoring with 14 goals and 35 points in 28 games — not too shabby for a defenseman ) , and his pro potential is promising .
His father is also an FBI agent .
That ’s not at all relevant , I just thought it was interesting .
With recent college free agent signing Chris Tanev set to turn pro for the Canucks next season — himself a highly touted NCAA defender from the Rochester Institute of Technology — the loss of this year ’s 25th overall pick becomes much easier to swallow .
It also means there ’s no immediate rush for McNally to go pro .
Tanev is but one of Vancouver ’s rookie - pro defensemen slated to join Manitoba next season , alongside 2008 second - rounder Yann Sauve , as well as 2009 third - round pick ( and former Vancouver Giant ) Kevin Connauton .
That ’s a good group of two - way defensemen , and while they wo n’t all blossom into quality NHLers , the Canucks should be happy with getting even one or two NHL contributors out of the lot of them .
And that ’s making no mention of last year ’s surprising Swede , Peter Andersson .
All of a sudden , there is a glut of young defensemen in the pipeline where there were once none .
It ’s still early , and none of those D are surefire bets , but it looks like Gillis has done a bang - up job of restocking the cupboard over the last few years .
Vancouver also added another big , puck - moving D in the fifth in Adam Polasek .
And unlike McNally , Polasek actually plays with an edge .
I ca n’t claim to know much about his game , but his stat - line is intriguing — as is his recent nomination as QMJHL Rookie of the Year .
It ’ll be interesting to see how the 6 ’ 2 Czech defenseman develops over the next few seasons .
At any rate , he should be better than Libor .
After Polasek came Niagra IceDogs center Alex Friesen , shortly followed by Finnish goalie Jonathan Iilahti , both in the sixth round .
Rounding out the group in the seventh was physically imposing defender Sawyer Hannay .
As the fifth to last pick in the draft , it ’s unlikely Hannay ever amounts to anything , but this quote from his Red Line Report profile is nice :
Where did this guy come from ? …
Guys in the Q have already seen enough to know they do n’t want any part of him .
Friesen is a strong skater and relentless forechecker who received top marks from OHL coaches — he was voted both the hardest worker in his conference and the league ’s top faceoff man .
He projects to be the player Ryan Kesler was before Kesler ’s offensive game exploded two years ago .
And he ’s got quite the offensive game himself , scoring at a point per game pace in the OHL this season .
He ’s also a fairly smart fellow — he was named the OHL ’s scholastic player of the year in 2008 , and according to Gillis had the third highest score on the Canucks ’ aptitude test , for whatever that ’s worth .
Even better than his smarts is his hitting ability .
Hey Taylor Hall , guess who just followed you to the Northwest Division ?
Iilahti is what he is : a Finnish goalie .
So hot right now .
Overall , not a bad crop considering Vancouver did n’t have a pick until 115th .
Gillis has shown a penchant for taking players in their second year of draft eligibility , as they ’re more developed and will be ready to contribute sooner .
Both Polasek and Friesen fit that profile this year .
But of course , all of these names are relevant today , only to fade into obscurity tomorrow .
Ballard is the big move this weekend , and the name that will still be on the tongue come September .
As I come to terms with the fact that Grabner is gone , I warm up to the trade more and more by the minute .
News >
Idaho Idaho scientists find giant Palouse earthworm Tue. , April 27 , 2010
Nicholas K. Geranios Associated Press
Two living specimens of the fabled giant Palouse earthworm have been captured for the first time in two decades , University of Idaho scientists revealed today .
Researchers on March 27 located an adult and a juvenile specimen of the worms , which have become near mythic creatures in the Palouse region of Washington and Idaho .
The adult specimen was positively identified by University of Kansas earthworm expert Sam James a few weeks later .
“ We are beginning to gain some understanding about where we are likely to find the giant Palouse earthworm , ” said University of Idaho soil scientist Jodi Johnson - Maynard in Moscow , Idaho , who has been leading the search .
A university statement said the two worms appeared to dispel two reports from the turn of the previous century that had added to the myth of the earthworm :
The creatures did not spit and they did not smell like lilies .
The adult worm measured about 10 or 12 inches fully extended , while the juvenile was 6 or 7 inches .
The worms were translucent , allowing internal organs to appear .
Both worms had pink heads and bulbous tails , rounded unlike the flattened tails of nightcrawlers .
The adult had a yellowish band behind the head .
The university said the juvenile worm is being kept in the Moscow laboratory to provide DNA to help develop future identification techniques .
The specimens were found by Shan Xu , an Idaho student , and Karl Umiker , a research support scientist .
They also found three earthworm cocoons , two of which have hatched and appear to also be giant Palouse earthworms .
The discoveries followed the development of a new high - tech worm shocking probe that uses electricity to push worms toward the surface .
The probe was deployed starting last summer .
Umiker discovered the worms while using the probe .
After shooting more electricity through the soil , the juvenile crawled to the surface .
The adult remained just beneath the surface , and Umiker used a trowel to dig it out .
The Palouse earthworm was first reported to the scientific world in 1897 .
Few specimens were identified again until the late 1980s , when James Johnson , a University of Idaho entomologist , found two in a second - growth forest near Moscow .
The worms were considered extinct until 2005 , when Idaho graduate student Yaniria Sanchez - de Leon found a specimen at Washington State University ’s Smoot Hill reserve near Albion , Wash .
She found that worm after it had been cut nearly in half as she was digging a hole to sample earthworms and soil .
The worm was described as common in the Palouse in the 1890s , according to an 1897 article in The American Naturalist by Frank Smith .
Smith ’s work was based on four samples sent to him by R.W. Doane of Washington State University in nearby Pullman .
Massive agricultural development soon consumed nearly all of the unique Palouse Prairie — a seemingly endless ocean of steep , silty dunes — and appeared to deal a fatal blow to the worm .
Conservation groups have petitioned the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to protect the worm as an endangered species , citing as proof the lack of sightings .
But the agency said there simply was not enough scientific information to merit a listing .
Conservationists recently filed a second request , saying they had more information .
The giant Palouse earthworm would be the only worm protected as an endangered species .
Most earthworms found in the Northwest originated in Europe , arriving on plants or in soil shipped to the New World .
The giant Palouse earthworm is one of the few native species .
The Spokesman - Review Newspaper Local journalism is essential .
Give directly to The Spokesman - Review 's Northwest Passages community forums series -- which helps to offset the costs of several reporter and editor positions at the newspaper -- by using the easy options below .
Gifts processed in this system are not tax deductible , but are predominately used to help meet the local financial requirements needed to receive national matching - grant funds .
Subscribe to the Coronavirus newsletter
Get the day ’s latest Coronavirus news delivered to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter .
Sign up
This article targets Rails 3
The article was written as of Rails 3.0 .
The information contained in this page might not apply to different versions .
One of the biggest changes on the frontend side of the upcoming Rails 3 version is the replacement of the Prototype JavaScript helpers in favor of Unobtrusive JavaScript ( UJS ) .
The implementation of Unobtrusive JavaScript , and the consequent removal of the old inline AJAX commands , offers at least three advantages :
Less verbose , inline , behavior code in the HTML document , with the result of much more lightweight , cleaner and readable source code
, with the result of much more lightweight , cleaner and readable source code Rails 3 is no longer Prototype - oriented .
With Rails 3 you can easily switch from a JavaScript framework to an other .
. With Rails 3 you can easily switch from a JavaScript framework to an other .
Rails 3 code is now JavaScript framework agnostic .
It no longer contains framework - specific commands or scripts .
Let 's jump right into an example .
Do you remember the link to destroy an object , generated by the link_to helper ?
< %= link_to " delete " , domain_path ( @domain ) , : method => : delete , : confirm =>
" Are you sure ? " %>
outputs
< a href= " / domains / 1 " class= " destroy " onclick= " if ( confirm ( ' Are you sure ? ' ) ) { var f = document.createElement (' form ' ) ; f.style.display = ' none ' ; this.parentNode.appendChild(f ) ; f.method = ' POST ' ; f.action = this .href ;var m = document.createElement (' input ' ) ; m.setAttribute( ' type ' , ' hidden ' ) ; m.setAttribute(' name ' , ' _method ' ) ; m.setAttribute(' value ' , ' delete ' ) ; f.appendChild(m ) ; var s = document.createElement ( ' input ' ) ; s.setAttribute( ' type ' , ' hidden ' ) ; s.setAttribute(' name ' , ' authenticity_token ' ) ; s.setAttribute(' value ' , ' p Kvg9hsnQ33uk= ' ) ; f.appendChild(s ) ;f.submit( ) ; };return false ; " > delete </a>
The same Ruby helper call , in Rails 3 , generates
< a href= " / domains / 1 " data - confirm =
" Are you sure ? " data - method= " delete " rel= " nofollow " > delete </a>
This is made possible by the use of Unobtrusive JavaScript .
The entire logic to handle the emulation of the HTTP DELETE method has been extracted into a separate JavaScript file and is executed when the page is loaded .
The scripts containing the behavior are then attached to their corresponding JavaScript events .
We 'll take a closer look at that file in a few minutes .
This feature required a major rewrite of the ActionView helpers which resulted in the following changes :
New helpers and files are available to add unobtrusive JavaScript support to your Rails application The ActionView : : Helpers : : PrototypeHelper has been heavily modified .
Many legacy helpers are now available as a separate plugin
All the remote_ < method < helpers has been removed .
To make them working with AJAX , simply pass the : remote => true option to the original non-remote method All the AJAX - specific options representing callbacks are gone .
For instance , there 's no : loaded , : loading or : complete option for remote link_to helper anymore .
So what ?
At this point , you might be wondering what this means in practice and what you need to change in order to make your Rails 2 application working with Rails 3 .
So let 's go back to the list of changes and discuss each point in the list .
I 'm assuming you will use the jQuery framework , but the same principles can apply to all the other supported JavaScript frameworks .
1 . New helpers and files
The heart of the Unobtrusive JavaScript feature in Rails 3 is the new rails .js file .
When you generate a new Rails 3 application , a file called rails.js is created in the public / javascripts folder along with all the other .js files you are used to see in a Rails 2 project .
rails.js contains all the unobtrusive handlers .
By default , Rails assumes you are using Prototype , but there 's also an official fork for jQuery .
You need to include this file in your application to have all the unobtrusive features working correctly .
Because rails.js is part of the : defaults bundle , if you are using the following statement you do n't need to change anything .
< %= javascript_include_tag : defaults %>
Otherwise , you can include the files separately .
This is the case , when you want a more fine - grained control over the scripts included in your application or you want to use other alternatives , such as a CDN .
< %= javascript_include_tag " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.2/jquery.min.js " , " jquery.rails.js " , " application.js " %>
Now we know about the files , but what about the helpers ?
If you ever worked with remote helpers in Rails 2 , you are probably aware of the Rails authentication token .
In Rails 3 , the authentication token still exists , but it needs an unobtrusive touch .
Here comes the new csrf_meta_tag helper .
It returns two HTML meta tags which include all the information necessary to support the XSS protection in Rails 3 .
< meta name= " csrf-param " content= " authenticity_token " /> < meta name= " csrf- token " content= " 9SdBB/Uftw7IDQH4aKblEUcLXwvgw9vkju9N1ObyCCM= " />
Because the output is meta tags , this helper is expected to be called in the head section of your HTML page .
In all likelihood , this will happen in your Rails layout files .
Here 's the simplest Rails 3 layout
<! DOCTYPE html > < html > < head > < title > Foo </ title > <%= stylesheet_link_tag :all %> <%= javascript_include_tag : defaults %> <%= csrf_meta_tag %> </ head > < body > <%= yield %> </ body > </html >
As you can guess from the DOCTYPE declaration , the new default Rails layout is a HTML 5 document .
Get yourself accustomed to it , unobtrusive JavaScript and HTML 5 are very good friends .
2. ActionView : : Helpers :: PrototypeHelper
ActionView :: Helpers :: PrototypeHelper has been heavily modified .
The following helpers have been removed and made available as a plugin .
button_to_remote
submit_to_remote
observe_field
observe_form
periodically_call_remote
link_to_remote (*)
form_remote_tag (*)
form_remote_for (*)
remote_form_for (*)
partially supported using the `:remote => true` option .
See section 3 .
If you are using one of these tags , you might need to rewrite the logic using Unobtrusive JavaScript .
Here 's an example for the observe_field helper , using jQuery .
When the content of the field is changed , the browser triggers a call to the : live_search action and replaces the content of the #results element .
<%= text_field_tag : search %> <%= observe_field : search , :url => live_search_path , :update => : results %>
In Rails 3 becomes
// Append the function to the " document ready " chain jQuery ( function ( $ ) { // when the #search field changes $ ( " #search " ) . change ( function () { // make a POST call and replace the content $ . post ( <%= live_search_path %> , function ( data ) { $ ( " #results " ) . html ( data ) ; } ) ; } ) ; } )
The example above uses at least 3 different jQuery methods : $ ( document ) .ready ( ) , .change ( ) , and jQuery .
post .
One additional note about the example .
Placing a javascript_tag in the middle of a page is probably not so unobtrusive .
I suggest you to take advantage of the content_for helper to dynamically inject the content in the head section of your page , or place all the login in a separate JavaScript file , such as application .js .
As you probably noticed , Rails 3 forces developers to have a deeper understanding of JavaScript .
You gain flexibility for the price of additional development effort .
From one side , this requirement makes Rails development less automatic , unlike it has been until today .
From an other point of view , this requirement makes developers more aware of what they are doing .
If you are using Prototype , you might be tempted to install the legacy plugin .
Do n't do it .
Even if it makes Rails 3 upgrade easier , you would probably continue to use legacy helpers and your application will become harder to upgrade day after day .
Taking the faster and easier way is not a good idea in the long terms .
Schedule a reasonable amount of time and plan the full upgrade instead .
I believe this change would encounter many disappointed developers as soon as Rails 3 will be largely available , but I 'm sure it will eventually become one of the most appreciate design decision in the long term .
I strongly agree with the Rails 3 development team for this choice .
It also comes at the right time .
If Rails 1 or Rails 2 would n't have included such easy way to write JavaScript from the beginning , many existing Rails developers would probably never been captured by the framework in the past .
3. remote_ < method > helpers
As mentioned in the previous section , all remote_something and something_to_remote methods have been removed from Rails 3 .
Nonetheless , remote helpers are still available thanks to the : remote => true option .
Here 's a few examples .
# Rails 2 link_to_remote " Name " , url_path # Rals 3 link_to " Name " , url_path , : remote => true # Rails 2 form_tag " / path " do end # Rails 3 form_tag " / path " , : remote => true do end # Rails 2 remote_form_for @article do end # Rails 3 form_for @article , : remote => true do end
Rails 3 helpers never write inline JavaScript .
Instead , they use HTML 5 data attributes to store remote metadata information within the HTML element .
The rails.js file contains all the behavior required to handle these attributes .
Let 's use the link_to helper as example .
< %= link_to " destroy " , article_path ( @article ) , : method => : delete , : remote => true %>
The output is
< a href= " / articles / 1 " data - method= " delete " data - remote= " true " rel= " nofollow " > destroy </a>
Notice the data - method and data - remote attributes .
The first indicates you want to perform a DELETE HTTP request .
The second identifies a remote request and is added whenever you use the : remote option .
< %= link_to " destroy " , article_path ( @article ) %> < a href= " / articles / 1 " rel= " nofollow " > destroy </a> < %= link_to " destroy " , article_path ( @article ) , : method => : delete %> < a href= " / articles / 1 " data - remote= " true " rel= " nofollow " > destroy </a> < %= link_to " destroy " , article_path ( @article ) , : remote => true %> < a href= " / articles / 1 " data - remote= " true " rel= " nofollow " > destroy </a>
If you open the rails .js file , you will notice several remote handler definitions .
The first one handles the case of remote form submission , the second one handles remote links and input fields , the third handles not - remote links that should behave likes form .
/** * remote handlers */ $ ( ' form [ data - remote ] ' ) . live ( ' submit ' , function ( e ) { $ ( this ) . callRemote ( ) ; e . preventDefault ( ) ; } ) ; $ ( ' a [ data - remote ] , input[ data - remote ] ' ) . live ( ' click ' , function ( e ) { $ ( this ) . callRemote ( ) ; e . preventDefault ( ) ; } ) ; $ ( ' a [ data - method ] : not ( [ data - remote ] ) ' ) . live ( ' click ' , function ( e ) { // ... } ) ;
I strongly encourage you to carefully examine the content of the ** **rails.js * * file before actually starting with the upgrade .
As I said before , this is the center of the Rails 3 unobtrusive feature and you **MUST have a good understanding of it .
Ryan Bates also created a very good screencast about upgrading remote helpers to Rails 3 .
Reserved data attributes
From the rails.js file we can also extract the list of data - attributes which have a special meaning in Rails 3 and should therefore be considered reserved keys .
data - method
data - confirm
data- remote
data - disable - with
As a bonus feature , you do n't a Rails helper to take advantage of them .
For instance , the following example will cause a confirmation dialog to appear when the button is clicked .
< button data - confirm = " Do you really want to continue ? " >
Click me </button >
4. Remote JavaScript callbacks
One topic I have never found covered so far in all the existing Unobtrusive JavaScript Rails 3 posts is remote JavaScript callbacks .
This is odd because they are largely used .
More precisely , I 'm talking about the :loading , : loaded , : success , etc callbacks .
Quoting the link_to_remote Rails 2 documentation
The callbacks that may be specified are ( in order ) : : loading : Called when the remote document is being loaded with data by the browser .
: loaded : Called when the browser has finished loading the remote document .
: interactive : Called when the user can interact with the remote document , even though it has not finished loading .
: success : Called when the XMLHttpRequest is completed , and the HTTP status code is in the 2XX range .
: failure : Called when the XMLHttpRequest is completed , and the HTTP status code is not in the 2XX range .
: complete : Called when the XMLHttpRequest is complete ( fires after success / failure if they are present ) .
You can further refine : success and : failure by adding additional callbacks for specific status codes .
Example : # Generates : < a href= " # " onclick = " new Ajax .
Request ( '/ testing / action ' , {asynchronous : true , evalScripts : true , # on404 : function ( request ) {alert ( ' Not found ...?
Wrong URL ...?') } , # on Failure : function ( request ) {alert ( ' HTTP Error ' + request.status + '!' ) }} ) ; return false ; " > hello < /a> link_to_remote word , :url => { :action => " action " } , 404 => " alert ( ' Not found ...?
Wrong URL ...?' ) " , : failure => " alert ( ' HTTP Error ' + request.status + '! ' ) "
A status code callback overrides the success / failure handlers if present .
These callbacks have not disappeared in Rails 3 .
It turns out they are now available as framework - native JavaScript events .
To better understand this point , we need to open the rails .js file again .
Remember , for the purpose of this article I 'm still referring to the official jQuery version .
Locate the callRemote function and search for the following lines :
beforeSend : function ( xhr ) { el . trigger ( ' ajax : loading ' , xhr ) ; } , success : function ( data , status , xhr ) { el . trigger ( ' ajax : success ' , [ data , status , xhr ] ) ; } , complete : function ( xhr ) { el . trigger ( ' ajax : complete ' , xhr ) ; } , error : function ( xhr , status , error ) { el . trigger ( ' ajax : failure ' , [ xhr , status , error ] ) ; }
Here they are , our lovely callbacks .
They are now implemented as jQuery events :
ajax : loading - triggered before executing the AJAX request ajax : success - triggered after a successful AJAX request ajax : complete - triggered after the AJAX request is complete , regardless the status of the response ajax : failure - triggered after a failed AJAX request , as opposite to ajax : success
If you are barely familiar with the jQuery.ajax ( ) method , you already noticed that these custom Rails callbacks are very close to the original jQuery AJAX callback functions .
At this point , you are probably expecting a real example .
I do n't want to disappoint you , so here it is , directly from this site .
We have the following Rails 2 form , which needs to show / hide a loading spinner to indicate the execution of the AJAX request .
< % form_remote_tag :url => { :action => ' run ' } , :id => " tool - form " , :update => { : success => " response " , : failure => " error " } , : loading => " $ ( ' # loading ' ) .toggle ( ) " , : complete => " $ ( ' # loading ' ) .toggle ( ) " %>
Of course , there are several different ways to accomplish this task and if I would go back , I would probably use a different jQuery - oriented alternative , but in the past it was dead simple to add such callbacks using Rails so let 's just upgrade the existing implementation to work with Rails 3 .
First , remove all Rails 2 stuff and add the Rails 3 : remote option .
<% form_tag url_for ( :action => " run " ) , : id => " tool - form " , : remote => true do %>
Then , bind the function to toggle the spinner visibility to the appropriate AJAX events .
Also , on success replace the content of #response with the response data .
j Query ( function ( $ ) { // create a convenient toggleLoading function var toggleLoading = function () { $ ( " #loading " ) . toggle ( ) } ; $ ( " #tool - form " ) . bind ( " ajax : loading " , toggleLoading ) . bind ( " ajax : complete " , toggleLoading ) . bind ( " ajax : success " , function ( event , data , status , xhr ) { $ ( " #response " ) . html ( data ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
Remember
The upgrade to Rails 3 can be a bit more complicated if you heavily relied on Rails JavaScript generators in the past , but the benefits of switching to the Unobtrusive JavaScript patterns is definitely worth the effort .
Rails 3 forces developers to have a deeper JavaScript knowledge than in the past .
Do n't underestimate the importance of this task , it 's an excellent chance to learn something more about the most important programming language today .
I hope this article will help you migrating upgrading your application to Rails 3 .
Florida International 's Garrett Wittels laced an RBI double in the third inning Saturday against Florida Atlantic to extend his hitting streak to 48 games , putting him alone in second place all - time .
Wittels ' hit helped FIU take a 2 - 0 lead in the bottom of the third in its regular - season finale at FAU in Boca Raton , Fla .
Wittels , who entered the weekend hitting .408 , has hit safely in every game he 's played this season .
Oklahoma State 's Robin Ventura holds the NCAA - record hitting streak at 58 games , a mark he set in 1987 .
Wittels overtook Wichita State 's Phil Stephenson , who hit in 47 straight in 1981 .
Escher ’s early works
Recursion
Fractals
M.C. Escher occupies a unique spot among the most popular artists of the past century .
While his contemporaries focused on breaking from traditional art and its emphasis on realism and beauty , Escher found his muse in symmetry and infinity .
His attachment to geometric forms made him one of modernism ’s most recognizable artists and his work remains as relevant as ever .
Escher ’s early works are an odd mix of cubism and traditional woodcut .
From these beginnings , one could already note Escher ’s fondness for repetition and clean shapes .
While simple and exploratory , these works were the signs of a nascent art career .
Beginning in the mid-1930s , Escher ’s work turned very pointedly to the style we associate with him today .
Some of his most iconic works were completed in this period and his fascination with spherical distortion , recursion , and optical illusions took full force .
Recursion figured very prominently in this and later periods , so it ’s worth understanding what it is and how Escher was led to it .
Few people have heard of Roger Penrose , H.S.M. Coxeter , or George Polya , but these mathematicians greatly influenced Escher ’s approach to art .
Penrose and Coxeter especially had a lasting impact on Escher and his mathematical research .
Penrose was interested in repetition and had , later in life , discovered a specific set of tiles called Penrose tilings which are recognizable in floor designs in various buildings .
Coxeter was an expert geometer who introduced Escher to many higher - level geometrical concepts .
Escher himself was interested in topology , the study of surfaces , and tessellations , non-overlapping patterns .
It ’s unclear if Escher was aware of the study of recursion in mathematics , but his work shows some of the most interesting examples of it in the arts .
Recursion is a fairly simple concept .
Something that recurs references itself .
The reflection in a mirror of a mirror is recursive : the reflected mirror is reflecting its own image and doing so indefinitely .
You ’ve also likely seen the Droste effect when using camcorders hooked up to a TV or a computer : when the camcorder is looking at the screen , you can see an infinite series of screens generate themselves , since the camcorder is recording the same image that it ’s sending to the screen .
The game Portal is a great example of recursion , when two portals could be opened side by side in a narrow space and looking in either one produced an infinite series of the same image .
Escher combined recursion and pattern repetition in a unique way .
Some of the works featuring this combination exhibits some complex mathematical and physical ideas , but to the casual viewer the works are sublime .
The swans image above features this sort of combination .
Note that the swans are tiled very precisely , with the same distance from adjacent swans and swans in the next row .
Note also that they are in a closed loop , one construct made possible with recursion .
The above image is an example of the Mandelbrot set .
The Mandelbrot set , along with other sets , is an example of a fractal .
Fractals are fundamentally based on the idea of infinite recursion .
If you zoom in to a particular spot in the fractal , you ’ll perhaps see a different arrangement of patterns , but you would still be able to zoom in to any one of them forever .
Though fractals became popularly understood ( at least in the mathematical world ) after Escher had completed the bulk of his work , some of Escher ’s images exhibit the same traits seen in fractal sets .
The above Escher work , Circle Limit III , was published in 1959 , a full 20 years before Benoit Mandelbrot , the creator of the Mandelbrot set , began to study fractals .
One can see that the image has an origin of sorts in the very middle , where each fish is perfectly aligned with each other .
Once we look further out , we see the pattern becoming more complex and more fish fitting in the same area until the very border of the circle has indistinguishable ( but really infinite ) repetitions of the same design .
If we were to zoom in on one of these tiny designs , we ’d see that they go on forever .
This is the very essence of recursion and an apt example of a fractal .
Optical Illusions
Fin
Author : Ivan M
Ivan M is a graphics pro .
Find out more at his site : imsky.co
Howdie stranger !
If you want to participate in our photoshop and photography contests , just :
LOGIN HERE or REGISTER FOR FREE
Escher ’s study of mathematics , geometry , and topology led him to a fascination with concepts like non-orientable surfaces , an example of which is the Mobius strip .
Seemingly paradoxical constructs such as this are common in mathematics , where they defy a naive interpretation and need a bit of mental gymnastics .
Escher ’s later work focused on these optical illusions , exploiting the fallibility of human vision and the way we perceive perspectives .
Ascending and Descending , shown above , shows a particularly interesting perspective trick .
To the casual observer , the people on the top ramp are ascending and descending the steps at the same time .
Of course we can follow the steps ourselves and see that they ascend three - quarters of the way and descend and ascend at the same time on the right edge .
These particular steps are curiously shallow , which allows the effect to work .
It ’s a simple , albeit effective optical illusion .
Print Gallery , above , exploits human vision once more .
If we follow with our eyes the print the boy is looking at , we see that at a certain point , the buildings from the background come to the foreground and connect to the window panes that we were looking through before .
The picture has a very prominent blank patch on it , however , where we surmise Escher had difficulties completing the pattern in the image .
A mathematician named Henrik Lenstra has completed the image where the patch is and explained the mathematics behind Print Gallery as well .
Probably the most famous of Escher ’s work , Relativity is the best example of Escher ’s excursions into optical illusions , patterns , and recursion .
The underlying pattern is best understood once we follow the figure on the very bottom to the middle of the image , Escher ’s favorite place .
We see three different planes and a number of people bound to the gravity of these planes .
We suspect that at some point two people on different planes will cross each other , but this never happens in the image .
Each plane is expertly extended beyond our field of vision .
The animated version of this work shows how Relativity ’s world works .
Escher ’s work has significance far past its aesthetic value .
As an untrained mathematician , he explored some of the most sophisticated constructs in topology and geometry before they were properly understood .
His work is unconventional , mind - boggling , and inspiring .
The state Senate approved another budget extender bill which will keep Albany up and running for the next week , but which also included a $ 1.60 hike of the states tax on cigarettes , bringing the total state tax per pack up to $ 4.35 .
The bill passed the Senate in a 32 - 29 party - line vote and passed the Assembly 77 - 64 .
Republicans , who previously vowed not to pass any bill which included tax raises , were upset .
Deputy Minority Leader Thomas Libous ( R - Binghamton ) told the Daily News , " This is just a prelude of what you are going to see in the big ugly .
You are going to see spending and taxes , everything that you should n't do in this economy . "
The price of an average pack in the city will reach nearly $ 11 when the taxes are put into effect on July 1st , and the cost of smokeless tobacco will jump from $.96 an ounce to nearly $ 2 an ounce .
Starting in September , the state will also begin collecting taxes on cigarettes sold on Indian reservations to off - reservation visitors .
One Indian chief told the Times that trying to collect taxes from the reservation would be considered an act of war .
The taxes could raise anywhere from $ 290 million to $ 440 million for the state , helping to close the gaping $ 9.2 billion budget .
Lawmakers have agreed on 70 % of the budget so far , but Albany could shut down as early as next week if yet another budget extender bill is n't passed .
Assembly speaker Sheldon Silver said he has confidence in the progress Albany is making with budget negotiations : " I think they ’re going well — maybe a little slower than I anticipated last week , but I think they ’re going well . "
Wow , we 'd really hate to see what negotiations look like when they 're going poorly !
( Originally posted on the ACLU of Washington 's blog . )
With 5 percent of the world 's population , the United States today boasts 25 percent of its prison population .
Despite declining crime rates in the last three decades ( even in the midst of our current recession ) , rates of incarceration in the U.S. have been stunning .
The Economist recently called this trend " a disgrace . "
Even more staggering has been the racial dispararity in the people our nation incarcerates .
In her new book , The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness , Ohio State University legal scholar Michelle Alexander cogently considers the tidal wave of incarceration that has swept America in the past 30 years .
She says mass incarceration has created a " new racial undercaste " which , although race - neutral on its face , has sharply greater impacts on people of color .
" A human rights nightmare is occurring on our watch , " Alexander asserts ; if we avert our gaze , " history will judge us harshly . "
Consider , for example , these facts :
The U.S. presently incarcerates a greater percentage of its black population than South Africa did during the height of its apartheid regime .
More black citizens are disenfranchised today than on the eve of the passage of the Fifteenth Amendment , which gave African Americans the right to vote in 1870 .
The racial disparities in the criminal justice system have been most dramatic in the execution of the " war on drugs . "
Multiple studies have consistently shown similar rates of drug use across racial and ethnic lines ; people of color , however , are arrested , prosecuted , and incarcerated at steeply greater rates .
These inequities are most visibly manifested in the perverse 100 to 1 disparity in sentencing for offenses related to crack and powder cocaine .
Whatever one thinks of Professor Alexander ’s thesis , however , it is impossible to deny the costs of America ’s incarceration boom , both in dollars and human lives .
Incarceration is phenomenally expensive , and our spending on prisons is rapidly outpacing critical social needs such as education .
In Washington alone we spend nearly a billion dollars annually on corrections .
Overincarceration also has devastating effects on families .
As one recent comprehensive report on prison conditions noted : “ What happens inside jails and prisons does not stay inside jails and prisons .
It comes home with prisoners after they are released and with corrections officers at the end of each day ’s shift .
When people live and work in facilities that are unsafe , unhealthy , unproductive , or inhumane , they carry the effects home with them . ”
All of us want to be safe .
Despite consistently decreasing rates of crime , however , our nation continues to shovel huge amounts of resources into an inequitable , ineffective system of mass incarceration .
Fortunately , many people , including some in the U.S. Congress , are beginning to examine ways to make our criminal justice system better .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
EDITORS ’ NOTE : An updated version of this story is posted here .
Comments on this version of the story have been turned off .
Julian Assange ’s response to the original article is here .
Read follow - up posts on WikiLeaks ’ media blitz , the MoJo - WikiLeaks feud , WikiLeaks ’ relaunch , and WikiLeaks ’ sketchy origins .
The clock struck 3 a.m. Julian Assange slept soundly inside a guarded private compound in Nairobi , Kenya .
Suddenly , six men with guns emerged from the darkness .
A day earlier , they had disabled the alarm system on the electric fence and buried weapons by the pool .
Catching a guard by surprise , they commanded him to hit the ground .
He obliged , momentarily , then jumped up and began shouting .
As the rest of the compound ’s security team rushed outside , the intruders fled into the night .
Assange , a thirty - something Australian with a shock of snow - white hair , is sure the armed men were after him .
“ There was not anyone else worth visiting in the compound , ” he says , speaking on the phone from an undisclosed location in Africa .
The self - centeredness and shadowy details of Assange ’s tale — and his insistence that he must be taken at his word — are typical .
They ’re part of his persona as the elusive yet single - minded public face of WikiLeaks , the website that dubs itself the “ uncensorable Wikipedia for untraceable mass document leaking and analysis . ”
Designed as a digital drop box , the site is a place where anyone can anonymously post sensitive or secret information to be disseminated and downloaded around the globe .
Earlier this week , it posted its most explosive leak yet , a video shot by an American attack helicopter in July 2007 as it opened fire upon a group of a men on a Baghdad street , killing 12 , including two unarmed Reuters employees .
( Two children were also seriously wounded in a subsequent attack . )
WikiLeaks said it had obtained the classified footage from whistleblowers inside the US military .
Since its launch in December , 2006 , WikiLeaks has posted more than 1.2 million documents totaling more than 10 million pages .
It has published the operating manuals from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp , NATO ’s secret plan for the Afghan war , and inventories of US military materiel in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In September 2007 , a few weeks before Assange ’s alleged close call in Nairobi , it posted a document exposing corruption in the highest levels of the Kenyan government .
Assange claims that the site receives as many as 10,000 new documents daily .
WikiLeaks ’ commitment to what might be called extreme transparency also means that it wo n’t turn away documents that have questionable news value or are just plain dishy .
It ’s posted Sarah Palin ’s hacked emails and Wesley Snipes ’ tax returns , as well as fraternity initiation manuals and a trove of secret Scientology manuals .
According to WikiLeaks ’ credo , to refuse a leak is tantamount to helping the bad guys .
“ We never censor , ” Assange declares .
Powerful forces have come after the site , but without much luck .
In 2008 , after WikiLeaks posted documents alleging money laundering at the Swiss bank Julius Baer , the firm unsuccessfully tried to shut down its California servers .
When the site posted a secret list of websites blacklisted by the Australian government , including several child pornography sites , the 22 - year - old who owned WikiLeaks ’ German domain had his laptop seized by police searching for kiddie porn .
Even the hyper-litigious Church of Scientology has failed to get its materials removed from the site .
Such unsurprising reactions to WikiLeaks ’ brazenness only seem to further energize Assange ’s conviction that it ’s always wrong to try to stop a leak .
WikiLeaks is n’t shy about antagonizing its enemies .
Its reply to the German raid sounded like the opening shot of an Internet flame war : “ Go after our source and we will go after you . ”
In response to the Church of Scientology ’s “ attempted suppression , ” it has posted even more church documents .
WikiLeaks can get away with this because its primary server is in Sweden ( Assange says it ’s the same one used by the giant download site The Pirate Bay ) , where divulging an anonymous source , whether one ’s own or someone else ’s , is illegal .
Several mirror sites across the globe provide backup in case one goes down .
( Much of the WikiLeaks website is currently inaccessible due to a fundraising drive . )
Though the site appears secure for now , its foes have not given up on finding its weaknesses .
In March , WikiLeaks published an internal report ( PDF ) written by an analyst at the Army Counterintelligence Center titled “ WikiLeaks.org — An Online Reference to Foreign Intelligence Services , Insurgents , or Terrorist Groups ? ”
The analyst stated that sensitive information posted by WikiLeaks could endanger American soldiers and that the site could be used “ to post fabricated information ; to post misinformation , disinformation , and propaganda . ”
He concluded that identifying and prosecuting the insiders who pass information on to WikiLeaks “ would damage and potentially destroy this center of gravity and deter others from taking similar actions . ”
WikiLeaks said the report was proof that “ U.S. Intelligence planned to destroy ” the site .
Soon afterwards , Assange asserted that he ’d been tailed by two State Department employees on a flight out of Iceland , where he had been lobbying for a new press freedom law .
He tweeted that “ WikiLeaks is currently under an aggressive US and Icelandic surveillance operation . ”
Amid this swirl of wanted and unwanted attention , Assange ( pronounced A - sanj ) lives like a man on the lam .
He wo n’t reveal his age —
” Why make it easy for the bastards ? ”
He prefers talking on the phone instead of meeting in person , and seems to never use the same number twice .
His voice is often hushed , and gaps fill the conversation , as if he ’s constantly checking over his shoulder .
Like him , the organization behind his next - generation whistleblowing machine can also be maddeningly opaque .
It ’s been accused of being conspiratorial , reckless , and even duplicitous in its pursuit of exposing the powerful .
“ It ’s a good thing that there ’s a channel for getting information out that ’s reliable and ca n’t be compromised , ” says Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig .
But , he adds , “ There ’s a difference between what you can legally do , what you can technically do , and what you ought to do . ”
The idea for WikiLeaks came from one of the most notorious leaks of all .
In 1969 , Daniel Ellsberg , a disillusioned military analyst , made copies of the Department of Defense ’s official history of the Vietnam War .
After unsuccessfully trying to pass what became known as the Pentagon Papers to members of Congress , he eventually leaked them to the New York Times and Washington Post , where they sat while the Nixon White House tried to block their publication .
The Pentagon Papers finally hit the presses more than two years after Ellsberg obtained them .
“ As a leak , it ’s almost an example of what not to do , ” says Assange .
“ By the time he got the info out , it was of little political consequence . ”
The basic model has n’t changed much since then :
Most whistleblowers still need a sympathetic politician or reporter to get the word out .
Assange had the experience — and the ego — to try to change this .
As a teenager in Melbourne , he belonged to a hacker collective called the International Subversives .
He eventually pled guilty to 24 counts of breaking into Australian government and commercial websites to test their security gaps , but was released on bond for good behavior .
His official bio describes him as “ Australia ’s most famous ethical hacker . ”
In the years that followed , Assange helped write a book about his exploits in the online underground and says he went on to become an investigative journalist for Australian and British newspapers .
He saw an opportunity to use the Internet to radically streamline the leaking process .
“ Our belief was that we could do a Pentagon Papers a week , ” he says .
“ Then we could speed up the amount of political reform being generated by people disclosing documents from the organization to rest of the world . ”
WikiLeaks hatched in 2006 on a private mailing list used by Assange and other journalists and activists .
To help navigate the technical , editorial , and organizational challenges , such as defining what Assange terms “ ethical leaking , ” the WikiLeaks team approached experts for advice .
Not all were enthusiastic .
Steven Aftergood , who writes the Federation of American Scientists ’ Secrecy News blog and has published thousands of leaked or classified documents , says he was n’t impressed with WikiLeaks ’ “ conveyor - belt approach ” to publishing anything it came across .
“ To me , transparency is a means to an end , and that end is an invigorated political life , accountable institutions , opportunities for public engagement .
For them , transparency and exposure seem to be ends in themselves , ” says Aftergood .
He declined to get involved .
But WikiLeaks does n’t readily take no for an answer .
When I contacted the impressive figures listed on its advisory board , some did n’t know they were mentioned on the site or had little idea how they got there .
Tashi Namgyal Khamsitsang , a former representative of the Dalai Lama , recalls getting a cryptic email from WikiLeaks a few years ago , but says he never agreed to be an advisor .
Noam Chomsky is listed as a volunteer administrator of the WikiLeaks Facebook group .
This is news to him .
“ I know nothing about it , ” he says .
( * See update below . )
Ben Laurie laughs when I ask why he ’s named on the site .
“ WikiLeaks allegedly has an advisory board , and allegedly I ’m a member of it , ” he says .
“ I do n’t know who runs it .
One of the things I ’ve tried to avoid is knowing what ’s going on there , because that ’s probably safest for all concerned . ”
Laurie says his only substantive interaction with the group was when Assange approached him to help design a system that would protect leakers ’ anonymity .
“ They wanted a strong guarantee that [ anything published ] could n’t possibly be tracked back to the original person who leaked the stuff , ” says Laurie .
Though his advice was n’t heeded , Laurie , who lives in London , started receiving unannounced visits from Assange .
“ He ’s a weird guy , ” Laurie says .
“ He seems to be quite nomadic , and I do n’t know how he lives like that , to be honest .
He turns up with a rucksack , and I suspect that ’s all he ’s got . ”
Assange ’s passion — and paranoia — were palpable .
“ I do n’t know what ’s behind this obsession , ” Laurie adds .
“ He ’s always been kind of worried about the guy who has some secret and has to either keep those secrets secret or reveal them but without revealing himself . ”
When asked about his supposed advisors ’ denials , Assange downplays the board as “ pretty informal . ”
But can WikiLeaks be trusted with sensitive , and possibly life - threatening , documents when it is less than transparent itself ?
John Young , founder of the pioneering whistleblower site , Cryptome.org , is skeptical .
Assange reverently describes Cryptome as WikiLeaks ’ “ spiritual godfather . ”
But Young claims he was conned into registering the WikiLeaks domain when Assange ’s team first launched ( the site is no longer under his name ) .
He fought back by leaking his correspondence with WikiLeaks .
“ WikiLeaks is a fraud , ” he wrote to Assange ’s list , hinting that the new site was a CIA data mining operation .
“ Fuck your cute hustle and disinformation campaign against legitimate dissent .
Same old shit , working for the enemy . ”
* Update : In late April , WikiLeaks set up a new , official Facebook page .
However , the WikiLeaks Facebook page mentioned above , which used to be linked to on the main WikiLeaks site , is still on Facebook and still lists Noam Chomsky as an administrator .
It also lists Gudmundur Ragnar Gudmundsson as an admin .
A Gudmundur Ragnar Gudmundsson is also listed in the credits of WikiLeaks ’ “ Collateral Murder ” video .
WikiLeaks ’ stance that all leaks are good leaks and its disregard for the established protocols for verifying them also alarms some journalists .
The site suffers from “ a distorted sense of transparency , ” according to Kelly McBride , the ethics group leader for the Poynter Institute for Media Studies .
“ They ’re giving you everything they ’ve got , but when journalists go through process of granting someone confidentiality , when they do it well , they determine that source has good information and that the source is somehow deserving of confidentiality . ”
Lucy Dalglish , executive director of the Reporters Committee for the Freedom of the Press , thinks WikiLeaks ’ approach gives fresh ammunition to those who seek to pressure journalists to cough up the names of their unnamed sources .
She forbids her staff from using the site as a source .
But even if mainstream journalists and whistleblower advocates snub WikiLeaks , they can’t keep its scoops from going viral .
“ Outfits like WikiLeaks — and blogs like ours that mediate some of these documents — do n’t feel the same sense of responsibility , ” says Nick Denton , publisher of the gossip site Gawker , which published the hacked Palin emails after they appeared on WikiLeaks .
The site ’s recent scoops have brought it more visibility and legitimacy .
Following the release of the Iraq helicopter attack video , bloggers Glenn Greenwald and Matt Yglesias praised Wikileaks for posting footage traditional outlets would have never sought out .
Former Editor & Publisher editor Greg Mitchell called the video a “ much - needed antidote to scrubbed media coverage . ”
The video has already become too big for outlets like the New York Times and Washington Post to ignore .
Assange says WikiLeaks balances its obligation to publish as much as possible with a sense of responsibility .
While anyone can submit a document to WikiLeaks , leakers cannot publish or comment on their submissions .
Before being posted , submissions are vetted by Assange and four other reviewers whose identities he will not reveal .
Each has an area of expertise , such as programming or language skills .
If the submission ’s source is known , the group investigates the leaker as best they can .
Who gets the final call in a dispute ?
“ Me , actually , ” Assange says .
“ I ’m the final decision if the document is legit . ”
Assange ’s efforts have undeniably had an impact , but whether that impact has been entirely positive is debatable .
Not long after Assange claims he was targeted in Kenya , WikiLeaks published a report from the Kenya National Commission on Human Rights linking the national police to the torture and death of 500 young men suspected of opposition activity .
The Kenyan government had buried the report , but after WikiLeaks published it , the Sunday Times of London picked up the story , and the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Extrajudicial , Summary , or Arbitrary Execution called for Kenya ’s attorney general and police commissioner to be fired .
WikiLeaks paid a price for its coup .
Two Kenyan human rights activists were assassinated in broad daylight — the result , Assange says , of their links to the leaking of the report .
The problem , he says , was not that WikiLeaks failed to protect their identities but that they “ were n’t acting in an anonymous way . ”
Assange might be accused of a similar disregard for security — after all , he ’d traveled to Nairobi after WikiLeaks ’ first big Kenyan leak .
Nevertheless , Assange says there ’s been a concerted campaign to silence him and his collaborators , vaguely citing an “ ambush ” of a colleague last year .
( He ’s since described it as an encounter with a “ ‘ James Bond ’ character in a Luxembourg car park , an event that ended with a mere ‘ we think it would be in your interest to … ' ” )
All of which has fed into Assange ’s mysterious ways — and his hunger to bring ever more information out of the darkness .
Last June , Assange made a rare public appearance in London to accept the Amnesty International Media Award .
During his acceptance speech , the lanky hacker looked into the audience and declared that WikiLeaks ’ fight was just getting started .
“ Seeing ongoing political reforms that have a real impact on people all over the world is extremely satisfying , ” he said .
“ But we want every person who ’s having a dispute with their kindergarten to feel confident about sending us material . ”
Here are the main developments :
-- Rent boy " Lucien " was interviewed by CNN on Friday .
He described part of his service to Rekers as providing " sexual massages " and provided a copy of the signed contract that provided for daily massages on the trip .
The CNN revelations were picked up on by The Miami Herald which noted that Rekers has also been the " butt of jokes by Jay Leno , Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart . "
-- The Family Research Council is distancing itself from Rekers , claiming in a press release that they had to review " the historical records " to find that he was on the original board ; and that they have not had any contact with him in a decade .
In fact , at least according to Rekers , he was with James Dobson , the co-founder and original CEO and board chairman .
-- The anti-gay National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality ( NARTH ) of which Rekers is an officer , declared on its web site :
NARTH takes seriously the accusations that have been made , and we are currently attempting to understand the details behind these press reports .
--
These distancings follow the University of South Carolina , where Rekers has been a professor of neurophychiatry - scrubbing him from their web site .
According to Rekers ' Curriculum Vitae , he is a " Distinguished Professor of Neuropsychiatry and Behavioral Science Emeritus 2006 - present " after having taught at the university since 1985 .
-- Florida Attorney General and current GOP Gubernatorial Candidate Bill McCollumn is ducking questions about hiring Rekers as an expert witness to defend the state in a lawsuit against a ban on gay adoptions .
The judge found Rekers ' testimony to be " not credible " as well as being ideologically and theologically driven and inconsistent with the relevant science .
The judge ruled that the law is unconstitutional .
McCollumn is appealing the ruling .
-- Rekers ' expensive ( media reports range from $ 60,000 to $ 120,000 ) Florida testimony is now also being further scrutinized .
The Miami NBC
News affiliate published part of the transcript in which Rekers states that in addition to gay people , he would exclude Native Americans as a whole class from adopting children , primarily because of a high rate of alcohol abuse .
He would exclude prospective Native American adoptive parents whether or not individuals are even drinkers
" ... because it would be not only them , they would tend to hang around each other .
So the children would be around a lot of other Native - Americans , who are doing the same sorts of things , you know . "
--
The the web site Gawker reports that another male prostitute ( and former porn star ) claims to have had a similar experience with Rekers at the Hyatt Regency at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport in 1992 .
Rekers emailed Gawker to say only :
" Professor George Rekers has never been to the Hyatt Regency Hotel at O'Hare Airport in Chicago . "
[ Crossposted from Talk to Action ]
Charles Siebert discusses empathy and how children ’s capacity for it can be impacted by their own maltreatment and by witnessing the abuse of animals .
While it is critical to implement therapies to “ heal ” people who have been thus affected , prevention strategies , like educating children about the humane treatment of animals , can help protect even more people and animals from harm .
Teaching empathy and nurturing that quality from an early age is invaluable in helping children develop into humane adults .
By educating the public and helping government agencies , we acknowledge the link of violence and encourage empathy and compassion in our children .
People and animals alike will reap the benefits .
GEORGE C. CASEY
Interim President and C.E.O. American Humane Association
Englewood , Colo .
Siebert deftly explores the connection between violence against animals and other forms of violence , but he avoids the implications .
The article mentions that children who witness violence toward their family pet “ suppress their own feelings of kindness and tenderness toward a pet because they can’t bear the pain caused by their own empathy for the abused animal . ”
That would appear to be exactly what people do whenever they sit down to eat .
No matter how hard people pretend not to , we all know what happens to the animals who end up on our plates .
What does our willing ignorance of this violence toward billions of animals do to us as a culture ?
MARIANN SULLIVAN
New York
As someone who deals with dozens of animal - cruelty cases every week , it ’s encouraging that awareness of the link between cruelty to animals and violence to humans is growing and that more law - enforcement officials are treating cruelty to animals with the seriousness it deserves .
PETA is leading this effort by pushing for aggressive prosecution and strong sentences for people accused of or convicted for animal abuse and providing officials with informational booklets detailing the animal - human cruelty link .
I urge readers to help us protect animals from abuse by reporting any known or suspected cruelty to animals to the police and animal - control officials immediately .
Protecting animals protects us all .
Pigjargon Drew a Picture For Arbitrary Day
Hey , remember a few months ago on reddit when pigjargon asked people to tell her what to draw and then proceeded to blow everyone 's mind ?
Well , when I saw this I knew we needed her to draw something for Arbitrary Day .
I asked and , wow … she delivered !
Check it out !
The Mainstream media shows it ’s bias once again .
In an interview with White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel on ABC program , “ This Week ” Emanuel tells BP CEO Tony Hayward : Stay out of PR as pictures arise of him in a Yacht race just a day after he was relieved from the Oil Spill response .
Comparatively ,
The POTUS , who said he would not rest until the oil spill was contained , is catching some Links with little criticism from the Media
Host Jake Tapper asked for Emanuel ’s reaction to new photos of Hayward sailing on his yacht today in the waters off the coast of Britain .
“ Well , to quote Tony Hayward , he ’s got his life back , as he would say , ” Emanuel said with a smile .
“ And I think we can all conclude that Tony Hayward is not going to have a second career in PR consulting .
This has just been part of a long line of PR gaffes and mistakes . ”
“ But , beyond that photo , ” Emanuel explained , “ there ’s really a substance here that matters .
That ’s clearly a PR mistake , but he ’s made a number of those mistakes .
What ’s important is : are we capping the well ?
Are we capturing the oil ?
Are we containing the cleanup ?
Are we filing the claims ?
Are we also cleaning up the mess ?
That ’s what ’s important . ”
Emanuel said the new Hayward photos would be “ fodder ” and that “ people will chew over this , ” but he insisted that important thing was “ dealing with the problems down in the well and dealing with the problems in the region . ”
via Rahm to Yachting BP CEO : Stay out of PR – Political Punch .
Pool Report : June 19 , 2010 –
POTUS , who was not seen by the pool , left the South Lawn at 1:01 , bound for golf at Andrews .
Motorcade of SUVs , which stopped at most lights , was uneventful and featured waving tourists and the occasional oblivious driver , who soon became knowledgeable of their surroundings with some encouragement using lights and sirens .
POTUS , still out of sight of the pool , arrived at 1:30 .
His playing partners are unknown to this point .
Now heading to our holding place .
— — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
Pool Report # 2 , June 19 , 2010
Just got word POTUS ’ playing partners are Biden , Marvin Nicholson and former campaign photographer David Katz .
Pool is holding in the food court at Andrews .
via Pool Report : June 19 , 2010 – The Page by Mark Halperin – TIME.com .
But Bush played Golf -
Not after 2003 he did n’t
Bush Says He ’s Not A Golfer In Wartime
President Bush said yesterday that he gave up golfing in 2003 “ in solidarity ” with the families of soldiers who were dying in Iraq , concluding that it was “ just not worth it anymore ” to play the sport in a time of war .
“ I do n’t want some mom whose son may have recently died to see the commander in chief playing golf , ” Bush said in a White House interview with the Politico .
“ I feel I owe it to the families to be as — to be in solidarity as best as I can with them .
And I think playing golf during a war just sends the wrong signal . ”
via Bush Says He ’s Not A Golfer In Wartime – washingtonpost.com .
Related :
TRENDING : Ought the BP CEO not yacht ?
Media Outraged BP CEO At Yacht Race Saturday , Do n’t Care Obama Golfed
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pinterest
# proof of concept for searching reddit and sorting results according to karma
# by meowmix4jo
#
# Tested using Python 2.6.5
#
# This script searches reddit via the google AJAX api and then grabs the karma from reddit .
# These results are then stored in a list , which gets sorted and printed .
# It should n't be too hard to get a web version going if there is interest .
#
# Output is :
# x - y
# z
# x is karma , y is title , z is url
#
# Google and reddit both return results in JSON , simplejson was used to parse this data .
# If you do n't have this it can be downloaded at
# http://pypi.python.org/pypi/simplejson
#
# I 've heard alot of people ask for search where you can sort by karma ,
# but I 've never seen someone actually attempt it .
###regex samples ###
#sub-reddit
#reddit\.com/r/[^/]*/\Z
#post
#reddit\.com/r/[^/]*/comments/[^/]*/[^/]*/\Z
#reddit\.com/r/[^/]*/comments/[^/]*/\Z
#comment
#reddit\.com/r/[^/]*/comments/[^/]*/[^/]*/[^/]*/\Z
import urllib , httplib , simplejson , re , urlparse
def custom_itemgetter ( * items ) :
# this is just operator .
itemgetter with a cheap hack to get userpages , subreddits , etc to come up before submissions
if len ( items ) == 1 :
item = items [ 0 ]
if items [ 0 ] == ' null ' :
item = 9999999
def g ( obj ) :
return obj [ item ]
else :
def g ( obj ) :
return tuple ( obj [ item ] for item in items )
return g
# #Change what you want to search for here ##
search = ' meow '
##---##
google_api = ' ajax.googleapis.com '
reddit_api = ' reddit.com '
# Connect to google , and perform a search
google = httplib .
HTTPConnection ( google_api )
query = '/ ajax/services/search/web ?' + urllib .
urlencode ( { ' v' : ' 1.0 ' , 'q ' : ' site:reddit.com ' + search , ' rsz ' : ' large ' } )
google .
request ( " GET " , query )
search_results = google .
getresponse ( )
gjson = simplejson .
loads ( search_results .
read ( ) )
results = gjson [ ' responseData ' ] [ ' results ' ]
to_sort = [ ]
x = 0
# We have the results from google , let 's get post information from reddit
for i in results :
# This is another cheap hack to remove URL queries , as they break JSON fetching
i [ 'url ' ] = urlparse .
urlparse ( urllib .
unquote ( i [ 'url ' ] ) )
i [ 'url ' ] = urlparse .
urlunparse ( [ i [ 'url ' ] [ 0 ] , i [ 'url ' ] [ 1 ] , i [ 'url ' ] [ 2 ] , i [ 'url ' ] [ 3 ] , '' , '' ] )
# Make sure all URL's end with a slash to make regex easier
if not i [ 'url ' ] [ - 1 ] == '/' :
i [ 'url ' ] + = '/'
if ( re . search ( ' reddit \. com/r/[^/]*/comments/[^/]*/[^/]*/
\ Z ' , i [ 'url ' ] ) or re . search ( ' reddit \. com/r/[^/]*/comments/[^/]*/
\ Z ' , i [ 'url ' ] ) or re . search ( ' reddit \. com/r/[^/]*/comments/[^/]*/[^/]*/[^/]*/ \ Z ' , i [ 'url ' ] ) ) :
reddit = urllib .
urlopen ( i [ 'url ' ] + '. json ' )
rjson = simplejson .
loads ( reddit .
read ( ) )
score = rjson [ 0 ] [ ' data ' ] [ ' children ' ] [ 0 ] [ ' data ' ] [ ' score ' ]
to_sort .
append ( [ score , i [ ' title ' ] . encode ( 'utf - 8 ' ) , i [ 'url ' ] ] )
else :
# These are subreddits , user pages , etc
to_sort .
append ( [ ' null ' , i [ ' title ' ] . encode ( 'utf - 8 ' ) , i [ 'url ' ] ] )
x + = 1
# Sort results by highest karma
to_sort = sorted ( to_sort , reverse = True , key = custom_itemgetter ( 0 ) )
for rec in to_sort :
Life is an adventure for a young monkey and her son , living among ancient ruins in the jungle .
But when her family is forced from their home , she must lead them to safety amidst strange new creatures and surroundings .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Rio Ferdinand has backed England star Wayne Rooney to control his temper during the World Cup in South Africa .
Rooney was booked in Monday 's warm - up win over Platinum Stars and accused of using " vulgar language " by the referee .
Official Jeff Selogilwe also warned Rooney he risks being sent off at the World Cup unless he curbs his temper .
But Ferdinand told BBC Sport : " Wayne 's experienced now .
His disciplinary record has been magnificent over the last couple of years . "
Rooney , 24 , was sent off at the last World Cup in 2006 , dismissed for stamping on Portugal 's Ricardo Carvalho in their quarter - final tie .
Phil McNulty Blog If Rooney can blow up , however briefly , in a game of such minor significance , what might he be tempted to do when the World Cup is at stake ?
And signs of the disciplinary problems that threatened to hamper the Manchester United player 's early career reared themselves again in the 3 - 0 victory over South African club side Platinum Stars .
Ahead of the match , England vice - captain Frank Lampard had warned his team - mates that discipline on the field will be a key factor if they are to be successful in the tournament .
But Rooney appeared to become embroiled in a second - half spat with Platinum Stars ' Kagiso Senamela before being booked for dissent .
Rooney , 24 , apologised to the referee after the game but decided against giving him his shirt , as had apparently been agreed beforehand .
" I think the man was in an angry mood , because he did n't even give me his shirt , but I can not blame him because he 's still my player , " Selogilwe told BBC World Service .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" He 's still my favourite player , although I 'm a referee there are players that I 'm in favour of like Wayne Rooney and other England players as well .
" I was very much disappointed .
I did n't expect a top top top player like Rooney to insult the referee .
" If it happens in that way , you are not going to see Rooney in the World Cup " He is a good player when you see him on the TV , but when you see him on the pitch , he just keeps on insulting the referees .
" To me , it looks like Rooney insults people and fouls other players .
If he insults a referee like me then he will use that vulgar language to other referees as well .
I was very disappointed in Rooney because he is my favourite player . "
However , Ferdinand , who will miss the finals after injuring a knee in training , added : " Being here [ in South Africa ] is magnifying things before the World Cup .
" It was a practice match not an official match .
I do n't see Wazza [ Rooney ] having a disciplinary problem at the World Cup at all .
" Since the incident in Germany , he 's done so well to get to where he is now . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Rooney 's team - mates also rallied around him after their final warm - up game .
Rooney made a goal for Joe Cole and scored himself late on after Jermain Defoe had given Fabio Capello 's side an early lead against the local side .
Tottenham striker Defoe , who scored the opener on Monday , said he did not see Rooney 's temperament as an issue .
" If under control , I think Wayne 's temper is a good thing , " he commented .
" He has that fire in his belly .
If you take that away from him then he wo n't be the same player . "
Meanwhile , Ferdinand said he has come to terms with his World Cup heartache .
The Manchester United defender was set to skipper his country at the finals , but a knee injury suffered in a training ground clash with team - mate Emile Heskey saw his dreams ended .
Ferdinand saw his World Cup dream ended early " Leading out your country at a major tournament is the stuff of dreams and it was taken from under my feet , " he said .
" I can't sit and sulk and cry over spilt over milk .
It 's disappointing , but I 've come to terms with it now .
" I 've got to get on with it .
There 's a lot more people worse off than I am .
" It was a complete freak , an accident .
The ball came in from one of the lads to Emile , I 'd gone to try and tackle him from behind - he did n't actually see me coming - we both went off balance and Emile 's weight went down on my knee .
" It 's no fault of his at all .
It 's just a freak accident that could happen at any given time and it had no connection to any previous injuries I 've had . "
Ferdinand will remain in South Africa to watch Saturday 's match in Rustenburg before flying home for rehabilitation on his knee .
He said he would return to the tournament to support his team - mates at a later date , providing his rehab allows him to .
Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has taken over as captain of Fabio Capello 's team in the tournament .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ya ..... I fed the whale Why do u ask ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The arms suggest an anti-clockwise spin ( Photo : NASA / STScI / AURA )
A galaxy in the constellation Centaurus is puzzling astronomers by spinning in the wrong direction .
NGC 4622 has bright twisting arms containing newborn stars and lies 111 million light years away .
“ It ’s an extremely beautiful , photogenic galaxy about the size of the Milky Way , ” says Ron Buta of the University in Alabama in Tuscaloosa .
In almost all spiral galaxies , the spiral arms trail behind as the galaxy rotates .
But now Buta and his colleagues have found that the outer spiral arms in NGC 4622 are pointing in the rotation direction , rather than trailing behind .
“ This is extremely uncommon and a very interesting situation , ” says Buta .
The pattern turned up in just one other galaxy a few years ago , but was much less pronounced .
Advertisement
Speeding gas
Buta ’s team made the discovery using images from the Hubble Space Telescope .
From these they worked out the direction of the galaxy ’s tilt – nearly face - on when viewed from Earth .
When highlighted , the inner and outer arms can be seen to swirl in different directions ( Photo : Ron Buta , Gene Byrd , Tarsh Freeman )
They then used earlier measurements of the speeds of gas on different sides of the galaxy to show that it is spinning clockwise , with leading spiral arms .
This puzzling result suggests NGC 4622 has swallowed another galaxy that was rotating in the opposite direction , Buta says .
This fits with the fact that the outer arms are a little lopsided , as though they have been disturbed .
However , no one can yet explain how this collision led to the curious pattern of spiral arms and rotation in NGC 4622 .
Buta hopes to do more observations to find out how gas and stars are moving around in different parts of the galaxy .
SMOKERS should prepare for the day when they are virtually confined to lighting up in their own backyards .
They will not be able to smoke on footpaths , and feeding their habits in public will be restricted to a few designated smoking zones .
Where you can't light up in NSW .
A wide - ranging ban on outdoor smoking in public areas is the logical next step in stamping out smoking from public life altogether , according to Cancer Council NSW chief executive Andrew Penman .
Dr Penman said it was becoming increasingly unacceptable that people could be subjected to drifts of smoke from fellow pedestrians when they walked down the street .
Hi all , this is my first blogpost ever , so be gentle .
Today I was struck with a crash in Haskell .
It just jumped into gdb .
I really did n’t expect the code to crash .
Also since it all happened in an iphone simulator I did n’t get much output .
Then my coleague pointed out that he is seeing a < < loop > > in his xcode console ( I did n’t see it ) .
Knowing this , I reviewed my changes and found the error .
It was an additional apostrophe in a list of sequential assignments in a let block .
The code was similar to this :
result = let a' = f0 b' = f1 a '' a '' = f2 b' a ' in a ' '
The a ” on the second line is obviously having one apostrophe too much .
I thought about what can be done about this .
This is Haskell alright !
I should have been warned in the compile time .
What can I do to make it never happen again ?
Monads give me a sequence , but I actually do n’t need any monad .
Then I realized I can just use the Identity monad .
After rewriting :
result = runIdentity $ do a ' <- return f0 b' <- return $ f1 a '' a '' <- return $ f2 b' a ' return a ''
This fails because the a ” is not in scope .
Great !
I always thought about the Identity monad as a trivial example , not useful for anything .
And voila … this is a real life situation where it actually helps .
Also by using the monad I make the originally implicit sequence of assignments explicit for the reader of my code .
Now , what can I do about the ugly returns ?
There must be a solution for this .
After some talks on #haskell I see several choices .
I can use a nested let :
result = let a' = f0 in let b' = f1 a '' in let a '' = f2 b' a ' in a ' '
Semantically identical to the original , but too ugly !
Let ’s see how anouther solution looks :
result = runIdentity $ do let a' = f0 let b' = f1 a '' let a '' = f2 b' a ' return a ''
I was pointed out , that all let blocks in a monad are sequenced , so I just put let on each line .
This looks pretty good .
In does n’t look that good in my real code , which is about ten lines of sequence and also some pattern matching on the left side , but this is where I goit so far .
Anyway , I think this is a nice way to prevent unintended loops as well as to improve readability .
What do you think ?
Is using of the Identity monad semantically / performance equivalent to the original code ?
Is there any way to make it even nicer ( without any drastic pre-processing rewrite rules ) ?
I knew beer must taste great cos everyone loves beer but it seems this dog knows something I do n’t know .
This is a normally a very friendly dog but try and take away his beer and he gets a little angry .
Himalayan Glacier Melt : The Real Problem
by Upmanu Lall | June 14 , 2010
Every day I hear scientists and media people talking about climate change in a way that is often sensational or misses the real challenges .
This will be a series of blogs in which I will discuss a few of these cases .
Lets start with :
The Himalayan Glacier Melt
A typical statement that I ’ve seen used in the media is that the Himalayan glaciers will vanish by 2035 , and that about 1.5 billion people will be affected by lack of water as a result .
It is true that if the Himalayan glaciers melt , people will be affected , but not necessarily the ones being referred to , nor in the way they ’re currently saying .
In reality , the percentage of the water contributed by glacier melt to these societies is small .
What people mix up is that there is an annual snowfall which melts and is then available to use .
Most of the water does n’t come from melting glaciers at all .
However , lately many glaciers are melting faster than they had before , and so more water is temporarily available .
Once the glaciers melt substantially , this increment will vanish .
Hushe Valley and Masherbrum , Pakistan :
There are issues of concern here .
First , at warmer temperatures the winter snow may not come as snow .
It may come as rain , especially in the lower elevations .
So the time at which water is available in the rivers may shift into the winter and not be in the traditional snowmelt period in the early spring .
This could be a significant change , and would have to be planned for .
The total amount of winter precipitation may also increase as a warmer world leads to higher moisture in the air , and then higher rain as the air cools while it is lifted over the mountains .
If there are reservoirs to store the water , water release could be controlled so that people can start farming earlier in the year , when it is expected to be warmer .
Without reservoirs , farmers may or may not be able to adapt to the change in the timing of water availability .
This needs to be studied further , but is not likely as dramatic an issue as the media is making it out to be .
The number of people relying on snowmelt - fed rivers is a tiny fraction of the 1.5 billion that is often cited .
As the glaciers melt , the major problem wo n’t be lack of water .
The problem will be induced by soil saturation and slope failure as the ground is exposed .
There will be volumes of water released onto slopes which before had been protected by solid sheets of ice .
The underlying soil may be made of rocks and sand without binding clay , and may be mobilized by the melt water , causing landslides .
One way this can happen is illustrated below .
Suppose there is a slope ( a ) , which is just a big pile of sand ( b ) .
We can say that the sand pile is actually stable at this angle given the ice on it or in the absence of melt water .
The sand pile becomes saturated with water once the ice melts ( c ) .
That water will tend to come out at the toe of the slope ( d ) .
This creates an instability .
The toe of the slope will erode , causing the whole slope to fail .
Diagram by J A Hitz
When the slope fails , the material goes into the water channels and accumulates , causing natural dams to form .
As the water builds up behind , the dams fail , and all the water rushes downstream .
If there is a reservoir in the path of this wave of water , it may be destroyed in the process .
If not , one natural dam can fail , or worse , several can fail in a chain reaction .
Either way , the communities along the water path could be completely wiped out .
Tsho Rolpa Glacial Lake , Nepal :
These glacier lake outburst floods are more of a concern for the communities likely to be most affected by the Himalayan glacier melt .
Such events could impact not just mountain communities , but also those living in the plains .
The river Kosi in India is an example of what can happen .
In 2008 , the embankments of the Kosi were breached and the river moved 180 kilometers laterally .
Several million people became homeless when the water moved over to its new path .
That event was caused by an embankment failing because of a rainfall induced flood , not a glacier lake outburst , but my argument is that the water released from a glacier lake outburst flood could lead to a similar or more catastrophic outcome .
Kosi River Flood , 2008 :
What places are the most vulnerable to this type of event ?
It ’s the South Asia side of the Himalayas , not the South Indian side , which is what most people focus on .
The South Asian mountain range goes from about 500 feet above mean sea level to 30,000 feet above mean sea level in the span of about 50 kilometers , so it ’s a very steep change .
The Yangtze River and the Mekong River plains are equally vulnerable , so one could identify a relatively large population in the flood plains of the major Himalayan rivers in South Asia , China and Indo- china that could have a serious impact .
Next blog : ‘ Predicting the future with Climate Change Models ’
—
Follow Columbia Water Center on Twitter
KANSAS CITY , Mo. -- Manute Bol , a lithe 7 - foot - 7 shot - blocker from Sudan who spent 10 seasons in the NBA and was dedicated to humanitarian work in Africa , died Saturday .
He was 47 .
Bol died at the University of Virginia Hospital in Charlottesville , where he was being treated for severe kidney trouble and a painful skin condition , Tom Prichard , executive director of the group Sudan Sunrise , said in an e-mail .
Drafted in 1985 , Manute Bol enjoyed a 10 - year NBA career , playing for four different teams , including two stints with the Golden State Warriors .
Ken Levine / Getty Image
" Sudan and the world have lost a hero and an example for all of us , " Prichard said .
" Manute , we 'll miss you .
Our prayers and best wishes go out to all his family , and all who mourn his loss . "
Bol played in the NBA with Washington , Golden State , Philadelphia and Miami , averaging 2.6 points , 4.2 rebounds and 3.3 blocks for his career .
He led the league in blocks in 1985 - 86 with Washington ( 5.0 per game ) and in 1988 - 89 with Golden State ( 4.3 a game ) .
" Manute 's impact on this city , our franchise and the game of basketball cannot be put into words , " 76ers president and general manager Ed Stefanski said in a statement .
" He ... was continually giving of himself through his generosity and humanitarian efforts in order to make the world around him a much better place , for which he will always be remembered . "
The funeral for Bol will be held Tuesday at the Washington National Cathedral in the nation 's capital and will be open to the public , Prichard said .
Bol joined the NBA with Washington in 1985 and played three seasons there .
He returned to the team briefly toward the end of his career .
The Wizards lauded him as a " true humanitarian and an ambassador for the sport of basketball . "
" Despite his accomplishments on the court , his lasting legacy will be the tireless work and causes he promoted in his native Sudan and the cities in which he played , " the club said in a statement .
// Create the CSV object and pass it the file location of the CSV file and a function that // creates the bar
labels
//
Get the first column which becomes the labels
data
//
Get the second column which becomes the data
//
Get the number of rows in the CSV
//
Get the number of cols in the CSV
// Create the bar
data
A rare strain of E. coli never before associated with foodborne illness in the United States has sickened 29 people in three states , public health officials said Friday .
The outbreak has been tied to romaine lettuce served in restaurants , school cafeterias and deli and supermarket salad bars .
Freshway Foods , an Ohio company , recalled the lettuce on Thursday .
It said the lettuce had been sold primarily to food service and wholesale customers .
The recall did not involve any bagged or mixed lettuce sold in supermarket produce sections , the company said , although some supermarkets appeared to have used the romaine in salad bars .
Officials traced the illness to a bacterial strain known as E. coli O145 , which is different from the more widely known E. coli O157:H7 , which has been associated with outbreaks linked to ground beef , leafy greens and other foods .
“ This is the first time this particular type of E. coli has been associated with a foodborne outbreak , ” said Dr. Robert Tauxe , a deputy director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The U.S. government 's current debt problem is perceived to be a once in a life time event by some , but governments have long been suffering from debt worries .
Take the Roman Empire which , in 55 BC , was already concerned about its public debt and the devaluing of its currency against silver .
Note complaints about " public assistance " even back then .
It had a great many more years of decline before its demise , but the devaluation of the Roman currency seems to have played some part in the collapse of the period 's largest empire .
I love illusions , and I love astronomy .
So what could be better than combining the two ?
If you ’ve ever seen the Moon rising over the horizon , looking so fat and looming that you felt like you could fall right into it , then you ’ve been a victim of the famous Moon Illusion .
And it isan illusion , a pervasive and persuasive one .
So , how does this thing work ?
Ah , step right up .
One of my favorite brain - benders is the Ponzo Illusion .
You ’ve seen it : the simplest case is with two short horizontal lines , one above the other , between two slanting but near - vertical lines .
The upper line looks longer than the lower line , even though they ’re the same length .
The illusion works because our brains are a bit wonky .
The slanted lines make us think that anything near the top is farther away ; the lines force our brain to think those lines are parallel but receding in the distance ( like railroad tracks ) .
The two horizontal lines are physically the same length , but our brain thinks the upper one is farther away .
If it ’s farther away , then duh , our brain says to itself , it must be bigger than the lower one .
So we perceive it that way .
While procrastinating on reddit , ( you do look at reddit , do n’t you , especially the science section ? )
I found this beautiful example of Ponzo :
Heehee !
You ’d swear up and down * that the red vertical line on the right is much longer than the one on the left , would n’t you ?
It looks almost twice as long to me .
It ’s a very powerful perception .
But they ’re not !
I cut out the two red lines and put them side by side .
They ’re pretty much exactly the same length ( well , they ’re off by a bit due to resolution issues in the image , but not by nearly as much as your brain likes to think ) .
This example is a great one because it uses a real - life image .
You can see the wall tiles getting smaller with distance , and the horizontal layout of them , complete with the lines between them , forces your brain to see the line on the right as farther away .
Bang !
Ponzo .
This illusion plays out all the time … including when the Moon is rising ( you were wondering when I ’d get back to that , were n’t you ? ) .
The Moon Illusion is in part due to this same effect , but weirdly , you also need to understand how we perceive the sky .
If I were to ask you what shape the sky is above your head , you ’d probably answer " a hemisphere " .
But in fact , almost everyone perceives it as an inverted bowl , flattened at the top .
Put it this way : if the sky were a hemisphere above you , you ’d say the horizon was as far away as the zenith .
But in fact most people perceive the horizon being farther away than the point straight over their heads ; test after test has shown this .
This is n’t too surprising ; think of a cloudy day .
The clouds over your head are maybe two or three kilometers above , but near the horizon they may be 100 kilometers away !
See where I ’m going with this ?
When the Moon is on the horizon , your brain thinks it ’s far away , much farther than when it ’s overhead .
So the Ponzo Illusion kicks in : your brain sees the Moon as being huge , and it looks like you could fall into it .
The Illusion works for the Sun , too .
In fact , years ago I saw Orion rising over a parking lot , and it looked like it was spread across half the sky .
It ’s an incredibly powerful illusion .
Oddly enough , when it ’s on the horizon , the Moon actually is farther away than when it ’s overhead .
Not by much , really , just a few thousand kilometers ( compared to the Moon ’s overall distance of about 400,000 kilometers ) .
Behold my Photoshop skillz :
The guy at the top of the Earth in the diagram sees the Moon on his horizon , and the guy on the side of the Earth sees it overhead .
But you can tell the distances are n’t the same : the Moon is closer to the guy who sees it as overhead ( by an amount roughly equal to the Earth ’s radius ) .
That ’s no illusion !
That ’s science , baby .
So the Moon Illusion is just that .
It ’s not the air acting like a lens , or foreground objects making it look big by comparison .
It ’s just the way we see the shape of the sky together with the well - known Ponzo Illusion .
Hmmm , is there a metaphor I ’m sniffing here ?
Science taking something we perceive as real , breaking it down , and showing it to be an interesting but decidedly unreal illusion ?
Well , that ’s what science does !
It helps us not only understand the world better , but it also makes the world cooler , too .
Pizza Hut 's Irish stores are now offering a free pizza to all its Facebook fans when France concedes a goal in the World Cup .
Pizza
Hut has laid it all out for their Irish customers on their Facebook page :
" Remember that ‘ Hand Ball ’ incident ?
Well , Pizza
Hut will be giving away FREE pizzas for every goal scored against France ! "
The reader is then asked to click on the " Free Pizza " tab when France concede a goal .
The " Free Pizza " tab contains a large Pizza Hut scoreboard that records the goals scored against France and releases a unique pin code for fans to obtain their free delivered pizza .
Will Pizza
Hut not go broke ?
The chain is well aware of Ireland 's large appetite for pizza , and it has wisely capped the promotion at 350 free pizzas per goal .
The fan page is gathering momentum with users asking for " frogs " as a topping and " baguette " as a crust .
The Thierry Henry incident is still fresh in the minds of Irish soccer supporters .
Many joined anti-Henry groups on Facebook and some even boycotted French goods .
Ireland 's Prime Minister even asked the French President , Nicholas Sarkozy , to pressure the French football association for an international rematch .
Although the Irish get the chance to eat their sorrows away for free , Pizza Hut has pulled off a stroke marketing genius .
For only 350 9 " pizzas , the " Hand Ball " campaign will likely grace the back pages of nearly every newspaper in the world .
The problem : My cat ( Nitro ) keeps getting beaten up by other cats .
$ 1200 in vet bills so far , so my cat ca n't go outside .
The solution : Build a cat run .
I hope the land lady wo n't mind !
Before getting started , I fired up google sketch up .
I had the following goals in mind :
Here is the design I came up with :
Before going further , please note that work as a Software Developer .
I have no idea how to actually build anything , so I had to learn as I went along .
My first stop was Bunnings , where I grabbed a circular saw ( $ 99 ) and my second stop was Aldi - where I bought a laser guided jigsaw ( $ 30 ) .
Here is a partially finished side panel :
The wire is " Flower Mesh " .
I found it at Bunnings for about $ 3 / meter ( it comes in 10 m rolls ) .
I used about 30 meters all up .
The front door ( with frame ) :
Installing some shelves for Nitro to jump around on :
Completed cat run :
Before you ask , that is Nitro 's favourite chair .
Next problem :
The cat run is 30 meters away from the house .
How will the cat get there ?
The solution : Bridge and tunnels !
Ok , this project may have gotten a * little * out of hand :
Cat 's eye view :
More tunnels :
View from the back of the yard :
All done , time to sleep !
All up the materials cost about $ 700 .
The ramps / bridges are made of fence pailings which cost about $ 1.40 each .
The roof is made from laserlite acrylic sheeting .
The cat goes outside a fair bit now , but usually only goes as far as the bridge , so he can bask in the sun .
Only two days ago top military brass , including Centcom Commander General David Petraeus , were openly calling Times Square bombing suspect Faisal Shahzad a “ lone wolf ” who had acted alone , and scoffing at any reports of Tehreek-e Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) involvement .
Today Attorney General Eric
Holder signaled a new official stance on the attack , declaring on multiple Sunday news shows that the US now has evidence that the TTP was behind the attempt , called “ amateurish ” by police .
Exactly where the Obama Administration goes from here is anyone ’s guess , but it is clear that at this point all eyes are on Pakistan and that the Obama Administration ’s recent praise of Pakistan ’s internal policy is over .
At the start of 2009 only tiny Bajaur was being attacked by Pakistan ’s military , after considerable US harranguing Pakistan now has ongoing offensives in half the tribal areas and lingering hostilities in Malakand , in the NWFP ( Now Khyber - Pakhtoonwa ) , with some 200,000 troops committed along its northern frontier in US - demanded wars .
Once touted as proof of the floundering Zardari government ’s loyalty to the US , the offensives and the almost ridiculous lengths to which the military has suspended civil liberties in the tribal areas are falling so short of American expectations that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton yesterday threatened “ very serious consequences ” against Pakistan over the Times Square bombing and said she expected the Zardari government to do more against militants .
Eric Holder
On the other hand it is unclear what , if anything , Pakistan could theoretically do to placate the US .
Constantly having to commit a significant portion of its force to its eastern border with India , the nearly bankrupt Pakistani government would be hard pressed to commit many more troops to the Afghan frontier .
Even if they do , the offensives have done little but chase tribesmen out of their homes , and the militant leaders , from the TTP and other groups , simply blend into the background and reemerge at a later date .
Much as the failed Christmas Day attack led to knee - jerk calls to launch a full scale invasion of Yemen , or at the very least a large number of air strikes ( ironically the US launched two major air strikes against Yemen before the ostensible casus belli came along ) , Times Square now has people openly talking about a reaction against Pakistan , up to and including the threat of putting “ boots on the ground . ”
As with Yemen , however , the US has really been attacking Pakistan all along , killing some 700 civilians in 44 drone attacks in 2009 alone .
And perhaps even more - so than with Yemen , the evidence is overwhelming that the attack did n’t happen in a vacuum , and that the US attacks and constant US meddling in Pakistan is actually fueling the insurgency , which did n’t exist in any serious form until the 2001 US invasion of neighboring Afghanistan .
Those US drone strikes have now gotten so onerous that it should be no surprise that the TTP and others are looking to strike back at the US , and while the troops in Afghanistan and certainly the closer , more convenient target , attacks on the US mainland are on the table whenever practical .
It is entirely uncontroversial at this point to note that the Times Square attempt was retaliation for the US attacks , though looking for a less provocative way to deal with the troubled region appears never to be considered : only escalation is treated as a real option .
It is unclear what , if anything , the “ boots on the ground ” approach would even hope to accomplish in Pakistan , other than turn the anti-US sentiment and increasing weariness with the corrupt Zardari government into a full - on insurrection nationwide .
Already hanging on by a thread , Pakistan ’s civilian government can ill afford the challenge of trying to sell a US ground invasion to the public .
Still , popular sentiment will demand a US response to the incident , no matter how ill - conceived .
Escalating the drone strikes against the tribal area would scarcely register as a response at this point , after all , President Obama has done that so many times in his 16 months in office one might imagine it to be a necessary bodily function for him .
Whatever options are left , all seem a recipe for sabotaging US relations with Pakistan for a generation or more , and a ground invasion would likely tear the country ’s government asunder and leave the US with not just a failed state of 28 million people to contend with , but a pair of bordering failed states with a combined population of nearly 200 million .
Billy Bob 's got a gun !
Humans fight back !
This version gives Humans the chance to find a cache of weapons that will allow them to fight back and kill the Zombies .
There may be some human casualties along the way because they do n't care who they hit .
A video overview of the model can be found on my YouTube Channel - Complxity Geek .
powered by NetLogo
A working copy of the model can be downloaded from My Google Drive .
WHAT IS IT ?
Zombies !!
HOW IT WORKS
Eat Brains !!!
( Seriously - see the code for information - it is fully notated . )
HOW TO USE IT
1. Click the Draw Buildings button to enable the mouse to create buildings in the world .
2 . Left click and drag the mouse to draw .
3 . Set initial number of zombies , humans and weapon caches .
4 . Set speed for Humans and Zombies .
5. Set Shot Accuracy for weapon use .
6 . Set vision radius for Humans and Zombies .
7. Push Setup to get ready to eat brains !
8. Push Go to eat brains !
Use Clear Turtles button to restart simulation with existing buildings .
Use Clear
All button to start from scratch .
THINGS TO NOTICE
Zombies now seek brains and Humans run away if they see a Zombie near them .
Modified the movement code to smooth the motion of agents .
Zombies and Humans both treat yellow patches as buildings and will not cross that patch .
The Humans can fight back now .
If a Human lands on a weapon cache , he becomes armed ( Go , Billy Bob ! ) and can shoot Zombies .
If a Human is hit by a bullet , they will die too .
THINGS TO TRY
Start with just 1 zombie .
Slow Zombies will eventually catch faster humans .
EXTENDING THE MODEL
Super Zombies !
Humans that hide !
NETLOGO FEATURES
The simulation runs smoother if the model is set to continuous update instead of update on ticks .
RELATED MODELS
None that I know of .
CREDITS AND REFERENCES
Michael Ball , Research Coordinator , Computational Modeling & IT Resources at The Center for Complexity in Health - KSUA
PROCEDURES
Note : Click THIS PIRATE - PINK BUTTON to see the whole graphic .
Always wanted to learn more about music piracy but were afraid to Google " downloading music illegally " for fear the RIAA would track your query and then beat your gotdamn door down and drag you off to prison ?
Jesus , I want some of whatever you 're smoking .
Unless it 's pole , in which case I 'll just settle for a lick .
Well in an effort to keep your butt 's v-card unstamped , here 's an informational graphic all about music piracy .
I did n't bother looking at the whole thing , but I 'm pretty sure the gist is it 's a-okay to pirate whatever the hell you want provided you wear an eyepatch and yell " ARG , BOOTY ! " every time a download finishes .
The Music Industry & Online Piracy By The Numbers [ oddee ]
Thanks to Ezrail , who does n't pirate anything except movies , music and video games .
In reply to this post by Erik Engbrecht
[ hidden email ] >
I think Scala is very large compared to languages like Python or Java , but smaller than C ++.
By " large " I mean there are a lot of concepts in the language .
Just to list a few that are n't in Java ...
... I am always a bit uneasy when reading a list like this and arguing with it .
Yes , Scala has a lot of features but it tries very hard to make them facets of a uniform core which is not that large .
I realize that for a newcomer , in particular someone brought up in the C / Java tradition , Scala might look large .
For instance , objects / companion objects which you mention .
If you do an in - depth study of language specs , these are actually significantly simpler then Java 's static class members .
But static class members are known whereas companion objects are less well known , so they look more complex for most people .
Here 's a discussion of the other features you mention , in comparison to Java .
Higher kinded types
Yes , that 's definitely beyond Java .
This is the one feature where for a long time I was not sure whether it is worth the weight .
I have been leaning recently more towards believing that it will probably turn out to be quite useful .
... I am always a bit uneasy when reading a list like this and arguing with it .
Yes , Scala has a lot of features but it tries very hard to make them facets of a uniform core which is not that large .
I realize that for a newcomer , in particular someone brought up in the C / Java tradition , Scala might look large .
For instance , objects / companion objects which you mention .
If you do an in - depth study of language specs , these are actually significantly simpler then Java 's static class members .
But static class members are known whereas companion objects are less well known , so they look more complex for most people .
Here 's a discussion of the other features you mention , in comparison to Java .
Yes , that 's definitely beyond Java .
This is the one feature where for a long time I was not sure whether it is worth the weight .
I have been leaning recently more towards believing that it will probably turn out to be quite useful .
by - name method parameters vs special treatment of || , && , assert .
companion objects vs statics ( see above ) .
case classes vs enums ( arguably at least as complicated in both syntax and type checking ) .
structural types Yes .
closures / first - class functions
Yes , until Java gets them , in which case Java 's will be more complex , due to throws clauses .
for comprehensions vs extended for - loops , looks like pretty much the same thing to me .
mixin composition / multiple inheritence vs extends / implements .
Again , you might argure that traits simply drop some restrictions in interfaces .
self types yes , sort of .
Again we simply drop a restriction in Java on the type of ` this ' .
type inference
Not sure that adds complexity per se .
Java does it as well , but more clumsily .
Have you looked at the
<> notation in Java 7 ?
How is that simpler ?
currying
You might say , we just drop a restriction that functions have only one parameter list ...
OK I concede , it 's a yes .
pattern matching ( and associated unapply etc support machinery ) vs switches , which are getting more complex , and I always forget to put a break at the end of a case .
loose syntax for some language constructs , e.g. dropping parenthesis
Yes , but Java programmers have to learn that it's array.
length , but string .
length ( ) .
Not sure what is better .
specialization
That 's an annotation - driven optimization .
I do n't think we should count that
operator overloading Compared to the large number of synactically defined operators in Java I think that 's a net win .
multiple parameter lists for methods
That 's a duplicate of currying .
parameter lists that come before the method name ( colon prefixed operators )
You mean colon - suffixed , right ?
yes .
implicits ( parameters , conversions , values )
Yes , but they let us avoid a lot of special cases .
stable ids vs non-stable ids Linked to abstract types , yes .
default arguments
Yes .
lazy values
Vs special static member initialization , which also has lazy semantics .
added access qualifiers ( e.g. private [ this ] )
Vs dropping package level visibility .
XML as - a- language construct Yes .
That 's the second extension where in retrospect I am not sure it was a good thing overall .
When we started out with Scala , XML was the showcase where functional programming could be clearly shown to be useful .
At the time most people thought you could do everything with pure OOP .
So we added XML ..
Today , the case for FP is much stronger , and the case for XML has gotten weaker .
So maybe the inclusion of XML in Scala was a historical accident .
But anyway , it 's in , and will stay in .
... and I 'm probably forgeting some ...
So what does it drop from Java : static members
field / method dichotomy
object / primitive dichotomy I think you seriously underestimate the complexities in Java .
Just some points , it 's far from an exhaustive list
- 4 namespaces ( methods/fields/types / packages ) instead of two .
- different name resolution rules for each namespace .
- enums
- annotations ( yes Scala has them as well but they are much , much simpler than Java's )
- some tricky syntactic corner cases to disambiguate between casts and expressions .
- nasty explicit parameterization .
Does anyone even know how to pass a type parameter to a method in Java ?
- over - reliance on wildcards , leading to very hard to diagnose type errors .
- restrictions on arrays with generics .
- raw types ( !)
- restrictions that inner classes can only acces final members .
- super constructors .
- dataflow analyses for definite assigment and termination ( these are actually useful , but burn about 20 pages in the spec ) .
- throws clauses and the rules governing them
- auto-boxing
- complicated rules what kind of casts are allowed where
A lot of these points look simple , but start to read up on their precise rules , they are anything but .
I do n't want to get into a feature to feature comparison between languages .
My main point is , that , if you draw up a list of bullet points you can make any language look forbiddingly complex .
I certainly agree that if Java is your point of departure , then there is a lot of new stuff to learn in Scala .
My argument is that there is also a lot of stuff in Java that people take more or less for granted but that is pretty complicated under the covers ( and I argue from quite intimate experience here ) .
Some measures :
The grammar of Scala is actually smaller than the grammar of Java .
The typechecker of Scala is about the same length in lines of code as the type checker for Java , or the type checker for Haskell .
Of course , every type checker is written in its own language , so you can draw an infinite number of conclusions form that , all of the form :
Scala 's type system is X - times more complicated than Java 's or Haskell 's , but code written in the language
is X - times more compact
where X ranges from 0 to infinity .
Cheers
-- Martin
On Mon , May 17 , 2010 at 10:49 PM , Erik Engbrechtwrote :
" The parties agree to implement a full programme of measures to reverse the substantial erosion of civil liberties under the Labour government and roll back state intrusion . "
This sentence , published in the Conservative - Lib Dem coalition agreement , is one that civil libertarians have been waiting a long time for , and to hear David Cameron and Nick Clegg talk about their government handing back privacy and curbing the powers of the state was certainly a moment worth savouring .
One of the most frustrating parts of watching the attack on rights and liberties over the last 13 years has been the failure of anyone in government to admit what was happening .
The programme seemed to unfold with a demonic and silent energy all of its own .
But now in the agreement we have that acknowledgment , as well as an assurance that civil liberties will be at the heart of the new coalition government .
Although the Conservative manifesto touched on freedom , there can be no doubt that the list of substantive measures came from the Lib Dems and their freedom bill , which they published for the Convention on Modern Liberty last year .
Civil liberties , so often swept aside in the election debate , turned out to be a really useful binding agent between the two parties over the course of the negotiations of the last few days .
We only have the headlines at the moment but I understand that it will be filled out when Kenneth Clarke , the new justice secretary and his liberal colleagues come to work on what is called the freedom or great repeal bill , in one shape or another proposed by both parties .
But the main provisions are all there – the scrapping of the £ 4.5 bn ID card and the national identity register , the abolition of the £ 350 m
Children 's ContactPoint database and the outlawing of fingerprinting of children in schools without parental permission .
These will have campaigners like No2ID and Arch , the children 's rights charity , opening champagne .
But there is much more to celebrate .
The government has reasserted the important principle of innocence by " adopting the protections of the Scottish model for the DNA database " , which means that the DNA of people acquitted of less serious offences cannot be held by the police .
Just as we learn of two more applications for criminal trials to be heard without a jury , the new government announces : " The protection of historic freedoms through the defence of trial by jury . "
Jury trial is a vital symbol of democracy and it is good to see this established in the new government 's criminal justice regime .
It is also very important that we have rights restored on non-violent protest , which we must hope include the right to demonstrate without being photographed by the police Forward Intelligence Teams and that there are to be safeguards against the misuse of anti-terrorism legislation , which presumably will include restraints on stop and search and the abused surveillance powers given to over 700 agencies and local authorities under the RIPA .
As I read through the list , I have an exhilarated sense of restoration .
It is a relief to see the end of proposals that would have allowed the government to store and draw on the data from phone calls , emails , texts and net connections .
This will do more than just save money : it reverses the arrogance and sense of entitlement that the Labour government displayed towards personal privacy and those that claimed it was a key element in any democracy .
There are other important measures – especially the undertaking to review CCTV regulation , the commitment to extend the Freedom of Information
Act so to ensure greater transparency , and to review the libel laws , which have been abused by powerful individuals and corporations to stifle free speech and academic research .
The Lib Dems did a great deal of research on the proliferation of criminal offences under Labour , revealing that 3,500 new offences were created since 1997 .
We now have a guarantee of a mechanism to prevent this compulsive need to criminalise the public with laws that people were often ignorant of .
An important omission in this list is control orders , one of the defining monstrosities of Labour 's authoritarian regime , which provides for the house arrest of terror suspects without their being allowed to know of the evidence against them or to attend proceedings in which their cases are heard .
There is also no word about 28 - day pre-charge detention for terror suspects , or the vetting barring procedure , which both parties have criticised .
There will be an important test of the coalition 's real nature at the end of May , when the 28 - day pre-charge detention power can only be extended if the government lays a statutory instrument before parliament .
Otherwise the maximum period of pre-charge detention will revert to 14 days .
We must wait to see what is in the great repeal bill before passing judgment , but this is a promising start that touches on all the important areas and provides great hope for campaigners and activists , so long disdained by the Labour government as being either hysterical or crazed by individualism .
We know enough to say that real and important changes have already taken place , and that these could only have occurred under the new coalition .
Posted on June 15 , 2010
Gen. Petraeus Collapses At Senate Hearing On Afghanistan
Gen. David Petraeus collapses and passes out at Senate committee hearing on Afghanistan .
He walked out of the room after the incident .
VIDEO : Gen. Petraeus Returns To Hearing After Collapsing From Dehydration
Find an advocate
How to use the Find an Advocate tool
1. Click the button with the magnifying glass that says “ Search ”
2 . You can enter your town in the “ Location ” box , or enter a certain issue you need help with ( example : housing , family , on - reserve ) in the “ Text ” box .
Or , you can enter both to get specific results in your community .
The provincial resources that are listed are available to people living anywhere in British Columbia .
3 . To see more information about a listing click on the circular picture or the name of the service .
This will open a box that will give you a description of services and contact information to connect with an advocate .
Read more about the Find an Advocate tool here .
Gavin Smith was one of the most accomplished poker professionals without a bracelet going into the final table of event No. 44 ( $ 2,500 Mixed Hold ’em ) on Saturday at the 2010 World Series of Poker .
Smith crossed his name off the list that includes non-bracelet holders such as Patrik Antonius , Gus Hansen , Andy Bloch , Bertrand Grospellier and Nam Le , by capturing his first WSOP title and $ 268,238 in prize money .
Entering the final table of the 507 player event with the second largest stack gave Smith some ammunition to avoid another disappointing finish at the summer series .
Smith finished second in a 2007 $ 1,500 pot - limit hold ’em event .
Smith remained near the top of the chip counts throughout Saturday evening and entered heads - up play with a slight chip lead over Danny Hannawa .
The 2005 Mirage Poker Showdown champion needed two hours to finish off his opponent .
With the win Smith vaults into eighth place in the Card Player Player of the Year race .
Smith won a Fallsview Poker Classic no-limit hold ’em event in January for $ 188,743 .
The mixed hold ’em event had a major POY implication for another player .
Dwyte Pilgrim made yet another final table this year and now sits in fourth place in the standings .
Here are the final results :
1. Gavin Smith — $ 268,238
2. Danny Hannawa — $ 166,005
3. Timothy Finne — $ 110,324
4. Michael Michnik — $ 81,871
5. Jamie Rosen — $ 61,441
6. Jarred Solomon — $ 46,562
7. Daniel Idema — $ 35,601
8. Dwyte Pilgrim — $ 27,438
9. Mike Santoro — $ 21,304
Here are the elimination hands as featured in Card Player ’s live updates :
Mike Santoro Eliminated in 9th Place ( $ 21,304 )
Limit Hold’em
Mike Santoro bet and Michael Michnik made it three bets from the big blind .
Santoro called all in with the A J and was up against the 8 8 of Michnik .
The flop came Q 10 7 8 5 and Michnik was up to about 530,000 .
Dwyte Pilgrim Eliminated in 8th Place ( $ 27,438 )
Limit Hold’em
Jamie Rosen bet from the small blind and Dwyte Pilgrim called from the big blind .
The flop came J 10 8 and Rosen checked .
Pilgrim bet and Rosen called .
The Q fell on the turn .
Rosen checked and Pilgrim bet .
Rosen check - raised and Pilgrim called all in with the K 3 and was up against the Q 7 of Rosen .
The river bricked for Pilgrim with the 7 and Pilgrim hit the rail .
Rosen was up to 450,000 after the hand .
Daniel Idema Eliminated in 7th Place ( $ 35,601 )
No - Limit Hold’em
Jamie Rosen bet and action was folded to Daniel Idema .
Idema moved all in for 374,000 .
Timothy Finne called all in from the small blind for 313,000 .
Action was folded back to Rosen , who made the call .
Finne tabled the A K .
Rosen exposed pocket jacks and Idema tabled the A Q .
The flop was safe for Rosen .
However , Finne nailed a king on the turn to triple up and Rosen ’s jacks held against Idema , who was eliminated .
Finne was at 950,000 after the hand while Rosen fell to 380,000 .
Jarred Solomon Eliminated in 6th Place ( $ 46,562 )
Limit Hold’em
Jarred Solomon opened and Danny Hannawa raised .
Action was folded back to Solomon .
He made it four bets and Hannawa called .
The flop came K 7 5 and Solomon bet .
Hannawa raised .
Solomon reraised all in and Hannawa called .
Solomon tabled pocket queens and was way behind Hannawa ’s A - K .
The turn and river bricked for Solomon and he was out .
Hannawa was at 1,200,000 after the hand .
Jamie Rosen Eliminated in 5th Place ( $ 61,441 )
No - Limit Hold’em
Jamie Rosen opened to 59,000 and Danny Hannawa raised all in .
Rosen called 550,000 for his tournament life .
Hannawa exposed the A K while Rosen tabled the A J .
The board ran out 8 7 3 4 10 and Rosen was gone .
Hannawa was at 1,700,000 after the hand .
Michael Michnik Eliminated in 4th Place ( $ 81,871 )
Limit Hold’em
Michael Michnik bet and Gavin Smith three - bet .
Action was folded to Michnik who got the last of his chips into the middle .
Smith called and tabled pocket kings and was up against the Q J of his opponent .
The pocket kings held and Michnik was eliminated .
Smith was at 1,500,000 after the hand .
Timothy Finne Eliminated in 3rd Place ( $ 110,324 )
Limit Hold’em
Danny Hannawa raised and Timothy Finne got the last of his chips into the middle .
Action was back to Hannawa and he made the call .
Hannawa tabled the A J and was ahead against the 8 6 of Finne .
Hannawa paired his ace on the flop .
The turn and river bricked for Finne and he was out .
Danny Hannawa Eliminated in 2nd Place ( $ 166,005 )
Limit Hold’em
Danny Hannawa raised from the button and Gavin Smith reraised .
Hannawa called all in and exposed the 10 8 .
He had live cards versus the A Q of Smith .
The board ran out A K 2 J J and Hannawa was eliminated .
Eventbrite , and certain approved third parties , use functional , analytical and tracking cookies ( or similar technologies ) to understand your event preferences and provide you with a customized experience .
By closing this banner or by continuing to use Eventbrite , you agree .
For more information please review our cookie policy .
Invalid quantity .
Please enter a quantity of 1 or more .
The quantity you chose exceeds the quantity available .
Please enter your name .
Please enter an email address .
Please enter a valid email address .
Please enter your message or comments .
Please enter the code as shown on the image .
Please enter an email address .
Please enter a valid email address in the To : field .
Please enter a subject for your message .
Please enter a message .
You can only send this invitations to 10 email addresses at a time .
$ $$$ is not a properly formatted color .
Please use the format # RRGGBB for all colors .
Please limit your message to $ $ $$ characters .
There are currently £ £££ .
$ $$$ is not a valid email address .
Please enter a promotional code .
N/ A
Sold Out
Unavailable
Please enter a password with at least 8 characters .
You have exceeded the time limit and your reservation has been released .
The purpose of this time limit is to ensure that registration is available to as many people as possible .
We apologize for the inconvenience .
This option is not available anymore .
Please choose a different option .
Please read and accept the waiver .
All fields marked with * are required .
Please double check your email address .
The email address format does not appear valid .
Please double check your email address .
Your emails do not match .
$ $ $$ requires a number between £ £ £ £ and §§§ §
US Zipcodes need to be 5 digits .
Postal code may contain no more than 9 letter or number characters .
Please double check your website URL .
All fields marked with * are required .
Your card CSC needs to be 4 digits .
Please confirm your order :
$ $ $ $
You have selected to Pay by Check .
Click OK to confirm your order .
Please confirm your order :
$ $ $ $
You have selected to Pay at the Door .
Click OK to confirm your order .
Please confirm your order :
$ $ $ $
You have selected to Pay upon Receiving an Invoice .
Click OK to confirm your order .
Your card CSC needs to be 3 digits .
Sofort is only available in Germany and Austria .
Boleto Bancario is only available in Brazil .
OXXO is only available in Mexico .
PagoFacil is only available in Argentina .
Rapipago is only available in Argentina .
Please enter a valid IBAN number .
You need to accept to charge your bank account .
Your billing zip code needs to be 5 digits .
Please double check your CEP info .
The CEP format should be something like 12345-678 .
Please double check your tax identifier .
There was a problem saving your address .
There was a problem saving your card info .
There was a problem saving your personal information .
McAfee Secure sites help keep you safe from identity theft , card fraud , spyware , spam , viruses and online scams .
Copying Prohibited by Law - McAfee Secure is a Trademark of McAfee , Inc .
Unknown card type .
No card number provided .
card number is in invalid format .
Wrong card type or card number is invalid .
card number has an inappropriate number of digits .
Please enter numbers here .
Please enter an integer value .
Numbers must be less or equal to $ $ $ $
All the required fields have not been filled out .
Click OK to proceed without all the required information , or click Cancel to finish entering the missing data .
Job titles must be less than 50 characters .
There is currently an issue with card submission on Safari with iOS7 .
Please try again with a different browser or device .
Sorry , invalid event registration form .
Sorry , invalid event or database error .
Sorry , quantity must be a positive integer .
Sorry , you did not select a valid ticket .
Sorry , invalid event organizer email address .
Your order was canceled .
Thank You .
Your order has been successfully completed .
Your name and email address have been added to the list of event attendees .
Sorry , that option is sold out .
Sorry , that option is no longer available .
Sorry , you entered an invalid quantity .
Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase .
Sorry , you did not select any tickets to purchase .
Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase .
Sorry , there are no tickets left for the date you selected .
The tickets , ticket quantity or date and time you 've requested are no longer available , due to previous sales .
Please choose a different date , time or number of tickets and place your order again .
Sorry , one or more of the tickets you requested are no longer available for purchase .
Sorry , you need to select the date you want to attend .
Sorry , the promotional code you entered is not valid yet .
Sorry , the promotional code you entered has expired .
Sorry , the promotional code you entered is not valid .
Your session has expired .
Try ordering again .
Sorry , your requested ticket quantity exceeds the number provided by your promotional code .
Sorry , the payment type chosen is invalid for this event .
Sorry , there is only 1 ticket left for the date you selected .
Sorry , there are only 0 tickets left for the date you selected .
We 're sorry , this invitation is invalid .
We 're sorry , this invitation has already been used .
We 're sorry , you already have an order being processed for this event .
Please wait a few minutes and try again .
We 're sorry , there is a problem with your invitation .
Please try again .
Invalid quantity of tickets selected .
Invalid donation amount .
Sorry , the promotional code you entered has been claimed .
The payment was cancelled .
The payment was declined by the bank .
The payment failed .
The payment expired .
Bummer !
This team is full .
Please join a different team .
Sorry , the tickets you 've selected are no longer available .
We could n't process your order because you have this event open on multiple tabs in your browser .
Please try again with only one browser tab open .
Based on the quantity selected we are unable to seat your group together .
Please try a smaller quantity .
Your browser does not support picking your own seat .
Please select a quantity and the best available seats will be assigned to you .
Sorry , we can't complete your order in preview .
Please make your event live to complete your order .
Group registration has been disabled for this event .
Sorry , you cannot reserve seats when your event is in draft mode .
There was a problem submitting your order .
Code 17
Sorry , the payment type chosen is invalid for this event .
Sorry , your billing address was not saved properly , please try again .
Sorry , we experienced an internal error , please try again .
The captcha you entered is invalid .
Please try again .
Invalid card selected .
You have been logged out .
Sorry , your team selection was not valid .
It looks like this event organizer is unable to process your order through their payment processor .
Please try again later , or contact the organizer directly
Sorry , the payment type chosen is invalid for this event .
Sorry , your billing address was not saved properly , please try again .
Sorry , we experienced an internal error , please try again .
Please double check your email address .
The email address format does not appear valid .
State
Zip Code
Province
Postal Code
County
State / Territory
State / Province
State
This event has ended
None Free Meditation classes for lasting Physical , Mental and Spiritual wellness .
Science of Spirituality Multiple Dates Houston , TX Share Free Meditation classes for lasting Physical , Mental and Spiritual wellness .
Share Tweet Event Details
If we want to be more focused , more productive , more efficient , more loving , more happy everyday while not breaking a sweat and making it an effortless effort .
We will want to attend this meditation class and learn the technique of tapping into the eternal bliss .
For this class no prior meditation experience is necessary .
This is a spiritual practice , with no rites and rituals , focused on the inversion of our attention .
By learning to focus within we not only develop the power of concentration but also experience the mystical inner self .
Science of Spirituality , Houston is organizing this free meditation classes in a 2 part series , on last 2 Sundays of each month from April through October .
The classes are free of charge and the attendees will be learning the Sant Mat method of meditation also referred to as Surat Shabd Yoga .
For details please visit us at http://houstonsos.org/events/show/3
Have questions about Free Meditation classes for lasting Physical , Mental and Spiritual wellness .?
Where
University of St. Thomas - Anderson Hall
4000 Yoakum Blvd
Room 103
Houston , TX 77006
Multiple Dates
Add to my calendar
Outlook Calendar Google Calendar Yahoo !
Calendar iCal Calendar Organizer Science of Spirituality Science of Spirituality is a nonprofit organization , with centers worldwide , dedicated to providing a forum where people can learn meditation for its benefits of physical , mental , and emotional health , spiritual growth , finding one ’s purpose in life , discovering the inner treasures and enjoying inner spiritual experiences leading to the peace , happiness , and bliss from realizing their soul and their connection to the Divine .
Please contact , Email : shikha2573@yahoo.com or call 832-520-8072
View organizer profile
http://houstonsos.org/
454 past events on Eventbrite
Interested in hosting your own event ?
Join millions of people on Eventbrite .
Learn More
The news of Mexico 's mass grave was bad enough when it first broke :
At the end of May , Mexican authorities said they found about two dozen decomposing bodies in an abandoned silver mine outside the pretty town of Taxco in western Mexico .
But it 's gotten worse .
Guerrero State Attorney General Albertico Guinto said yesterday that the grisly tally has grown , with 55 bodies found deep in the shaft of the Concha mine , presumably the victims of drug traffickers .
Mr. Guinto said in a statement that the bodies are in various states of decay , indicating that the victims were killed at different times .
( See statement here . )
Only four have been identified , including the warden of a local jail .
IN PICTURES : Mexico 's drug war
This type of horror has increasingly found its way to tourist areas and quaint towns far away from the US - Mexico border , where most of the violence is played out between drug traffickers vying for control of drug routes serving the US market .
Tourism is down in Silver Town
Taxco , with its steep cobblestone streets and whitewashed homes , has long drawn tourists on the hunt for silver jewelry .
Silver has been the backbone of the economy in Taxco for centuries , first as it poured out of the local mines and today in the form of platerias , ( " silver - stores " ) which compete for American and European customers .
Elsa Ramirez , who works at Los Arcos hotel in Taxco , says that tourism numbers are already down , presumably because of the economic crisis .
The latest news could be another blow after H1N1 ( " swine flu " ) scared off tourists across Mexico last year .
According to the Guerrero government website , hotel occupancy was at only 16.5 percent in Taxco as of Monday , half the statewide average of 33.9 percent .
Ms. Ramirez says she hopes the mass grave found outside Taxco does not taint the image of the town .
“ People generalize the problem , ” she says .
“ This is an alarming situation , but it is very local … between people involved . ”
Gruesome drug war
Over 22,000 have been killed in drug - related violence since Dec. 2006 , when Mexican President Felipe Calderón dispatched the military to clamp down on organized crime .
The government says the majority of victims are drug traffickers themselves .
But news such as mass graves , beheadings , and public threats to authorities do little to improve Mexico´s image as a safe place to visit .
Over the weekend , outside the Caribbean resort of Cancún , six bodies were found in a cave .
And in the northern state of Durango , six decapitated men were found , along with two heads .
In Guerrero , which has also been dealing with violence between rival traffickers and federal officials including in the Pacific resort of Acapulco , authorities spent the past week rappelling down the 500 - foot shaft of the Concha mine .
The grave was found in late May , after a man arrested on organized crime charges in the nearby town of Iguala tipped off authorities .
Guinto said authorities will continue their search to determine whether additional bodies are down there .
The Associated Press reports that 15 have been arrested so far in the case .
IN PICTURES : Mexico 's drug war
Related stories :
Image caption Abortions are permitted after 24 weeks on medical grounds
There is no new evidence to show foetuses feel pain in the womb before 24 weeks , and so no reason to challenge the abortion limit , UK doctors say .
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists ' review said foetuses are " undeveloped and sedated " .
Brain connections are not fully formed , and the environment of the womb creates a state of induced sleep , like unconsciousness , they add .
Anti-abortion campaigners challenged the reports .
The issue of whether a foetus of 24 weeks or below can feel pain had been raised in the debate over whether the current time limit for abortion should be reduced .
The limit is set down in the 1967 Abortion Act , which covers all parts of the UK apart from Northern Ireland .
In Northern Ireland abortion is not permitted , unless the mother 's health is at risk .
An up - to - date analysis of evidence was recommended by MPs in a report from the Commons Science and Technology committee during the last parliament , and commissioned by the Department of Health .
Abortion grounds
The first of the college 's reviews examined whether or not a foetus can experience pain .
It found that nerve connections in the cortex , the area which processes responses to pain in the brain , does not form properly before 24 weeks .
The report states : " It can be concluded that the foetus can not experience pain in any sense prior to this gestation . "
Even after 24 weeks , the college concluded a foetus is naturally sedated and unconscious in the womb .
This could mean that late abortions , which are permitted for serious abnormalities or risks to the mother 's health , may not result in foetal suffering .
In addition , the report says anaesthetics , which can be risky , would not be required if a foetus requires surgery .
It also tried to define what mental and physical abnormalities could result in a " serious handicap " .
One per cent of abortions are carried out on these grounds .
Such terminations can take place after 24 weeks .
In the past , campaigners concerned about the abortion law have argued that this has been interpreted too widely to include relatively minor disabilities .
Have Your Say
This is one debate that will be totally polarised .
The status quo would be the best policy .
Graham Send us your comments
But the Royal College said in its second report that it would not be practical to try to produce a list of conditions that would constitute serious handicap because it was too difficult to predict the long - term impact of an abnormality on a child or on their family .
Supporters of the current abortion law have welcomed this report , arguing that even within one condition there may be a wide range of severity .
Ann Furedi , chief executive of the British Pregnancy Advisory Service ( BPAS ) , said taken together the two reports would provide a clear basis for difficult decisions .
" Women and doctors need to be able to make informed decisions based on what science says , not what advocates , whether pro-choice or anti-choice , wish it said . "
Anne Quesney , international policy and parliamentary adviser at Marie Stopes , which provides abortions , said : " The RCOG 's findings should give comfort and reassurance to any woman who finds herself in the extremely distressing position of having to make the decision to terminate a pregnancy at a later gestation . "
But those campaigning for further limits on abortion say these reports do not reflect the full debate on the issue .
Josephine Quintavalle of the campaign group Comment on Reproductive Ethics said : " I think both reports tell us more about the RCOG 's willing acceptance of late abortion than the reality of the scientific and ethical issues at stake . "
And a spokeswoman for charity Life said : " We believe that the issue of whether or not an unborn child feels pain is highly peripheral to the ethical debate over abortion .
" Our intrinsic dignity as human beings does not in any way depend on the extent of our ability to feel pain . "
A Downing Street spokeswoman said : " The Prime Minister 's view is that he will be led by the science . "
She added : " At the moment there are no plans to change the policy . "
In the last vote on abortion in Parliament in 2008 , MPs rejected a proposal to reduce the time limit for abortion from 24 weeks .
Wilbon takes another shot at Ovechkin
A non-hockey fanatic friend was at my house over the weekend , when the topic of the NHL playoffs came up .
" So , have we all pretty much agreed that Sidney Crosby is better than Alex Ovechkin ? " he asked .
Because I 'm stubborn , I chose to rephrase the statement .
" I think if you were starting an NHL team tomorrow and you could pick any one player , you 'd probably take Crosby first , " I said .
Look , no matter how you phrase the thing , it has n't really been the best 12 months for people who prefer the Ovechkin side in this silly debate .
Even so , I 'd be reluctant to single out a 24 - year old who had just finished his fifth pro season as the symbol of individual success and team failure .
Michael Wilbon , though , feels differently .
This is from his latest NBA column :
If LeBron James is going to be something other than the NBA version of Alex Ovechkin , which is to say a transcendent talent who collects all kinds of individual hardware but cannot win a championship , he needs to lead his team past Boston , and he should .
Hey now !
Well , James is older than Ovechkin , and has two more years as a pro , so if anything , you might want to warn Alex Ovechkin about the dangers of becoming the NHL version of LeBron James .
And while Ovechkin did n't shine in Game 7 , there are a few names that might be higher on the list of team problems than his .
In any case , I 'd prefer to turn the floor over to Bog reader Eric Fingerhut , who has a better response to my famous colleague :
" If LeBron James is going to be something other than the NBA version of Alex Ovechkin , which is to say a transcendent talent who collects all kinds of individual hardware but cannot win a championship , he needs to lead his team past Boston , and he should . "
Cannot ?
The guy is 24 and has been in the playoffs three times and now he CANNOT lead his team to the championship ?
I know there 's an instant gratification element to sports today that says if you do n't win a championship immediately , you 're a choking failure , but this is ridiculous .
Wilbon 's buddy Michael Jordan took seven years to win a title .
Mario Lemieux took seven .
LeBron is on year seven and has n't won one yet .
Elway , who Wilbon says is one of the greatest quarterbacks ever ( and I agree ) , did n't win a title until his final two seasons .
Gretzky took five years , and his first three playoff years were eerily similar to Ovechkin ( loss in first round , loss in second round , huge upset loss in first round after being winningest , highest - scoring team in the league ) .
The Gretzky example , of course , is the one that has been used most often in recent days .
Ed Frankovic did it well over at WNST :
Reference the 1981 - 82 Edmonton Oilers .
This Wayne Gretzky led club , after being knocked out in the first round in their initial playoff appearance in 1979 - 80 and then defeated in round two in the post season in 1980 - 81 , set the league on fire scoring an NHL record 417 goals !
The Oilers notched 111 points and won their division , over the Vancouver Canucks , by 34 points ( sound familiar ? ) but somehow got bounced in a best of five series by a Los Angeles Kings club that only amassed 63 points in the regular season ..... Edmonton Coach Glen
Sather stayed the course , made some minor personnel tweaks ( added forward Ken Linesman from Philadelphia ) , and in 1982 - 83 they went to the Finals only to lose to the Islanders .
But in 1984 and 1985 they were Stanley Cup Champions and in 1987 and 1988 they did that again .
Now , did the savvy observers know that was going to happen after Gretzky 's third - straight disappointing spring , which ended in the shocking upset to the Kings which sent Gretzky to the world championships in Europe ?
They apparently did not .
'' All those goals and points Gretzky got during the season , '' said Walt Tkaczuk , the Rangers ' assistant coach , in the New York Times .
'' They do n't mean much now . ''
UPI reported that the Edmonton papers " headlined the once - heralded Oilers as chokers and quitters . "
And The Washington Post wrote that " The Oilers learned a valuable lesson while losing their preliminary round series to Los Angeles .... [ The ] emphasis should be on teamwork , rather than individual statistics . "
'' We 've taken two steps forward and one step back , '' Gretzky said in his team 's defense .
'' It takes a big man to face his mistakes .
It takes a bigger man to correct his mistakes .
We 'll do that next year . ''
The Los Angeles crowd repeatedly chanted " Gretzky sucks " during the series , according to The Globe and Mail , which savaged Edmonton 's play in the deciding game :
At no time in last night 's embarrassment did the Oilers give any indication that they realized the gravity of the situation .
They repeatedly ignored the strategy devised for them by coach Glen Sather and were consistently beaten to the puck by the hungry Kings .
Even before the series was over , that paper 's columnist , Al Strachan , revealed that the tough questions were already beginning :
The Oilers have been following an accepted format all year and had a great deal of success .
But , when they suddenly found themselves on the short end of a 2 - 1 count in their National Hockey League elimination - round playoffs , the second - guessing began in earnest .
And , when the essence of a team is questioned , the uncertainty usually starts at the top before it filters down .
Therefore , the two names that surfaced most frequently were the names of the two men with the highest profile in the Edmonton organization - Wayne Gretzky and Glen Sather ....
It is becoming increasingly clear that , at some point , Gretzky is going to have to get into a fight .
Abhorrent as it may seem to those with pacifist natures and counterproductive as it may seem to fans who simply want Gretzky to score goals , it is a law of the NHL jungle that you only back down so far before turning and attacking .
It has been more than a year since Gretzky 's only NHL fight ....
Gretzky is a genuine superstar .
When you 're on a pinnacle as he is , you 're highly visible .
If you show the slightest flaw , everybody sees it .... Hockey , like any sport , can be a brutal business .
When things are going well , you can do nothing wrong .
When things are going poorly , watch your back .
Co-signed , Al , co-signed .
Tonight , AC360° is going to change up the regular routine .
For the first time ever , Anderson will be hosting 360° Friday - a fresh take on news on Friday nights .
It 's also the first time Anderson has done the program in front of a studio audience .
Not sure what you 're in for ?
Watch Anderson 's behind the scenes video of the making of 360° Friday below .
Yes , that was actor John Leguizamo giving Anderson some very important words of wisdom .
We 've also got Mary Matalin , Donna Brazile and Anna Deveare Smith on the show .
It 's sure to be a blast .
You definitely wo n't want to miss this !
Tune in tonight for 360° Friday at 10 pm ET and see what everyone will be talking about .
( CNN ) --
The morning the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded , a BP executive and a Transocean official argued over how to proceed with the drilling , rig survivors told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview .
The survivors ' account paints perhaps the most detailed picture yet of what happened on the deepwater rig -- and the possible causes of the April 20 explosion .
The BP official wanted workers to replace heavy mud , used to keep the well 's pressure down , with lighter seawater to help speed a process that was costing an estimated $ 750,000 a day and was already running five weeks late , rig survivors told CNN .
BP won the argument , said Doug Brown , the rig 's chief mechanic .
" He basically said , ' Well , this is how it 's gonna be . ' "
" That 's what the big argument was about , " added Daniel Barron III .
Shortly after the exchange , chief driller Dewey Revette expressed concern and opposition too , the workers said , and on the drilling floor , they chatted among themselves .
" I do n't ever remember doing this , " they said , according to Barron .
" I think that 's why Dewey was so reluctant to try to do it , " Barron said , " because he did n't feel it was the right way to have things done . "
Revette was among the 11 workers killed when the rig exploded that night .
In the CNN interviews , the workers described a corporate culture of cutting staff and ignoring warning signs ahead of the blast .
They said BP routinely cut corners and pushed ahead despite concerns about safety .
The rig survivors also said it was always understood that you could get fired if you raised safety concerns that might delay drilling .
Some co-workers had been fired for speaking out , they said .
It can cost up to $ 1 million a day to operate a deepwater rig , according to industry experts .
Safety was " almost used as a crutch by the company , " Barron said .
He said he was once scolded for standing on a bucket on the rig , yet the next day , Transocean ordered a crane to continue operating amid high winds , against its own policies .
" It 's like they used it against us -- the safety policies -- you know , to their advantage .
" I do n't think there was ever a plan set in place , because no one ever thought this was gonna ever happen , " he added .
BP spokesman Robert Wine would not comment on specific allegations , saying the company has to " wait for the investigations to be completed .
We can't prejudge them . "
" BP 's priority is always safety , " he said .
Transocean , the world 's largest offshore drilling contractor , said its top priority is safety .
" There is no scenario or circumstance under which it will be compromised , " the company said in a written statement .
" So critical is safety at Transocean that every crew member has stop - work authority , a real - time method by which all work is halted should any employee suspect an unsafe situation or operation . "
In Washington on Tuesday , Rep. Nick Rahall , the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee , sought more answers .
In a letter to Steven Newman , CEO of Transocean , Rahall said records from the rig indicate 18 people at work on the second shift with " zero engineers , electricians , mechanics or subsea supervisors " on duty the night of the explosion .
Rahall added that payroll records show 20 crewmen , including seven of the 11 men who died , had worked a 24 - hour shift six days before the explosion .
Rig workers typically work 12 - hour days .
" Although these reports do not provide a complete picture of who exactly was working during the time of the explosion and in the days leading up to it , when combined with the ongoing BP internal investigation that suggests that inattentiveness may have been a contributing factor in the disaster , I have serious questions about whether enough people were working on the night of April 20 to adequately handle the complex operations that were being performed , or if crew fatigue caused by extended shifts may have played a role , " wrote Rahall , D - West Virginia , the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee .
Rahall called on the company to give his committee more detailed logs and a further explanation of its staffing -- a request Transocean said it would meet .
But Transocean said no worker put in a 24 - hour day , and the documents Rahall cited did n't tell the whole picture .
Daily drilling reports track operations and " certain personnel , " it said , " but does not use them to catalog complete crew shifts or the actual hours worked by each crewmember . "
" At the time of the accident , the Deepwater Horizon and its crew had compiled seven consecutive years of operations without a single lost - time safety incident , " the company said in a written statement .
" The vessel was properly and professionally manned ; there was no shortage of technical expertise , nor did any crewmember work a 24 - hour shift . "
CNN was given access to individual time sheets that appear to back up Transocean 's claim that no employees worked 24 - hour shifts on April 14 , six days before the explosion that eventually sank the rig .
Other documents reviewed by CNN seem to indicate that additional salaried workers may have been on the job that do n't show up on time sheets , possibly refuting the committee 's claim the rig was shortstaffed on April 20 .
The rig workers have filed a negligence suit against BP , Transocean , oil field services contractor Halliburton and other companies involved with the deepwater rig .
" I 've seen gross negligence , and this conduct is criminal , " said Steve Gordon , the lawyer representing the men .
" There 's a crime scene sitting 5,000 feet below the water . "
Brown , the rig 's mechanic , had traveled with the rig from South Korea , where it was made nearly a decade ago .
He had seen the mechanical crew get downsized over the years .
Yet as the rig aged , the engines began having more problems .
" It became overwhelming , " he said .
" We could n't keep up with the flow of it .
...
We constantly over the years kept telling them , ' Hey , we need more help back here . '
" They pretty much just said , ' Well , we 'll look into it . ' "
About nine months ago , Brown said , he got an additional first engineer , yet the crew was still overloaded with work .
Even more alarming , the rig survivors said , was the amount of resistance the well was giving them .
" We had problems with it from the day we got on , " Matthew Jacobs said .
Nearly every day , Jacobs said , " we had problems with that well . "
Barron said it was like an eerie cloud hung over the well being dug 5,000 feet into the sea .
" There was always like an ominous feeling , " he said .
" This well did not want to be drilled .
...
It just seemed like we were messing with Mother Nature . "
At times , the drill got stuck .
Many times , it " kicked , " meaning gas was shooting back through the mud at an alarming rate .
" I 've seen a lot of gas coming up from muds on different wells , and the highest I 've ever seen in my 11 years was 1,500 units .
And this well gave us 3,000 , " Brown said .
" I 've never been on a well with that high of gas coming out of the mud .
That was kind of letting me know this well was something to be reckoned with . "
It all came to a head at 9:56 p.m. , when the first of three explosions rocked Deepwater Horizon , 52 miles southeast of Venice , Louisiana , with 126 people aboard .
Tiles fell from the ceiling , walls collapsed , and people ran for their lives .
It reminded Matt Jacobs of the movie " Titanic . "
" It looked like you was looking at the face of death , " he said .
" You could hear it , see it , smell it . "
He scrambled to the lifeboat deck .
Jacobs had been trained to fight fires aboard the rig .
But when he looked at the flames shooting 150 feet into the air , he knew there was nothing they could do .
" There is no way we can put that fire out , " he thought .
Jacobs hopped in a lifeboat .
He screamed for co-workers to jump aboard .
A second explosion rocked the rig .
The lifeboat , still suspended in the air , went into a free fall of about 3 feet .
" Here I am on a lifeboat that 's supposed to help me get off this rig , " Jacobs thought .
" And I 'm gonna wind up dying . "
He bowed his head and prayed .
Now , 50 days later , the survivors are telling their stories .
It 's become part of their everyday lives .
They can't shake what happened that day , even when they close their eyes at night .
" It 's like being in a neverending nightmare , " Brown said .
" You dream about it .
You see it in your sleep .
Then , we wake up in the morning , and we realize it 's not a dream .
It 's real .
...
It does n't end for us . "
CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .
This piece is part of a CNN Special Investigations Unit project .
His Zero Gravity Corporation lets the public experience weightlessness during parabolic flight , and his company Space Adventures has taken four tourists to the International Space Station .
But space entrepreneur Peter Diamandis may be best known as the Chairman and CEO of the X PRIZE Foundation , which in 2004 awarded the $ 10 million Ansari X PRIZE to aviation icon Burt Rutan , whose SpaceShipOne was the first private , manned spacecraft to reach suborbital space twice within two weeks .
Diamandis is on a mission to open space for all humanity , and he embraces the risk inherent to such an undertaking .
" A true breakthrough requires tremendous levels of risk , " says Diamandis .
" It 's really in the entrepreneurial sector that people are willing to risk their lives , risk their fortunes , their reputations , to do something they fundamentally believe they can do . "
Diamandis is now developing X PRIZES in a variety of fields , including education and medicine .
Produced and interviewed by Ted Balaker ; filmed by Hawk Jensen and Alex Manning ; edited by Jensen and Paul Detrick .
Approximately 10 minutes long .
Scroll down for downloadable iPod , HD , and audio versions .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's
YouTube page and receive automatic notification when new material goes live .
Iranian - Americans Reported Among Most Highly Educated in U.S .
1/26/04By Phyllis McIntosh , Washington File Special Correspondent
Washington -- Iranian - Americans are far more numerous in the United States than census data indicate and are among the most highly educated people in the country , according to research by the Iranian Studies Group , an independent academic organization , at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
The group estimates that the actual number of Iranian - Americans may top 691,000 -- more than twice the figure of 338,000 cited in the 2000 U.S. census .
According to the latest census data available , more than one in four Iranian - Americans holds a master 's or doctoral degree , the highest rate among 67 ethnic groups studied .
With their high level of educational attainment and a median family income 20 percent higher than the national average , Iranian - Americans contribute substantially to the U.S. economy .
Through surveys of Fortune 500 companies and other major corporations , the researchers identified more than 50 Iranian - Americans in senior leadership positions at companies with more than $ 200 million in asset value , including General Electric , AT&T , Verizon , Intel , Cisco , Motorola , Oracle , Nortel Networks , Lucent Technologies , and eBay .
Fortune magazine ranks Pierre Omidyar , founder and chairman of the board of eBay , the wildly popular online auction company , as the second richest American entrepreneur under age 40 .
Iranian - Americans are also prominent in academia .
According to a preliminary list compiled by ISG , there are more than 500 Iranian - American professors teaching and doing research at top - ranked U.S. universities , including MIT , Harvard , Yale , Princeton , Carnegie Mellon , the University of California system ( Berkeley , UCLA , etc. ) , Stanford , the University of Southern California , Georgia Tech , University of Wisconsin , University of Michigan , University of Illinois , University of Maryland , California Institute of Technology , Boston University , George Washington University , and hundreds of other universities and colleges throughout the United States .
The Iranian Studies Group ( ISG ) , founded in 2002 by a group of Iranian Ph.D. candidates enrolled at MIT , analyzes social , economic , and political issues involving Iran and Iranians .
The group began compiling statistics on the Iranian - American community at the request of Iranian associations and community leaders in the United States who do not have the time or capacity to conduct such research .
The ISG arrived at its population estimate of 691,000 Iranian - Americans by assembling a list of 100 family names from the national university examination database in Iran , then conducting a computer analysis of U.S. white page telephone directories to count households with those names .
They then multiplied that total by 2.83 , the average number of individuals per Iranian - American household as reported in the 2000 census .
Overall census counts of Iranian - Americans may be low in part because many people are reluctant to identify their country of origin due to troubled relations between the United States and Iran over the past 25 years , says Ali Mostashari , one of the founders of the Iranian Studies Group .
Iranians have achieved a high level of success in the United States because unlike many immigrants , most left their homeland for social , political , or religious reasons , rather than in search of economic opportunity , Mostashari adds .
The two large waves of immigrants who came to the United States because of the 1979 revolution in Iran consisted mainly of people with education and assets , he notes .
" These were people who could make it to the U.S. and sustain themselves in the U.S.
It was a pre-selection , not your typical immigration where people come mainly for financial reasons , " he said .
In another recently issued report , the Iranian Studies Group has undertaken the mission of convincing Iranian - Americans to become more active participants in the American political process .
According to surveys in some major cities , fewer than 10 percent voted in the last presidential election .
The report cites the experiences of other ethnic groups , such as Israeli - Americans , Arab - Americans , and Cuban - Americans , to show how Iranians could use their collective voice to influence U.S. foreign policy regarding Iran and address the needs of the Iranian - American community .
In addition to its focus on Iranian - Americans , the ISG issues reports about topical issues in Iran , such as earthquake management , and publishes the Iran Analysis Quarterly , which features scholarly articles about social , political , and economic issues in Iran .
Through its Development Gateway Project , the group has established Internet links to some 400 articles representing a wide spectrum of views about Iranian development issues .
A lecture series brings experts from Iran and the United States to MIT to discuss a broad range of topics , such as The Fate of Local Democracy under the Islamic Republic , Nonviolent Struggle : Liberation Without Violence , Temporary Marriage and Women 's Rights , and Rethinking Persian Modernity .
More information about the Iranian Studies Group is available on its website , http://web.mit.edu/isg
In 1977 , a 21 - year - old Steve Jobs unveiled something the world had never seen before : a ready - to - program personal computer .
After powering the machine up , proud Apple II owners were confronted with a cryptic blinking cursor , awaiting instructions .
The Apple II was a clean slate , a device built – boldly – with no specific tasks in mind .
Yet , despite the cursor , you did not have to know how to write programs .
Instead , with a few keystrokes you could run software acquired from anyone , anywhere .
The Apple II was generative .
After the launch , Apple had no clue what would happen next , which meant that what happened was not limited by Mr Jobs ’ hunches .
Within two years , Dan Bricklin and Bob Frankston had released VisiCalc , the first digital spreadsheet , which ran on the Apple II .
Suddenly businesses around the world craved machines previously marketed only to hobbyists .
Apple IIs flew off the shelves .
The company had to conduct research to figure out why .
Thirty years later Apple gave us the iPhone .
It was easy to use , elegant and cool – and had lots of applications right out of the box .
But the company quietly dropped a fundamental feature , one signalled by the dropping of “ Computer ” from Apple Computer ’s name : the iPhone could not be programmed by outsiders .
“ We define everything that is on the phone , ” said Mr Jobs .
“ You do n’t want your phone to be like a PC .
The last thing you want is to have loaded three apps on your phone and then you go to make a call and it does n’t work any more . ”
The openness on which Apple had built its original empire had been completely reversed – but the spirit was still there among users .
Hackers vied to “ jailbreak ” the iPhone , running new apps on it despite Apple ’s desire to keep it closed .
Apple threatened to disable any phone that had been jailbroken , but then appeared to relent : a year after the iPhone ’s introduction , it launched the App Store .
Now outsiders could write software for the iPhone , setting the stage for a new round of revolutionary VisiCalcs – not to mention tens of thousands of simple apps such as iPhone Harmonica or the short - lived I Am Rich , which for $ 999.99 displayed a picture of a gem , just to show that the iPhone owner could afford the software .
But the App Store has a catch : app developers and their software must be approved by Apple .
If Apple does not like the app , for any reason , it is gone .
I Am Rich was axed from the Store after it was ridiculed in the press .
Another app , Freedom Time , never made it in .
It counted down the days to the end of George W. Bush ’s US presidency , and that was deemed too politically sensitive .
An e-mail reader was denied because it competed with Apple ’s own Mail app .
Imagine if Microsoft ’s Bill Gates had decreed that no other word processor but Word would be allowed to run on the Windows operating system .
Microsoft lost a decade - long competition lawsuit for far less proprietary behaviour .
Despite outsiders being invited to write software , the iPhone thus remains tightly tethered to its vendor – the way that the Kindle is controlled by Amazon .
George Orwell ’s 1984 was retroactively zapped from Kindles around the world after Amazon grew concerned that it had sold the book without permission .
To be sure , many rejected apps will not be missed .
( Only eight spendthrifts bought I Am Rich before it disappeared . )
And users can be protected from harmful software from suspect sources .
But consider : the world wide web started as , and remains , an app .
Its first versions were written by Tim Berners - Lee , a British computer scientist who was unaffiliated with any software or hardware vendor .
How worthy of approval would Wikipedia have seemed when it boasted only seven articles – dubiously hoping that the public would magically provide the rest ?
How threatened might today ’s content publishers feel by peer - to - peer apps that let iPhone users trade data from one phone to another ?
We know the answer to that : enough that they have persuaded Apple to exclude all such apps from the App Store .
It is tempting to think that a little outside software is better than none .
But what is fine for a single device may be bad for the ecosystem .
The iPhone ’s hybrid model of centrally controlled outside software is already moving beyond the smart phone .
This is the significance of the iPad .
It could have been built either like a small Apple Macintosh – open to any outside software – or as a big iPhone , controlled by Apple .
Apple went with the latter .
Attach a keyboard to it and it could replace a PC entirely – boasting plenty of new apps , but only as Apple deems them worthy .
If Apple is the gatekeeper to a device ’s uses , the governments of the world need knock on the door of only one office in Cupertino , California – Apple ’s headquarters – to demand changes to code or content .
Users no longer own or control the apps they run – they merely rent them minute by minute .
Hope lies in more balanced combinations of open and closed systems , such as that embodied by the traditional Apple Mac – or phones based on the Android operating system from the Open Handset Alliance , a consortium of hardware , software and telecoms companies .
Android Market is the approved counterpart to Apple ’s App Store but , in this case , users are also free to go off - roading , installing any code they like .
Android is a canary in the digital coal mine : will its more open model survive should people load suspect apps and find they cannot make calls any more ?
Mr Jobs ushered in the personal computer era and now he is trying to usher it out .
We should focus on preserving our freedoms , even as the devices we acquire become more attractive and easier to use .
The writer is professor of law at Harvard Law School and a founder of its Berkman Center for Internet & Society .
He is author of The Future of the Internet – and How to Stop It
" This is really unusual , " said Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman .
" Sometimes we see sex offenders do their time , and repeat the offense .
But it 's unusual only a few weeks after conviction to have the offender doing it again . "
READER COMMENTS ON
" Here We Go Again ( Again ) : 100 % Unverifiable E-Voting Systems Set for Use in PA , KY , Elsewhere ... "
( 22 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... anon said on 5/10/2010 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
Well they did get the part wrong about Ohio ditching iVotronics .
I do n't think any county in Ohio has ( except maybe one that was flooded and went to paper ballots )
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/10/2010 @ 2:10 pm PT ...
FWIW , Cuyahoga County OH ( Cleveland ) ditched their ES&S iVotronic touch - screens just prior to the 2008 election .
( Or were those Diebold touch - screens , now that I think of it ?
Have forgotten now , but they ditched the DREs and went to paper - ballot op - scan there , in any case . )
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 5/10/2010 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
Well , Brad , maybe when the voters read this book , they will get rid of those damn touchscreens :
http://www.amazon.com/Pr...id=1270518788&sr=8-1
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 5/10/2010 @ 8:08 pm PT ...
Kentucky 's decision is especially horrendous , given that election officials already have been convicted of gaming the very same machines that will be in use in the state .
Oh , well , you know , just a few bad apples in local contests , right ?....
Big sigh .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 5/10/2010 @ 10:39 pm PT ...
Brad , as you know these warnings are not being completely ignored in Pennsylvania .
There is a strong and vibrant election integrity community here and we have been working hard to get better voting systems .
We are very thankful to Jim Parsons and WTAE for continuing to shine the spotlight on the paperless DREs , and to VotePA 's partner VoteAllegheny for helping to spearhead this coverage .
Despite thousands of individuals and many advocacy organizations like VotePA urging otherwise , bad choices were made by a lot of Pennsylvania counties back in 2006 when paperless DREs were purchased under HAVA .
Sadly , despite our ongoing hard work , 50 of our 67 Pennsylvania counties still use those same paperless DREs today .
It just breaks my heart that we have been working persistently for over 5 years ( personally I sometimes work 60 hours a week or more for election integrity ) and we are still using these machines in Pennsylvania .
The voting systems purchased in 2006 are now entering their fifth year of life and are aging rapidly .
DRE failures will start to become more and more commonplace as these machines reach the end of their useful lives .
But Pennsylvania 's DREs are not likely to be replaced anytime soon , no matter how much good information VotePA or BradBlog or anyone else provides as to why DREs are not trustwortthy .
To put it simply , Pennsylvania is broke .
Whoever gets the governorship in this year 's election will enter office facing a state budget deficit of over $ 3 billion dollars .
Pennsylvania 's state and local governments are cutting back on everything from libraries to schools to snow removal .
There simply is n't any state or local money to buy new voting systems right now .
There are two possible ways out of this mess .
The longer , fallback path is for states like PA to start budgeting now toward replacement of the DREs a number of years down the road .
Although we would like to see change sooner , VotePA and other groups are working with our officials ( including some of our 2010 gubernatorial candidates ) to lay groundwork for this in Pennsylvania .
Without an influx of federal money this is currently our best hope , even though it will take years to replace the DREs this way and in the interim we may not be able to avoid some very difficult election failures .
Federal help is the other pathway to replacement of DREs with voter - verified paper ballots .
The fact remains that there IS a federal bill pending right now that would do much to correct these problems for PA , KY , and the rest of the country ; a bill that will phase out of DREs nationally and will even stop internet voting .
This bill is the Voter Confidence and Increased Accessibility Act HR2894 and S1431 .
Brad , I know you have n't liked this bill , but I urge you and everyone else to take a long and serious new look .
Realistically the alternative is more years of the status quo while we work within our cash - strapped states to budget for DRE replacement --- meaning more long years of states like Pennsylvania continuing to vote on aging , paperless DREs .
Your warnings have been clear , but so have ours .
When a future election blows up in Pennsylvania , nobody is going to blame
The BRAD BLOG for not sounding the alarm , but we sure as heck might wish then that we all had partnered more on realistic solutions to get these problems corrected sooner .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... James Laffrey said on 5/11/2010 @ 7:07 am PT ...
Brad , you are indeed very strong on covering elections .
Despite the fact that plenty of citizens openly and loudly oppose the paperless , proofless , elecronic voting machines , the march to total electronic voting continues .
Why ?
Let 's not waste our time and energy .
The answer to " why ? " is because this crime is coming from the top .
It is not from persuasive ciminal corporations bribing their way to sales .
It is not from selected politicians in positions of power who order the march to continue .
As the Democrats and Republicans are just the Left and Right arms of a criminal body , the brain is the man who actually controls the money .
Control of our Federal Reserve Bank .
Control of Goldman Sachs and every other big bank you can name .
( You notice how the media will name CEOs but never the actual owners ? )
The answer is an unAmerican man at the head of the wealthiest banking family in history .
Not Americans .
Brad , I do n't know if you 'll publish my comment if I name the family .
It starts with " R " and it is n't Rockefeller .
Here it is , along with how to fix it .
( Also linked at my name . )
http://www.EqualPartyUSA.net
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Kenneth Fingeret said on 5/11/2010 @ 7:13 am PT ...
Hello Brad , A very simple suggestion .
Paper ballots and hand counting .
Nuff said .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/11/2010 @ 7:56 pm PT ...
Hey Marybeth , I still say with all the un-noticed failures and the soon to be apparent aging failures ... why are n't we organizing more people to participate in actual physical counts ?
Seems to me the organizational process is to talk to the deaf ears instead of the people .
But , trust me your one of my heroes when it comes to trying !
Oh yeah , I 'm with 99 about reaching out to the misinformed t- baggers .
Go Bernie Sanders 90 sumpin to zip on the fed audit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/11/2010 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
Marybeth -
As ever , we all cannot thank you enough for your untiring advocacy for election integrity in PA !
With that said , a very quick response to just one or two of your points .
You wrote : Brad , I know you have n't liked this bill , but I urge you and everyone else to take a long and serious new look .
Hopefully you know that I 've kept up with , and have tried to be very fair with , every new version of the bill .
My analysis of the most recent introduced version , " A review of the good , the bad and the still ugly " , is here : Holt 's Election Reform Bill Edges Away From Disastrousness Prior to Introduction
' Final ' draft for introduction , committee process sees important improvement following criticism from BRAD BLOG last month ;
But substantive concerns still remain
The very serious problems still in the bill , as discussed in that article , have been shared with Holt 's office , and attempts have been made to work them out --- so far , to little avail .
But I 'm always happy to keep trying .
In the meantime , though I appreciate that the bill would make things better for PA voters , given the system you are forced to use now , there are still too many problems with the bill for * me * to be able to support it as currently written .
It 's certainly a GREAT deal better , as currently written , for PA , than it would have been had the bill in the * previous * section been passed as you had that then endorsed , since this version eventually bans DREs entirely , unlike the previous version which only replaced " paperless " DREs , with those which had " voter verifiable paper audit trails " ( VVPATs ) .
Both such systems are equally useless , in my opinion , and I can make the case that the DREs with VVPATs are even worse , for reasons that I wo n't bother going into here .
When a future election blows up in Pennsylvania , nobody is going to blame
The BRAD BLOG for not sounding the alarm , but we sure as heck might wish then that we all had partnered more on realistic solutions to get these problems corrected sooner .
I have , and will continue to partner with anybody who wants to fight for election integrity and transparency .
But fighting for federal legislation which arguably makes the situation worse , not better , for the country over all makes no sense .
At least not to me .
As you know , my mailbox and phone line are always open to you to discuss ways in which we can ALL work * together * to improve the current status quo .
And thank you again for ALL that you do --- EVEN on those points where you and I may not always see eye to eye on every single issue and / or strategy and / or nuance .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/11/2010 @ 8:17 pm PT ...
Ancient said @ 8 : Go Bernie Sanders 90 sumpin to zip on the fed audit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yup .
Though please note he was forced to change the bill ( water it down ) so that the audit would * only * be from Sep '08 onward , as opposed to a complete audit , as Ron Paul has passed in the House .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Kim Kaufman said on 5/11/2010 @ 10:08 pm PT ...
" At least they wo n't be able to say , as with 9/11 , as with Katrina , as with the BP disaster : " Who could have foreseen it ? " "
And might I add : the economidc meltdown that " no one " could have forseen ?
As for Audit the Fed : Paul does n't want to audit the Fed , he wants to get rid of it .
I still think that auditing what happened from Sept. 2008 on is a good first step .
What should be revealed from that --- although I have my doubts the Fed will actually comply --- should be enough to outrage and question and re-think the Fed .
I 'm not a proponent of getting rid of " the Fed " --- all non-third world countries have a Central Bank ---
I am a big proponent of getting rid of the secrecy of the Fed .
And having said all that , what I really want to say is that I 'm working on the census .
And NO " personally protected information " is to be emailed .
Even in just administrative emails among our group , our names are only initials .
So the Dept. of Commerce has decided that email is not safe for the census information but otherwise , email is good enough for the voters ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/11/2010 @ 10:10 pm PT ...
Well then , go Ron Paul !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/11/2010 @ 10:18 pm PT ...
aND AUDIT THE FED 100 YEARS BACK KIM .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/11/2010 @ 10:47 pm PT ...
Sheet ...oh what the bleep .
an that was ron paul ... okay ... everyone . :-)
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 9:11 am PT ...
My question this morning is ... anyone around who 's watched What the Bleep Do wE ( the summation sign ) ( k ) n( actualy the pi sign ) ow !?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 10:23 am PT ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 10:42 am PT ...
http://www.youtube.com/w...uaiA&feature=related
What 's his status about comin back into this country ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 10:54 am PT ...
Okay , this is it from me right now ... I 've got a list a bazillion mile long I gotta get done : http://www.youtube.com/w...yuc0&feature=related ;-)
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 11:25 am PT ...
I did n't have quite enough info ... yet from my last statement : http://emptywheel.firedoglake.com/
What do ya know ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 11:27 am PT ...
There should be a comma in there after yet .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/12/2010 @ 11:30 am PT ...
Oh crap it was supposed to be this article : http://emptywheel.firedo...s-terrorist-designation/
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... chabuka said on 5/16/2010 @ 1:11 pm PT ...
A Palestinian 15 - year - old boy who was said to have been killed in the Gaza Strip this week returned to his home safe and sound , it was reported Saturday .
Palestinian medical elements initially reported that Mohammed al - Farmawi was killed by IDF fire near Rafah .
According to the report , the teen approached the border fence near the Badhania airport and apparently tried to cross over into Israeli territory .
The IDF denied the report and said that dozens of Palestinians held protests in several locations near the border fence area in the Strip .
During one such protest soldiers fired towards several protestors ' legs after they refused to leave the site , but without causing casualties .
The teen returned home on Friday after apparently trying to cross over into Egypt via a smuggling tunnel , where he was kept for several days .
The Ma'an news agency reported that his family was overwhelmed with happiness at the news .
Palestinian sources said that the boy 's alleged death might have been related to " internal affairs . "
A source from the Palestinian Health Ministry said that they had received false reports from the field and had later declared that no body was found .
Image caption Rating agencies can influence fund managers about which bonds to hold
A European Commissioner has warned it may be necessary to further regulate the role of credit rating agencies .
Michel Barnier , in charge of revamping financial services , told the European Parliament he had been surprised by the rapid deterioration of Greece 's rating .
A new regime for agencies , demanding they explain how downgrade decisions are made , will begin in December and Mr Barnier said this may be strengthened .
He also said he was considering a new agency to rate governments ' credit .
' Considerable ' power
" I think we need to go further to look at the impact of the ratings on the financial system or economic system as a whole , " said Mr Barnier .
" The power of these agencies is quite considerable not only for companies but also for states , " he added .
Almost nothing has been done by governments , or central banks or regulators to break the de facto monopoly of S&P , Moodys and Fitch in the business of rating bonds Robert Peston , BBC Business editor
Who made rating agencies so powerful ?
" That 's why I asked for responsibility to be assumed in the work they are doing .
" If you look at Greece , for example , I was quite surprised by the quite rapid deterioration in rating . "
Ratings agency Standard & Poor 's downgraded Greek debt to " junk " , leaving it effectively cut off from the financial markets .
The three big agencies - Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch - occupy a position of power at the heart of global finance .
Sub - prime role
Critics of the rating agencies point out that they are so powerful that their judgements become self - fulfilling prophecies .
A downgrade can push fund managers into selling government bonds they hold , or refusing to buy newly issued bonds .
CREDIT RATING AGENCIES
A private sector firm that assigns credit ratings for issuers of debt
A credit rating takes into account the debt issuer 's ability to pay back its loan
That in turn affects the interest rate applied to the security ( eg a bond ) being issued
A credit downgrade can make it more expensive for a government to borrow money
That pushes down the price of the bonds and raises borrowing costs in future , which puts further strain on the government 's finances and could - theoretically - lead to further downgrades .
In recent months Greece has been fighting a desperate and unsuccessful battle to avoid this kind of vicious circle .
This has irked many officials in Brussels and , as a commissioner , Mr Barnier has the power to decide how rating agencies are allowed to do business .
Last year the big three of Standard & Poor 's , Fitch , and Moody 's admitted that their assessment of securities backed by sub - prime mortgages had turned out to be incorrect .
They had been accused of failing to spot the size and risk of the bad US housing debt that was resold around the world , causing multi-billion pound losses .
Image caption
The US owned Jaguar has a top speed of 1.75 petaflops
China is ramping up efforts to become the world 's supercomputing superpower .
Its Nebulae machine at the National Super Computer Center in Shenzhen , was ranked second on the biannual Top 500 supercomputer list .
For the first time , two Chinese supercomputers appear in the list of the top 10 fastest machines .
However , the US still dominates the list with more than half the Top 500 , including the world 's fastest , known as Jaguar .
The Cray computer , which is owned by the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , has a top speed of 1.75 petaflops .
One petaflop is the equivalent of 1,000 trillion calculations per second .
It is used by scientists conducting research in astrophysics , climate science and nuclear energy .
How fast is the Jaguar Supercomputer ?
The Jaguar supercomputer performs 1,750 trillion calculations a second .
How long does it take an average PC to match its performance in different time periods ?
Supercomputer time PC time 1 Second 1 Minute 1 Hour 1 Day Source : Oxford Supercomputing Centre / Intel
By comparison , China has 24 machines in the list .
Its fastest has a top speed of 1.20 petaflops , more than double the speed of its previous top supercomputer .
However , it has a theoretical top speed of nearly 3 petaflops , which would make it the fastest in the world .
The fastest machine in the UK - which has 38 supercomputers on the list - is housed at the University of Edinburgh .
It has a top speed of 0.27 petaflops .
" The Top 500 list definitely has an element of flag waving , " said Dr Jon Lockley , manager of the Oxford Supercomputing Centre .
Quick thinking
He said China was rapidly becoming a " player " in high performance computing .
Dawning , the company behind the fastest Chinese machine , is reportedly building an even faster machine for the National Supercomputer Center in Tianjin .
In addition , it is also developing home - grown silicon chips to power the behemoths .
" Their use of high - performance computers is really systematic of their industrial emergence , " Dr Lockley told BBC News .
The machines tend to be used for industrial research , such as aircraft design and petroleum exploration .
Dr Lockley said this was becoming increasingly common around the world .
" Whenever possible , everything is done in a supercomputer , " he said .
" Look at Formula One - it 's getting rid of all of its wind tunnels and replacing them with supercomputers .
It 's the same in the aerospace industry as well .
" It means you can all the modelling in the supercomputer and then do just one real world test . "
Many of the US machines , by contrast , are owned by the government and are used to monitor the nuclear weapon stockpile .
The spooks have got some pretty big machines Jon Lockley , Oxford Supercomputing Centre
The US has one other petaflop machine - owned by the US Department of Energy .
Roadrunner , as it is known , held the top spot until Jaguar displaced it in 2009 .
All others machines on the list run at so - called teraflop speeds .
A teraflop is the equivalent of one trillion calculations per second .
Spy machines
However , scientists are already thinking about so - called exascale machines which would be able to crunch through one quintillion ( one million trillion ) calculations per second .
An exascale computer has been proposed to process data from the Square Kilometre Array ( SKA ) , a series of thousands of telescopes spread over 3,000 km .
The telescope will be based in either Australia or South Africa .
" At that sort of size the challenge is trying to programme the machines , " " said Dr Lockley .
" It has to be fault tolerant - you can't have a situation where an entire task falls over if one bit fails . "
The top 500 list was published at the International Supercomputing Conference in Hamburg , Germany .
It ranks machines by speed .
However , according to Dr Lockley , determining which machine is the quickest is a difficult issue .
" It 's measured against a theoretical benchmark - if you ran a real - world application you might get a very different answer " .
It is also a voluntary list and therefore does not include all machines , such as those at the Oxford Supercomputing Centre and many classified machines owned by governments .
" The spooks have got some pretty big machines , " said Dr Lockley .
London , England ( CNN ) --
Creating renewable energy from whisky might sound like a harebrained scheme conceived at the end of a long evening drinking the amber nectar .
But an independently - owned Scottish distillery is hoping that the installation of a new biogas generator will prove to be a lasting moment of environmental clarity and help solve their energy problems .
This month , Bruichladdich -- one of eight distilleries to be found on the Scottish isle of Islay -- will take delivery of an anaerobic digester which will start turning their whisky waste into electricity .
Mark Reynier , owner of Bruichladdich Distillery , hopes the digester will meet around 80 percent of its electricity needs and save the company up to £ 120,000 ( $ 175,000 ) every year .
Reynier told CNN : " Our waste product is basically water left over after you 've stripped all the alcohol out .
It 's called , rather unromantically , pot ale . "
Every year , several hundred thousand liters of pot ale waste are taken away by a tanker and poured down a pipeline that feeds it into the Sound of Islay off the eastern coast of the island .
Its disposal is a costly business ( in the region of $ 30,000 annually ) and allied to rising energy costs it has forced the distillery to rethink how it sources its energy .
" We 've looked at biomass and green energies and dismissed them one by one as being completely impractical and uneconomic for an industrial purpose , " Reynier said .
" But one thing we can do is use this proven technology and generate biogas . "
Anaerobic digestion occurs when natural food stuffs decompose in the absence of oxygen .
The end product of this process creates methane which Reynier says will be fed into the generator and converted into green electricity .
The only by - product is water .
There has been a distillery at Bruichladdich ( pronounced " Brook - Laddie " ) on the shores of Loch Indaal since 188 , and when Reynier took on the business in 2000 he wanted to return it to its " artisan " roots .
" We wanted to take it back to distilling as it used to be , " he said .
So that means no coloring , no chill - filtering and all bottling is done on - site .
Furthermore , 40 percent of the 2,500 tons of locally grown barley used last year was organic .
Bruichladdich say they produce Scotland 's purest single malt using , where possible , original 19th century equipment .
In 2009 , they distilled 800,000 liters of whisky .
If the biogas trial proves a success , the pot ale that was pumped into the sea on a daily basis will instead be continuously fed into the digester creating something of a virtuous production circle .
But Reynier says transforming the distillery is n't about being " some sort of eco- warrior " but rather about just trying to be sensible .
" We are practical people -- you have to be on an island like this , " he said .
It 's a sentiment that is widely shared among the wider Scotch whisky industry according to David Williamson , a spokesman for the Scotch Whisky Association .
" It 's already a very green industry and we rely on the Scottish environment for our product , " Williamson told CNN .
" Biowaste is something that is at the heart of the industry 's plan to become as sustainable as possible . "
Near - death experiences are tricks of the mind triggered by an overload of carbon dioxide in the bloodstream , a new study suggests .
Many people who have recovered from life - threatening injuries have said they experienced their lives flashing before their eyes , saw bright lights , left their bodies , or encountered angels or dead loved ones .
In the new study , researchers investigated whether different levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide — the main blood gases — play a role in the mysterious phenomenon .
The team studied 52 heart attack patients who had been admitted to three major hospitals and were eventually resuscitated .
Eleven of the patients reported near - death experiences .
During cardiac arrest and resuscitation , blood gases such as CO2 rise or fall because of the lack of circulation and breathing .
" We found that in those patients who experienced the phenomenon , blood carbon - dioxide levels were significantly higher than in those who did not , " said team member Zalika Klemenc - Ketis , of the University of Maribor in Slovenia .
CO2 Only Common Factor in Near - Death Experiences
Other factors , such a patient 's sex , age , or religious beliefs — or the time it took to revive them — had no bearing on whether the patients reported near - death experiences .
The drugs used during initial treatment — a suggested explanation for near - death experiences after heart attacks — also did n't seem to correlate with the sensations , according to the study authors .
How carbon dioxide might actually interact with the brain to produce near - death sensations was beyond the scope of the study , so for now " the exact pathophysiological mechanism for this is not known , " Klemenc - Ketis said .
However , people who have inhaled excess carbon dioxide or have been at high altitudes , which can raise the blood 's CO2 concentrations , have been known to have sensations similar to near - death experiences , she said .
( Related : " High - Altitude Suits Keep Pressure on Pilots . " )
A Glimpse of the Afterlife ?
The study is among the first to find a direct link between carbon dioxide in the blood and near - death experiences , or NDEs , said Christopher French , a psychologist at the Anomalistic Psychology Research Unit of the University of London , who was not involved in the new research .
The hospital study bolsters previous lab work done in the 1950s that found " the effects of hypercarbia [ abnormally high levels of CO2 in the blood ] were very similar to what we would now recognise as NDEs , " French said in an email .
The research also supports the argument that anything that disinhibits the brain — damages the brain 's ability to manage impulses — can produce near - death sensations , he said .
Physical brain injury , drugs , and delirium have all been associated with a disinhibited state , and CO2 overload is another potential trigger .
Still , not all scientists are convinced : " The one difficulty in arguing that CO2 is the cause is that in cardiac arrests , everybody has high CO2 but only 10 percent have NDEs , " said neuropsychiatrist Peter Fenwick of the Institute of Psychiatry at Kings College London .
What 's more , in heart attack patients , Fenwick said , " there is no coherent cerebral activity which could support consciousness , let alone an experience with the clarity of an NDE . "
The main alternative is that near - death experiences are " evidence of consciousness becoming separated from the physical substrate of the brain , possibly even a glimpse of an afterlife , " the University of London 's French noted .
But for him , at least , " the latest results argue strongly against such a hypothesis . "
The COSMO - SkyMed radar image taken yesterday is somewhat ominous – it shows nearly all of the slick from the ongoing Deepwater Horizon oil spill , and at 4,922 square miles ( 12,748 km2 ) it ’s significantly larger than it appeared on May 13 :
And we think we ’ve discovered an unrelated leak from a nearby platform that was installed back in 1984 .
The MMS ID # for this platform is 23051 ( look it up here ) .
A small , dark slick appears next to this platform on radar satellite images from April 26 , May 8 , and May 13 as well as this May 14 image .
It ’s not a major leak but it may indicate a chronic problem .
Somebody should check that out to make sure it does n’t get any worse .
HARARE , Zimbabwe —
Thirty years ago , on April 18 , 1980 , Zimbabwe was born amid joyous celebrations that the country had at last won its freedom from colonial rule after a protracted bush war .
Today there is little enthusiasm for the southern African nation ’s 30th anniversary of independence as it continues to languish under the iron fist of President Robert Mugabe and his Zanu - PF party .
Bereft of policies that might rescue the country from the morass to which he has consigned it , Mugabe , 86 , has turned to what he believes is a panacea : Bashing gays .
He thinks the issue of sexual preference should be excluded from the new constitution that is being drawn up by parties represented in the government of national unity .
“ It is not worthy of discussion , ” he declared at a ceremony to mark Women ’s Day recently .
“ Those that engage in such acts are insane .
We cannot tolerate this , otherwise the dead will rise against us . ”
It is 15 years since Mugabe made his notorious speech comparing homosexuals to pigs and dogs in front of a distinguished audience that included Nobel laureates attending a book fair whose theme was human rights .
Mugabe made it clear that under his rule gay people do n’t have any rights .
Vilified abroad as an ignorant bigot , Mugabe worked to build a domestic coalition against gay rights of church groups , traditional leaders and politicians of all persuasions .
Many were happy to climb aboard his bandwagon including whites and Indians .
Most analysts at the time missed the sub - text .
Mugabe was asserting his claim to be the authentic voice of African culture in contrast to the strange new “ rights ” enshrined in South Africa ’s draft constitution .
Mugabe paraded his narrow and exclusive nationalism as a direct rebuke to Nelson Mandela ’s inclusive “ Rainbow nation ” where gays were not just tolerated , but celebrated .
There was another dimension to Mugabe ’s 1995 speech made in the presence of Nigerian writer Wole Soyinka and South African author Nadine Gordimer , who had incensed Mugabe by attaching their names to a statement deploring the exclusion of Zimbabwean gays from the book fair .
He was taking a shot at the whole concept of the independent woman .
" Look at the strange things that happen when women choose their own careers , " he was saying of post - independence Zimbabwe .
Look what happens when they are released from what Camille Paglia called the tyranny of the reproductive cycle .
It was a message that resonated with the deeply conservative instincts of the country ’s leadership and its religious allies .
Mugabe ’s attack on civil society was applauded by many as a moral call to arms .
Fifteen years later the response is very different .
Civil society has been quick to assert the right of gay people to be included in the proposed constitution .
Very few voices have expressed solidarity with the president this time round .
Movement for Democratic Change leader and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , having at first been drawn into Mugabe ’s poisonous embrace on the issue , was quick to withdraw and emphasize the right of gay people to be included in the constitution - making process .
The alacrity with which he moved to correct a report in the official press that he supported Mugabe exposed the changing tide of public opinion .
Even church leaders , with the notable exception of a former Anglican bishop , declined to speak up in support of Mugabe .
“ It was as if people , without any particular support for gay rights , were saying , ‘ Well , if Mugabe thinks it ’s bad , it ca n’t be all bad , ’ ” one patron of an upscale shebeen in the capital , Harare , said of the president ’s latest foray .
Gay people are no longer intimidated .
The organization that drew Mugabe ’s fire in 1995 , Galz — Gays and Lesbians of Zimbabwe — recently held a party in a suburban house where they have their offices .
The event was attended by hundreds of young people in the 18 to 25 age group dancing the night away , completely oblivious to any threat .
“ Things have changed now , ” said one reveler , Shadreck .
“ The country no longer takes its lead from the old man . ”
The statement was greeted with laughter by his friends .
Nobody seems to care what Mugabe thinks any more .
And it shows .
I : jam > * I Wanna Get High > ** Ziggy Stardust > SWABLAR > Ripple , Into The Great Wide Open , Raffle Baby Bitch > Episode 1 ( Happy ) > Cocaine Blues , Raffle , Reba > Rufus > Rush > Rufus > ^ Reba > ^^ Catholic Girls > Reba
II : Raffle jam # , Dumb > ## Sundance > You Enjoy Myself > % Joe 's Garage > %%
You Enjoy Myself > @ Sundance , Girls > She Don't Use Jelly > Food For Thought > @@ Under The Bridge > $ Food For Thought > $ $ Over Exposure > + Paint It Black > Over Exposure > ++ Score > Golgi Apparatus > Divided Sky > & Golgi Apparatus > Son Of Simpleton >
Score
E : Question
Notes
Stag party for Ben Mitchell .
* joined ' The National Anthem ' ( Radiohead ) , playing on the PA .
** with ' Here Comes The Bride ' ( traditional ) and ' Tie The Knot ' ( Digital Underground ) teases .
^ with ' I Can See Clearly Now ' ( Johnny Nash ) and ' All Things Reconsidered ' ( Phish ) teases .
^^ with ' I Can See Clearly Now ' ( Johnny Nash ) , ' Tie The Knot ' ( Digital Underground ) , ' Simple ' ( Phish ) . and ' Tequila ' ( Chuck Rio ) teases .
# with ' Shake , Rattle ( Raffle ) and Roll ' ( Charles E. Calhoun ) , '( Do n't Fear ) The Reaper ( Raffle ) ' ( Blue Öyster Cult ) , and ' Ripple ' ( Grateful Dead ) teases .
# # with ' Rape Me ' ( Nirvana ) tease .
% with ' Silent Lucidity ' ( Queensrÿche ) tease .
% % with ' Happy Trails ' ( Dale Evans ) and ' Silent Lucidity ' ( Queensrÿche ) teases .
@ with ' May Fly Disarray ' ( The Breakfast ) tease ; with Ben Mitchell on vocals .
@@ with raffle as the first " thought " .
$ with Dave Pecoraro on vocals ; with ' The Message ' ( Grandmaster Flash ) and ' Tie The Knot ' ( Digital Underground ) teases .
$$ Thought 2 : Ben : " Never marry the girl that you fucked with vasoline . "
Tim : " Space City Affair does not condone this food for thought . "
+ with ' Wondrous Boat Ride ' ( Willy Wonka ) and ' Fish Heads ' ( Barnes & Barnes ) tease .
++ with ' Tie The Knot ' ( Digital Underground ) tease .
& intro only .
We 've already gotten an early peek at what 's in store for MeeGo on handsets courtesy of some leaked UI guidelines , and it looks like folks now wo n't have to wait too much longer to try it out for themselves -- Nokia has confirmed that the pre-alpha release will be available on June 30th .
That will be followed by the " fully productized " version sometime in October , which should also coincide with the release of some actual MeeGo - based handsets .
No further details beyond that just yet , but N900 users should be the first to get a taste of a true MeeGo handset experience -- despite Nokia 's lack of official support
And Broadway has acquired a vital youth audience .
Walk past the stage door of the St. James
Theater after a performance of “ American Idiot , ” the new musical based on the Green Day album of the same name , and you ’ll see teenagers crowding the barricades like bobby - soxers in the early heyday of Frank Sinatra .
It ’s the same deal with the current revival of “ Hair ” at the Al Hirschfeld Theater , which will close in two weeks after a surprisingly robust run of more than 500 performances .
“ We knew people of my generation would go for it  I ’m in my 50s , ” said Oskar Eustis , the artistic director of the Public Theater , under whose auspices the revival originated in 2008 at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park .
“ But I was shocked at how it immediately became this thing with young people .
There are dedicated youngsters who come back multiple times .
They ’re always the first ones who come up on stage at the end .
They actually call themselves ‘ Hairballs . ’ ” Last winter , Mr. Eustis and his fellow producers shrewdly took advantage of the big snowstorm of Feb. 10 , which closed schools citywide , by offering steeply discounted Snow Day tickets to anyone with a student ID .
The Broadway babies are not the passive , bused - in tourist young people of yore who went to see “ The Phantom of the Opera ” or “ A Chorus Line ” simply because it was what one did when visiting New York .
They ’re true believers for whom love of musicals brings happiness , transcendence , and , strangely enough , social acceptance .
Ask Fred Hechinger , a fourth grader at the Manhattan School for Children , which shows he has seen in the last year or so , and his response sounds like the A - B - C listings in The New York Times ’s arts section : “ ‘ Gypsy , ’ ‘ South Pacific , ’ ‘ Finian ’s Rainbow , ’ ‘ A Little Night Music , ’ ‘ Hair ’ three times .
A lot of Off - Broadway stuff , too . ”
Fred ’s theatergoing habit has the support of his parents , Paul and Sarah , and , more notably , his classmates .
“ When I was 5 , 6 , 7 , there were n’t as many kids seeing shows , but now most of them do , ” he said .
“ There are maybe , like , three kids in my school who do n’t like theater . ”
My daughter , 14 , is also a member of the genus Showpeople .
She has seen “ Hair ” four times .
She spends summers at a theater - arts sleepaway camp in the Catskills called Stagedoor Manor .
She not only watches “ Glee ” raptly , but also is sufficiently fluent in musical theater to have remarked , when the actor Jonathan Groff materialized in an April episode as a new romantic interest for Rachel , “ It ’s a ‘ Spring Awakening ’ reunion ! ” ( Mr. Groff and Ms. Michele starred in that Tony - winning Broadway show , which seems in retrospect as significant a cultural portent as “ High School Musical . ” )
THE Catholic Church , traditionally a Labor heartland , is fast colonising the Liberal Party .
A Herald analysis shows as many Catholics on the front bench of the Federal Opposition as that of the Government .
A poll of the federal cabinet and the shadow cabinet showed six Catholics in each , or about 30 per cent .
Catholics are 26 per cent of the general population .
The Leader of the Opposition , Tony Abbott , is a staunch Catholic who studied for the priesthood as a young man .
His shadow treasurer , Joe Hockey , is also a Catholic and recently gave a talk at the Sydney Institute on his religious beliefs , '' In Defence of God ' ' .
Both men were educated at Jesuit - run schools , as was the Opposition education spokesman , Christopher Pyne .
The Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd , was raised a Catholic but now attends Anglican services every Sunday .
When he was recently photographed leaving the Catholic Mary MacKillop Memorial Chapel in North Sydney , where he reportedly took Communion , Mr Abbott accused him of '' exploiting ' ' his religious beliefs to score political points .
Be Aware Of Labor Laws Before You Decide To Hire An Unpaid Intern
from the save - now , - pay - more - later dept
The training , even though it includes actual operation of the facilities of the employer , is similar to that which would be given in a vocational school or academic institution .
The idea here is basically that any work should be for training purposes only -- not for the sake of getting real work done at the company .
The training is for the benefit of the trainee .
This is generally true .
Interns are happy to work for no pay if it means that in the end , they can put a company 's name on their resume or even get a paid full - time job at the company .
The trainees do not displace regular employees , but work under close observation .
This implies that interns should n't be doing actual work that might displace a paid employee .
The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the trainees and on occasion the employer 's operations may actually be impeded .
When does n't an employer gain an advantage from having an intern ?
This is where many companies can get into trouble .
The definition of " immediate advantage " leaves a lot of room for interpretation .
The trainees are not necessarily entitled to a job at the completion of the training period .
Companies often use internships as " working interviews " where the intern is hired as an employee after the internship is over if they perform well .
The employer and the trainee understand that the trainees are not entitled to wages for the time spent in training .
This is generally not a problem , since both parties should agree to the scope of the internship .
Many companies have long been taking advantage of young , bright - eyed students and recent college graduates who are eager to work for nothing ( or practically nothing ) in the hopes that their work experience will eventually land them their dream job .
But is it legal for a for - profit company to not pay a full - time intern ?
Talk to your lawyer , but generally , the answer is no .
Only government and non-profit organizations are allowed to use unpaid interns without worrying about breaking the law .
Given the rampant ( ab) use of unpaid interns during this recession , the Department of Labor is starting to crack down on employers who do n't pay their interns fairly .
The confusing part , though , is that labor laws are somewhat outdated and open to interpretation .
The six federal legal criteria that must be met in order to hire an unpaid intern are based on a 1947 Supreme Court decision about whether the Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ) was applicable to prospective train yard brakemen .
( Hmm .
When was the last time you heard about a good train yard internship ? )
Under the current FLSA , employers can hire an unpaid intern if all of the following conditions are met :
So it 's quite difficult to meet all six criteria , and hiring an unpaid intern based on a loose interpretation of the laws could cost employers more than just compensating for minimum wage and overtime .
Think potentially huge fines and legal bills -- as well as long drawn - out legal proceedings .
However , since the enforcement of the intern criteria has been lax for some time , many companies have n't put too much thought into their internship programs .
Some startups have even incorporated somewhat questionable unpaid internship work into their business models .
Just last year , the Huffington Post famously had an auction where the winner actually paid $ 13,000 ( which went to charity ) for an intern position .
Clearly , the rules governing internships have not been well - established according to the ' modern ' workforce .
The upshot of all this , though , is that unpaid interns have hidden costs and liabilities -- which can be significant .
Labor laws seem to favor the benefit of the intern and seem to frown upon companies that might be trying to just get free labor .
But besides running afoul of labor laws , unpaid interns without proper supervision can also come back to haunt employers , especially when interns represent the company and are trusted with interacting with clients .
Add the Department of Labor looking into the issue , and there are even more reasons to double - check and make sure internship programs make sense .
Filed Under : employers , internships , labor
The film was a classic piece of 1980s teen cinema framed against the paranoid geopolitics of the cold war .
Red Dawn starred Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen as all - American teens leading an armed resistance movement against Soviet troops who had invaded the US .
Feeding on Hollywood 's recent appetite for recycling old films , Red Dawn is being remade with a handsome new cast .
But there is one vital difference : this time the invading communist army that takes over America is Chinese .
The new - look enemy reflects the changes that have swept the world since the fall of the Berlin Wall .
First , the Soviet Union no longer exists , thus hampering any plot driven by its invasion of America .
Second , a rich vein of paranoia about the rise of Chinese economic might now runs through American politics .
That would explain the viral spread of leaked stills from the movie showing mocked - up Chinese propaganda posters draped over a " Chinese / American Friendship Centre " .
The posters play on American fears about their nation 's declining economic influence .
" Helping You Back On Your Feet " states one , showing a Chinese hand reaching down to pull up an American one .
" Rebuilding Your Reputation " states another , with a Chinese communist star imposed over a map of America that has a large crack down the middle .
The film , due to be released later this year , is being shot on a budget of $ 75 m and , like the original , features a roster of emerging stars rather than established A - list names .
They include Connor Cruise , the son of Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman ; Chris Hemsworth , who was in the last Star Trek movie ; and Isabel Lucas , who starred in Transformers .
However , the appeal of the film lies not in its acting talent but , like the first one , in its ability to reflect the worries of a troubled nation .
The original Red Dawn , written by John Milius , who wrote the original script for Apocalypse Now , was a huge hit on its release in 1984 .
Its hyper - patriotism and depiction of ordinary American teenagers fighting off the " red menace " chimed with the mood of Ronald Reagan 's America .
It might not have been subtle , but it was a box - office hit that went on to be named a favourite conservative movie of all time .
The hunt for Saddam Hussein after the invasion of Iraq in 2003 was named Operation Red Dawn in tribute to the movie .
The new Red Dawn is expected to follow in those cultural footsteps , albeit with a different enemy and reflecting not a nuclear - armed global stand - off , but rather America 's fears over economic decline .
The plot appears fairly close to the original .
The invading Chinese troops use the pretext of America 's economic problems to invade .
Patriotic young people fight back against China 's People 's Liberation Army and the collaborators who work with them .
The Awl , a New York - based satirical website , last week obtained a leaked early copy of the script , which contained numerous scenes of high patriotism and a soundtrack that featured country star Toby Keith singing the song Courtesy of the Red , White and Blue .
That theme has been taken up by the Asian media too .
" US paranoia seen in new Red Dawn , " said a headline on the Asia Times 's website .
Writer Ben Shobert went on to note : " The movie and its villains say much about current insecurities . "
But cultural paranoia is only effective if based on some level of reality , and there is little doubt that America now regards the rise of China as the next major threat to its global dominance .
Over the past decade China has pursued an active foreign policy in Africa and Latin America .
Its rapidly growing economy is quickly catching up with the United States and it has recovered much quicker from the recent recession , which the US is still feeling .
Such things have led to a strain of anti-Chinese sentiment in some parts of American politics and the media .
Those themes are played on in the new film , especially when depicting the surprise Chinese military attack that takes over the country .
Yet perhaps the strongest symbol of America 's decline and China 's rise in the Red Dawn remake does not come from the movie 's sets or script or even its plot .
It comes from the fact that much of the movie was shot in and around the battered industrial city of Detroit .
The city 's emptying streets and many abandoned factories were seen as the perfect real - life backdrop for the city 's war scenes .
WASHINGTON — Senator Lindsey Graham , one of the chief sponsors of a nascent plan to address energy and climate change in the Senate , said Friday that the proposal had no chance of passage in the near term and called for a “ pause ” in consideration of the issue .
But his two co-sponsors , Senators John Kerry , Democrat of Massachusetts , and Joseph I. Lieberman , independent of Connecticut , vowed to press forward with a broad energy and global warming plan next week .
They have been working with the White House and an array of business and environmental groups to fashion a package designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , reduce dependence on foreign oil and create millions of clean - energy jobs .
But Mr. Graham , Republican of South Carolina , said that the current political climate had made it impossible to consider such a difficult subject .
In a statement Friday , he said that the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico had heightened concern about expanded offshore drilling , which he considers a central component of any energy legislation .
Mr. Graham also said that Democratic insistence on taking up immigration policy before energy had chilled his enthusiasm for any global warming measure .
Without the support of Mr. Graham and at least a handful of Republicans , the measure may well be dead for the year .
Mr. Graham praised Mr. Kerry and Mr. Lieberman for their efforts , but said he would not join them .
Exposure to specific bacteria in the environment , already believed to have antidepressant qualities , could increase learning behavior according to research presented today at the 110th General Meeting of the American Society for Microbiology in San Diego .
" Mycobacterium vaccae is a natural soil bacterium which people likely ingest or breath in when they spend time in nature , " says Dorothy Matthews of The Sage Colleges in Troy , New York , who conducted the research with her colleague Susan Jenks .
Previous research studies on M. vaccae showed that heat - killed bacteria injected into mice stimulated growth of some neurons in the brain that resulted in increased levels of serotonin and decreased anxiety .
" Since serotonin plays a role in learning we wondered if live M. vaccae could improve learning in mice , " says Matthews .
Matthews and Jenks fed live bacteria to mice and assessed their ability to navigate a maze compared to control mice that were not fed the bacteria .
" We found that mice that were fed live M. vaccae navigated the maze twice as fast and with less demonstrated anxiety behaviors as control mice , " says Matthews .
In a second experiment the bacteria were removed from the diet of the experimental mice and they were retested .
While the mice ran the maze slower than they did when they were ingesting the bacteria , on average they were still faster than the controls .
A final test was given to the mice after three weeks ' rest .
While the experimental mice continued to navigate the maze faster than the controls , the results were no longer statistically significant , suggesting the effect is temporary .
" This research suggests that M. vaccae may play a role in anxiety and learning in mammals , " says Matthews .
" It is interesting to speculate that creating learning environments in schools that include time in the outdoors where M. vaccae is present may decrease anxiety and improve the ability to learn new tasks . "
Explore further Getting dirty may lift your mood
Provided by American Society for Microbiology
By Alexander Abad-Santos
The Brooklyn Girls are back .
I Heart Brooklyn Girls , a pin-up calendar featuring lesbian women living in Brooklyn , took a two - year hiatus as a result of the recession .
But the trio of Brooklynites behind the project has brought the calendar back for 2011 .
Last ...
Bank of England : Banks must stop fudging figures to look better than they really are
Banks should stop ' window dressing ' their accounts by manipulating transactions to flatter their results , according to the Bank of England .
It wants institutions to own up to flurries of short - term activity around their reporting dates that aim to make their figures look better than they really are .
The Bank , which is being given back the power to regulate banks , warned that if institutions continue to ' distort their financial reports , explicit sanctions on banks , and their boards , could be considered ' .
Bank of England in London , Britain , 21 April 2008 .
The Bank of England has announced details of a 63 billion euro plan to help prevent the credit crisis causing more damage to the British banking system and economy .
The package , under which banks for the next three years will be able to swap their riskier mortgage - backed assets for rock - solid government bonds , is seen as the most ambitious in the bankës history .
EPA / ANDY RAIN
Squarely in the Bank 's sights are a range of transactions including those involving loans to and deposits from other banks , funding through the lending of securities and the use of derivatives .
In its latest Financial Stability Report , the Bank explicitly cited failed American investment bank Lehman Brothers as an example of an institution that routinely window dressed its figures .
It warns that relying solely on figures at the end of reporting periods can cause problems , not only because of business volatility in between times , but because of ' deliberate actions by banks to tailor reports at period - end ' .
The Bank suggests that auditors ' could be given an explicit responsibility to check for and report on signs of window - dressing actions ' .
It fears window dressing could damage investors ' confidence .
Between now and the end of 2012 , British banks need to refinance - 750 billion of loans .
The Bank wants as much of that as possible to come from domestic investment institutions with low borrowings , rather than from highly - geared , foreign investors making short - term investments .
But the Bank fears this will not happen if domestic investors lack confidence in the reporting of financial institutions .
It also wants banks to issue longer - term debt , which is more appealing to the domestic market as it seeks a durable investment , and to set out a timetable for debt issues , as has long happened with Government bonds , or gilts .
A spokesman for the British Bankers ' Association said : ' British banks fully understand the need for transparency and are committed to the highest possible accounting standards . '
It is understood that the BBA believes the problem of window dressing of accounts is largely historical .
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 19 June 2010
On the 6th of April 2009 , an earthquake registering 5.8 on the richter scale hit the town of L’Aquila in Abruzzo , Italy .
This was a tragedy , and hundreds of people died .
It would be great if we could have firm predictions about every risk whose rare but tragic outcome cannot be accurately predicted , whether it is a flu outbreak , a murder , an illness , or an earthquake .
Most of us recognise that this is impossible .
But some find it harder to accept .
The L’Aquila Prosecutor ’s office have now leapt into action .
They have a Commissione Grandi Rischi , after all – a “ Commission on Big Risks ” – and it ’s full of seismologists .
If these people ca n’t predict an earthquake , then what ’s the point of them ?
And so these seismologists are now being indicted and investigated for manslaughter , on account of their failure to warn the population that an earthquake was coming .
You can join various Fellows of various Royal Societies in protesting about this case at qurl.com / quake .
Clearly the Italian government would rather be informed by scientists who are happier to throw caution into the wind and make claims in excess of the evidence .
Oddly enough , though , that did actually happen , in the week before the earthquake .
Gioacchino Giuliani is a laboratory technician who became convinced that he was able to predict earthquakes by measuring the emission of radon from the ground .
He ignored the doubts of seismologists – he has never published his theories or evidence in an academic journal – and invested in several measuring devices to let him make his predictions .
Shortly before the earthquake struck , Giuliani became convinced that something serious was coming .
He began desperately trying to warn the public , even posting a video on YouTube explaining his theory , and warning people to evacuate their houses urgently .
Vans loaded with loudspeakers were driven around the town to spread the warning .
Giuliani tried in vain to persuade the mayor that he was right .
But they did not heed this warning : instead , the local government reported him to the police for spreading unnecessary panic and alarm , forced him to remove his warnings from the internet , and forbad him from telling anyone anything about the coming earthquake .
In reality , of course , Giuliani made a lucky guess ( and he was out by 55 km ) .
Nothing has changed , and there is still no reliable or validated way to predict an earthquake .
Because of this , seismologists around the world are united in explaining that the best way to protect your population is not through an impossible early warning system , but rather by investing in preparedness , to mitigate against the damage done by one rare , unpredictable , horrific outcome .
So you use seismic hazard maps to reliably work out where the risk is greatest , rather than when .
You change the specifications in your building code so that homes are less likely to collapse and crush people to death .
You insist on retrospective modifications to existing structures .
You make sure your population are educated in what to do when the worst happens , and you prepare your emergency services with enduring supplies of the appropriate equipment .
If , in a political emergency , you find you have failed to do all this to universal satisfaction : then you can charge some scientists with manslaughter .
But ideally this should be a last resort .
==========================
==========================
Below is some footage of a recent presentation on risk appraisal by the academic initially approached by the Italian government to head their Commission on Big Risks .
Swedish Cartoonist Attacked Over Mohammed Cartoons
Doug Mataconis · · 18 comments
A cartoonist who drew “ controversial ” Mohammed cartoons that appeared in Swedish newspapers was attacked by Muslim extremists while giving a presentation at one of Sweden ’s most prestigious universities :
Lars Vilks , a Swedish cartoonist whose sketch of the Prophet Muhammad enraged many Muslims , was head - butted today while giving a lecture about freedom of speech .
Vilks , who depicted the Prophet Muhammad with the body of a dog in 2007 , said he was assaulted by a man sitting on the front row as he spoke at the University of Uppsala , about 70 kilometers from Stockholm .
A spokesman for the Uppsala police said about 20 people tried to attack Vilks after interrupting his lecture , adding that the police had to intervene to stop them .
Two people were detained .
Here ’s the video :
Perhaps the most distressing thing about this story is that it has received so little coverage in the American media , where concern for freedom of expression in the face of religious extremism seems to be completely non-existent these days .
Even more outrageous , is the fact that Uppsala University , where the incident took place , has reacted to the attack by telling Vilks that he ’s no longer welcome to speak there :
Officials said they would “ not likely ” invite Vilks again because of the incident .
In some quarters , the university ’s reponse is adding to concerns that violence and threats from some members of the Muslim community are effectively muzzling free speech . (…)
When it comes to depicting the Prophet , this has nothing to do with social issues or integration , ” says Professor Klausen .
“ This is about a political movement by sectarian groups where [ depicting Mohammed ] has now become a primary trigger for political contention .
The university pretty much told [ Vilks ] to shut up and go talk somewhere else , and I find that reaction very dangerous and problematic .
It means that the extremists have achieved what they wanted . ”
Vilks , however , remains defiant even after the attack :
While Vilks escaped the incident with broken glasses and a bit of a shock , he said it raised concerns about the freedom of expression at Sweden ’s oldest and most prestigious institute of higher learning .
“ What you get is a mob deciding what can be discussed at the university , ” Vilks told The Associated Press , adding he was ready to repeat the lecture if re-invited .
“ I ’m ready to go up again , ” he said .
“ This must be carried through .
You can not allow it to be stopped . ”
Good for him , at least someone still have some courage out there .
Perhaps he needs to go to work for Comedy Central .
H/T : Hot Air
( Check out the new Shaved Bieber 3D Glasses )
YO KANYE , WE’RE HAPPY FOR YOU AND YOUR CAPS LOCKS RANTS AND PROUD WE HELPED lowercase your blog posts , but its time to focus on another accident on the Internet : UNWANTED BIEBER MENTIONS .
We ’ve developed a series of innovative tools to help cover the lower regions of web pages from unwanted Justin Bieber content .
Shave away those Bieber mentions on web sites with our bookmarklet , Firefox Add-on , or JavaScript files .
To Clarkstown Town Board members , every little bit counts when it comes to boosting the economy in the town .
While they do n't think it will have the affect of a huge stimulus program , Town Board members are hoping a new policy they 've adopted will at least show they are committed to supporting local businesses .
The policy requires that , whenever possible , town departments which host community functions and social events supported by taxpayer dollars should have those events at businesses within Clarkstown .
Twenty years ago , they were Earth Firsters , living in tepees , trying to save spotted owls , and grafting together a shoestring budget from their unemployment checks .
Today , the Center for Biological Diversity has a budget of $ 7 million , 62 full - time staffers , and 15 offices nationally .
By filing 6 00 lawsuits and countless petitions against the federal government , the center has won threatened or endangered listings for 380 species .
It has also , it says , secured 110 million acres of critical habitat and protected another 130 million acres .
Here , one of CBD ’s founders , 45 - year - old director Kierán Suckling , explains the group ’s overall strategy .
What was your first major victory ?
A Mexican wolf reintroduction law - suit in 1990 , our first .
The Fish and Wildlife Service had formally declared the Mexican wolf unrecoverable .
The Audubon Society and the Defenders of Wildlife had formed a wolf coalition to fight this , but they had no legal strategy beyond telling the government , “ Pretty please . ”
We decided , let ’s just sue instead .
It got settled with the service agreeing to do a wolf study , which led to reintroduction .
The environmental movement spent a decade going to meetings and demanding action and getting nothing done .
We realized that we can bypass the officials and sue , and that we can get things done in court .
- Advertisement -
What role do lawsuits play in your strategy to list endangered species ?
They are one tool in a larger campaign , but we use lawsuits to help shift the balance of power from industry and government agencies toward protecting endangered species .
That plays out on many levels .
At its simplest , by obtaining an injunction to shut down logging or prevent the filling of a dam , the power shifts to our hands .
Were you hindered by not having science degrees ?
No .
It was a key to our success .
I think the professionalization of the environmental movement has injured it greatly .
These kids get degrees in environmental conservation and wildlife management and come looking for jobs in the environmental movement .
I ’m more interested in hiring philosophers , linguists , and poets .
The core talent of a successful environmental activist is not science and law .
It ’s campaigning instinct .
That ’s not only not taught in the universities , it ’s discouraged .
Have you heard about the $ 1,000,000,000 writedown AT&T ’s going to take as a first step in its attempt to afford what Obamacare ’s going to do to it ?
How about John Deere at $ 150,000,000 , 3 M at $ 90,000,000 , and Caterpillar at $ 100,000,000 ?
There are others , and we ’re just getting started .
The consulting firm Towers Watson estimates the total bleeding might be $ 14,000,000,000 or thereabouts .
Well , that ’s a problem for the Obama regime , is n’t it ?
Such consequences are clearly inconsistent with the desired narrative , which is that Obamacare will bring down costs .
So , in response , Henry Waxman and his merry band of House Democrats are hauling these companies in for hearings next month .
No , I ’m not making that up .
These insolent corporations dare to suggest that The One ’s “ reform ” is going to cost them a lot of money , so let ’s get them in here and singing the correct tune .
More at this excellent Wall Street Journal piece , from which the above numbers also came .
I ’ve been despondent this week , for obvious reasons .
This really is a shot of hope , though .
This bunch of jackass Democrat thugs , still bloated and belching from their feast upon our liberties and futures , has invited a large group of actual businesspeople ( who understand how wealth is created , or in this case destroyed ) to lecture them under oath on public record on exactly why and specifically how their precious god - king ’s signature accomplishment will destroy the economy .
When these poor slobs in Congress see genuine accounting figures from real live executives instead of their tortured numerical fantasies , will their brains aspolde ?
Its proponents tried to design the Obamacare power grab in such a way that its large effects would n’t be felt for several years , the implied gamble being that momentum would steal any sustained traction from a repeal movement .
Their failure to consider that publicly held companies plan ahead , and out loud , is a significant political blunder .
Their hasty call for hearings is another one .
Keep it up , Democrats .
It ’s hard to see how this can be bad for the repeal - then - replace cause , which means it ’s hard to see how this can be bad for the American people .
Republicans , play this wisely .
Every advantage must be maximized .
You might also like :
CCTV footage obtained by a news channel has emerged showing a man protecting his 4 - month - old son from an out - of - control car slamming into them
This post certainly struck a nerve , particularly among atheist readers .
One writes :
Sharing Kevin 's sense of never having felt the need to believe in God , perhaps my answer will be of interest .
I have always felt that when I die , I am dead and gone , my conscious life will end , my interactions with others will end , and I will be simply GONE .
I do n't know what causes consciousness ( call it spirit , call it soul , I do n't mean to pick sides with my words ) , but I expect that it will end .
My afterlife will be in the memories of those I knew , those who loved me , those who carry me on in their hearts .
I , myself , cease to exist .
This gives me a beautiful , shockingly beautiful sense of the Now .
Being in the present , the here and now , is the ultimate reward of life .
I am constantly gobsmacked by the minutiae of life ; I stand in awe of the things around me right fucking now .
There 's no reward , no judgment , no heaven , no hell .
I live right fucking now .
Another writes :
I think that when I die I 'll cease to exist , and in some ways I 'm happy about that .
Life is hard work .
Life is good , worthy work that I 'm proud of and that makes me feel good , for the most part , but even though I 'll probably be sad to die ( and I 'd hate to think I was about to die any time soon ) , I 'm still glad , in principle , that some day life will cease , and my burdens will dissolve with my joys .
I do n't want to live forever .
Another :
Speaking as someone who shares Kevin 's view on this topic , what we think happens when we die is that we die , only our contributions to the world we are departing will live on , and that 's all there is to it .
We 're not going to be around to experience it afterwards .
Would it be nice not to die ?
Maybe , certainly sounds interesting ( although I could see myself wishing fervently for death to put me out of my boredom when I turned a million , and considering it an inhuman and sadistic torment to deny that to me ... ) .
But if we wish to live in a reality based world we need to acknowledge that there is no rational reason to believe this to be true and it is a monumental case of group wishful thinking to put it politely .
People are afraid of dying , they do n't want to deal with it , and believing they 'll never have to * really * deal with it because they 're not going to * really * die is just easier .
How do I feel about it ?
Meh .
I accepted my mortality ( and that of everyone else I know ) a long time ago , I dealt with it , and now I rarely give it much thought unless circumstances call it to my attention .
I have better things to do with my life than obsessing over a time when it 's going to be over .
And no , that is not me declaring how incredibly brave and stoic in the face of death that makes atheists , I do n't imagine I 'd be any less scared facing the imminent ending of my life when the time comes than your average person ... it is simply not a concern of mine now .
Wringing my hands over it would be about as pointless as wailing over the gravitational constant of the universe not having a different value more to my liking .
Reality is what it is .
And reality is that people are n't immortal .
Yet another :
" I wonder what Kevin thinks happens to him when he dies ? "
I think the fact that you have to ask this question at all says a lot about how the fear of death is inextricably tied to a belief in higher powers in the minds of theists .
To one such as I , who shares Kevin 's views , the answer is rather obvious and intuitive .
Nothing is going to happen to him when he dies , because there wo n't be a ' him ' for anything to happen to .
As for your follow up question - " And how does he feel about that - not just emotionally but existentially ? " -
I can only speak for myself , but again , the fact that you feel the need to ask this question says a lot about the source of your faith .
Forgive me if this sounds overly judgmental , but to me terms like " faith " and " spirituality " are just shorthand for an individual 's inability to cope with the concept of oblivion .
Why must one feel anything particular about it in the first place ?
I am .
One day , I will not be .
This does n't bother me and I do n't understand the need to waste the precious gift of sentience agonizing about such things .
I recognize that some people can't shrug off the idea of not existing in some form .
Take my husband for instance .
He has an overdeveloped fear of oblivion but can't bring himself to believe in fairy tales .
He takes comfort in philosophy .
In the words of ( probably ) Marcus Aurelius :  Live a good life .
If there are gods and they are just , then they will not care how devout you have been , but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by .
If there are gods , but unjust , then you should not want to worship them .
If there are no gods , then you will be gone , but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones . ’
Another :
As an atheist who has just recently had two friends die , I can say that not all atheists are as lucky as Kevin .
For me , the fear of death is far and away the most immediate and challenging aspect of my atheism .
Death affects me in a profound way , because I know it 's not a matter of belief at this point , for me that this life is all we get .
As much as I would like to believe platitudes like " He 's in a better place now " and " I know he 's smiling down on us , " I see them for what they are , and what they represent : attempts to avoid facing the reality of death .
So if you truly believe that " Facing [ death ] is our life 's task , " may I suggest you try atheism ?
Religion is how people AVOID facing it .
It 's the common thread in all religions , from the most ancient to the most modern : " When we die , it 's not really the end .
So do n't worry so much . "
But for most religions it does n't stop there .
Most of them teach that life after death will not only exist , but it 'll be way more awesome than stupid ol ' life with all its trials and tribulations .
A choir of angels !
Forty virgins !
Nirvana !
All your old friends , your family , even Mittens and Fido will be there to give you a big hug and welcome you to eternity !
Eternity .
Living forever .
Whatever philosophical contortions you want to twist yourself through , if you believe in eternity , you are not facing death .
Atheists face death .
We have to come to grips with the finality of our end without the aid of any comforting fairy tales .
It 's not easy , but neither is life .
Atheists and theists can agree on that , at least .
We just do n't think death is going to be any different .
A reader asks :
When atheists claim that religion is just a fanciful way to deal with the unpleasant inevitability of death , the faithful often decry such a reduction as unfair .
And yet your main response to Kevin Drum 's unapologetic description of his lack of religious impulse is to ask " Then what do you think happens when we die ? "
As another of those " untragic " atheists , I can only scratch my head as to why my answer to that question would seem to be revelatory to you ... unless , that is , the avoidance of death offered by religion is its key selling point .
So which is it ?
And how does soothing my fears ( be they rational or irrational ) make something like religion more likely to be True ?
A final thought :
I believe we have a " soul , " but not in the sense of a spiritual being apart from our bodies , but in the sense of a consciousness that transcends our physical limitations .
It is , first , the essence of our beings , the thing that connects the person we are today to the person we have been at all the stages of our lives .
The boy I once was is in some sense the man I am today and the old man I will be , and I think this persistence of being - this connective line , this inner self - is part of what I mean by " soul . "
In addition , by " soul " I also mean our ability to contemplate time and space and perhaps a sense of harmony far outside our own physicality .
And finally I mean a higher morality - the part of our beings that makes us not only human , and thus animal , but also humane , and in that sense spiritual beings with a higher morality than self - interest and even survival .
This feeling no doubt has a physical cause as well , but at some level our higher - processing brains and our experiences and learning give us feelings that seem unconnected to physical sensation .
And it is here where the best of humankind resides and expresses itself .
When I worry about my own death , it is not death that I really worry about , but the manner of death , and the lead up to it of decline , decrepitude , helplessness , pain .
( If I knew I would be fairly healthy until the end , and then die peacefully in my sleep , much of my anxiety would be gone . )
Death itself does not scare me .
I remember undergoing general surgery for some minor problem , and was given some anesthetic drip before being wheeled into the operating room .
At one moment I was talking to the surgeon , and the very next moment - a nanosecond later - I was in the recovery room .
I had no awareness of a dimming of consciousness .
One instant I was there , an instant later I was gone .
This , it seems to me , is what death is like , only there 's no reawakening .
Consciousness ends , and along with it any awareness and sensation .
There is not even a feeling of absence .
Another way I look at it is that life after I am dead will be just like life before I was born .
I do n't regret not being here sooner than I was , and I had no sensation of existence before my birth .
So it will be after my death .
The only death that really scares me is the death of those I love , far more than my own .
This is not to say that I do n't want to live as long as possible , so long as I can function in some way and not be an excessive burden .
And this desire , it seems to me , is itself strong proof that there is no afterlife .
Freud 's thanatos notwithstanding , even our souls hunger for a concrete existence .
We may long for transcendence , but it is a transcendence in our lives , not in some desire to be totally spiritual beings , removed forever from connection to the real .
At least not for long - that way lies madness .
Sooner or later , we want to reconnect to the world .
And we constantly hunger for the visible world , the streams of sensations that feed our consciousness and being .
It is the very opposite of an afterlife idealized by major religions .
And that leads me to my final point ( probably a startling one , from your point of view ) : I think life after death would be stupid .
By this I absolutely do not mean that it is stupid to believe in an afterlife or to desire it ( though such a desire may be a result of naivete , irrationality , or great pain ) .
I mean that such an existence would itself be stupid .
It would be devoid of anything that gives our intelligence any significance , and our current lives any meaning .
It would not in any sense be human .
I remember telling my brother that if I died and there was a God and he told me that he indeed created the world in six days , I would be extremely disappointed , for I find the world as it is far more miraculous and awe - inspiring than its biblical description .
Similarly , a life after death devoid of physicality would mean very little to me , and I do n't desire it .
Perhaps it would matter to whatever essence or spirit survived me , but to the living human being I am , this world - you and me and everyone else - is all that really matters .
Again , Andrew , what do you think happens when you die ?
Your body and individuality recreated in some recognizable way , with friends long gone again available to you ?
Andrew Sullivan as a disembodied spirit , glowing because you - or it - are in the presence of Jesus ?
You must have some view .
Share it .
And tell us if you really prefer that afterlife , to all the pain and glory of this real one .
One of the starkest things I remember from my one afternoon spent conversing with the subject of my doctoral dissertation , Michael Oakeshott , was his response to a question I posed him about the notion of salvation and the after - life ( he died the following year ) .
It was " who would want to be saved " ?
Oakeshott 's last unwritten essay ( I suspect he had been writing it in his head much of his life ) was going to be about a conception of salvation which had nothing whatsoever with the future .
I have two intuitions about what happens when I die .
The first is that I cannot know in any way for sure ; and I surely know that whatever heaven is , it is so beyond our human understanding that it is perhaps better not to try an answer .
The second is that I will continue to exist in my essence but more firmly and completely enveloped in the love and expanse of God , as revealed primarily in the life of Jesus .
We create things -- geeky things .
And we spend the rest of our time collecting fascinating technology , hacks , and ideas from all over the world that inspire or impress us .
You see , Breadpig , Inc. was founded with the purpose of being an uncorporation .
Rather than following the typical corporate directive of maximizing shareholder wealth , breadpig aims to do interesting ( good ) things with its profits .
Do n't tell our shareholders .
In the process of bringing to life things like LOLmagnetz and xkcd : volume 0 , we 've given away $ 92,000 in profits since we began at the end of 2008 .
And there 's more where that came from .
The first of several Breadpig collaborations is now available from the XKCD store .
More are coming !
Children 's Tylenol recall : FDA slams factory conditions
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A scathing report released Tuesday by the Food and Drug Administration slammed conditions at the factory that produced the children 's Tylenol , Motrin , Benadryl and other over - the - counter drugs that were recalled over the weekend .
The 17 - page FDA inspection report conducted in late April detailed quality and security lapses at the Fort Washington , PA - based facility , which is owned by Johnson & Johnson 's ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) McNeil PPC drug manufacturing division .
The agency said it is considering a wide range of actions including possible criminal penalties .
Johnson & Johnson said it has temporarily suspended production at the plant .
It is the company 's only plant that manufactures all of its liquid pediatric drugs .
" We have no higher concern than providing parents with the highest quality products for their children , " the company said in a statement Tuesday .
" The quality issues that the FDA has observed , many of which we had recently identified in our own quality reviews and communicated to the FDA , are unacceptable to us . "
While the FDA said parents should immediately discontinue use of any of the recalled products , the agency maintained that the potential for adverse medical effect from the recalled drugs is still " remote . "
In a press call Tuesday , FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said parents should immediately use generic versions of the recalled drugs .
Numerous problems at the plant
Deborah Autor , FDA 's director with the Office of Compliance , said the agency met with Johnson & Johnson 's senior management in February .
" We expressed serious concerns about McNeil 's manufacturing operations , " she said .
Although the FDA was scheduled to do a routine inspection of the plant , she said the February meeting " drove us to inspect the plant more quickly . "
Autor also admonished McNeil for its latest recall , its fourth in the past seven months .
" This is yet another example of when a company has to take full accountability for the quality of its drugs [ with ] severe consequences for not doing so , " she said .
The FDA will now conduct a more detailed analysis of its findings before determining what the consequences could be for McNeil .
She said the FDA 's actions could range from a warning letter to criminal penalties .
In its report , the FDA said McNeil did not initiate " corrective and prevention action " after it had received 46 consumer complaints from June 2009 to April 2010 regarding foreign materials and black or dark specks in its drugs .
The agency cited the facility for not following quality controls and for not maintaining adequate lab facilities for the testing and approval of components and drug products .
Autor said the agency 's findings showed that McNeil bought contaminated raw material from its vendors , which tested positive for a type of bacteria that the the FDA has not yet identified .
However , the agency said McNeil 's testing showed that the contamination did not reach its finished products , it is conducting its own probe .
The FDA found there were no written procedures to ensure " the identity , strength , quality , and purity " that the drugs produced there were said to possess .
Further , the agency said the plant 's employees " [ were ] not given training in current good manufacturing practices and written procedures required by current good manufacturing practice regulations . "
McNeil recalled some 50 children 's versions of the non-prescription drugs on Saturday for quality concerns , including " tiny particles " in some of the products that the company said may be solidified product ingredients or manufacturing residue such as tiny metal parts .
The FDA said the recall affects some 1,500 " lots " of the drugs which were distributed both in the United States and internationally .
It has long been one of the most vexing causes of America ’s skyrocketing health costs : people not taking their medicine .
One - third to one - half of all patients do not take medication as prescribed , and up to one - quarter never fill prescriptions at all , experts say .
Such lapses fuel more than $ 100 billion dollars in health costs annually because those patients often get sicker .
Now , a controversial , and seemingly counterintuitive , effort to tackle the problem is gaining ground : paying people money to take medicine or to comply with prescribed treatment .
The idea , which is being embraced by doctors , pharmacy companies , insurers and researchers , is that paying modest financial incentives up front can save much larger costs of hospitalization .
“ It ’s better to spend money on medication adherence for patients , rather than having them boomerang in and out of the hospital , ” said Valerie Fleishman , executive director of the New England Healthcare Institute , a research organization , who said that about one - tenth of hospital admissions and one - quarter of nursing home admissions result from incorrect adherence to medication .
“ Financial incentives are a critical piece of the solution . ”
“ Where can you find some of the best big game hunting in the world ?
It ’s a place that may surprise you , ” Lara Logan said last night before her 60 Minutes segment .
Well , it may surprise non-Texans :
As Logan ’s piece , “ Can hunting endangered animals save the species ? ” reported , Texas is home to at least a quarter of a million exotic animals ( representing at least 125 different species ) , many of which are originally from Africa , but became endangered and extinct there .
Logan visits with Charley Seale of Ingram ’s Exotic Wildlife Association and Johnson City rancher David Bamberger , who tell her that the state ’s exotic game ranches and trophy - hunting business have been a form of conservation , assuring Logan that the animals continue to be bred ( only ten percent of the herd is is meant to be hunted each year ) .
Logan reports that hunters can bag a scimitar horned oryx ( a type of antelope ) for $ 4,500 , or the rarest of all animals , a cape buffalo , for $ 50,000 .
“ The money that I spend keeps these animals alive on these ranches , ” says the hunter Logan joined on one ranch , “ Paul ” ( he would n’t give his last name ) .
The clip also features critical comments from Priscilla Feral of Friends of Animals , which played a role in getting U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service — which has generally allowed exotic game ranches to exist thrive — to introduce new regulations that will put an end to hunting scimitar horned oryx and two other antelopes without a federal permit .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 drivers have expressed major reservations about the introduction of moveable rear wings next season - suggesting it could make the racing false and , more seriously , lead to safety worries .
The FIA gave the green light on Wednesday to plans for an adjustable rear wing to be introduced in 2011 - where drivers will be able to open up the slot gap in their rear wing for a straight - line speed boost to help overtake cars ahead of them .
With the rules dictating that the leading car will not be able to respond if his pursuer has got within one second of him in the previous sector , current drivers worry that the move could detract from the purity of F1 .
Mark Webber said : " It is good for the PlayStation I think , but I do n't know how well it is going to work in F1 .
" We need to put some good research into it , understand it and make sure it is beneficial for everyone - the drivers , the show , the spectators and safety , which is a big thing . "
He added : " Overtaking moves should be about pressurising , being skillful , and tactical .
Yes we want to see more overtaking , of course we do , we know that , but we also need to keep the element of skill involved in overtaking and not just hitting buttons , like KERS , like adjustable rear wings .
" We need to get the balance right in having skillful races between each other , and not an IRL [ IndyCar ] race where you pass each other four times per lap and everyone gets bored of that . "
Robert Kubica backed up Webber 's views that the moveable wing may not bring the added dimension to the spectacle that the teams hoped for in coming up with the plan .
" If the wings move a lot we will see the cars overtake in a straight line and I do n't think there is a lot of excitement to see that , " said the Renault driver .
" It still will be the same for everyone and we will see how it will be working .
The [ adjustable ] front wing was introduced to help overtaking by following the other cars , and we have seen it did n't work out . "
Lotus driver Jarno Trulli reckoned that there could be major safety concerns about the wing - and thought that it could be an idea for the FIA to introduce a standard unit .
" I 've only read a little bit about the new regulations and the one I do not appreciate is the movable rear wing , just on the question of safety , " said the Italian .
" This may only be my stupid concern .
I 'm not reading into it too much and we will talk with the engineers but we have to make sure we can run it in a way that it is safe .
" I have the lost the rear wing a couple of time and it is one of the most dangerous things you can have happen to you because you are no longer in control of your car .
Normally it fails at very high speed and you 're going to end up hitting the wall .
I do not want to have the worry of my rear wing failing .
The front wing is slightly different even though it is still a problem , the rear wing is worse .
" I 've had rear wing failures with Renault and Toyota , in testing , at Monza with Jordan and I have always been very lucky , but if you are not lucky it is bad . "
He added : " We are definitely all looking for a better show and more overtaking , that 's clear , and if this can help then it 's very welcome but it 's looking a bit too complicated with the conditions under which you can use it .
" My only concern is the rear wing .
I will suggest to the FIA that they should design and give the same rear wing to everyone because if any there is no standardised wing , this might result in a failure and we do not want this . "
Force India 's Adrian Sutil added : " It 's again very good for the show .
I think it 's not so good from a driving point of view , because if you defend your position well it does n't really matter .
" If there 's a car behind you and he has the advantage of the slipstream anyway , and then he turns down the wing and he will gain another five or 10 km /h .
I do n't know .
There are just too many things going on , really . "
DR . ELEANOR F. DUNHAM
Title : Attending emergency medicine physician
Company :
Years in Field : 9
Q : How do I know if I should visit the emergency room , an urgent care center or my primary physician ?
A : Any condition that is potentially life threatening or limb threatening should be evaluated in the emergency department .
This can include , but is not limited to , loss of consciousness ; chest or severe abdominal pain ; sudden weakness or numbness in face , arm or leg ; sudden changes in vision ; difficulty speaking ; severe shortness of breath ; bleeding that does n’t stop after 10 minutes of direct pressure ; any sudden , severe pain ; any major injury , such as head trauma ; unexplained confusion or disorientation ; coughing or vomiting blood ; severe or persistent vomiting or diarrhea ; a severe or worsening reaction to an insect bite , food or medication ; and suicidal feelings .
An urgent care center may be able to do simple lacerations , suture removals and acute conditions that are not life threatening such as local rashes or viral infections .
Your primary care physician should manage all chronic conditions , such as diabetes , high blood pressure and chronic back pain .
Q : Is it better to go to the emergency room in an ambulance or by car ?
A : If you call 911 to get an ambulance to transport you to the emergency department , then we initially assume that your condition is a medical emergency that is life - or limb - threatening .
Once you arrive here , you will be triaged appropriately for your condition .
An ambulance will not get you seen faster if your condition is not an emergency , and an ambulance should not be used as a taxi .
If you can get to the emergency department by car , bus or taxi for a non -life - threatening problem , then by all means do so .
Q : Are there any ways to get in and out of the ER faster ?
A : No , there are no easy ways to get through the emergency department faster .
However , Sunday evenings and all of Mondays are our busiest days in the emergency department , so you might have a longer wait times on those days .
Q : What kind of information should you be prepared to provide ?
A : It is always helpful to know your own medications , medication allergies and medical problems .
If you have multiple medications , allergies and medical problems , then a list of all of them would be most helpful .
Any recent changes to the above listed is noteworthy .
Also , know who your primary care provider is and any specialists you may have .
For instance , if you have had heart problems in the past , then it would be helpful to know who your cardiologist is .
Q : What should you make sure to ask before you leave ?
A : If you have any questions regarding your treatment and what you should do or how you should take your medications , then please speak up .
The emergency department is a very busy place , and your health care provider might conclude that you understand everything if you do n't ask any questions when things are explained to you .
Ask if you are unsure .
Interview conducted via e-mail by The Patriot - News staff .
( CNN ) --
One person died when a pipe bomb exploded outside a nightclub in West Virginia early Saturday morning , state police said .
The incident , which took place at Cactus Joe 's in Barboursville in the southwestern part of the state , occurred around 2:30 a.m .
" We have an individual that brought explosive devices outside of the business .
One of the devices detonated , proving fatal for the individual , " Cabell County Sheriff Tom McComas said .
" I do n't know an exact age of the victim .
We 're still in the infancy of this investigation . "
Police evacuated as many as 100 people from an apartment complex , mobile home and 20 to 25 houses while they searched for other bombs , police officers said .
Angie Ferguson , assistant supervisor of Cabell County 911 , said authorities found another pipe bomb that had not been detonated .
She said there were no other casualties from the incident .
Authorities said they have a theory about what happened , but were unwilling to elaborate on any details .
" It would be imprudent for me to speculate at this point if the bombing was an act of terror , " McComas said , adding " it was strange activity " for the working - class town , which sits eight miles east of Huntington .
" We are still in the process of rendering the area safe .
We anticipate that to take another hour to three hours , " McComas said .
" We have a major U.S. route that runs through here , Route 60 ... we have about a mile of it shut down until we can get the area safe , " he said .
Police were examining a sport utility vehicle the victim was believed to have driven to the club , McComas said .
Ferguson called the blast an " isolated incident " and said it was unlikely that the explosion was related to terrorism .
" We do n't have much of that here . "
From WikiLeaks
December 17 , 2009
By GAVIN HEATON ( Servant of Chaos ) [ 1 ]
The history of the last twenty years of the Twentieth Century were , for me , marked by a millennial fervor that swept through society like a great wave of hope .
Watching the Berlin Wall topple , seeing the defiance of Tiananmen Square and even the spontaneous outpouring of goodwill that happened during the Sydney Olympics are moments which shine brightly for me .
Each of these were individual but also collective statements that spoke about our desire to connect with one another , to experience and make history with our own hands , and to own the consequences of our actions .
Living in the relatively benign political landscape of Australia has meant that such movements largely pass us by .
Wholesale political and ideological change can occur here each four years – at the voter ’s discretion .
Depending on the mood of the public , we can swing from the reformist centre left position taken by the Keating Government to the deeply conservative position adopted by the Howard Government – and not a drop of blood is spilt , not a single car is burnt in anger , and life resumes under the umbrella of what is essentially a radically transformed ideological agenda .
The reason that such large scale political and ideological change can take place , I believe , is in large part to the robust and open democracy which Australia ’s political leaders have built over the last hundred years .
Fundamental to this has been the freedom of political thought and expression – backed up by rigorous , independent ( and in many instances , judicious ) review of government decisions .
The internet filter proposed by Senator Stephen Conroy threatens all this .
Thus far , the government have focused their arguments around the highly emotive issue of child pornography .
There is no question that access to this sort of material should be prohibited .
However , only 32 % of the sites listed on the Australian Communications and Media Authority ’s “ blacklist ” are related to child pornography .
This means that a whopping 68 % of sites on the list are there for other reasons – political , ideological , etc – and at the whim of the government in power at the time .
Moreover , the blacklist is NOT available for public scrutiny or independent review .
A copy of the blacklist was released on the Wikileaks website earlier in 2009 ( a site which is , itself , blacklisted ) .
In this radio interview with Latika Bourke , former High Court Justice , Michael Kirby suggests that the internet filter may well be the “ thin edge of the wedge ” when it comes to controlling what the Australian population reads , what it has access to and therefore , how it can behave online .
The internet is , on the whole , a marvellous advance of not only information but also of freedom and of ideas , and of ideas of liberty … we ’ve got to just be careful … because if one government , our government , begins to intervene in this , there ’ll be other governments that just want to get into it to control the freedom of ideas … ideas which will break down the Berlin Walls of the future .
( 6:19 )
Former supporter and co-author of the original report recommending internet filtering , Michael Flood , has now switched camps .
In an interview with Rachel Maher , he suggests that , as a society , we should be having more complex and robust discussions about censorship , access to non-classified material and and the social and educational benefits that accrue through such access :
His discussion of pornography is complex and enlightening and leads us through to the kinds of debate the Federal Government and civil society should be aiming to have : debates that could look simultaneously and intelligently at both harm reduction and access for adults to sexual material online .
But as pointed out by this article in the Sydney Morning Herald , content which is legal for viewing and consumption will also be filtered .
This includes information which , while sometimes mildly confrontational , has social and cultural value , including websites which provide :
Harm minimisation information for recreational drug users
Space for the discussion of gay and lesbian sexuality
Analysis of the geopolitical causes of terrorism
More detail and reading on the internet filter
There are plenty of websites offering perspectives and ideas , history and analysis on this controversial subject .
What can you do about the internet filter ’s impact on our democracy ?
Bernard Keane suggests that any letter writing campaign must be far more strategic than many sites suggest .
It is not just a matter of bombarding the local member of parliament or Minister Conroy ’s office .
It ’s about carefully crafting our efforts to raise our concerns with a number of departments .
The idea is to generate a significant amount of work across multiple offices of the government .
Please read Bernard ’s recommendations carefully , but remember to :
Carefully craft your letters – do n’t use form petitions
Draw in multiple departments and policy areas such as the internet filter +
Telstra + national broadband
Write this letter specifically to your local member of parliament – even if they are a member of the Opposition
Write another version of the letter , with a different focus ( eg bring in a discussion of Australia Post or issues relating to Education ) to Stephen Conroy
Write additional letters to individual Federal Ministers asking how the filter will impact their portfolios and the businesses and individuals they represent – Kim Carr for IT , Jenny Macklin for families , Tony Burke for impact on farming communities etc
Above all , be polite .
No matter how passionate and frustrated you may be , remain focused on communicating your frustration not simply expressing it .
Any other ideas ?
Comments ?
As published in Servant of Chaos .
Thanks to Gavin Heaton and for covering this material .
Copyright remains with the aforementioned .
Source documents
Natural gas is regarded as a relatively environmentally friendly way of generating electricity .
Gas burns cleanly without many of the problems associated with coal .
Coal is a chemically complex substance .
When it is is burnt , it releases oxides of sulphur ( SO ) and nitrogen ( NO ) , traces of mercury , selenium and arsenic , as well as particulates , and a non-combustible slag remains after burning .
Coal mining is also a dirty and dangerous job .
Coal emits considerably more COthan natural gas per unit energy .
However , natural gas ( CH ) itself is a potent greenhouse gas , and its release to the atmosphere without being burnt can quickly compensate for the COadvantage against coal .
2
2
Generating electricity from fossil fuels typically involves their combustion in large power stations .
Due to the molecular differences of coal , oil and gas , different amounts of carbon dioxide are produced for each unit of thermal energy .
For example , the EIA tells us coal ( anthracite ) releases 227 pounds of COper million BTU ( or 351 g/ kWh thermal ) , fuel oil or diesel 161 lb / MBTU ( 249 g/kWh ) and natural gas releases 115 lb / MBTU ( 178 g/ kWh ) .
This , coupled with the variability in power station thermal efficiency leads to significant variations in the amount of CO / kWh of electricity emitted .
The figures below are for the UK electricity grid .
This table was lifted from : http://electricityinfo.org/co2emissions.php
These CO 2 emissions are directly related to the fossil fuel combustion and power station efficiency .
Lifecycle emissions are not included , leaving nuclear and renewables at zero , because emissions related to construction , decommissioning , uranium processing etc. are ignored .
Natural gas is considered the ‘ greener ’ fuel as electricity from gas emits 2.5 times less CO 2 than coal , as well dramatically lower CO , NO x and virtually no SO x or particulates .
There is an issue of system boundaries here .
The figures above only consider the power station and not any upstream supply system .
While CH 4 may leak from the gas pipelines , there are also CH 4 releases from coal mines .
For this post , let ’s consider emissions after the mine mouth or well head , and ignore emissions associated with transporting coal .
For oil and coal , the only significant route into the atmosphere is via combustion .
However , besides being burnt , natural gas can be released without combustion as methane , CH 4 .
This becomes interesting when one considers both the impact of atmospheric emissions of CO 2 and CH 4 .
Both are greenhouse gases in that they that absorb and emit radiation within the thermal infrared range of the electromagnetic spectrum , however their respective radiative forcings are very different .
The radiative forcing measures how much a greenhouse gas ( or other factors ) alters the balance of incoming and outgoing energy in the Earth - atmosphere system .
The Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center ( CDIAC ) part of the US Dept. of Energy uses Global Warming Potential ( GWP ) , as it provides a simple measure of the radiative effects of emissions of various greenhouse gases , integrated over a specified time horizon and relative to an equal mass of CO 2 emissions .
Over a common 100 year time horizon CDIAC state the global warming potential of CH 4 as 25 times greater than CO 2 [ link ] .
The calculation is not trivial , and estimations do vary a little , but for this analysis the factor 25 is sufficient .
We saw above that natural gas emits 2.5 times less CO 2 than coal when used to generate electricity .
However , when CH 4 is released to the atmosphere without first being combusted , the global warming potential is 25 times higher than CO 2 .
It is a more potent greenhouse gas .
If only a little natural gas is released without being burnt , it will dominate the radiative forcing and more than compensate for the 2.5 - fold advantage gas has over coal .
The chart illustrates this effect :
On the left , CO 2 emissions per kWh for coal and natural gas .
On the right , the global warming potential of leaked CH 4 expressed as CO 2
If the natural gas leak rate is 3 % , the global warming potential of a kilowatt - hour of electricity from gas is equivalent to coal .
Leak Rates
So what are pipeline leak rates ?
A 1997 US Environmental Protection Agency report states US methane leak rates were 1.4 +/- 0.5 % in 1992 .
The largest source of leakage at that time was compressor components used in the processing , transmission , and storage , followed by the distribution network itself , with the small length of old cast iron pipes leaking disproportionately highly .
The natural gas production process also contributes through millions of slowly leaking pneumatic control devices .
A larger study carried out from 2005 by Brazil ’s largest gas distributer Comgas suggests cast iron pipe leak rates double the EPA study .
A 1990 study for Greenpeace considered the UK distribution network then operated by British Gas .
Greenpeace estimated low , medium and high scenario leakage rates of 1.9 % , 5.3 % and 10.8 % respectively .
This was in contrast to the 1 % claimed by British Gas at the time .
The authors were confident leakage rates were above 1.9 % .
These figures are likely obsolete today as there still existed a large amount of pre-1970 cast iron pipe work , much of it since replaced .
In 1990 only 39 % of the UK mains and 74 % of the service pipes were plastic .
The 1.4 % figure is also old , and only refers to the US , but it is a significant magnitude , it represents a 70 % increase in global warming potential compared to the CO 2 alone and halves the CO 2 advantage gas has over coal based on the 360 and 890 g/ kWh figures above .
Whilst these figures do not tip gas beyond coal , they halve its advantage .
They are also only national .
For the US this is quite understandable , but for the UK and Europe , the gas system is changing .
Could leak rates become important as natural gas supply routes become longer ?
As Europe increases its reliance on Russia , as previously stranded gas is brought to market through longer pipelines than before , as a larger number of smaller deposits are exploited and as existing infrastructure ages , it seems likely that leak rates will increase .
We often hear about struggles in the former Soviet states related to gas – is the leak rate there one percent or five ?
Is it economically feasible for the pipeline operator to make investments to stem the last percentage point of a system 's leaks ?
Is it possible that a ‘ green ’ gas power station in the UK is making a greater contribution to global warming than one burning coal ?
Does anyone have recent data on leakage rates , especially for Russia and Eastern Europe ?
REUTERS - An Air India Express Boeing 737-800 crashed outside an airport in Mangalore on Saturday , killing 158 people after overshooting the runway .
Onlookers and firefighters stand at the site of the crashed Air India Express passenger plane in Mangalore May 22 , 2010 .
158 people were killed .
REUTERS / Stringer
Here are some details of the type of plane involved :
DESCRIPTION
The Boeing 737-800 is seen at airports all over the world and together with the competing Airbus A320 is the backbone of many short - haul and medium - haul fleets .
The twin -engined Boeing 737 is the world ’s most widely sold family of planes and has been in service since 1968 .
The 737-800 is a “ next - generation ” variant in use since 1998 .
Air India Express owns 18 of these planes .
The crashed plane first flew in December 2007 .
AIRCRAFT DETAILS
Passenger capacity ( typical 2 - class ) 162
( 1 - class ) 189
Flight crew 2
Length 129 feet 6 inches ( 39.5 metres )
Wing span 112 feet 7 inches ( 34.3 metres )
Interior cabin width 11 feet 7 inches ( 3.53 metres )
Emergency exits : 8
( 2 in the front , 4 in the middle , 2 in the back )
Range 3,060 nautical miles / 5,665 kilometres
Engines Two CFM56 - 7 engines
( Engines made by CFM International , a joint venture
between General Electric of the United States
and Snecma , part of French group Safran . )
PRODUCTION
First delivery 1998
Total deliveries to airlines ( to end - April 2010 ) 1,894
Aircraft still on order 1,345
List price $ 66 - 75 million
AIRCRAFT SAFETY RECORD
Saturday ’s crash at Mangalore is the worst accident involving the 737-800 , according to the Flight Safety Foundation , which runs an accident - tracking website ( www.aviation-safety.net)
In 2006 a Gol - operated 737-800 collided in mid-air with a business jet , killing 154 people , and in 2007 a Kenya Airways 737-800 nose - dived into the ground shortly after take - off at Douala airport in Cameroon , killing 114 .
DETROIT — “ There is a new King in the house , ” declared Detroit NAACP President Wendell Anthony to the 2,000 United Auto Worker delegates , guests and friends who had marched June 17 from the union ’s convention to Detroit ’s financial center .
Led by Anthony , newly - elected UAW President Bob King ( the “ King ” Anthony referred to ) , NAACP President Ben Jealous , International Brotherhood of Teamsters President James Hoffa and Detroit Metro President Saundra Williams , the marchers chanted , “ Good jobs now , make Wall St. pay . ”
When marchers answered the call , “ justice ” with the response , “ power ” , and shouted “ Enough is enough , let ’s take America back , ” one quickly understood that more than the signing of contracts was being demanded .
It felt like a new day .
Jealous announced the Oct. 2 , “ One Nation , One Dream ” rally for jobs and justice that the NAACP , and now the AFL - CIO , have endorsed .
“ It was time to put this country together from those who want to take it apart , ” said Jealous .
Anthony told the crowd it was also a June day in 1963 that Martin Luther King came to Detroit for a rally and speech that set the stage for the great March on Washington .
Earlier in the day , UAW ’s King gave a rousing acceptance speech and charted a path for the union of being “ out on the streets rebuilding the social justice we all believe in . ”
He said the first act of the new Executive Board would be to endorse the Oct. 2 rally in Washington .
King noted the UAW must speak and work for all working families .
“ We can only achieve it and keep it , if we do it for everybody . ”
Waxing philosophical , King said that sometimes people call us dreamers , idealists , and say we have to be more realistic .
“ I want to be known as an idealist , a dreamer . ”
He said great leaders such as Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela , Rosa Parks , and Cesar Chavez , were dreamers and idealists .
We are not going to let those in power say the dreams we have are impossible to achieve , said King .
“ We are going to be a sower of seeds for social and economic justice for all Americans . ”
King also laid out what should be a vigorous campaign to organize Toyota , starting with the former NUMMI plant in Fremont , Calif .
The UAW organized plant was jointly operated by GM and Toyota and built Toyota Corollas .
Toyota ’s decision to move Corolla production to a nonunion operation in Mississippi will be fiercely resisted by the union .
“ We are calling on Toyota to recognize the rights of workers to come into the union . ”
While the Tesla Corporation has announced plans to build electric cars in the plant , they have not committed to hiring its former workers and , as King noted , the small production run of Tesla is far less than the former Toyota Corolla production .
It was a speech interrupted by standing ovations and delegates interviewed afterwards were charged up .
Edan Dhanraj , Local 2322 organizer at the Labor Studies program at the University of Massachusetts , cited King ’s emphasis on organizing .
“ Just inspiring to me .
Myself and all my colleagues feel the same .
It gives us more momentum . ”
Regarding the midterm elections and the need to insure Republican do not make gains , Carl Perkins of GM powertrain local 1181 said , “ I ’m definitely fired up about the midterm elections , we have to keep the direction going forward . ”
Standing up for all working families , not just union members , was a message heard throughout this convention .
Tim Stewart , alternate delegate from local 3000 who works at Auto Alliance in Flat Rock , Michigan , where the Ford Mustang and Mazda 6 are made said , “ He did a great job .
He ’s on the more progressive , activist side .
The UAW has done a great job and because of that we got a little complacent .
I ’ve probably been guilty of it too .
Now it ’s time to wake up and get back after them so the rest of this country can enjoy the fruit of their blessings . ”
Photo : UAW delegates march June 17 to Detroit ’s financial center demanding Wall Street pay for massive jobs creation .
( John Rummel / PW )
This weekend , the latest in a long line of eco- themed Hollywood movies opens at cinemas across the US .
( The UK release is scheduled for 7 May . )
In recent years , we 've had Happy Feet , The Day After Tomorrow , Over the Hedge , WALL-E , The Road and Avatar to name just a few of the more high - profiles examples .
Furry Vengeance is an " eco-comedy " starring Brooke Shields and Brendan Fraser .
Here 's the official plot summary :
For Mother Nature , revenge is a dish best served … furry !
In this hilarious family comedy with a message , greedy developers try to pave over paradise and unwittingly launch a sidesplitting battle between man and nature .
And anyone who does n't learn that " green " is n't just the color of money might just end up as roadkill !
After transplanting his family from Chicago to the Oregon woods for his new job overseeing the construction of a supposedly " eco-friendly " housing development , Dan Sanders ( Brendan Fraser ) thinks his biggest problem will be helping his city - loving wife Tammy ( Brooke Shields ) and nature - phobic teenaged son ( Matt Prokop ) adjust to their new surroundings while pleasing his demanding boss ( Ken Jeong ) .
But Dan 's troubles have only begun once the local animals discover his leadership role in the destruction of their habitat .
He soon lands atop their Most Wanted list , and realises how much trouble a few feisty forest creatures can cause !
Going on this description and the contents of the trailer alone ( above ) , I have a hunch this movie is n't really going to be my cup of tea .
And the only published review of the film that I can find does n't exactly fill me with hope , either .
Robert Wilonsky of St Louis 's Riverfront Times says he is n't impressed by the movie 's sledgehammer messaging :
Furry Vengeance is n't really a movie at all ; it 's a message provided by the good people at Participant Media , who 've brought you , among other entertainments , Food , Inc. ( which will make you never want to eat again ) , The Cove ( which is kind of like an espionage caper , only it ends with the real - life slaughter of hundreds of dolphins ) and the forthcoming Climate of Change ( a Tilda Swinton - narrated doc about ordinary folks ' efforts worldwide to combat global warming ) .
The film 's website offers kids an activity guide and redirects them to the Endangered Species Coalition , The Wilderness Society , and Defenders of Wildlife .
They all but print the lesson plan on biodegradable popcorn boxes .
In other words , Participant knows comedy !
However , Wilonsky does admit that the " six - year - old who lives in my house " really enjoyed the film .
Perhaps that 's the point ?
It 's a film aimed largely at kids .
Of course , there is a section of society - represented by the likes of NewsBusters - which despises the very notion that children should have their precious tiny minds polluted and indoctrinated by the evils of environmentalism .
Brooke Shields rejects this charge .
" There 's an eco message , but it is not something that we 're preaching , " she told Fox News .
" We hope it spurs conversation with our kids about Mother Nature , the environment and the animals and how they can respect that . "
Given that she was talking to a Fox News reporter , it should n't come as a surprise that she was also quizzed about her thoughts on climate change scepticism :
It all upsets me because I feel like we keep losing sight of simpler , smaller things .
I do n't know what is true or not , I only know what I can do on a daily basis because I believe in it .
Whether I am turning the water off in between brushing my teeth , which my little daughter is the police of , or I am recycling , or switching my products or using an energy saving washing machine …
I just have to do the best that I can do and keep doing more .
Personally , I never quite buy the line from jet - setting celebrities when they tell us things such as they turn the tap off when they 're brushing their teeth .
I feel it only feeds the cynicism many people have about being repeatedly urged to " do your bit for the environment " .
But I do welcome the idea of issues such as deforestation , overfishing , smog , and climate change , being interwoven into children 's films , even if , at times , their inclusion can feel clunky and forced .
Is the " tree - hugging agenda " , as NewsBusters calls it , really such a bad thing to be introducing to kids ?
It 's hard to explain your favorite games to people who do n't play them , is n't it ?
Well , if you think that 's tough , wait ‘ til you hear about the time I played Fallout 3 with my parents .
Advertisement
Around the time the game launched , they came down to visit me in Brooklyn from Massachusetts .
As my dad had a lot of interest in games and tech back in the day – in fact , he 's a former journalist and I followed in his footsteps in many ways – I figured I 'd give my parents a tour of what was new and hot in our world .
I chose Fallout 3 because I thought it was an example of how evolved games had become .
It 's a nuanced , story - driven world , a fascinating post - apocalyptic take on our familiar country , has plenty of character development and all that .
Advertisement
Unlike a lot of people , my parents do actually play video games – kind of .
My father bought a wheel controller for his PC and plays hi-spec racing sims ; my mother is the kind to which companies like PopCap owe their existence .
Sometimes she plays so much Snood she forgets to eat .
I figured they had just enough lexicon to understand why Fallout 3 was special , so I gave them a quick summary of what it was all about and put it on .
" What is this ? "
Mom said .
" Where are you supposed to be ? " ( I 'm in my 101 jumpsuit , not far from the Vault . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" It 's post - apocalyptic Washington , " I told her .
" It 's really cool . "
Advertisement
She scrunched her nose a little .
" It does n't look like Washington , " she said .
" It just looks like … I do n't know what . "
She was unimpressed , and I was frustrated she was unimpressed .
I was even more frustrated because , when I looked around at the wasteland , it did n't really look like Washington to me , either .
I told her it 's really just the beginning of the game and she'd get it in a minute , but inwardly I knew it'd be much more than " a minute " from that point until I 'd reach a spot with recognizable landmarks .
And when she asked me who I 'm supposed to be , I do n't really have a good answer besides " a guy . "
" So this is a first - person shooter , huh ? " Said Dad .
" No , " I insisted .
" It 's pretty much an RPG , where – "
" Well then , what 's that ? "
Dad demanded , pointing in the corner of the first - person view at the barrel of my gun .
He was just trying to be difficult -– he was enjoying my consternation - – but he kind of had a point .
Advertisement
I started trying to explain about the RPG elements , about environmental storytelling and character progression and people stuck in vaults , and suddenly it all sounded kind of silly coming out of my mouth .
To my parents , Fallout 3 is a game about some guy with a gun trundling through a wasteland , and that 's really it .
And it 's not just a generation gap issue :
Try it with any non -gamer .
Can you explain , say , BioShock in just a few sentences to someone in a way that actually conveys why it was interesting or important ?
" It 's a game about the failure of Randian Objectivism " not only fails , but it sounds pretentious .
" You 're an amnesiac splicing yourself with gene tonics in an underwater city gone mad " conveys the gist , but misses the poignancy ( or not , your pick ) of the Little Sister choice , the flexibility of the mechanics , or essentially anything that makes it good .
Advertisement
A Castlevania Conundrum
Even a simpler game is hard to articulate .
I play Castlevania : Symphony of the Night whenever my roommate and I are hanging out listening to records , because it 's engaging to me yet simple enough I can zone out to music or talk with him .
Lately , after noticing me playing it enough times , my roommate ( who is respectful of video games but not especially personally interested in them ) asked me about it .
When I told him it was pretty much my favorite all - time game , and when I told him it was widely considered one of history 's better titles , he asked why .
Advertisement
I started to explain the " Metroidvania " aesthetic , the uniqueness of SotN 's gothic vibe , the luminous little details in the game 's environment , the whole upside - down castle thing – and he started to tease me , riffing on my explanation in his best " nerd voice . "
It was actually pretty funny .
And his extrapolation was startlingly apt for someone I assumed was n't going to appreciate what I was trying to tell him .
But basically , he was right : I could n't talk about it without using jargon , without sounding like a weirdo .
When you think about it , gamers are n't even all that good about talking about games with one another .
That 's why we have to use vague and ultimately meaningless words like " gameplay " ( yes… " play " is what one does with a " game , " and … ) , and why we 're still bound to describing games by their genre years and years after the medium has diversified enough to make those descriptors inadequate and overly simplistic .
Advertisement
Theoretically , it 's the job of game critics to shape the language around the medium and communicate on it effectively , but even we writers could be doing lots better .
Our own Stephen Totilo once devoted an entire GDC presentation to words commonly used in game criticism that do n't mean anything .
I 'm no innocent either .
I 've already used " aesthetic " " vibe " and " thing " in this feature , words that do n't really specify what I 'm trying to talk about , and I 'm hoping he does n't edit them out , so that I can illustrate my point .
Advertisement
You 're probably wondering why it matters how we talk about games .
No matter what words we use , we " get it " when we talk among ourselves , so is n't that all that counts ?
Well , look at it this way : if we 're the only ones who get it , we 'll never be able to share it .
Other , more established media may have times when they 're hard to explain , when they are " about " many things at once .
Can a
Lost fan easily explain what that show was all about , or why it 's good , to someone who 's never watched it ?
Probably not .
But in general , art , media and cultural phenomena become relevant when they 're easy to share , and most kinds of video games are n't yet .
Plus , when we can't explain ourselves , it makes it easier for us to be misunderstood – yes , Mass Effect has adult scenes and aims to be " mature " , but it 's hardly the risqué sex sim scandal made it out to be .
Grand Theft Auto is a crime simulator in its way , but that 's not all it is .
Advertisement
" Getting " Grand Theft Auto
Speaking of GTA , that 's actually one of the games I 've found is most easily comprehensible to my friends .
They get it , both because of the cultural juggernaut that 's always surrounded it and because it 's so easy to grasp what it 's about – raising hell with total freedom in the real world is a near - universal fantasy .
Advertisement
I may not understand why my non -gamer friends play the way they do .
One friend likes to play Ballad of Gay Tony so she can get Luis drunk in the club and make him fall down the stairs repeatedly ( okay , doing that is pretty funny .
She also inexplicably never tires of pushing ladies in the restroom .
She 's really digging Red Dead Redemption , too .
After she and my other friend shot my horse , murdered a bunch of innocent people and ultimately docked 500 points from my hard - won Honor , I asked her if she liked the game .
" Yeah ! "
She enthused .
" It 's like GTA > , except with horses . "
Advertisement
That sums it up .
So why is it so much easier to " get " a game like GTA or by extension , Red Dead Redemption , than other titles , even those with far fewer elements going on ?
It 's because GTA is universal : everyone 's wished they could just act out against their environment without real - world consequences , just for fun , from time to time .
Not all games are built on such accessible ideas – nor should they be .
We could explain to our friends why we relate to them anyway , if only we had the right words .
When it comes to the more complex ideas and experiences unique to games , we as gamers and as an industry have n't yet gotten our lexicon to a point where it 's sophisticated enough to convey them .
Hey , it 's not like we 've had any practice ; we 've only in the past talked about what makes games special with each other , with people from " our world . "
That we 're starting to notice our vocabulary is failing us is a good sign – it means that " other people " are ready to listen .
Advertisement
[ Leigh Alexander is news director for Gamasutra , author of the Sexy Videogameland blog , and freelances reviews and criticism to a variety of outlets .
Her monthly column at Kotaku deals with cultural issues surrounding games and gamers .
She can be reached at leighalexander1 AT gmail DOT com . ]
Are you a fan of apple products ?
If you are , then here is the post you would n’t want to miss !
We have collected several cool and unique apple wallpapers that you will surely love and make your desktop become more Apple appealing .
This collection represents various artist ’s interpretation of the logo of one of the most prestigious maker of cool gadgets in the world …
Here is a compilation of 36 Free Apple Wallpapers .
Feel free to download the wallpaper of your choice …
Have fun !!!
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
• 30 + Best Apple Inspired Photoshop Tutorials
• A Collection of Free Abstract iPhone Wallpapers for iPhone Users
• 30 Free and Fresh iPad Wallpapers
Orange Apple Wallpaper
Download Source
Flying Apple
Download Source
Bling - bling Apple
Download Source
Apple In The Big Apple
Download Source
Apple Colour wall
Download Source
Wooden Apple Wallpaper
Download Source
My Apple Wallpaper
Download Source
Apple Wallpaper
Download Source
Apple Wallpaper 2
Download Source
Apple Wallpaper Mac Colors
Download Source
Apple Store
Download Source
Wooden Apple v2
Download Source
Apple Arabesque
Download Source
Golden Apple
Download Source
Appletv-esque
Download Source
Apple
Download Source
Wallpaper Burning Mac
Download Source
Exagon Rainbow Apple Wallpaper
Download Source
Apple Wallpaper 2 Green
Download Source
Apple Pro
Download Source
Apple Glossy
Download Source
Apple Vortex
Download Source
Eco Apple wallpaper
Download Source
Wooden Apple
Download Source
A Green Apple
Download Source
Apple Wallpaper
Download Source
Splash of Apple
Download Source
Apple Retro
Download Source
Apple Tagg
Download Source
Apple Galaxy
Download Source
Apple Blue
Download Source
Apple Mac Icons Wallpaper
Download Source
Apple Aduro
Download Source
Apple Product Red
Download Source
Apple think different
Download Source
Apple
Download Source
One Simple
Thing features people who through small yet innovative ways are making a difference in education , energy , the environment , and the use of the planet 's resources .
Paul Vercammen
CNN
San Clemente , California ( CNN ) - Joey Santley 's flip - flops rhythmically clap as he strolls through San Clemente 's surf ghetto , a cluster of boxy surfboard - making businesses .
This chatterbox entrepreneur spouts out ideas like big waves churn up foam .
Surfing is a sport with a black spot on its eco-friendly soul , and Santley thinks he found a way to cleanse it .
" We 're going to take the biggest pile of trash that our industry makes and we are going to figure out a home for it , " Santley explains .
The shaping and making of surfboards for decades has produced a chemical residue , a toxic white dust that can be found all over the surf ghetto .
Santley grabs a plastic bag inside the major surfboard manufacturer Lost , and points down at a pile of polyurethane powder , excess foam that sprinkled from a surfboard - shaping machine .
" I 'll come in here and clean up all this stuff , " explains Santley , using a broom and dustpan to put the polyurethane dust into a plastic garbage bag .
" They can keep cranking [ producing surfboards ] because it gets too full in here .
" They love it because they do n't have to clean up .
And I love it because I come and get material for my boards .
And if I was n't doing this , the dust would be going into the landfill over the hill . "
Read More
This post has been reviewed by the Vancouver Media Co-op editorial committee .
Naomi Klein : A Vibrant Moment for Alternative Media
As corporate media face crises , alternative media is doing better than ever
by Vancouver Media Co-op → Media Analysis
» Download file ' NK.mp3 ' ( 4.4MB )
In this interview with the Vancouver Media Co-op , journalist and author Naomi Klein talks about the necessity of independent media , the challenges facing investigative journalism , and the media ecosystem in Canada .
JOHANNESBURG — Henry Kissinger called me , which does not happen often , but does happen on the eve of World Cups — a reflection of a shared obsession and a fair indication that soccer ( football , actually ) will trump the global battle for treasure and influence over the next month , or rather transfer it to the pitch .
On the U.S. team , one of whose attractions is that it has not yet mastered the professional foul , Kissinger was laconic : “ We ’re better but we do n’t have a national style that I ’ve been able to figure out .
We ’re a work in progress , just as we are in managing international affairs on a global basis . ”
It ’s true that adjusting to 21st century shifts in global power is proving arduous for the United States — much less room for the cynical diplomatic foul — and that there ’s still a naïve quality to the American game , despite its opening 1 - 1 draw with England high in the South African veld and its second - place finish last year in the Confederations Cup .
Recurrent dreams had surfaced about England ’s prospects before that dismal draw — the world has few more insistent illusions than those surrounding English football .
They soon gave way to what a commentator called “ the usual mixture of hope and horror ” attendant on Rooney and company .
Scientists have embarked on a crash effort to use one the world 's largest supercomputers to create 3D models to simulate how BP 's massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill will affect coastal areas .
Acting within 24 hours of receiving a request from researchers , the National Science Foundation late last week made an emergency allocation of 1 million compute hours on a supercomputer at the Texas Advanced Computing Center at the University of Texas to study how the oil spreading from BP 's gusher will affect coastlines .
The goal is to produce models that can forecast how the oil may spread in environmentally sensitive areas by showing in detail what happens when oil interacts with marshes , vegetation and currents .
What may be just as important are models that simulate what could happen if a hurricane carried the oil miles inland , said researchers in interviews .
The computer model they are working on " has the potential to advise and undergird many emergency management decisions that may be made along the way , particularly if a hurricane comes through the area , " said Rick Luettich , a professor of marine sciences and head of the Institute of Marine Sciences at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill , who is one of the researchers on this project .
The computer models now being used to track the oil 's spread are n't finely tuned enough to show just what happens as the oil nears the coastline , said Luettich
" I do n't think that they have any idea how this oil is predicted to move through the marshes and the nearshore zone , " said Luettich .
The project is getting a " high priority , " said another researcher , Clint Dawson , a professor of aerospace engineering and engineering mechanics at the University of Texas .
" What our model can do that a lot of the other models can't do is actually track the oil spill up into marshes and the wetlands because we have fine - scale resolution in those areas . "
The researchers are also looking at the possibility of a hurricane in the Gulf this summer and what would happen " if the oil gets blown around , " said Dawson .
Many of the computer models tracking the oil spill have resolutions of 500 meters to a kilometer , but the model being created on the Texas supercomputer can bring the detail down to a resolution of 50 to 40 meters , which is fine enough to show , for instance , simulations of currents moving up channels , said Dawson .
Researchers are starting with a 2D model of the spill and hope to get to 3D as quickly as possible .
The main problem , said Dawson , is determining where the oil is in the " water column " -- the vertical area from the surface to the bottom of the Gulf .
" Our hope is that we can provide some guidance , especially with respect to possible scenarios if this oil gets away from its immediate area ... and give [ disaster responders ] some guidance about what might happen , where it might go and what wetlands and marshes might be most affected , " he said .
1080
p
When we got to Logitech 's demo space , we expected to see a keyboard and mouse .
To our surprise , the Logitech product manager pulled out a Nexus One and iPhone .
He explained that the companion box has all the technology of Logitech 's $ 400 Harmony 900 remote and extends it to your handset over WiFi .
Several scrollable pages of dedicated buttons let that particular iPhone control not only the Google browser but also a Samsung TV , Onkyo receiver and TiVo set top box , and the product manager showed us that there were three additional control schemes ( including a touchscreen D - pad , gesture swipe pane and virtual keyboard ) that could be activated simply by shaking the phone .
Should you not have a more modern smartphone , it wo n't be your only option by far -- the box will have an optional RF keyboard / touchpad available at launch , and a pair of USB ports in back allow users to connect dongles for 2.4GHz peripherals .
In addition to standard Google TV functions , Logitech said the box would come with Logitech 's free720 p video chat solution , Vid -- though you 'll have to shell out extra for the webcams required to make it work .
The unit itself is based on Intel 's CE4100 " Sodaville " Atom processor , with this particular chip operating at 1.2GHz , and the board features 4GB of memory and 802.11n WiFi .
In addition to the aforementioned twin USB sockets , the rear I/ O panel features wired LAN jack and two IR headers for additional connectivity ( the former presumably affording the system direct IP control over DVRs ) and has a pair of HDMI 1.3 ports that handle all visual content , with Dolby 5.1 surround sound transferred via either HDMI or S / PDIF out .
If your home entertainment setup is entirely wired with HDMI , you 'll find the unit allows full digital passthrough ; if your sources use any other kind of jack ( component , composite , etcetera ) you may need a receiver of some sort ; reps available could n't tell us if the box required HDCP to stream content .
Logitech just informed us that Vid will actually run at a resolution of 720p .
Metta Refuge includes some great introductory talks on the “ how to ” of meditation as explained by Thanissaro Bhikkhu , Ajahn Brahmavamso , Bhante Henepola Gunaratana , and Bhante Vimalaramsi .
Check out the “ Meditation ” page on this site .
Today , I thought I ’d share another skillful teaching by Thanissaro Bhikkhu , this one being a “ guided ” meditation .
I ’ve been meditating for quite a while , and yet , this was a wonderful refresher for me and sharpened up my sitting this morning after I worked with it .
May it be a blessing to you too !
A Guided Meditation
by Thanissaro Bhikkhu
Begin with Metta
Sit comfortably erect , without leaning forward or backward , left or right .
Close your eyes and think thoughts of good will .
Thoughts of good will go first to yourself , because if you ca n’t think good will for yourself — if you ca n’t feel a sincere desire for your own happiness — there ’s no way you can truly wish for the happiness of others .
So just tell yourself , “ May I find true happiness . ”
Remind yourself that true happiness is something that comes from within , so this is not a selfish desire .
In fact , if you find and develop the resources for happiness within you , you ’re able to radiate it out to other people .
It ’s a happiness that does n’t depend on taking away anything away from anyone else .
So now spread good will to other people .
First , people who are close to your heart — your family , your parents , your very close friends :
May they find true happiness , as well .
Then spread those thoughts out in ever widening circles : people you know well , people you do n’t know so well , people you like , people you know and are neutral about , and even people you do n’t like .
Do n’t let there be any limitations on your good will , for if there are , there will be limitations on your mind .
Now spread thoughts of good will to people you do n’t even know — and not just people ; all living beings of all kinds in all directions : east , west , north , south , above , and below , out to infinity .
May they find true happiness , too .
Back to the Present — What is Right Here ?
Then bring your thoughts back to the present .
If you want true happiness , you have to find it in the present , for the past is gone and the future is an uncertainty .
So you have to dig down into the present .
What do you have right here ?
You ’ve got the body , sitting here and breathing .
And you ’ve got the mind , thinking and aware .
So bring all these things together .
Think about the breath and then be aware of the breath as it comes in and goes out .
Keeping your thoughts directed to the breath : that ’s mindfulness .
Being aware of the breath as it comes in and out : that ’s alertness .
Keep those two aspects of the mind together .
If you want , you can use a meditation word to strengthen your mindfulness .
Try “ Buddho , ” which means “ awake . ”
Think “ bud - ” with the in - breath , “ dho ” with the out .
First , Get Comfortable with Your Breath
Try to breathe as comfortably as possible .
A very concrete way of learning how to provide for your own happiness in the immediate present — and at the same time , strengthening your alertness — is to let yourself breathe in a way that ’s comfortable .
Experiment to see what kind of breathing feels best for the body right now .
It might be long breathing , short breathing ; in long , out short ; or in short , out long .
Heavy or light , fast or slow , shallow or deep .
Once you find a rhythm that feels comfortable , stay with it for a while .
Learn to savor the sensation of the breathing .
Generally speaking , the smoother the texture of the breath , the better .
Think of the breath , not simply as the air coming in and out of the lungs , but as the entire energy flow that courses through the body with each in - and - out breath .
Be sensitive to the texture of that energy flow .
You may find that the body changes after a while .
One rhythm or texture may feel right for a while , and then something else will feel more comfortable .
Learn how to listen and respond to what the body is telling you right now .
What kind of breath energy does it need ?
How can you best provide for that need ?
If you feel tired , try to breathe in a way that energizes the body .
If you feel tense , try to breathe in a way that ’s relaxing .
What To Do When Your Mind Wanders ( and it will ! )
If your mind wanders off , gently bring it right back .
If it wanders off ten times , a hundred times , bring it back ten times , a hundred times .
Do n’t give in .
This quality is called ardency .
In other words , as soon as you realize that the mind has slipped away , you bring it right back .
You do n’t spend time aimlessly sniffing at the flowers , looking at the sky , or listening to the birds .
You ’ve got work to do : work in learning how to breathe comfortably , how to let the mind settle down in a good space here in the present moment .
Exploring the Body Mindfully
When the breath starts feeling comfortable , you can start exploring it in other areas of the body .
If you simply stay with the comfortable breath in a narrow range , you ’ll tend to doze off .
So consciously expand your awareness .
A good place to focus first is right around the navel .
Locate that part of the body in your awareness : where is it right now ?
Then notice : how does it feel there as you breathe in ?
How does it feel when you breathe out ?
Watch it for a couple of breaths , and notice if there ’s any sense of tension or tightness in that part of the body , either with the in - breath or with the out - breath .
Is it tensing up as you breathe in ?
Are you holding onto the tension as you breathe out ?
Are you putting too much force on the out - breath ?
If you catch yourself doing any of these things , just relax .
Think of that tension dissolving away in the sensation of the in - breath , the sensation of the out - breath .
If you want , you can think of the breath energy coming into the body right there at the navel , working through any tension or tightness that you might feel there …
Then move your awareness to the right — to the lower right - hand corner of your abdomen — and follow the same three steps there : 1 ) locate that general part of the body in your awareness ; 2 ) notice how it feels as you breathe in , how it feels as you breathe out ; and 3 ) if you sense any tension or tightness in the breath , just let it relax …
Now move your awareness to the left , to the lower left - hand corner of your abdomen , and follow the same three steps there .
Moving Awareness Around the Body
Now move your awareness up to the solar plexus … and then to the right , to the right flank … to the left flank … to the middle of the chest …
After a while move up to the base of the throat … and then to the middle of the head .
Be very careful with the breath energy in the head .
Think of it very gently coming in , not only through the nose but also through the eyes , the ears , down from the top of the head , in from the back of the neck , very gently working through and loosening up any tension you may feel , say , around your jaws , the back of your neck , around your eyes , or around your face …
From there you can move your attention gradually down the back , out the legs , to the tips of the toes , the spaces between the toes .
As before , focus on a particular part of the body , notice how it feels with the in - breath and out - breath , relax any sensation of tension or tightness you might feel there , so that the breath energy can flow more freely , and then move on until you ’ve reached the tips of the toes .
Then repeat the process , beginning at the back of the neck and going down the shoulders , through the arms , past your wrists , and out through your fingers .
You can repeat this survey of the body as many times as you like until the mind feels ready to settle down .
Find a Centered Place in Your Body and Rest Your Attention There
Then let your attention return to any spot in the body where it feels most naturally settled and centered .
Simply let your attention rest there , at one with the breath .
At the same time let the range of your awareness spread out so that it fills the entire body , like the light of a candle in the middle of a room : the candle flame is in one spot , but its light fills the entire room .
Or like a spider on a web : the spider ’s in one spot , but it knows the whole web .
Be keen on maintaining that broadened sense of awareness .
You ’ll find that it tends to shrink , like a balloon with a small hole in it , so keep broadening its range , thinking “ whole body , whole body , breath in the whole body , from the top of the head down into the tips of the toes . ”
Think of the breath energy coming in and out of the body through every pore .
Make a point of staying with this centered , broadened awareness as long as you can .
There ’s nothing else you have to think about right now , nowhere else to go , nothing else to do .
Just stay with this centered , broadened awareness of the present …
Exit Meditation Gracefully and with Great Loving - kindness
When the time comes to leave meditation , remind yourself that there ’s a skill to leaving .
In other words , you do n’t just jump right out .
My teacher , Ajaan Fuang , once said that when most people meditate , it ’s as if they ’re climbing a ladder up to the second story of a building : step - by - step - by - step , rung - by - rung , slowly up the ladder .
But as soon as they get to the second story , they jump out the window .
Do n’t let yourself be that way .
Think of how much effort went into getting yourself centered .
Do n’t throw it away .
The first step in leaving is to spread thoughts of good will once more to all the people around you .
Then , before you open your eyes , remind yourself that even though you ’re going to have your eyes open , you want your attention to stay centered in the body , at the breath .
Try to maintain that center as long as you can , as you get up , walk around , talk , listen , whatever .
In other words , the skill of leaving meditation lies in learning how not to leave it , regardless of whatever else you may be doing .
Act from that sense of being centered .
If you can keep the mind centered in this way , you ’ll have a standard against which you can measure its movements , its reactions to the events around it and within it .
Only when you have a solid center like this can you gain insight into the movements of the mind .
Copyright © 1999 Thanissaro Bhikkhu
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Betty White on Barack Obama and Sarah Palin
The brilliant Betty White once again outdoes herself and charms the audience and the host of the Craig Ferguson show with this witty mock up of a John McCain adviser .
Watch and enjoy :
Well this is kinda wacky .
Citing a " very credible source , " Digg founder Kevin Rose tweeted that Google is readying " Google Me , " a social service intended to go toe - to - toe ( face - to - face ? ) with Facebook .
It 's like Google stalking , but official , and thus marginally less creepy !
Google Buzz , their most recent foray into social networking , was not a resounding success ( read : total privacy shitshow ) and I imagine there 's some lingering skepticism about Google 's ability to actually keep all of its users information on lockdown .
Advertisement
Then again , they already know just about everything there is to know about you , so maybe it'd be easier to forget Facebook altogether and just click a button in Gmail that says , " Yes !
Cull your extensive records to make a " Google Me " profile in my best image , selectively including the photographs and personal interests likeliest to get me laid . "
Kidding , kidding , I promise that 's not what I 'm all about .
Seriously !
Google me !
[ Kevin Rose via Runnin Scared and SF Weekly ]
their high school principal
told me I could n’t teach
poetry with profanity
so I asked my students ,
“ Raise your hand if you ’ve heard of the Holocaust . ”
in unison , their arms rose up like poisonous gas
then straightened out like an SS infantry
“ Okay .
Please put your hands down .
Now raise your hand if you ’ve heard of the Rwandan genocide . ”
blank stares mixed with curious ignorance
a quivering hand out of the crowd
half - way raised , like a lone survivor
struggling to stand up in Kigali
“ Luz , are you sure about that ? ”
“ No . ”
“ That ’s what I thought . ”
“ Carlos — what ’s genocide ? ”
they wo n’t let you hear the truth at school
if that person says “ fuck ”
ca n’t even talk about “ fuck ”
even though a third of your senior class
is pregnant .
I ca n’t teach an 18 - year - old girl in a public school
how to use a condom that will save her life
and that of the orphan she will be forced
to give to the foster care system —
“ Carlos , how many 13 - year - olds do you know that are HIV - positive ? ”
“ Honestly , none .
But I do visit a shelter every Monday and talk with
six 12 - year - old girls with diagnosed AIDS . ”
while 4th graders three blocks away give little boys blowjobs during recess
I met an 11 - year - old gang member in the Bronx who carries
a semi-automatic weapon to study hall so he can make it home
and you want me to censor my language
“ Carlos , what ’s genocide ? ”
your books leave out Emmett Till and Medgar Evers
call themselves “ World History ” and do n’t mention
King Leopold or diamond mines
call themselves “ Politics in the Modern World ”
and do n’t mention Apartheid
“ Carlos , what ’s genocide ? ”
you wonder why children hide in adult bodies
lie under light - color - eyed contact lenses
learn to fetishize the size of their asses
and simultaneously hate their lips
my students thought Che Guevara was a rapper
from East Harlem
still think my Mumia t- shirt is of Bob Marley
how can literacy not include Phyllis Wheatley ?
schools were built in the shadows of ghosts
filtered through incest and grinding teeth
molded under veils of extravagant ritual
“ Carlos , what ’s genocide ? ”
“ Roselyn , how old was she ?
Cuántos años tuvo tu madre cuando se murió ? ”
“ My mother had 32 years when she died .
Ella era bellísima . ”
… what ’s genocide ?
they ’ve moved from sterilizing “ Boriqua ” women
injecting indigenous sisters with Hepatitis B ,
now they just kill mothers with silent poison
stain their loyalty and love into veins and suffocate them
… what ’s genocide ?
Ridwan ’s father hung himself
in the box because he thought his son
was ashamed of him
… what ’s genocide ?
Maureen ’s mother gave her
skin lightening cream
the day before she started the 6th grade
… what ’s genocide ?
she carves straight lines into her
beautiful brown thighs so she can remember
what it feels like to heal
… what ’s genocide ?
… what ’s genocide ?
“ Carlos , what ’s genocide ? ”
“ Luz , this …
this right here …
is genocide . ”
- Carlos Andrés Gómez
If you liked this , I 'd highly recommend watching the spoken word version ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMK-rHaYD50 ) .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Coulrophobia , the fear of clowns , is widespread enough to claim a Wikipedia page , a dedicated Stephen King novel , and an Oscar - winning portrayal of an evil clown by Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight .
So it should probably not surprise anyone that the world 's clowns are extremely sensitive to anything that might inflame anti-clown sentiment .
The El Salvadorian sufferers of Caulrophobia had their worst fears reinforced recently when two criminals , dressed as clowns , brutally murdered a man on a public bus who refused to give them money .
The real clowns of El Salvador , not wanting to see their image besmirched , have taken to the streets of San Salvador in numbers as high as 100 to remind the world that most clowns are not , in fact , evil .
The Associated Press reports :
SAN SALVADOR , El Salvador —
About 100 professional clowns who make money by performing on public buses marched through Salvadoran capital Thursday to protest the killing of a passenger by two imposter clowns .
On Monday , a man was shot five times in the face and stomach when he declined to give money to two assailants dressed as clowns who boarded a public bus .
No one has been arrested .
The protesters — wearing oversized bow ties , tiny hats and big yellow pants — marched down San Salvador 's main street in an effort to both entertain and educate passersby .
Several held signs insisting that real clowns are not criminals .
" We are protesting so that people know we are not killers , " said professional clown Ana Noelia Ramirez .
" The people who did this are not clowns .
They unfortunately used our costume and our makeup to commit a monstrous act . "
Clown- union leader Carlos Vasquez says he plans to issue IDs to all real clowns and urge police to detain those who do not have them .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The folks at Terrafugia have moved the flying car even further into the mainstream this weekend thanks to a weight exemption granted by the FAA .
Advertisement
While that may sounds a bit dry , it does mean their " Transition Roadable Aircraft " is one of the better contenders out there for the moniker " flying car . "
The weight exemption ( an additional 110 pounds worth ) allows Terrafugia to accommodate road safety items like airbags , crumple zones and a safety cage — all things that are not found on your typical aircraft .
Having these items , however , means the plane would be in compliance with Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards .
Advertisement
To think , some day soon you 'll be able to safely land your Terrafugia flying car at Logan and then get tattooed by a road rage afflicted Masshole on the Mass .
Pike all in one day !
[ Terrafugia via Slashdot ]
NEW YORK – An angry mob showed up in lower Manhattan to protest the opening of an “ extremist Islamic center that aims to mock the tragedy of Sept. 11 , 2001 , and create an army of jihadists who ’ll wage a battle that will eventually , if successful , destroy the America . ”
Sound far - fetched ?
That ’s because it is .
The above statement is pure fabrication .
Pure fabrication – with the exception of the angry mob .
They actually did show up .
Egged on by right - wing talk radio and the rest of the tea party crowd , these people descended to protest a “ mosque ” they perceived to be too close to Ground Zero .
Every mosque , they argued , is a “ breeding ground for terrorists , as Islam is based in cruelty and terror and its logical outcome is the fight against modernity , democracy and tolerance . ”
Further , given that the 9/11 hijackers were Islamic , the hate - talkers say , the “ mosque ” must certainly be a slap in the face to those who perished .
( Whether or not this would be an insult to the several hundred Muslims who also died there was never explicitly said . )
What ’s being built two block away from Ground Zero is n’t even a mosque at all , but a community center based on Islamic values .
According to the website for Cordoba House , the center ’s name , the mission will “ [ promote ] tolerance , reflecting the rich diversity of New York City . ”
While these are likely not values appreciated by the frothing demonstrators , they are a far cry from mocking 9/11 victims .
Then there ’s the concept that if people of one religion do something wicked to some particular group or in some certain place , it naturally follows that the presence of that religion near the people or area where the atrocities occurred is somehow an insult .
But except in the case of Islam , no one in America believes that .
If that were the case , there should be no Christian churches near any synagogue , given the horrible persecution that Jews have experienced for centuries at the hands of Christians .
But there are synagogues and churches side - by - side all around this city .
And , of course , Catholic churches are allowed not only to be near , but also to run , elementary schools .
Most nakedly obvious is the blatant bigotry against Islam .
Those protesting the “ mosque ” argue that it is a religion of hate based on violence .
A fair reading of the Koran will reveal some truly ugly verses - but the same can be said of the Bible .
There are acts of genocide , incest , hatred , collective punishment , and so on in both the Old ( Torah ) and New Testaments .
But millions upon millions of religious people , Jewish , Christian and Islamic , base their faith not on this or that terrible verse , but on a perception that their preferred holy book tells them to love their neighbor .
Sure , Osama bin Laden calls himself a Muslim , but Pat Robertson ( who told America we deserved 9/11 ) calls himself a Christian .
In Israel , the hateful settlers take the Torah as their basis , but so do the progressive and democratic sections of the Zionist movement .
Just as most Christians and Jews are not extremists , neither are most Muslims .
In fact , the very center being protested has as its aim to “ provide a place where individuals , regardless of their backgrounds , will find a center of learning , art and culture ; and most importantly , a center guided by Islamic values in their truest form – compassion , generosity , and respect for all . ”
Compassion , generosity and respect for all :
These are values common to billions of Muslims , Christians and Jews , as well as any nonbeliever , Communist or true progressive .
Perhaps , most chilling of all is what these demonstrators were demanding : the government to stop the construction of a community center specifically because of the religion of those building it .
In short , they wanted the suspension of the Bill of Rights .
Is there anything more chilling than thousands of people demonstrating against fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution ?
Osama bin Laden and his thugs wanted to destroy the west , particularly the United States .
They failed miserably .
Only seven years after 9/11 , the American people elected the first ever African American president , a man who grew up in a Muslim country and whose middle name , Hussein , is the same as that of two current or recent Middle Eastern rulers .
There is a huge democratic movement in this country , with labor at its core , that is white , African American , Asian , Latino , Arab and that unites people of all faiths or lack thereof .
Its aim is to continue the very American tradition of the fight for peace , equality , democracy , civil rights and freedom - including of religion .
In an ironic twist , though many of them sported American flags , those protesting downtown had much less in common with this movement - and much more in common with bin Laden .
Photo : Rudi Odeh - Ramadan , of New York , speaks in support of a proposed mosque and cultural center near Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan to be named Cordoba House at a community board meeting in New York , May 25 .
Odeh - Ramadan stated she was a first responder on 9/11 in the wake of terror attacks in New York , and also supported the proposal .
Craig Ruttle / AP
( My daughter in an Amish schoolhouse )
I have written much about homeschooling versus public schooling .
I have done both and each has advantages and disadvantages .
I pretty much allow my kids to make their own choice as to the type of schooling they prefer and all three are in public schools right now .
But for weeks now I have been considering pulling rank and taking my middle child , my daughter , out of school and continuing her education at home .
I always thought she would be the best equipped to handle public schooling but some changes in her mood and behavior lately are causing some concern .
She is only in Kindergarten for cripes sake but if this year is an indication of more like this to come …
I am so very afraid .
Academically she is doing well and this is no surprise .. she is a VERY smart cookie .
Socially she is doing well , she has friends and she enjoys school for the part .
So I guess I am the one with the problem .
I have a problem with her being more than a little obsessed with how fashionable her clothes are .
I have a problem with her throwing tantrums if I try to make her wear the wrong color , a skirt that has not been bejeweled in some way , or heaven forbid .. a plain t- shirt .
I have a problem with everything she wears or owns either adding to or detracting from her “ popularity points ” at school .
No I am not kidding .
I have a BIG problem with my six year old little girl acting more like a freaking teenager with every single day she spends in these public institutions !
I also see a problem when observant family members start using terms like “ mean girl ” or “ diva ” to describe some of her behavior lately and not because they dared say it , but because they have a point .
This just confirms for me that public schools are the WORST type of social setting for kids .
They may or may not be good for education but for socialization and for exposing kids to good role models … they really suck .
I am putting so much effort in counteracting the bad stuff she learns there that it just makes sense to pull her out altogether .
I have some big decisions to make over the summer .
Do you have any advice or experience for me ?
In a policy shift that could lead to the international arrest and trial of kleptocrats , the White House last week said it views widespread corruption as a violation of basic human rights and is working to advance that view globally .
According to the administration ’s May 2010 National Security Strategy , the U.S. will “ promote the recognition that pervasive corruption is a violation of basic human rights and a severe impediment to development and global security . ”
Although the prior administration linked corruption to global and national security , viewing graft as a human - rights violation is a new position .
The administration said :
Strengthening International Norms Against Corruption :
We are working within the broader international system , including the U.N. , G - 20 , Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , and the international financial institutions , to promote the recognition that pervasive corruption is a violation of basic human rights and a severe impediment to development and global security .
We will work with governments and civil society organizations to bring greater transparency and accountability to government budgets , expenditures , and the assets of public officials .
And we will institutionalize transparent practices in international aid flows , international banking and tax policy , and private sector engagement around natural resources to make it harder for officials to steal and to strengthen the efforts of citizens to hold their governments accountable .
The International Criminal Court in the Hague has n’t been used against kleptocrats .
The Rome Statute that created the court extends to “ crimes against humanity ” but no one knows if that includes graft .
Commentators , academics and activists have been pressing the case that grand corruption should be internationally outlawed .
This is the first formal indication that President Obama , who may be frustrated that the FCPA does n’t reach corrupt foreign officials , could be putting his weight behind the idea as well .
There ’s a catch .
As of today , the United States is n’t one of the 108 State Parties to the Rome Statute .
Under the Clinton administration , the U.S. joined the 60 countries that supported the founding of the International Criminal Court .
But the Bush administration reversed that policy , citing risks to national sovereignty , and never signed the Rome Statute .
Download the May 2010 National Security Strategy here .
Special thanks to an astute reader in Washington for help with this post .
Who 's that girl ?
The Doctor 's new sidekick Karen Gillan stars in a glamorous photoshoot ahead of the forthcoming series
She 's the flame - haired new sidekick to Doctor Who and what better way to stamp your authority on a new role than with a glamorous photoshoot ?
Karen Gillan will assist another newcomer , Matt Smith , on his adventures in the new series of the BBC1 sci- fi series , and she recently took part in a shoot for InStyle magazine .
The 22 - year - old actress spoke to the magazine ahead of the start of the latest series and revealed that she was daunted by the new role and she once imitated R'n 'B diva Beyonce by dyeing her hair pink .
Companion : New Doctor
Who sidekick Karen Gillan poses in one of the photos from her shoot with InStyle magazine
Miss Gillan , who plays Amy Pond , showed fans of the show what they have to look forward in the shoot showing off her long legs in one photo , wearing a Sonia Rykiel yellow top with a pair of stripey shorts by Reiss .
In another shot she lets her red locks loose as she poses in a matching lilac jacket and skirt by Gucci .
The actress , who was born in Inverness , Scotland , admitted that she finds her new role terrifying - following in the footsteps of so many other great actresses .
Glamorous :
The actress poses in a matching jacket and skirt by Gucci
She said : ' It 's a pretty terrifying role , but a huge privilege to be part of an iconic show .
I 'm following a long line of great actresses who have played the companion , so it 's quite daunting .
I 'd love to sit down with them and have a good chat about it . '
Recent actresses who have filled the role of Doctor Who 's sidekick include Freema Agyeman , Billie Piper , Catherine Tate and even Kylie Minogue .
She also revealed that her mother did n't even know she'd got the part : ' My boyfriend knew , but I did n't tell anyone else , including my mum - she 's a huge Doctor Who fan and I did n't want to lumber her with the secret .
I only told her an hour before the public found out . '
New series : Matt Smith , who plays the eleventh Doctor Who , and Karen Gillan take time out in between shooting scenes for the BBC1 show in Cardiff
Out now : Karen Gillan 's interview is featured in InStyle magazine
And she spoke of her pride at having red hair , despite being bullied for it when she was younger .
She said : ' I got teased for being a redhead when I was younger , which is strange because I'm Scottish and there are loads of us - we should unite forces !
I love my red hair .
' When I was 15 , I dyed half my hair pink , inspired by the ' Bootylicious ' video .
My parents went mental !
I had it for a good few months - I kept re-dyeing it , because I thought it looked really cool .
That 's my biggest fashion faux pas to date ...'
Earlier this year producers on the show ran into trouble with fans after some viewers misinterpreted the regenerated Doctor 's line ' I 'm still not ginger ' .
In January parents of red - headed children were said to be particularly upset by what they perceived to be an insult .
They claimed the programme , which was the second part of a Christmas special and was seen by 11 million viewers , would encourage victimisation .
The BBC received 143 complaints and one mother said : ‘ I think it is totally inappropriate for the Doctor to make fun of people with ginger hair .
It is a programme children watch and I think it will encourage bullying '
But the BBC fought back in the row insisting that Dr Who had made the comment as a matter of regret - rather than relief .
The Corporation said : ‘ We ’ve received complaints from viewers who believed a line in Doctor Who : The End of Time was insulting to people with ginger hair .
' We would like to reassure viewers that Doctor Who does n’t have an anti-ginger agenda whatsoever .
‘ This was a reprise of the line in the Christmas Invasion episode in 2005 , when David Tennant discovers that he ’s not ginger , and here he is , missing out again — disappointed he ’s still not ginger . ’
The new series of Doctor Who begins later this year .
For more visit www.instyle.co.uk
The Incident
On a snowy winter day in 1991 , Lu Gang , a slightly built Chinese scholar who had recently received his Ph.D. in plasma physics , walked into a seminar room at the University of Iowa ’s Van Allen Hall , raised a snub - nose .38 - caliber Taurus pistol , and killed Professor Christoph Goertz , his thesis adviser ; Robert A. Smith , a member of his dissertation committee ; and Shan Linhua , a fellow Chinese graduate student and his rival .
Next , Lu went to the office of the chair of the Department of Physics and Astronomy , Dwight R. Nicholson , who was also on his dissertation committee , and fired three more fatal shots .
Then , he walked over to Jessup Hall and demanded to see T. Anne Cleary , associate vice - president for academic affairs .
When she emerged from her office , he killed her and then shot and maimed her twenty - three - year - old assistant .
Finally , in an empty conference room , Lu raised the pistol to his head and killed himself .
Why a brilliant , hard - working young Chinese physicist , who had come to the US six years earlier filled with pride and hope , had come to such a bitter end is the subject of Dark Matter , a recently released feature film by Chinese - born director Chen Shi-Zheng .
It stars Liu Ye as the initially idealistic and ambitious , then humiliated and enraged , protagonist ( named Liu Xing in the film ) ; Aidan Quinn as Liu ’s arrogant faculty adviser ( playing Christoph Goertz ) ; and Meryl Streep as a kind , if naive , patron of the university who befriends Chinese students .
Dark Matter may appear to be simply another film about a mass shooting spree at an American campus , albeit one with a Chinese twist .
When Liu Xing arrives at the University of Iowa from Beijing , he optimistically proclaims himself
so lucky to come to America , Meiguo , the Beautiful Country .
May we all find a dream here !…
I ’m going to solve the Dark Matter problem , win the Nobel Prize , and marry a blue - eyed American girl !
But he gradually becomes persuaded that his professors are conspiring to delay his degree and deny him his rightful recognition as a scholar .
His growing paranoia is only heightened when his Ph.D. orals committee refuses to sign off on his thesis until he redoes some of his computations , making it impossible for him to win the top dissertation prize he feels he deserves .
By the end of the film , his acute sense of humiliation has led to a psychotic state , and in a fit of murderous rage he kills the professors he once idealized .
But what gives Dark Matter wider significance is the filmmakers ’ use of the Iowa incident to explore — indirectly — some important psychological dynamics between China and the West : China ’s deeply felt sense of historic injury by foreign nations , and the ways its often thwarted efforts to gain acceptance among leading world powers have exacerbated such sentiments .
In the past , feelings of injury have arisen from such events as the Opium Wars and the Japanese occupation ; and most recently after the Tibetan demonstrations this spring and …
In this week 's " Ask a Physicist " we tackle the question of whether you could spin yourself nauseous if the universe really were empty , and why so many scifi writers get artificial gravity wrong .
Advertisement
Welcome to the first of our new bimonthly " Ask a Physicist " column .
All told , I 've received over 150 questions from curious readers on everything from ghosts and the afterlife to atoms and black holes .
I decided to bow out of spiritual questions and focus on ones about physics .
Today 's question comes from Professor Andrew Higgins who asks :
Is there an absolute reference frame for rotation ? ...
Imagine a space station in deep space ( interstellar ) .
Let 's say it spins to generate artificial gravity , a la the space station in 2001 .
What is it spinning relative to ?
The stars ?
Which stars ?
What if they are in a dust cloud and can't see any stars ?
Advertisement
I 've gotten some grief in the past for turning an overly serious eye to critiquing the science of science fiction , but in your darkest hours , you know you 've been guilty of far more egregious nit-picking .
Questions like " Why do nearly all aliens look just like us ( albeit with forehead makeup ) ? " or " How do I build a warp drive ? " haunt your dreams .
They 're also harmless enough because after all , we do n't really know those things might really work .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
There are others , like artificial gravity , that we know how to make work , and nearly every show and movie gets wrong .
There 's simply no excuse .
2001 got it right , and that was over forty years ago .
Babylon 5 got it right , and they were broadcast on TNT , for goodness sake .
You make artificial gravity by spinning your ship .
It 's as old as Newton 's laws .
The natural state of motion for a particle is to move in a straight line and at a constant speed .
By spinning the ship , and assuming that the radius of the ship is large enough so that your head and feet are moving at roughly the same speed , you 'll feel a comfortable artificial gravity where the " out " is " down , " and everything behaves like earth normal .
Advertisement
Newton could have designed artificial gravity ships , but he was plagued by a question that would n't be answered until the early 20th century .
One of the central themes in Newtonian mechanics ( and Einstein 's special relativity , by the way ) is the idea that there 's no way that you can tell if you are moving at a constant speed and direction or whether you are standing still .
As a result of this , you get some pretty confusing results .
But should n't that apply to all motion , not just motion in a straight line ?
Advertisement
Supposing there was a bucket in deep space with nothing around it , and we fill the bucket with water and start the bucket spinning around the vertical axis .
As it spins , the water will rise up the sides of the bucket , and act like a centrifuge , just like Clarke 's Discovery
One or one of those gravitron rides at the amusement park .
How do the bucket and the water know they 're spinning if there 's nothing to compare the motion to ?
As an added bonus , try answering this question without using the word " space . "
Advertisement
The philosopher Ernst Mach picked up this question in the 19th century and concluded :
[ The ] investigator must feel the need of ... knowledge of the immediate connections , say , of the masses of the universe .
There will hover before him as an ideal insight into the principles of the whole matter , from which accelerated and inertial motions will result in the same way .
Advertisement
Or , more simply , " Mass there influences inertia here . "
The notion is a little more sophisticated than it seems at first .
Of course distant mass affects objects here .
That 's just a little thing called gravity .
But that 's not what Mach was saying .
What he was saying was that if you were to somehow average over all of the stuff in the universe , we could find some sort of absolute rest frame and then Newton 's bucket would rotate compared to that .
Advertisement
We probably would have forgotten about Mach in this context ( although he would still , of course , be remembered by the shaving system that bears his name ) , were it not for the fact that Einstein was obsessed with Mach 's principle .
Does Mach 's principle holds up in relativity ?
In special relativity – the theory of mechanics in the absence of gravity - no gravity means no distant stars and thus no fixed frame .
And yet , even in an ( otherwise ) empty universe , special relativity says that you would feel artificial gravity in a gravitron .
When we do particle physics calculations , for example , we never include gravity , but we always include centripetal force and angular momentum , and everything comes out fine .
The problem is that it 's not clear whether we 've just gotten lucky or whether there 's something deeper .
We do n't really know whether these calculations would work in a truly empty universe .
Advertisement
Fortunately , both for our existence and for answering this puzzle , ours is not an empty universe , and general relativity tells us just how to deal with the masses in the universe .
John
Wheeler gave a succinct ( and widely quoted ) summary : " Space tells matter how to move , and matter tells space how to curve . "
What 's more ( and as a freebie answer to the three or four folks who asked it ) the gravitational waves travel through space at the speed of light .
In other words , so long as there are things other than the bucket in the universe , the overall gravitational field has to take account of all of everything self consistently .
In other words :
1. General relativity seems to obey Mach 's principle in universes with stuff in them .
Advertisement
2 . Our universe has stuff in it .
3. 2001 would work in even the darkest , loneliest corner of the cosmos .
Except for the weird psychodelic part .
I never quite understood that .
Advertisement
Now that we 've got that worked out , there 's no excuse for bogus artificial gravity devices in your sci- fi anymore .
You can concentrate on more pressing issues like FTL drives or why nearly all aliens speak the same language .
Dave Goldberg is the author , with Jeff Blomquist , of " A User 's Guide to the Universe : Surviving the Perils of Black Holes , Time Paradoxes , and Quantum Uncertainty . "
( Become a fan on facebook ! )
He is an associate professor of Physics at Drexel University .
Feel free to send him your questions about the universe .
Pin 0 Shares
One thing that always makes me cringe is when I hear about someone who has been asked to co-sign on a loan for a friend or family member .
I cringe because I know just how often those situations can turn bad , and how the co-signer can often be left holding the bag .
Continues after Advertisement
Usually there 's a reason why the borrower is being asked to get someone to co-sign for them .
Because they 've a risky loan for the bank to make .
You Are Liable For A Cosigned Loan
The problem with co-signed loans is that far too often people do n't know what they 're signing up for .
They think they 're just signing on the dotted line to vouch for their friend or family member , when in fact they 're actually becoming 100 % liable for the debt .
Some things you should know about cosigning a loan , from the FTC :
If you co-sign and the borrower misses a payment , the lender can collect from you immediately .
You are being asked to guarantee someone else 's debt when you co-sign a loan .
If you are considering co-signing , be sure you can afford to pay the loan .
Your liability for the loan may keep you from getting other credit you may want .
Before you pledge property , such as a car , to secure the loan , make sure you understand the consequences .
If the borrower defaults , you could lose your property .
Reasons Why Co-Signing Is A Bad Idea
There are a lot of good reasons that co-signing a loan is n't a good idea .
Among them :
The person you 're signing for IS a credit risk :
If the person had good credit and was n't considered at risk for default , they would n't need you to co-sign for them .
Before you co-sign ask yourself if you would just directly lend this person money – because essentially you may be doing just that .
: If the person had good credit and was n't considered at risk for default , they would n't need you to co-sign for them .
Before you co-sign ask yourself if you would just directly lend this person money – because essentially you may be doing just that .
You are putting your own money on the line :
When you co-sign your own money and property are on the line , but you are n't able to affect whether the other person pays their loan or not .
In the end you may end up paying for the loan yourself .
In fact , of loans that default , up to 75 % of the co-signers may end up paying for the loan !
: When you co-sign your own money and property are on the line , but you are n't able to affect whether the other person pays their loan or not .
In the end you may end up paying for the loan yourself .
In fact , of loans that default , up to 75 % of the co-signers may end up paying for the loan !
When you co-sign it changes and risks the relationship :
When you co-sign for a loan , it ends up changing the relationship to a point where the relationship is risked if the person ends up defaulting .
Why put yourself in this position and risk your relationships ?
Want some wisdom from a higher source ?
How about these bible verses from Proverbs – once again , they speak to the folly of co-signing .
A man lacking in judgment strikes hands in pledge and puts up security for his neighbor .
( Proverbs 17:18 NIV )
Do not be a man who strikes hands in pledge or puts up security for debts ; if you lack the means to pay , your very bed will be snatched from under you .
( Proverbs 22:26-27 NIV )
But I Want To Help !
What Should I Do ?
A lot of people find themselves in a situation where they want to help , and they end up co-signing because they do n't know what else to do .
Remember , however that in the end you may not be helping them as much as you might think .
You may be harming the relationship by saying yes .
Instead of co-signing why not try one of these ideas :
Giving money directly as a gift : Sometimes you want to help , but do n't want to strain the friendship because of a borrower / debtor relationship .
Instead of co-signing , why not just give them a gift ( if you can afford it ) , and if they want to , they can pay you back ?
: Sometimes you want to help , but do n't want to strain the friendship because of a borrower / debtor relationship .
Instead of co-signing , why not just give them a gift ( if you can afford it ) , and if they want to , they can pay you back ?
Offer to help in ways besides money :
Instead of putting your money and possessions on the line , offer to help the person in other ways .
Help them to find a better job , offer to help them with their finances , drive them to job interviews .
: Instead of putting your money and possessions on the line , offer to help the person in other ways .
Help them to find a better job , offer to help them with their finances , drive them to job interviews .
Encourage them to save up and pay cash :
The person you 're trying to help may not actually need to buy the thing they 're trying to finance .
Why not encourage them to save up and pay cash instead of incurring new debt ?
: The person you 're trying to help may not actually need to buy the thing they 're trying to finance .
Why not encourage them to save up and pay cash instead of incurring new debt ?
If you co-sign anyway , make sure the item is in your name :
Make sure that your name is on the title or deed for the purchased item if you end up going against advice and co-signing .
That way , if you 're taking on the risk , you can also have some recourse if the item needs to be sold or repossessed .
Co-Signing Horror Story – Let This Be A Lesson To You
Here 's one co-signing horror story I read just today over at MSN Money .
Unfortunately stories like this are all too common :
My biggest mistake was to co-sign a student loan for my ex-boyfriend 's younger brother .
I have a problem saying no to people that I feel have been dealt a bad hand in life .
I felt sorry for him because his family could n't and would n't help him , and I knew he really wanted to go to school .
I thought it was a good thing and that he was on the right path with the right mindset .
I wanted to believe in him .
It turns out that he made me sign for two loans , not one like he told me .
He had me sign the second loan by saying that the school lost the original papers and he had to resubmit the paperwork .
Being the naive and trusting fool that I am , I believed him .
Turns out he dropped out of school shortly after starting , and did n't give the school any notice so they could refund part of the money .
He owed the creditor the full loan amount of almost $ 9,000 .
He did not make any payments for almost four years after dropping out — which , after fees , increased the amount owed to over $ 13,000 .
Now , years later , and after numerous phone calls , false promises , pleas and threats , he has finally made a deal with them to make three monthly payments for a reduced amount agreed upon .
He could not come up with the second month 's payment so I had to borrow from my credit card in order to help out , in the hopes that I can salvage what 's left of my nonexistent credit after this is done with .
He claims he will pay me back , but I wo n't hold my breath .
If my advice does n't scare you out of co-signing on a loan , hopefully the story above will .
Do n't allow yourself to be guilted into signing onto a loan for someone else 's stuff !
You get all of the risk , but none of the benefit !
What do you think about co-signing on a loan ?
Have you ever co-signed , and if so , how did it turn out ?
Tell us your thoughts about the topic in the comments !
\ If you co-sign and the borrower misses a
payment , the lender can collect from you
immediately .
\ You are being asked to guarantee someone
else 's debt when you co-sign a loan .
\ If you are considering co-signing , be sure
you can afford to pay the loan .
\ Your liability for the loan may keep you from
getting other credit you may want .
\ Before you pledge property , such as a car , to
secure the loan , make sure you understand
the consequences .
If the borrower defaults ,
you could lose your property .
Pin 0 Shares
Sorry about this , as your browser does n't support HTML5 , the emerging video standard for the web .
Please watch the movie without HTML5 , or download Firefox 3.6 and watch the video with built - in support for HTML5 video .
Chechnya ’s president , Ramzan A. Kadyrov , ordered the kidnapping of a Chechen whistle - blower in Vienna last year , in which the man was fatally shot , Austria ’s counterterrorism department concluded after a yearlong investigation .
The nation ’s public prosecutor ’s office released the news on Tuesday .
Mr. Kadyrov , who is supported by the Kremlin and Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , has denied any role in the killing of the whistle - blower , Umar S. Israilov , who was living in exile when he was fatally shot last year .
But the Austrian government ’s investigators concluded that Mr. Kadyrov ordered that Mr. Israilov be kidnapped , and that the group of Chechens who tried to snatch Mr. Israilov from a Viennese street botched the job .
One of them shot Mr. Israilov after he broke free and tried to escape , the investigators found .
Their conclusions , pointed and direct but based largely on circumstantial evidence , shift the focus now to Austria ’s federal prosecutors ’ office , which has been preparing indictments .
Chelsea – Premiership champions 2009 / 10 .
A great side ?
Probably not , but it ’s hard to argue that , over the course of the season , they do not deserve to lift the trophy .
In terms of the players who have started the greatest number of matches , Chelsea ’s XI this season reads : Petr Cech ( 34 ) ; Branislav Ivanovic ( 21 ) , John Terry ( 37 ) , Ricardo Carvalho ( 22 ) , Ashley Cole ( 25 ) ; Jon Obi Mikel ( 21 ) , Michael Ballack ( 26 ) , Frank Lampard ( 36 ) , Florent Malouda ( 25 ) , Nicolas Anelka ( 31 ) and Didier Drogba ( 31 ) .
And yet , on only one one occasion this season has that XI actually started a match together , in the 2 - 0 home victory over Arsenal in February , when Ancelotti fielded a Christmas Tree formation with Anelka and Malouda playing Didier Drogba .
That system has not been the regular system for Chelsea throughout the season , however .
Indeed , Chelsea have won the league despite it being difficult to identify Carlo Ancelotti ’s first - choice XI , or even his first - choice formation .
He began the season with a diamond midfield – something rarely seen throughout Premiership history – as Chelsea threatened to run away with the title .
They won twelve of their first fourteen games with a cumulative score of 37 - 8 .
The main problem with the diamond shape though , as always , was its lack of width .
Neither Anelka or Drogba is particularly comfortable drifting wide , whilst Florent Malouda playing ‘ from in to out ’ does n’t have the effect fielding a natural winger does .
The natural solution , therefore , was for the full - backs to get forward to provide width , and Ashley Cole and Jose Bosingwa ’s pace and energy meant Chelsea could afford to play a narrow midfield .
Boswingwa ’s season - ending injury in mid-October was a big blow to the diamond , however ( until then he had started every game ) as Ancelotti was forced to turn to Branislav Ivanovic at right - back .
Ivanovic is an excellent defender and has had a very good season , but does n’t offer the attacking threat of Bosingwa .
Having spent much of the season at right - back , he has improved on the ball , but initially he did n’t work with the diamond .
This weakness in Chelsea ’s system was exposed when Manchester United visited Stamford Bridge , as Sir Alex Ferguson deployed Antonio Valencia high up the pitch to nullify Ashley Cole , with Ryan Giggs tucked in on the other side .
This meant that United could match Chelsea ’s diamond AND prevent the threat from left - back with a right - winger , leaving one striker up the pitch .
Ivanovic was free and had time to advance , but he was not as much of an attacking threat as Bosingwa would have been , and Ferguson was happy for him to have the ball .
United dominated the game , and were unfortunate to lose .
ZM said at the time that Chelsea won that match despite – rather than because of - the diamond , and that Ferguson had effectively found it out .
Soon after , Chelsea hit problems – a draw at home to Everton , a loss at Manchester City , a draw away at West Ham , a draw at Birmingham – and late 2 - 1 wins over Fulham and Portsmouth .
Jack Collison and Shaun Wright - Phillips played Valencia - esque roles against Ashley Cole , and Chelsea continued to struggle for width .
Two narrow wins from six games was not title - winning form , even if they still started the new decade on top of the league .
The Africa Cup of Nations was held up as something that might derail Chelsea ’s season , but it turned out to be crucial in keeping them on top .
The absence of Drogba ( and Saloman Kalou ) meant Chelsea did n’t have the resources to continue with a two - striker system , and so Ancelotti reverted to a ‘ christmas tree ’ shape , with Joe Cole and Florent Malouda floating behind Nicolas Anelka .
They barely missed Drogba in wins over Sunderland , Birmingham and Burnley , and the Cole - Malouda - Anelka trident would later guide Chelsea to important wins , including the ultimately crucial 1 - 2 victory at Old Trafford , and the crushing 7 - 1 win over Aston Villa .
The final third of the season saw Ancelotti playing various shapes – the diamond , the christmas tree , and a 4 - 3 - 3 / 4 -2-3-1 – and it often appeared he was n’t quite sure of his best system .
This was a problem against a well - drilled , efficient Inter side , and Chelsea were deservedly beaten home and away .
In the Premiership , however , Ancelotti could get away with the constant switches because the defensive base of the side remained the same .
It always featured a back four , and always featured ( at least ) three midfielders who started from the centre of the pitch .
Whether the three forwards were arranged in a wide system or in a more narrow setting did n’t make too much difference to how Chelsea ’s defence operated .
We never saw a three - man defence , or a traditional four - man midfield , and Ancelotti was rigid in the fact he always played a back four supplemented with three central midfielders – in this sense similar to how Mourinho ’s Chelsea operated .
Further forward , Ancelotti was able to adapt the shape to suit the game – and suit his on - form players .
Malouda , Drogba and Lampard all peaked at different points in the season , and all preferred slightly different formations .
Whichever system Chelsea played , it always brought the absolute best out of one of those three – Malouda and Drogba played their best football in a Chelsea shirt , whilst Frank Lampard ended the season with 14 goals in 11 games .
Admittedly , the flipside of this was that Chelsea did n’t really find a system that completely suited their two creative players ( Lampard and Malouda ) as well as their two strikers ( Drogba and Anelka ) at the same time .
In the diamond , Lampard ’s midfield runs were restricted and Malouda was playing too centrally , but Drogba and Anelka were on fire .
In the 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 , Anelka struggled behind the frontman and Drogba ’s link play was n’t great , but Lampard and Malouda were in their element .
The system worked better with Anelka upfront , and Drogba benched , as against Manchester United .
Ancelotti never found a system that suited all four , so Chelsea relied on individual brilliance in the final third rather than a genuinely cohesive shape .
Often this worked brilliantly – recording 7 - 2 , 7 - 1 , 7 - 0 and 8 - 0 victories in the final four months of the season .
When one player did n’t provide inspiration , however , they suddenly looked completely out of ideas , as the two defeats to Inter , the 2 - 4 loss against Manchester City and the limp 2 - 1 defeats away to Everton and away to Tottenham showed .
But maybe , when your two strikers are Anelka and Drogba – hardly the definition of ‘ team players ’ – you have to bring the best out of the individuals rather than worry too much about the combination play .
They ended the system with something more like a 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 ( as against Liverpool ) which was ruthless and looked unstoppable , but this would n’t have been an option throughout the season – a central midfield partnership of Lampard and Ballack would surely have struggled against the genuinely top sides in the Premiership and Champions League .
In all , Chelsea deserve the title , even if crucial , incorrect refereeing decisions in both victories over Manchester United can be pinpointed as fortunate moments .
Ancelotti becomes just the fifth manager in Premiership history to win the title , and records only the second league victory of his career .
A common criticism of struggling managers is that they ‘ do n’t know their best eleven ’ , but with this victory , Ancelotti has proven that you do n’t always need to .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
TechRadar reports that a representative of Opera Software , the company behind the Opera browser for a number of platforms including the iPhone OS , has stepped into the discussion of Adobe 's Flash and its role in Web content at the present and going forward .
According to Opera product analyst Phillip Grnvold , Opera will continue to support
Flash in its products due to it being an integral part of the Web experience , but sees Flash taking a backseat to HTML5 in the future for video - based content .
" But at Opera we say that the future of the web is open web standards and Flash is not an open web standards technology .
" Flash does have its purposes and will have its purposes , the same as [ Microsoft's ]
Silverlight and others , especially for dynamic content .
" But flash as a video container makes very little sense for CPU , WiFi battery usage etcetera - you can cook an egg on [ devices ] once you start running Flash on them and there 's a reason for that . "
While Opera may not be going as far as Apple CEO Steve Jobs 's condemnation of Flash , it is clear that the company believes in a future where Flash plays a less ubiquitous role in the Web experience and open standards such as HTML5 arise to provide more universal access to content .
Microsoft has expressed similar views in recent days , acknowledging that it is throwing its weight behind H.264 - based HTML5 for video content in its forthcoming Internet Explorer 9 .
While IE9 will continue to support plug-ins such as Flash Player , Microsoft too is expecting Adobe 's dominant role as a container for video content on the Web to wane over time .
The University of Cincinnati expanded it ’s Standards for the Built Environment to include at least one gender - neutral restroom in all new buildings added to UC ’s campus .
The new policy reads :
“ The University of Cincinnati is dedicated to meeting the diverse needs and interests of its students , faculty , staff and visitors including those who identify as lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , queer , intersex or are questioning their sexual orientation or gender identity ( LGBTQ ) .
In an effort to meet the diverse needs , all new buildings and buildings undergoing half - life renovations ( a major renovation where the majority of a building ’s systems is being replaced or upgraded ) shall have a unisex / gender neutral restroom . ”
Additionally , all gendered , single - user restrooms on campus will be changed to gender - neutral by fall 2010 .
Often gender - variant people — especially transgender people who are not read as the gender they identify with — have difficulty choosing a gendered restroom to use and / or experience harassment or even violence for being in the seemingly incorrect restroom .
Gender - neutral restrooms serve as an alternative , open for anyone to use .
For more on gender - neutral restrooms , check out the Transgender Law Center ‘s “ Peeing in Peace ” and previous posts “ Not about bathrooms but recognition ” and “ GenderF*ck causes bathroom confusion . ”
A list of UC ’s gender - neutral restrooms can be found on GenderBloc ’s website .
The hype surrounding the iPad may have died down a bit , but if comments on Ars and the tech press coverage of Google I/O are anything to go by , the hype surrounding Android - based iPad competitors is just getting started .
NVIDIA 's Tegra 2 in particular is heavily anticipated as a chip that can elevate the nascent tablet gaming scene to new heights , and videos of a Tegra 2 - based prototype tablet have been making the rounds online .
When I heard that Tegra 2 tablets would be at the Netbook Summit earlier this week , I made plans to drive down to Burlingame specifically to check them out .
I wanted to see Tegra 2 , with its dual - core Cortex A9 and NVIDIA - made GPU , in action .
I 've been a big booster of the idea that an Android - or webOS - based tablet could be superior to the iPad in a number of key respects , so I was prepared to be wowed by the demo units .
And I was kind of wowed ... but not in a good way .
As one of the major sponsors of the summit , NVIDIA had a strong presence .
Their booth at the exhibit hall featured three different Tegra 2 tablet prototypes , all running Android .
As I poked around at the different apps available for demo purposes — a
Web browser , the Cooliris - based Gallery application , an AIR - based prototype of the newly launched Wired tablet app , and a short game that involved guiding a football player down the field — confusion began to set in .
The performance stank .
It was a stutter - fest .
Worse - than - Nexus
One performance was not what I was expecting from these prototypes .
Resizing pages with the Web browser was jerky and uneven .
The Gallery app stuttered a bit and generally was n't nearly as responsive as it is on my Nexus One phone .
And the Wired tablet app was just awful , running as it did on Adobe 's AIR platform .
If you compare the demo app to the Wired iPad app released Wednesday , the difference is night and day in terms of performance .
All three tablet prototypes were a huge let - down .
Interestingly enough , the 3D football game ran quite smoothly , and this is despite the noticeable stutter in the Android interface , Gallery app , and Web browser .
In fact , that football game was about the only thing that ran smoothly .
Unfortunately , it was n't that spectacular of a demo piece , because the players did n't appear to have many polygons — in all , the graphics were n't much better than Dungeon Hunter on the iPad , at least not that I could tell .
I chatted with the NVIDIA rep on - site about the problems , and his initial response was to tell me how many times more powerful a 1GHz Tegra 2 is than the iPad 's A4 .
I told him I was well aware of the differences between the two chips , and I even began to rattle off microarchitectural details of both designs so that he'd know that I was n't some random journalist .
He then told me that the tablets were running a beta version of Android 2.1 ( Eclair ) , and that most of the apps I was looking at were betas .
In all , it 's a genuine mystery as to why these tablets were in such rough shape .
It could be some combination of beta software and beta GPU drivers — but really , I have no idea .
It seems to defy the laws of physics that a Tegra 2 - based Android tablet would have a less responsive UI than the Snapdragon - based Nexus One , but that was my experience yesterday .
And forget about comparisons to the iPad .
The iPad 's performance so far exceeded the three prototypes that the only way I can think of that these prototypes were put into the hands of the public is that nobody at NVIDIA actually owns an iPad .
If I were n't a regular iPad user and did n't know what a responsive touch UI was like , I could see where I might think that the prototypes ' performance was acceptable for a set of early demo models .
One other issue with the Android tablets concerns the general scalability of the user interface .
I mentioned this in a previous post , and my experience with an Android tablet only confirmed what I wrote earlier .
So many of the Android UI elements just do n't look so great when they 're stretched all the way across a wide tablet screen .
This is because most of the UI elements that work on smartphone screens do n't make the jump to the tablet very elegantly .
Issues like this are why the iPad runs a tablet - specific version of Apple 's phone OS ; perhaps Google could take a page from Apple 's playbook and release Android : Tablet Edition .
App developers are going to want to make " HD " or " XL " versions of their Android apps , and they wo n't be able to do the tablet form factor justice without a new set of widgets .
The future is still bright for Google / ARM tablets
I do n't think that my experience yesterday really reflects what Tegra 2 - based tablets will look like when they start coming to market in the latter part of the year .
Some combination of Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) and driver optimization will fix all of these issues .
I recount the experience , though , to make the point that the Android tablets are n't yet fully baked , which is almost certainly why you can't run out and buy one right now at Best Buy .
Both Google and the OEMs still have to get these ready for prime time .
In the long run , Chrome OS is a much more likely candidate for an official Google - branded tablet than is Android .
Web - based interfaces are made with larger screen sizes in mind .
More importantly , though , Chrome OS is n't a smartphone OS — it 's designed for thin - client desktops , and it does n't have to make tradeoffs to fit into smartphone hardware .
All Chrome OS plans aside , Android is what 's freely available now for tablet makers to use , so that 's what will be shipping on many upcoming tablets .
With some performance optimizations the OS will be serviceable for tablets , and an expanded palette of more tablet - friendly interface elements would go a long way toward making it a true iPad competitor .
A normal morning commute turned into every straphanger ’s worst nightmare for a Brooklyn woman who was suddenly , violently attacked by a madman in a subway station as two transit workers looked on .
Before Lisseth Choez , 22 , knew what was happening , the hulking 6 - foot stranger smashed his fist into her cheek .
He grabbed the stunned woman ’s head , slamming it into an iron gate in the nearly empty waiting area of the Lorimer Street elevated station in Brooklyn .
As two MTA employees watched the assault and screamed from inside their secure booth , the man in the white undershirt kept beating Choez — kicking her and punching her in the head until her eye socket fractured .
She begged the station agents to call police .
He then grabbed her by the neck in a chokehold , lifting the terrified Choez into the air before throwing her like a rag doll to the platform .
It was 10 minutes of hell before police finally showed up and subdued Timothy Prude , 43 , who managed to slug a cop during his arrest .
The Aug. 18 , 2009 , attack never should have happened , Choez claims , because Prude had been in police custody at nearby Woodhull Hospital minutes before , according to a lawsuit she filed last week in Brooklyn Supreme Court .
“ She ’s still very fragile , ” lawyer Alexis Soterakis said of Choez .
The $ 1 million lawsuit says the NYPD and the city Health and Hospitals Corp. , which oversees Woodhull , should have known Prude was dangerous .
It was unclear exactly how Prude managed to leave the hospital ; Choez accuses both agencies of failing to keep her attacker from “ removing himself from custody . ”
Choez , who is also suing the MTA , says the transit workers failed to alert police quickly , even as they watched Prude beat her to a bloody pulp .
Station agents are n’t allowed to leave the booth or let anyone inside , said an NYC Transit spokesman , who added that station agents can contact emergency personnel via a booth communication system .
But spokesman Charles Seaton declined to say exactly when or how the station agents who witnessed Choez ’s horrifying ordeal contacted police , referring questions about the attack to the NYPD .
But police could not confirm it had Prude in custody prior to the vicious attack on Choez at the elevated station just blocks from her Williamsburg home .
Prude was slapped with second - and third - degree assault charges , menacing and harassment in the incident , and earned additional assault , criminal - mischief and resisting - arrest charges the next day , when he allegedly kicked out the rear window of a police car and tried to climb out , all while handcuffed , according to the Brooklyn District Attorney ’s Office .
City sources said that since the arrest last summer , Prude has been transferred several times from jail to Bellevue Hospital and was moved to a state hospital in March .
kathianne.boniello@nypost.com
“ He also speaks on being compared to Trey Songz and others who are known “ baby - making ” hit makers . ”
Over the years , Marques Houston has grown tremendously as a man and an artist .
With a woman in his life before his release of the Naked album , in which she inspired , he has shown a more aggressive view in his music and with his love life .
Now it is n’t bad to have a lady “ kickin ’ and screamin ' ” ( the name of his latest single ) in the bedroom , a man loves for his woman to put up the fight , in fact allow him to “ Pull on Her Hair ” ( second single off the album ) , something Marques likes to do himself .
Maybe Marques had a point , love and passion do rule the soul analysis , like a second look at what you encounter in life ; sometimes it even allows your audience to join you in the bedroom experience too .
Mattress Music , dropping July 27th , is full of sensual and sexual experiences , in his words “ Someone will be having babies to this album . ” Imani of Singersroom interviews Mr. Houston about his television career , IMX reunion and music .
SR : As a solo artist , for this long , how do you feel you have matured ?
MH : I think I have matured a lot as a man first .
Being in this industry for so long , I will be 29 this year in August , I think as you mature naturally , you mature in your music as well .
SR : How has your music matured ?
MH : Your artistry reflects who you are as a person .
My voice has definitely matured a lot .
I think I ’ve gotten better as a musician , writer and producer .
And as far as elements of production , I think I am more involved with my career than a few years ago .
SR : So we have n’t seen you on television , are you doing anything on screen or behind the scenes .
The last we saw you was in Cuts , and long time favorite , Sister Sister .
What do you have in store for us ?
MH : I have a few television projects in development .
A couple of shows I am on the screen and some I am executive producer .
But , I definitely want to get back into acting because I feel like that is one of my strongest positions throughout my career .
I miss it .
SR : Is there a woman in your life ?
Are you dating ?
MH : I guess .
( Laughs )
There is definitely a very special woman in my life right now .
SR : How is the album , Mattress Music , different from the last ?
MH :
It is very different from the last because this album speaks for itself .
It is more sensual and sexy .
The last album was about love and finding love .
The difference is the last one was very personal and this one is a baby - making album .
SR : Oh , okay so we should n’t see any babies soon right ?
MH : Oh well , I do n’t have any babies , but someone will certainly be making some babies to this album .
SR : You ’ve released kickin’ and screamin’ , your first single off the album , what was the motive for the title ?
MH : Well we were trying to think of different aspects of sexual experiences in the bedroom for this album .
Kickin ’ and screamin ’ is kind of like a term or phrase to express how she is acting in the bedroom .
Like “ she loves the way Iâ¦ so she going to be kickin ’ and screamin ’ “ or vice versa .
It ’s a positive and negative in the sense , when I leave she is kickin’ and screamin’ , but when I you know when I ’m making love to her ; she is kickin’ and screamin ’ because she is excited .
The song goes both ways .
SR : So your next single , “ Pullin ’ on Your Hair ” isâ ¦
MH : Yea . ( Laughs ) “ Pullin on Your Hair ” featuring Rick Ross is self explanatory .
She loves it when I ’m pulling on her hair .
It speaks for itself .
When you ’re making love and you ’re pulling on that hair , she loves it .
A man being aggressive is what a woman wants in the bedroom and most of the women that I have dated , like aggression and passion .
SR : What were you feeling when you recorded it ?
MH : I was feeling very aggressive when I recorded it ; actually this entire album .
It is very aggressive , passionate and sexy .
I feel like you have to be in the zone when you are making music .
So all that aggression and passion exudes in this album .
SR : What else should we expect from the album ?
MH : You can expect great music .
At the end of the day , although the lyrical content and titles are very sexual and aggressive , it is good music .
The production is really great .
Shout out to Eric , Chris Stokes and myself for producing this entire album .
The production is good and really great .
This album is something you can kick back to a listen to along with going into the bedroom with it .
SR : Trey Songs released Anticipation last summer as a mixtape , which has done extremely well ; do you think your album will compete with his , since you are releasing it in the summer , like he did .
MH : Well , I do n’t like to compare myself to anybody .
I have been in the business for a long time and I have influence new comers as well as when I entered ; I was influenced by R. Kelly , who had that hit “ Bump ‘ n ’ Grind ” and more .
R. Kelly is the master of that .
So with my Naked album , which was in 2005 , I think I definitely had some influence over R&B music and albums that came out after Naked .
I am not trying to say that I influenced Trey Songz or influence anyone else .
Trey Songz and I actually hang out and have worked together in the studio before .
I will say I think myself , Ne - Yo , Trey Songz and R. Kelly ; we have all influenced the sexual side of music .
I do n’t see it as competition , but as encouragement to hop in the studio .
I am a big fan of music and it has had a big impression on me .
So when I hear records from another artist , I say “ Damn , I need to get in the studio and improve and make some hits myself ” .
Its friendly competition and at the end of the day , we all want to make good music .
SR : So who influenced this album ?
MH : Uh , I would say my special lady .
( Laughs )
My special lady has really influenced this album and the last album .
She along with me growing as a man .
Being exposed to this industry and life has been the inspiration behind this album .
SR : Is IMX / Immature having a reunion ?
MH : Well , we did a photo shoot and I Twitpic ’d it on Twitter , like a past and present photo op and the reaction to how we have changed was large amongst just Twitter itself .
A lot of people were very shocked .
We have had a few meetings and we have talked about some things , but we will see .
I mean , who knows what may happen with that venture .
SR : Where can people find you ?
MH : www.twitter.com/MarquesHouston www.marques-houston.com to get all the latest info .
SR : Describe your work in three words .
MH : Complicated .
Aggressive .
Hard
SR : Aggressive must be your favorite word ?
MH : Yea .
I am an aggressive man .
As I got older , I got more aggressive with my music .
I have my own label now , Music Works ; you have to be more aggressive , which I am learning to do .
SR : Describe yourself in three words .
MH : Passionate .
Loving .
Sensitive .
SR : Any last words for Singersroom ?
MH : I am passionate about what I do .
I love to act , entertain , performer and more .
I do not want the fame and glory ; ya’ll can have all of that .
I am happy .
Everyone go buy my album .
It releases July 27th and this is really good music .
You will enjoy it .
—— By : Interview By Imani Pope
The folks from Brooks Baseball published this Pitch F/X data on the strikes called by Dale Scott today and a reader called it to our attention .
The red triangles are the pitches Scott called strikes thrown by the Blue Jays .
The red boxes are pitches Scott called strikes that were thrown by the Red Sox .
Um , yeah .
I ’m not suggesting Dale Scott had the house on Toronto .
But his strike zone was all over the place and it hurt the Red Sox more than it did the Jays .
Here ’s David Ortiz ’s at - bat in the ninth .
It would seem Big Papi had a good reason for his furor :
Advertisement
What struck me is David went nuts and Scott did n’t toss him .
That ’s usually a sign the umpire knows he screwed up .
In the end , the umpires are people and they make mistakes or have bad days .
Over the course of the season there are probably a handful of games when the Sox get the sharp end of the stick and a handful of games when they benefit from bad calls .
Over 162 , it evens out .
— — ——
Thanks to Jordan for hooking us up with the data and make sure you check out Brooks Baseball .
Pitch F/ X is a fantastic tool for situations like this and to evaluate pitchers when they ’re going well or going poorly .
There ’s a lot of good work being done with this stuff .
HTC's
Evo might be the last phone running custom software on top of Android that you should even consider buying .
Because the whole trend of skinning Android has become a horrible , dividing mess .
Advertisement
The problem with an Android phone running a phone manufacturer 's homebrew software , like HTC's Sense or Sony 's TimeScape , is well known :
You 're going to wait a lot longer to get the freshest version of Android .
That wait was n't a big deal in the past .
And considering Android 's grander ambitions , I 'm not so sure fragmentation is as big of an issue as some would suggest ( which Google will tell you ) .
But as of Android 2.2 , you should still think a bit more deeply about which Android path you 're going to walk down .
Advertisement
The Problem with Custom Skins
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
They 're awful .
HTC's
Sense interface was widely regarded for making Android better when it showed up on the Hero a year ago .
Well , Sense is the exception , not the rule .
Some truly hideous atrocities have been committed in the name of Android , like Samsung 's Behold II .
Not every skin is quite that offensive , but even what I 'd consider the average , like Sony 's interface for the Xperia X10 , is cloying and confusing ; with the Evo , even Sense started to feel a bit tacky .
The point should be to make Android sexier and easier to use .
They do n't .
Advertisement
Android 's caught up .
As of Android 2.2 Froyo , there is basically nothing any of the custom interfaces do that Android does n't .
A year ago , Android lacked a great many things , from social networking powers to decent Exchange support to remotely accessible settings .
HTC's
Sense filled in those massive gaps , once upon a time .
But now Android juggles multiple calendars , smoothly integrates Facebook and Twitter into contacts ( more seamlessly than any of the custom skins ) , lets you quickly access settings from the home screen , and even has built - in Wi -Fi hotspot powers .
At this point , none of the custom software builds add killer features anymore .
They 're too slow .
A corollary of the above point :
Not so long ago , Android was behind the best of the custom interfaces .
But now , Android is evolving so quickly , it not only caught up , it 's zooming past those meddling with its software .
Frankly , the custom interfaces need to innovate faster to make themselves worthwhile — as it is , it seems pretty likely that the next stock version of Android build will be superior to anything phone makers can offer ( in fact , I would argue that 2.2 is already ) .
But think about it :
How likely is it that hardware companies are going to be able to keep up with Google , who finally seems to have hit its stride with Android ?
Advertisement
The reasons to buy an Android phone with customized software have effectively dissolved .
They do n't look better ; they do n't work better ; and they 'll hold you back from getting the latest and greatest updates from Google , possibly by many months .
Most people do n't care or even know that their phone really is a computer , meaning it can actually get better via the magic of software updates .
But if you 're reading this , you probably care .
Android 2.2 is a markedly more excellent experience than 2.1 .
The best stuff at this point seems like it'll come from Google , so riding the bleeding edge of Android is the place to be , more now than ever .
Maybe that 'll change in another year , if Google slows down their release cycle as drastically as Android chief Andy Rubin says , to just once or twice a year .
Which will be kind of a sad moment when it arrives — the thrill of Android , at least for geeks , is how fast it 's moving .
But that 's when it 'll be safe to jump on the slow road .
Until then , I 'll be sticking with the official , ( probably ) annually released Google phones .
Advertisement
Follow Everything Android on Facebook
The Android army is growing every day — make this your destination for everything Android , including all the best new Android devices , when to expect updates and where to look for the best new apps .
Click to view
Gen .
David Petraeus on Tuesday appeared to adroitly navigate around the potential pitfalls of his nomination hearing to be commander of allied forces in the Afghanistan war .
In particular , General Petraeus vowed to senators that he supports President Obama ’s Afghan strategy , including its exit plan , while simultaneously reassuring them that the US commitment to the fight there “ is an enduring one . ”
Petraeus repeated that the July 2011 deadline for the beginning of troop withdrawals is flexible and that any such drawdown will occur only if it is warranted by conditions on the ground .
The formulation seemed to satisfy most , though not all , members of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
The chairman of the panel , Sen. Carl Levin ( D ) of Michigan , noted that it is foreordained that Petraeus will win confirmation to his new post .
“ I ’m allowed to assume you will be confirmed .
You ’re not , but I am , ” Senator Levin told Petraeus at one point , drawing laughter from his fellow lawmakers .
IN PICTURES : Fighting continues in Afghanistan
That the hearing was occurring at all reflects extraordinary circumstances .
Afghan commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal ’s derogatory comments about civilian officials to Rolling Stone led to his resignation last week .
Then Petraeus agreed to accept the position , though technically it is a demotion from his current job as commander of US Central Command , which covers all of the Middle East and Central Asia .
Petraeus is a popular figure on Capitol Hill , as lawmakers credit him with a major role in turning around the Iraq conflict .
Many are looking to him to perform a similar miracle in Afghanistan , where the fight against the Taliban has proved long and hard .
Petraeus ' can win wars '
“ General Petraeus has proved he can win wars , ” said Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the panel ’s ranking Republican .
Petraeus told senators that next July marks the beginning of a process under which withdrawals will be considered , and not a date at which the US will race for the exits .
He implied that substantial US forces would remain in the country for the foreseeable future .
“ It will be a number of years before the Afghans can truly handle their security on their own , ” Petraeus told senators .
Pressed by Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R ) of South Carolina to reconcile his views with statements from Vice President Joe Biden that troops will be coming home next summer , Petraeus was able to recount a meeting at which Mr. Biden said he supported the existing policy .
The general then let drop he was scheduled to have dinner with the vice president on Tuesday evening .
Petraeus similarly worked his personal contacts with Afghan President Hamid Karzai into the hearing , mentioning at several points a phone conversation with Mr. Karzai carried out in the car bringing Petraeus to the hearing .
“ This is a test of wills , ” said Petraeus .
“ The enemy must know we have the will to prevail . ”
Recent months have seen tough fighting and rising casualties , and there is more fighting ahead , said the general .
But he said that the Afghan army is making some progress
Some progress among Afghan forces
The number of allied trainers has increased , he said , meaning that the ratio of trainer to Afghan trainees has gone from 1 to 70 , to 1 to 39 .
Some 85 percent of Afghan army units are now partnered with US or allied units in the field .
“ Afghan forces are now in the lead in Kabul , ” said Petraeus .
Senator Levin , however , noted that in a written response to committee questions Petraeus also said there are only about 7,200 Afghan army troops in Kandahar Province , a crucial area of the conflict .
Some US troops on the ground in Afghanistan have complained about the rules of engagement under General McChrystal .
They felt these rules , designed to minimize Afghan civilian casualties , were too restrictive in regard to use of airpower and other support for units engaged in firefights .
Petraeus said he would review how the rules of engagement are being implemented throughout the force .
He said it is possible some commanders are taking a “ bureaucratic ” approach when defining them .
“ When [ US troops ] are in a tough spot , it is a moral imperative that we use all we have to get them out of it , ” said Petraeus .
IN PICTURES : Fighting continues in Afghanistan
Related :
Food is never just food .
Food is love .
Food is solace .
It is politics .
It is religion .
And if that ’s not enough to heap on your dinner plate each night , food is also , especially for mothers , the instant - read measure of our parenting .
We are not only what we eat , we are what we feed our children .
So here in Berkeley — where a preoccupation with locally grown , organic , sustainable agriculture is presumed — the mom who strolls the farmers ’ markets can feel superior to the one who buys pesticide - free produce trucked in from Mexico , who can , in turn , lord it over the one who stoops to conventionally grown carrots ( though the folks who grow their own trump us all ) .
Let it slip that you took the kids to McDonald ’s , and watch how fast those play dates dry up .
Doing right by our kids means doing right by their health — body and soul .
Yet even as awareness about the family diet has spread across the country ( especially among the middle class and the affluent ) , so , it seems , have youngsters ’ waistlines .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , a full third of America ’s children are overweight , and 17 percent are clinically obese — a rate that has more than tripled since 1976 .
Those figures may be alarming , yet equally disturbing are the numbers of children , girls in particular , who risk their health in the other direction , in the vain pursuit of thinness .
In a 2002 survey of 81,247 Minnesota high - school students published in The Journal of Adolescent Health , more than half of the girls reported engaging in some form of disordered behavior while trying to lose weight : fasting , popping diet pills , smoking , vomiting , abusing laxatives , binge eating .
Image Credit ...
Source : The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University , 2003
Parents , then , are left in quandary , worrying about both the perils of obesity and those of anorexia .
How can you simultaneously encourage your daughter to watch her size and accept her body ?
My own initial impulse , when I found out I was pregnant with a girl , was to suggest that my husband take responsibility for feeding her .
After all , he does n’t see a few extra pounds as a character flaw .
Nor does he serve up a heaping helping of internal conflict with every meal .
It ’s not that I ’m extreme ; it ’s just that like most — heck all — of the women I know , my relationship to food , to my weight , to my body is . . . complicated .
I did not want to pass that pathology on to my daughter .
The New York Times has launched their Android app to fill all of your stand - alone news reading needs .
The app has been available for a while now on iPhone , but NYT is making it worth the wait by adding in video support for Android handsets .
You will get all the coverage of the Times and the ability to share it with your entire contact list if you so choose .
A pretty nifty feature is offline caching for catching up on the news when you ’re off network .
You can go grab the app in the market now , the QR code is below .
[ via AndroidTapp ]
﻿
Well , the N900 I had on trial has since gone back to WOMWorld , and it ’s time for a summary blog post .
No look at a gadget would be complete without boiling the good and bad of it into an arbitrary number of points ( and there ’s already a few lists out there from Starry Hope and Prodigal Fool ( who did two ) amongst others ) , so here we go – 10 things I love about the N900 and 10 things I hate about it .
But I also wanted to compare it to its most obvious competitor , the iPhone , and frankly the iPhone gets its backside kicked in the comparison , so you can also read the two fundamental reasons why the N900 is better than the iPhone ﻿and will remain so .
buy the european power supplies and whatever ; well , it ’s six of one and a half - dozen of the other ) .
buy the european power supplies and whatever ; well , it ’s six of one and a half - dozen of the other ) .
( BTW , for our US readers , yes , your prices are much lower ; but ( a ) the same points apply , and ( b ) by the time you buy the product in the US , ship it to Ireland , pay the various taxes and duties and customs charges
( BTW , for our US readers , yes , your prices are much lower ; but ( a ) the same points apply , and ( b ) by the time you buy the product in the US , ship it to Ireland , pay the various taxes and duties and customs charges
multitasking and the fact that people are accepting it being called that says very bad things about the state of computer science degrees in the US and elsewhere — and I say they ‘ might ’ introduce it because I remember MacOS prior to OSX , and anyone who ’d ship an OS that could n’t do proper memory management might well never introduce multitasking even when everyone else has had it since the 1970s )
Bug 6063 .
I love the N900 , I think it ’s a groundbreaking piece of design that beats the iPhone as a device – but bug 6063 kills it stone dead at a single stroke .
Everything else about the N900 could be even more perfect than it is , Nokia could give them away for free to anyone who wanted one , and 6063 would still kill it dead .
Bug 6063 manifests as total silence when you answer or make a call .
You ca n’t hear anything , the person on the other end of the line can’t hear anything , and there ’s no error message or hint that something ’s wrong with the phone rather than the line .
I actually tried calling someone several times before finding that it was the phone that was the problem , and that ’s appallingly unacceptable .
Equally , I lost several calls while fiddling about trying to find the hands - free headset and plug it into the phone and answer in time .
That ’s utterly unacceptable as well .
Look , the N900 means I do n’t have to carry several other tools .
No need for a camera , a netbook , an FM radio , an MP3 / 4 player , etc , etc .
It ’s a great communications tool .
But if I have to have a hands - free kit to use it as a phone , then , well , it fails .
Completely and utterly , without hope of redemption .
If this bug is n’t at the top of the Nokia tech team ’s priority list right now , I ’d be deeply worried .
No physical shortcut keys .
On the E71 , you have four physical shortcut keys which let you launch a few apps with a physical button , and one of those will take you to the home screen ( or desktop , if you want to call it that ) ; and with the iPhone there ’s just the one button , and it drops you back to the home screen .
That ’s an important UI design point on a handheld device , where the amount of time it takes to tick off the end user is a lot less than on a desktop platform , and where the time it takes to launch an app can be critical .
The different requirements for mobile and desktop users from a UI perspective are reasonably well known ; but maybe not well known enough .
Still , given the flexibility of the platform , it should be possible to jury - rig something in software .
The power button menu , perhaps – there ’s already an app that alters the menu that brings up .
The touchscreen .
There ’s been a fair bit of comment on the choice of a resistive instead of a capacitive touchscreen for the N900 ; and most of it seems to be accurate enough , unlike my ( admittedly fat ) fingers when using it .
It does give a distinctly clunky feel to the device when you press an onscreen button , and nothing happens ( especially so when you hear the click sound effect and feel the vibrate , which is a lovely feedback technique , but is let down horribly when the fingerpress is n’t actually accepted by the application ) .
It works really well with the stylus , but the stylus is a rather double - edged sword ( if you ’ll ignore the really confusing mental image that conjures up ) .
Using the stylus does give pixel - perfect accuracy ; but it also means you ’re using a stylus instead of your fingers , which slows things down , makes them feel clunky , and takes me personally right back to the Psion Series V .
In this area , the iPhone has the N900 soundly trounced I ’m afraid , but perhaps firmware upgrades can work a miracle here .
Speed .
Much as I hate to say it , the N900 was sluggish on a few occasions for me ; though usually in terms of latency rather than throughput ( ie. it ’d take a while to fire something up , but it ran fine once it got going ) .
Why this is so , I ’m not sure .
Maybe o verclocking would fix this , or maybe it ’s a software kink ; either way , it really should be fixed before you open the box …
Battery life .
Try as I might , I could n’t get a full day out of the N900 if I used it continually .
I could use it as an MP4 player on a three - hour train run , then as a GPS to find the hotel , and could then read my emails after checking in ; but then it was down to about 25 % charge and it was time to recharge .
Certainly , I could get a day ’s light use from it off a single charge , and far more if I only ever used it as a phone ; the problem here is that the N900 does so much that you ’re going to use it more heavily than you would a normal phone .
A bigger battery really is needed here …
Marketing .
Yes , it ’s cheaper than anything that does as much as it does ( if such a device existed , which I doubt it does ) .
Yes , it does more than anything else out there .
Yes , as an example of convergence in a mobile device , it kicks the iPhone from here to the wall ( and in design , the iPhone ’s strongest area ) .
But no - one seems to have heard about it , and getting one is rather difficult and seems more expensive than getting any of its peers .
If you want an N900 or own one , you ’re probably a geek and therefore in a minority .
Will the N900 be the new flagship for the business market , the demographic that could appreciate the communications convergence better than any other ?
I do n’t see the marketing push to get that to happen .
There ’s a growing concern that the move from Maemo to Meego will leave the device effectively abandoned by Nokia – so why is n’t there a far stronger push than this one to counter that rumour and let everyone know that the N900 will be running Meego via an upcoming firmware release ?
Why , in short , are n’t we seeing the N900 pushed on every advertising channel out there ?
This is the best phone Nokia have on the market right now , the most innovative , and the only phone I can think of from any manufacturer that fundamentally kicks the iPhone ’s backside ; so why do n’t I see this thing on offer from every mobile operator and in adverts from every billboard ?
Without that kind of push , without that kind of market , the N900 ’s long - term future is n’t as sound as it could be .
Time .
This is both a cause and an effect — the N900 is newer than the iPhone platform and therefore there are fewer apps written for it at the moment ( a few hundred versus tens of thousands for the iPhone / iTouch / iPad ) .
It ’s not as widely known , it ’s not as widely available and it ’s fighting an uphill battle to get recognised in this particular market segment .
And because it was late to market , it ’s got a big fight on its hands , despite having the goods .
And because of that cause , the effect is a question of time – namely , if it does n’t do well in the market , how long will it be supported for ?
It ’s the best device out there right now for what it does ; if it suddenly becomes a Palm Pre with questions over support and longevity , that ’s not good for its adopters .
Lack of polish .
Maybe it ’s another effect of time , but the N900 just does n’t feel polished .
Yes , you can get it to do amazing things ; but out of the box , it does n’t do them .
There are quirks .
The PC Suite did n’t initally work with it ( I ’ve seen reports that that ’s since been fixed ) .
The gesture recognition , especially for the kinematic scrolling , was n’t as flawless as it could have been .
When your competitor for this market is Apple , you really can’t afford to skimp on the polish ; and when you ’re doing a better technical job than Apple , it ’s a crying shame to skimp on it .
It feels reactive , not proactive .
Mostly , you see this with applications like Witter and others ; but you do get the distinct impression , using the N900 day - to - day , that it does things when you poke it ; and that ’s not always what you want .
For example , when using a Twitter client like Witter , I want it going off to twitter in the background and constantly updating and keeping track of things .
Likewise with Gmail clients and other communications programmes .
When it does n’t do that , when it takes a user action to initiate such a check for new messages , it ’s a design error .
I get the reason for not checking gmail every five minutes automatically , but frankly there ’s no point in saving battery life if you ’re not going to use it to do what I want you to !
Happily , this is a software issue only , and can be tweaked fairly easily .
It ’s only available in black .
What ?
I needed ten points and there just is n’t that much that ’s bad about it !
Is there a Sarah Palin vileness / absurdity threshold ?
A question for fellow reporters and editors :
At what point do Sarah Palin 's attacks and smears become so vile and absurd that they no longer merit attention ?
Is there such a point ?
Palin , who has broken the mold in so many ways , has defied the laws of political and media gravity in another fashion :
Despite the ever - mounting ridiculousness of her claims , she continues to get attention .
This is n't so with other figures .
Frequently those who traffic in absurdity and smears to get media attention keep upping the ante until their assertions become so grotesque and self - parodic that they are no longer newsworthy .
It 's kind of like inflation : Keep printing more money and the value of it keeps dropping .
That has n't happened with Palin .
Yesterday Palin launched a bizarre and rambling attack on a journalist that by any standard should make us seriously pause .
Her target was award - winning journalist Joe McGinniss , who has rented the house next door to her to research a book .
The short version is that she suggested he might be peeping at her kids .
Palin is siccing her fans on a journalist who might be planning to cover her with something less than outright adoration .
Dave Weigel notes that Palin 's attack was " strange , unprofessional , and paranoid , " and constitued " irresponsible and pathetic bullying . "
In fairness , McGinniss is doing something a bit unorthodox , and for that reason this particular standoff is perhaps somewhat newsworthy .
But more broadly , as long as Palin is n't an actual candidate for public office , at what point do we stop rewarding every statement from Palin , no matter how vicious or mendacious , with attention ?
Should there be such a point ?
That 's a real question , by the way .
I 'd love to hear what other reporters and editors have to say about this .
UPDATE , 11:31 p.m. : Ruth Marcus makes a detailed case today that the empress has no clothes , which I think makes the above question even more relevant .
Image caption The Shenzhen factory employs more than 400,000 workers
In China a factory worker has died after falling from a high building , the latest in a string of such deaths at the same plant .
The man , who was 19 , was employed by Foxconn , a Taiwanese firm also known as Honhai .
The firm makes mobile phones , games consoles and computers for companies like Apple , Hewlett Packard and Sony .
Nine people have died after falling off buildings at the factory this year .
Two others were seriously injured .
Police are not saying yet whether this was a suicide attempt , a suspicious death or an accident .
It happened just one day after Foxconn started playing music to workers on the assembly line to try to ease the pressure on them .
Before this latest incident the company 's founder had denied he worked his staff too hard .
But he had promised a plan to improve working conditions within a month .
Some analysts believe the factory is dealing with a suicide cluster - once the notion of suicide spreads among a group of young people it is hard to reverse .
Others point out that the plant is huge ; 420,000 people are employed there .
In a population that size the number of apparent suicides seen so far this year is in line with what might be expected .
But the company has admitted it stopped a further 30 people trying to throw themselves off high buildings in a three - week period earlier this year .
That is why one reason it is started to recruit singers , dancers and gym trainers to help off duty staff relax and it says it will employ more psychiatrists too .
It has brought in Buddhist monks to try to rid the plant of evil spirits and it is also building 3 m - high fences to try to stop people jumping off the dormitories .
When it comes to the Pentagon and the U.S. military , wherever you look , there ’s money being handed out .
Wildly and in staggering amounts .
Early this month , for instance , the U.S. Army announced that it had awarded KBR , the private contractor which was once part of Halliburton , a contract worth up to $ 568 million through 2011 “ for military support service in Iraq . ”
This is the same KBR that has regularly been accused of improprieties of all sorts .
As it happened , the Army made its announcement , noted Tony Capaccio of Bloomberg News , “ only hours after the Justice Department said it will pursue a lawsuit accusing the Houston - based company of taking kickbacks from two subcontractors on Iraq - related work . ”
Even though the company has been the object of numerous investigations and law suits , and is the Blackwater ( now Xe ) of construction firms , as well as a prime victor in the Bush administration ’s military privatization sweepstakes , this was a no - bid contract .
Given the Pentagon ’s spending track record , none of this should surprise you .
Or consider Mission Essential Personnel , a firm that , unlike KBR or Halliburton , you ’ve undoubtedly never heard of .
No wonder : only three years ago , it was a tiny military contractor taking in $ 6 million a year .
Recently , however , it garnered a one - year $ 679 million contract to “ field a small city ’s worth of translators to help out American forces in Afghanistan . ”
( And again -- surprise , surprise ! -- a no-bid contract . )
“ Not bad , ” writes the invaluable Noah Shachtman at his Danger Room website , “ for a company that ’s been accused of everything from abandoning wounded employees to sending out - of - shape interpreters to the front lines . ”
Or here ’s another Shachtman find : defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton managed to corner a bevy of contracts worth $ 400 million in recent weeks to help fight future cyberwars , despite a stated Pentagon policy of relying less on outside contractors .
In fact , the Pentagon is only now -- and only modestly -- reining in its long - running “ senior mentors ” program in which retired generals and admirals on the payroll of defense contractors ( and on military pensions ranging up to $ 220,000 a year ) are brought back as consultants at prices that run to $ 440 per hour .
“ In some cases , ” reports USA Today , “ mentors were paid by the military to run war games involving weapons systems made by their consulting clients . ”
Theoretically , the military is known for discipline -- but not , it seems , when what 's at stake is either spending our money or keeping track of it .
Unfortunately , when it comes to the Pentagon budget , few in this country have cared to pay much attention .
Fortunately , the National Priorities Project has .
It has been trying to put the realities of that ever more bloated budget on the national agenda for a while .
Now , NPP ’s Christopher Hellman suggests that a window of opportunity is opening , even if only a crack at the moment , for doing just that .
The question is :
Will we pry it open further or slam it shut ?
Tom
Is that the wake - up smell of coffee wafting through the halls of the Pentagon ?
After a decade and a half of unparalleled budget growth , top Defense Department officials are finally talking about the possible end of their spending spree .
And they ’re not alone .
In recent years , Republicans and Democrats in Congress and successive administrations have not only repeatedly resisted efforts to control Pentagon spending , but regularly pushed for more dollars to go into the defense and national security budgets .
And many of them still are .
Nonetheless , with the current economic situation bringing suffering , foreclosure , and unemployment to millions , and concerns about spiraling deficits as well as a staggering national debt , the first faint signs of a possible mood change in Washington on the issue of the Pentagon budget are appearing .
Military spending may , in fact , finally be edging its way into an increasingly fierce budget debate .
This could prove a rare window of opportunity , unmatched since the moment the discussion of a “ peace dividend ” faded into the woodwork bare years after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War .
Overmatching the World
Last February , President Obama announced the formation of the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform to advise his new administration on options for addressing the national debt .
The commission has just begun its deliberations and already some of its members are stating publicly that , as they consider their options for cutting government spending , “ everything is on the table , ” including the military budget .
In the Washington we ’ve known since talk of that “ peace dividend ” disappeared , this simple fact qualifies as eye - opening .
In response to the formation of the commission , Congressman Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , long an outspoken opponent of unnecessary military spending , has convened a panel of national security experts , the Sustainable Defense Task Force .
Its job is to generate a series of recommendations on how to cut the defense budget while preserving national security .
Frank plans to submit these recommendations to the Commission in June .
If you need a signal that something is changing , then check out the Pentagon itself .
Its top officials are beginning to recognize the necessity of carefully reexamining the way the Department of Defense conducts its business .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates clearly sees the handwriting on the wall .
In a series of early - May speeches during what Washington analysts dubbed “ Austerity Week , ” he and other Pentagon officials began warning the military that the military ’s carefree spending days were over .
As Secretary Gates put it in a May 8th speech at the Eisenhower Presidential Library ( a venue clearly chosen to bring to mind the president who first warned Americans of the “ military - industrial complex ” ) :
“ The attacks of September 11 , 2001 , opened a gusher of defense spending that nearly doubled the base budget over the last decade ...
The gusher has been turned off , and will stay off for a good period of time . ”
Earlier in the week , in remarks at the Navy League ’s annual convention , Gates also spoke of the need for a more austere Pentagon budget ( though his is clearly a vision of holding the line in tough times at that budget ’s present inflated size ) .
He warned , among other things , that major weapons systems would be subjected to better scrutiny to ensure that they worked , met actual mission requirements , and did so at a reasonable price .
This was hardly surprising , given that virtually every major weapons program currently under development or in production -- including the Navy ’s centerpiece for the next three decades , the Littoral Combat Ship , and the Air Force ’s $ 325 billon Joint Strike Fighter ( JSF ) program , the largest Pentagon weapons program ever -- is significantly over budget and behind schedule .
A March 2009 report by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) found that total acquisition costs for the Pentagon ’s 96 major weapons programs had grown by 25 % over their lifetime .
In addition , 42 % of them had experienced cost growth of more than 25 % .
The GAO also found that such programs were increasingly behind schedule delivering weapons that were ready for use in combat .
On average , the program delay for a major weapons system was 22 months in 2008 , up from 18 months in 2003 .
In making the case that constrained Pentagon budgets would n’t mean an erosion of U.S. military dominance to a roomful of the Navy ’s staunchest supporters , Gates offered some startling figures about the U.S. Navy / Marine Corps " overmatch " on the battlefield ( the extent to which our military forces and capabilities exceed those of other nations ) .
It gives a vivid sense of what massive military overspending has meant in practice .
Here are some of the facts Gates offered , quoted directly from his remarks :
* The U.S. operates 11 large [ aircraft ] carriers , all nuclear powered .
In terms of size and striking power , no other country has even one comparable ship .
* The U.S. Navy has 10 large - deck amphibious ships that can operate as sea bases for helicopters and vertical - takeoff jets .
No other navy has more than three , and all of those navies belong to our allies or friends .
Our Navy can carry twice as many aircraft at sea as all the rest of the world combined .
* The U.S. has 57 nuclear - powered attack and cruise missile submarines -- again , more than the rest of the world combined .
* Seventy - nine Aegis - equipped combatants carry roughly 8,000 vertical - launch missile cells .
In terms of total missile firepower , the U.S. arguably outmatches the next 20 largest navies .
* All told , the displacement of the U.S. battle fleet -- a proxy for overall fleet capabilities -- exceeds , by one recent estimate , at least the next 13 navies combined , of which 11 are our allies or partners .
* And , at 202,000 strong , the Marine Corps is the largest military force of its kind in the world and exceeds the size of most world armies .
Weapons Systems That Regularly Break the Bank
And keep in mind , that ’s just the Navy .
A similar set of overmatch facts could be gathered for the Army and Air Force or for cumulative military spending .
The level of “ overmatch ” becomes even more obvious when you consider U.S. military spending compared to that of the rest of the world .
According to the latest figures from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , the United States accounts for 42 % of total global military spending , more than exceeding the combined spending of the next 15 most powerful countries .
The United States and its allies now account for two - thirds of total world military expenditures .
Gates pointed an accusing finger at Congress , noting its unwillingness to go along with relatively modest proposed cuts he suggested for certain weapons systems , including the giant C - 17 transport aircraft and the alternative engine program for the Joint Strike Fighter .
( The JSF uses an engine made by Pratt & Whitney , but some in Congress are pushing the Pentagon to purchase a similar engine manufactured by General Electric as well , claiming that having two engine sources will create competition and save money in the long run . )
Gates also highlighted Congress ’s reluctance to support the Pentagon ’s efforts to implement modest increases in healthcare premiums and co-payments for military retirees .
The proposed increases are intended to help control the military ’s staggering healthcare costs , but as Gates pointed out , “ The [se ] proposals routinely die an ignominious death on Capitol Hill . ”
Initial Congressional feedback on Gates ’s new initiatives has been decidedly negative .
Senator Daniel Inouye ( D - HI ) , who chairs the Senate Appropriations Committee and its defense subcommittee , has indicated that he will support additional C - 17 production and the JSF engine program , despite a Gates pledge to recommend that President Obama veto any defense legislation backing these programs .
On the House side , two subcommittees of the Armed Services committee have each endorsed the JSF engine program .
And the Military Personnel subcommittee is recommending a 1.9 % pay raise for all service members , half a percent higher than requested by the administration -- even though Gates has raised particular concerns about personnel costs , saying that the Pentagon ’s $ 50 billion healthcare costs " are eating the Defense Department alive . "
The C - 17 program has , in fact , become the latest poster child for Pentagon pork barrel politics .
The Air Force had originally planned to end the program in 2007 at 180 aircraft -- the Pentagon ’s request for fiscal year 2007 included $ 2.9 billion for what it considered the final 12 aircraft in the program .
Since then , Congressional supporters of the C - 17 , which is manufactured by Boeing , have funded 43 additional aircraft over the Pentagon ’s objections , to the tune of more than $ 10 billion .
On Capitol Hill , the forces arrayed against fiscal restraint within the Pentagon budget are daunting , even for a defense secretary with the kind of clout Robert Gates has and who only wants to reallocate defense dollars to more immediate war - fighting needs .
Other defense secretaries trying to do similar things in the past have had uniformly grim experiences .
In the early 1990s , for example , then - Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney was pushing to terminate a number of weapons programs , including the Marine Corps ’ V - 22 “ Osprey ” tilt - rotor aircraft .
Testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee in 1992 , Cheney said , " Congress has let me cancel a few programs , but you 've squabbled and sometimes bickered and horse traded and ended up forcing me to spend money on weapons that do n't fill a vital need in these times of tight budgets and new requirements ...
You 've directed me to buy the V - 22 , a program I do n't need . "
Make no mistake , Gates has no intention of contributing Pentagon dollars to reducing the debt .
His efforts are merely an acknowledgement of our nation ’s weak economy , and the fact that fewer dollars will be available for any government program , even favored military ones .
This type of Pentagon re-budgeting has been likened to rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic .
It reflects a shifting around of priorities within the Defense Department that do n’t come close to addressing the true issues facing the country , especially a bloated defense budget that is no longer sustainable and places a growing burden on other federal programs .
The mere fact that even Defense Department officials are beginning to discuss fewer dollars for the Pentagon , however , offers an opportunity for Americans intent on reining in rampant military spending .
It is a chance that has been a long time coming , is finally on the national agenda , and , if missed , might be an even longer time in coming again .
Christopher Hellman is communications liaison at the National Priorities Project in Northampton , Massachusetts .
He was previously a military policy analyst for the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation , a Senior Research Analyst at the Center for Defense Information , and spent ten years on Capitol Hill as a congressional staffer working on national security and foreign policy issues .
He is a frequent media commentator on military planning , policy , and budgetary issues .
Copyright 2010 Christopher Hellman
Wayne Rooney has been tipped to make a shock return for Manchester United ahead of Wednesday 's crucial Champions League match against Bayern Munich .
The striker was expected to be out for at least two to three weeks after he injured ankle ligaments in last week 's first leg in Germany , which United lost 2 - 1 .
However , according to reports last night , Rooney has responded well to treatment and could be in line for a surprise recall to Sir Alex Ferguson 's squad if he comes through a training session today .
Rooney has been wearing a protective boot on his injured leg since hobbling off at the end of last week 's defeat in Munich .
Ferguson will not risk the England forward if there is a chance of aggravating the injury further and last night United 's medical staff attempted to play down the chances of a comeback by only rating his chances of playing as " 40 % " .
Rooney 's return would be a boost for a United side that lost 2 - 1 to Chelsea in the Premier League without him on Saturday .
They now trail Carlo Ancelotti's side by two points with five games left to play .
Brad Friedman Byon 5/18/2010 , 3:04 pm PT
Reports of votes flipping on the 100 % unverifiable ES&S iVotronic touch - screen voting machines used in Carroll County , Arkansas , have led to a call for removal of the machines .
Who could have predicted it ?
[ Oh , yeah , we did , in our backgrounder on today 's election in AR , as based on years of the same exact problem happening , on the same exact machines , over and over again , in election after election , in Arkansas and many other states alike , where officials are still in utter and shameful denial . ]
This report is somewhat unique in that it comes from a candidate for County Clerk who has called for the removal of the machines , and is reportedly supported by affidavits from a Circuit Court Judge and one of his employees who both reported their votes flipping from the County Clerk candidate to his opponent during early voting on two separate days ...
From today 's Carroll County News ...
BERRYVILLE ---
A request for a temporary restraining order that seeks to remove all electronic voting machines was filed Friday by F. Owen Kendrick , a candidate for county clerk .
As of Monday , no action had been taken on that request .
In his petition , Kendrick claims two early voters using an electronic voting machine at the clerk 's office in Berryville intended to vote for him when the vote went to his opponent , incumbent County Clerk Jamie Correia .
Those voters , according to affidavits attached to the request , were Circuit Court Judge Gerald Kent Crow and one of his employees , Nadine Holland .
Both stated their votes for Kendrick initially went to Correia , and both said they were able to correct their vote after reviewing their choices .
According to the affidavits , Crow voted May 4 , and Holland on Thursday , May 13 .
Her vote took place late in the day , after 4 p.m. , election workers say .
...
Kendrick , in his civil filing that names Correia and members of the Carroll County Election Commission , claims there was machine tampering " as to cause the machine to mis-record the actual votes cast . "
Amusingly , election officials in the county are still in denial , and still telling media that there is nothing to worry about --- while failing to tell the same media that there is absolutely no way to know , and no evidence to prove , that any vote ever cast on an ES&S iVotronic touch - screen machine ( or any Direct Recording Electronic machine , made by any vendor ) , during any election for any candidate or initiative on the ballot , has ever been recorded accurately as per any voter 's intent ...
According to election officials , public testing of the machines took place prior to the start of early voting , and there are fail - safe systems in place to assure accurate vote counts .
That is , of course , nonsense .
There are no more effective " fail - safe systems " in place on such machines than there are for " blowout preventers " on deep water oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico .
County Clerks and other election officials who still force voters to vote on such systems , given all that we now know about these 100 % faith - based machines , should be ashamed of themselves .
UPDATE : An additional report from the Harrison Daily Times explains why Kendrick was unable to get court action on his request for a temporary restraining order to discontinue use of the ES&S touch - screen systems in his small county in Northern Arkansas :
[ A ] s a witness in the case , Judge Crow could n’t act on Kendrick ’s petition for a temporary restraining order removing the electronic voting machines from early voting .
He said he was unsuccessful Friday in finding a judge in Boone County who would act on the Carroll County case .
Kendrick said he did n’t know how else to get action on Monday , the final day of early voting , but he was going to call the secretary of state , who is in charge of elections at the state level .
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Somalia — Is That Really All You Got ?
Rachel Maddow , a popular liberal commentator on MSNBC , recently iterated — for the umpteenth time — the standard liberal talking point of Somalia as a supposedly unanswerable argument against anarchy .
The Somalia reference , when done according to formula , comes as the follow - up to a one - two punch — usually preceded by the “ drown government in a bathtub ” quote from Grover Norquist .
Following a snarky allusion to the idealized “ small - government conservative ” vision of society ( “ which , you know , when you put it that way , it sounds kind of bucolic and awesome , right ? ” ) , Maddow went in for the kill : “ When you see it in action in a country that has n‘t had a government in about 18 years , it actually looks like this .
This is Somalia . ”
But this is dirty pool for several reasons .
First , no intelligent anarchist argues that the sudden and catastrophic implosion of the state will result in a peaceful , self - regulating society .
We ’ve lived through centuries of the process which Pyotr Kropotkin described in “ Mutual Aid ” and “ The State , ” by which centralized territorial states suppressed bottom - up , self - organized alternatives , and caused civil society to atrophy .
Under such circumstances , when the state suddenly disappears , the result is likely to be a power vacuum with nothing ready to take its place , and the proliferation of all sorts of social pathologies .
What most of us want to do is reverse the centuries - long process Kropotkin described , by building alternative social institutions , organized on a voluntary cooperative basis , to supplant the state .
Pierre - Joseph Proudhon , conventionally regarded as the father of anarchism , described it as devolving or submerging the state in the social body .
And this by no means implies the anarcho - capitalist vision of a society where all functions are performed by for - profit business firms .
It could just as easily mean a society of worker and consumer cooperatives , common property , free clinics , community supported agriculture , intentional communities , urban communes and squats , and the kinds of mutual aid arrangement described by Kropotkin in “ Mutual Aid ” and E.P. Thompson in “ The Making of the English Working Class . ”
So it would make far more sense to look at a stateless or near - stateless society that ’s been that way for a long time , under comparatively stable conditions ( like some of the near - stateless areas in Southeast Asia described by James Scott in “ The Art of Not Being Governed ” ) , and the institutions by which people peacefully govern their lives .
Second , “ Somalia ” does not equal “ Mogadishu . ”
Most of the horrific , Mad Max scenes captured in Somalia are in Mogadishu , where the central state was most powerful before the collapse and the institutions of civil society were accordingly most atrophied .
As Roderick Long , director of C4SS ’s parent body the Molinari Institute , put it , “ the farther one gets away from Mogadishu , the more one gets into relatively peaceful areas that have always been anarchic or close to it , barring occasional intrusions from the statebuilders in the city . ”
In other words , the further you get from Mogadishu , the less Somalia resembles “ Somalia , ” and the more it resembles the kind of stable society described by James Scott .
Third , the proper comparison to Somalia is not the United States and similar societies in the West , but to the actual state that existed in Somalia before the collapse of central power .
Given that comparison , things in Somalia are n’t that bad at all .
For example : a study by Benjamin Powell , Ryan Ford and Alex Nowrasteh took “ a comparative institutional approach to examine Somalia ’s performance relative to other African countries both when Somalia had a government and during its extended period of anarchy . ”
And it found that Somalia , when subjected to an honest comparison — “ between Somalia when it had a functioning government , and Somalia now ” — is less poor , has higher life expectancy , and has experienced a drastic increase in telephone lines .
I ’d also add , parenthetically , that while Somalia is often celebrated by anarcho - capitalist types , in reality it hardly fits the anarcho - capitalist stereotype ( especially in those areas away from Mogadishu ) .
For example , there ’s widespread communal ownership of land by extended families and clans , with only possessory or usufructory rights by individuals .
See full bio » Irish comedian Dylan Moran was born in Navan , County Meath in 1971 .
Leaving school without any qualifications at age 16 , Moran quickly became attracted to stand - up comedy and debuted , in 1992 , at a comedy club in Dublin , The Comedy Cellar .
A year later , he won the Channel Four comedy newcomer 's " So You Think You 're Funny " award at the Edinburgh ...
Born : November 3 , 1971 in in Navan , Co. Meath , Ireland
Yeah they are very long , but not as long as your teacher said to be .
The average length of a human intestine ( small and large intestine together ) is between 6 to 8.5 mts( =18 to 26 feet )
Maybe your teacher ws referring to a elephants intestine : )
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Defiance is the DNA of America .
Every fiber of my being is overdosed on high - octane defiance .
I often rise in the morning convinced that I am Rosa Parks with a loud guitar .
It is beautiful .
From our forefathers tossing tea into the Boston Harbor over abusive taxes ; to the brave defenders of the Alamo , who were outnumbered 25 - to - 1 ; to Brig .
Gen. Anthony C. McAuliffe , who answered the Nazi punks with “ Nuts ! ” when he was asked to surrender at Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge , the DNA of America is rife with proud defiance .
We celebrate our freedom on Independence Day , but when you read Thomas Jefferson ’s Declaration of Independence , it could have easily been called the Declaration of Defiance .
What Jefferson and his fellow patriots John Adams and Benjamin Franklin wrote was a uniquely defiant document that not only listed their grievances defying King George ’s oppressive government but also was a declaration of out - and - out war against tyranny .
Our forefathers knew when they signed the Declaration that they were pledging their sacred honor , fortunes and , more than likely , their lives in hopes that we could live free .
They knew their Declaration of Defiance would bring war against the world ’s most powerful , undefeated military .
Our forefathers then fired a shot heard around the world .
America faces new challenges that once again require our steadfast defiance if we are to leave future generations of Americans with a more vibrant republic , more freedom and more liberty .
That is the goal , right ?
Those of us who truly care must stand in defiance of an out - of - control spending Fedzilla that clearly is intent on bankrupting America with an orgy of proven wasteful spending .
The share of the national debt for each taxpayer is now more than $ 115,000 , and it keeps climbing wildly every day .
That ’s despicable and intolerable .
Toss the Fedzillacrats out this coming November and all future Novembers .
All of them .
We must stand in strong defiance of those who support amnesty to illegal invaders and virtually open up our borders , and we must instead stand arm in arm with Arizona and draw a line in the sand on the banks of the Rio Grande .
Law - and - order Americans must defy those who support turning violent , recidivistic punks loose from prison while advocating disarming the American public .
The only good carjacker or rapist is a dead carjacker or rapist .
Case closed .
It ’s so simple only stupid people could find fault with that .
A polite society is an armed society .
Americans must defy those who seek to enslave us to foreign energy when America can and must be energy - independent .
We have the energy .
What we lack is the leadership and the will .
We must defy those who , because of their fantasy - driven ideologies , seek to tear down America and reshape her in their warped cultural , social and political views .
Clowns belong in the circus , not in charge of anything .
Americans must stand in defiance of Fedzilla taking over the world ’s premier health care system and smothering it with bureaucrats , lawyers , stacks of new requirements and more government agencies .
If you enjoy standing in line at the Department of Motor Vehicles , you will adore Fedzilla Care .
We must stand in defiance of those who blame America first instead of promoting and believing in American exceptionalism .
If you do n’t like it here , pack your trash and set sail for Mexico or Cuba , where all your wishes are already public policy .
Mexico and Cuba put the fun in dysfunction .
Americans must defy those bureaucratic numbnuts and toxic bloodsuckers who believe more government is the answer to our problems .
All clear - thinking and sober Americans know a drastically reduced Fedzilla is the solution .
We must stand in defiance of those Fedzillacrats who seek to reshape Wall Street without first cleaning up the root cause of the economic meltdown - Fedzilla ’s very own Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and the gaggle of power abusers run amok .
We know who they are , and they need to be brought to justice .
Defy the sheeplike epidemic of apathy that has willingly opened the door to the Mao Zedong fan club in the White House .
Let your uniquely American defiant DNA rise to the surface .
Join those organizations and support those individuals who most closely align their beliefs and ideologies with the dreams and aspirations of our forefathers .
Raise your healthy voice in defiance .
Get angry .
Get passionate .
Get cracking .
Take back America from the Fedzillacrats , who , if they get their way , ultimately will destroy the dreams of our forefathers .
Slay Fedzilla at the ballot box .
Do it for your grandchildren .
Live free or die .
Throw some tea in the harbor .
Remember the Alamo .
Tell ‘em “ Nuts ! ”
Ted Nugent is an unstoppable American rock ‘ n ’ roll , sporting and political activist icon .
He is author of “ Ted , White & Blue : The Nugent Manifesto ” and “ God , Guns and Rock ‘ N’ Roll ” ( Regnery Publishing ) .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Apr 23 , 2010 , 4:44 pm ET
Ever wondered what a completely clear car would look like ?
[ Video ]
Shell has a new oil that is formulated to clean the inside of your engine - so what better way to prove that then to build a functional glass car to prove it ?
Shell decided there was no better way , so they built exactly that - and filmed it for your enjoyment .
Shell has a new oil , known as Helix , which they tout for its " active cleansing technology , " and a tagline that claims " performance you can see . "
In order to back up their bold claims , Shell outsourced the building of a completely see - through car , made out of clear Perplex ( plexiglass ) .
The car of choice is a Nissan 370Z , recreated with immense detail and at least some functionality .
The engine itself was made double the size of the original - purely to allow for the video to capture the oil as it worked it way through the engine .
The end result is an interesting perspective not often - if ever - enjoyed by the human eye .
Could fights between your brood be causing you to be more likely to have an accident ?
An article on British car Web site Whatcar is citing a report by the Transport Research Laboratory for insurance company Direct Line that suggests arguing children can be such a distraction for drivers , that it 's almost as bad as driving while drunk .
The study found that reaction times of drivers fell by 13 percent when fighting children were in the car .
That 's the same number as that of drivers who are the British legal limit for alcohol consumption ( 1ooml ) .
That could add four meters -- about 12 feet -- to a highway stop .
Other findings ?
Instances of hard braking increased by around 40 percent when kids were going at it with each other .
Stress levels also increased by a third , and previous research showed that increasing stress levels could lead to more accidents .
Distracted driving is a real concern , but most of the focus has been on cell - phone use while driving and other distractions .
Not much attention has been given to the problems caused by other distractions , such as little Johnny placing his hand on little Suzie 's side of the back seat , thus initiating World War III in an SUV .
The best thing for parents to do is keep the little ones entertained .
Whether it 's the license plate game , " I spy " , or a sing - a- long , it 's better the kids be distracted than you .
No wonder the market for rear - seat entertainment centers is so strong .
[ Source : Whatcar ]
A woman bed - bound by her gigantic N cup breasts has been reduced to a B cup by surgery .
Her breasts grew abnormally large after the birth of her third child 7 years ago , in a condition known as bilateral gynecomastia .
For the last 6 months she had been unable to even leave her bed .
Doctors feared her breasts might actually crush her lungs and kill her .
Fortunately , local media raised money for breast reduction surgery , and after a 6 hour operation , she was reduced to a B cup – 16kg of breast was removed .
She explains how her life has improved after being liberated from the giant lumps of flesh which so tormented her :
“ It was awful .
If I tried to get up I would faint because my breasts were so heavy .
Before the operation I could n’t do anything , I just had to live with it , it got so bad that my breasts were touching my legs .
I have always had a small build , and the stress on the rest of my body was agony .
My breasts were growing by the day .
I could n’t move because my boobs and belly were the same size .
My breasts became so huge my skin had sores and I had trouble breathing . ”
In The States , billed as a “ documentary from the gay experience , ” has released a segment on Ohio , the lowest - ranking state when it comes to LGBT protections .
The documentary details a lesbian and transgender man ’s experiences as Ohioans fired for their identities .
Ohio ’s Equal Housing and Employment Act ( HB176 ) , legislation that would protect against experiences like those chronicled in the documentary , is stalled in the Ohio Senate because Senate President Bill Harris does n’t think there is a need for these legal protections .
Equality Ohio is urging everyone to write letters to Harris explaining why non-discrimination legislation is important and their experiences with discrimination .
Send your letter to :
Ohio Senate President Bill Harris
1 Capitol Square , 2nd Floor
Columbus , Ohio 43215
For an excellent example of a letter written in support of EHEA , check out TransOhio founder and chairman Shane Morgan ’s letter to the Columbus Dispatch .
a- Singled for Boyer in the 5th .
b- Walked for Heilman in the 9th .
a- Singled for Boyer in the 5th .
b- Walked for Heilman in the 9th .
a- Singled for Parra , M in the 9th .
a- Singled for Parra , M in the 9th .
BATTING
2B : McGehee ( 8 , Stange ) ; Braun ( 10 , Qualls ) ; Gerut ( 2 , Qualls ) ; Kottaras ( 4 , Qualls ) .
3B : Gerut ( 1 , Valdez ) .
HR : Gerut ( 2 , 2nd inning off Valdez , 0 on , 0 out ) ; Braun ( 6 , 5th inning off Boyer , 2 on , 2 out ) .
TB : Braun 6 ; Edmonds ; Fielder ; Gerut 10 ; Inglett ; Kottaras 2 ; McGehee 4 ; Weeks Jr. 3 ; Wolf .
RBI : Braun 4 ( 28 ) ; Escobar , A ( 11 ) ; Fielder ( 14 ) ; Gerut 4 ( 8 ) ; Kottaras 2 ( 8 ) ; McGehee 2 ( 25 ) ; Weeks Jr. ( 19 ) ; Wolf ( 1 ) .
2-out RBI : Gerut 2 ; McGehee ; Kottaras ; Wolf ; Weeks Jr. ; Braun 3 .
Runners left in scoring position , 2 out : Gerut ; McGehee 2 ; Weeks Jr. 3 ; Escobar , A .
Team RISP : 11 - for - 24 .
Team LOB : 9 .
FIELDING
E : McGehee ( 6 , fielding ) .
DP : 2 ( Wolf - Kottaras - Fielder ; Escobar , A - Weeks Jr. -Fielder ) .
In J2EE field , open source framework is pretty hot .
One of the advantages of them is that they are non-intrusive , because you do n’t need to make your classes extend any classes or implement any interfaces from the framework .
However , when we use the ORM framework , such as Hibernate or JDO , we still need to use some specific classes of them .
Therefore , in order to make the application more extensible , we should encapsulate the persistence layer of the system .
DAO ( data access object ) pattern has already been proved to be a good way to seprate the business logic layer and the persistent layer .
Today , I want to show an example of applying DAO pattern to Hibernate .
Usually , a typical DAO pattern contains a factory class , some DAO interfaces and some DAO classes which implement those interface .
Now , Let ’s take a blog system for an example .
Because I just want to show the structure , I will not present the detail of each class .
Firstly , we define the factory class :
public class DAOFactory {
private static DAOFactory daoFactory ;
static {
daoFactory = new DAOFactory ( ) ;
}
// Define the factory method , return the instance of specific classes
public DAOFactory getInstance ( ) {
return daoFactory ;
}
public BlogDAO getBlogDAO ( ) {
return new BlogDAOImpl ( ) ;
}
public BlogDAO getCommentDAO ( ) {
return new CommentDAOImpl ( ) ;
}
}
Secondly , we define the DAO interfaces .
The purpose of interfaces is to make our applicaiton more extensible .
For example , if we want to change the hibernate framework to the JDO framework in the future , we do n’t need to make any change to the business logic , just changing the implementation of the interface works well .
//Data access object interface
public interface BlogDAO {
// Blog are an persistence class
// define the method for inserting a blog to the system
public boolean insertBlog( Blog blog ) ;
// define the method to read a blog from the system according the id
public Blog readBlog ( Long blogId ) ;
}
Then , make an implementation to this interface :
// Data access object
public class BlogDAOImpl implements BlogDAO {
public boolean insertBlog( Blog blog ) {
Session session = HibernateUtil.getSession ( ) ;
….
}
public Blog readBlog( Long blogId ) {
Session session = HibernateUtil.getSession ( ) ;
….
}
}
//HibernateUtil is a help class
public class HibernateUtil{
private static SessionFactory sessionFactory ;
static {
sessionFactory = ….;
}
public static Session getSession ( ) {
return sessionFactory.openSession ( ) ;
}
}
Now , we can create a class for testing :
public class Test {
public static void main ( String [ ] args ) {
// insert a blog to the database
//assume that we already get an instance of Blog class named blog
BlogDAO blogDAO = DAOFactory.getInstance().getBlogDAO ( ) ;
blogDAO.inserBlog( blog ) ;
}
}
However , there are still some drawbacks of DAO pattern .
For example , we always have to get an instance of Session at the beginning of each method of the class BlogDAOImpl , which make us write the same code .
Fortunately , we can make some advances to this program , for instance , we can adopt spring framework for configuring the relationship between each class .
Mexico City , Mexico ( CNN ) --
A prison warden in the Mexican state of Morelos was abducted as he reported to work Saturday morning and his dismembered body was found later in four locations in the city of Cuernavaca , the government - run Notimex agency reported .
The warden was identified as Luis Navarro Castaneda , director of the Atlacholoaya prison .
Written messages were left with the body remains , Notimex said .
The news agency did not report what the messages said .
Navarro 's abandoned Toyota truck was found near the prison , Notimex said .
No arrests had been announced as of Sunday morning .
Polish Military : Crash Site Video Authentic
Investigation of popular Rastych video confirms amateur footage real
censoredbydigg ( Translation )
Source : se.pl
Thursday , May 6 , 2010
During a recent press conference the Military Prosecutor ’s Office informed of new findings in the investigation into the presidential plane crash .
It turns out that the amateur video of the crash site is authentic , and onboard the aircraft there could be up to five black boxes .
They have so far claimed four , but five black boxes were on board the TU - 154 , which crashed on April 10 near Smolensk .
The most recently found box is already in Poland , and is being tested by experts from the Institute of Military Technology .
We still do not know what time the crash occurred , or what was its cause .
The precise time of the Smolensk disaster is still unknown .
It is known that fuel was sufficient , and that the investigation has already interviewed sixty witnesses , according to the District Military Prosecutor ’s Office in Warsaw .
See also : Black Box Reveals the Truth
During a special press conference investigators also confirmed that the video of the crash site was not manipulated , and may also contain authentic audio .
We were informed that the Military District Prosecutor ’s Office in Warsaw is continuing the investigation – examining witnesses and analyzing documents related to the flight .
- The Cost of Following Jesus -
Objective :
To help us understand that there are costs ( at least in the worldly sense ) to choosing to follow Christ .
Scripture Basis :
Matt 16:24 -25 / Luke 14:27 -34 and many others
Activity :
Do you know what things cost ..
Take the cost test ( pass out Appendix B Handouts and have each one fill it out then get group to report answers and see if they can agree .
The BackDoor :
Opening Question : Does it cost anything to become a Christian ? ..
Discuss for a minute then open Bibles and read - Matt 16:24 - 25 / Luke 14:27-34
Students Teach Students :
Research Groups : - create 6 groups of 2 or 3 to research the verses found in Appendix A : Scripture handouts .. cut the paper and hand out the lists of verses for each group .
Have students write in the space provided the " Cost " found in the particular scripture .
( if you have a small group have 3 groups do 2 each . ) ..
The following is the answer key :
Cost # 1 :
We are to forfeit the world and its system of pleasures
Reference Cost / Concept Matt 10:34 -37 Following
Christ may cost someone his family .
This happens a lot especially in other countries , Some may choose to ignore the gospel in order to retain their family relationships Rom 12:2 James 4:4
We must stop following the pattern of this world .
The worlds pattern includes a focus on material things , money , pleasure and winning .
James 4:13 - 15
When we follow Christ we give up our will and start to seek his will for each aspect or decision we make in our life .
Joshua 24:15
When we follow Christ we choose to serve
God not ourselves or not other men
Cost # 2 :
We will be persecuted by the world for following Christ
Reference Cost / Concept Acts 14:22
The world contains many hardships .
Christians will go through these each in his own way John 15:18 - 21
The world ( many of those following the world system ) will hate you when you follow Christ .
They will do this because they hated Christ first .
John 17:14 - 16
God protects his children , but he does not remove us from the affects of the world , instead exposes us to it so we consider our inability to cope on our own .
Then we will learn to seek him in all things .
2 Tim 3:12
Everyone who wants to live a godly life will be persecuted , but some of us pretend to be like the worldly so we fit is and avoid persecution
Cost # 3 :
We will suffer in order that our faith and reliance on God might grow
Reference Cost / Concept 1 Peter 1:6-9
Trials and suffering will come in order to strengthen our faith which is very valuable to God. 2 Cor 1:8-10 Troubles come to help us rely on God. James 1:2- 4
Trails develop perseverance and we should consider this when facing them Rom 5:3 - 5 Trails also produce character , a type of character God calls wise
Cost # 4 :
We will suffer to bring Glory to Christ
Reference Cost / Concept Phil 1:29
It has been granted us not only to believe but to also suffer with Christ .. not only has the Holy Spirit enabled us to believe and gain eternal life but to gain future reward from suffering as Christ did .
2 Cor 4:8-12
The life that is in Christ is actually revealed by the difficulties we face 1 Peter 2:21
We are called to follow in Christ footsteps .. including those of suffering for the kingdom Acts 9:15 Even Paul was told he would suffer for Christ 1 Peter 4:12 - 15
When we are insulted for Christ , we are actually receiving blessing
Cost # 5 : We will be attacked by Satan
Reference Cost / Concept Rev 2:10 Luke 22:31 Satan will be allowed to test some Christians to see if their faith is true Eph 6:11 - 12 Our struggles are really against Spiritual forces - against the schemes of Satan to deceive us 2 Tim 4:17
When we speak out for Christ we will be attacked
Cost # 6 :
When we sin , it will be revealed and we will be disciplined
Reference Cost / Concept Rev 3:19
God rebukes sin in those he loves Num 32:23
The sins of Christians will be exposed .
They will not stay hidden as those of non Christians often do .
Prov 29:1 Heb 10:31
When a Christian continues to ignores rebukes from God , he is danger of being destroyed by God .
It is a dreadful thing to be judged by God !
2 Tim 2:19 Everyone who truly follows Christ must turn away from wicked behavior
Key Message :
Yes , becoming a Christian and deciding to follow Christ has costs and some of them can prove difficult for us .
Some of us may start to fear and perhaps lose heart when the costs show up in our life .
But before we lose heart lets look at what scripture tells us about " taking heart " and how God will help us handle each cost and what it buys for us .
Cost # 1 .
We are to forfeit the world and its pleasures . . but take heart in Matt 6:33
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness , and all these things will be given to you as well .
Mat 6:33 ( NIV )
Cost # 2 .
We will be persecuted by the world for following Christ ... but take heart in John 15:19 & Phil 3:20
If you belonged to the world , it would love you as its own .
As it is , you do not belong to the world , but I have chosen you out of the world .
That is why the world hates you .
John 15:19 ( NIV )
But our citizenship is in heaven .
And we eagerly await a Savior from there , the Lord Jesus Christ , Phil 3:20 ( NIV )
Cost # 3 .
We will suffer in order that our faith might grow . . but take heart in 1 Peter 1:6-7
These have come so that your faith -- of greater worth than gold , which perishes even though refined by fire -- may be proved genuine and may result in praise , glory and honor when Jesus Christ is revealed .
1 Peter 1:6-7 ( NIV )
Cost # 4 .
We will suffer to bring Glory to Christ . . but take heart in 2 Cor 4:15 - 17
All this is for your benefit , so that the grace that is reaching more and more people may cause thanksgiving to overflow to the glory of God .
Therefore we do not lose heart .
Though outwardly we are wasting away , yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day .
For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all .
2 Cor 4:15 - 17 ( NIV )
Cost # 5 .
We will be attacked by Satan .. but take heart in 2 Tim 4:18
The Lord will rescue me from every evil attack and will bring me safely to his heavenly kingdom .
To him be glory for ever and ever .
Amen . 2 Tim 4:18 ( NIV )
Cost # 6 .
When we sin , it will be revealed and we will be disciplined .. but take heart in Heb 12:5 - 6
And you have forgotten that word of encouragement that addresses you as sons : " My son , do not make light of the Lord 's discipline , and do not lose heart when he rebukes you , because the Lord disciplines those he loves , and he punishes everyone he accepts as a son . "
Heb 12:5 -6 ( NIV )
Conclusion :
So in summary recognize the costs of following Jesus but take heart and do not be afraid of them for the benefits far outweigh the costs .
Remember the thing man really needs to fear is being found not following Christ .
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life , but whoever rejects the Son will not see life , for God 's wrath remains on him . "
John 3:36 ( NIV )
Do not be afraid of those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul .
Rather , be afraid of the One who can destroy both soul and body in hell .
Matt 10:28 ( NIV )
Appendix A : Scripture Research Handouts
Group 1
Reference Cost / Concept Matt 10:34-37 Rom 12:2 James 4:4 James 4:13 - 15 Joshua 24:15
Group 2
Reference Cost / Concept Acts 14:22 John 15:18 - 21 John 17:14 -16 2 Tim 3:12
Group 3
Reference Cost / Concept 1 Peter 1:6-9 2 Cor 1:8-10 James 1:2-4 Rom 5:3-5
Group 4
Reference Cost / Concept Phil 1:29 2 Cor 4:8-12 1 Peter 2:21 Acts 9:15 1 Peter 4:12-15
Group 5
Reference Cost / Concept Rev 2:10 Luke 22:31 Eph 6:11 - 12 2 Tim 4:17
Group 6
Reference Cost / Concept Rev 3:19 Num 32:23 Prov 29:1 Heb 10:31 2 Tim 2:19
Appendix B : Do You Know What it Costs Test
Why did n't someone tell me about this sooner !
The first video I found on walk - along gliders seemed so incredible that I assumed it was fake .
Not so !
There are tons of videos and wonderful how - to tutorials out there ( see below ) .
My thanks to Falk Keuten and the other contributors to the outstanding Paper Forest Blog for sharing these with me .
Here is an Instructable on how to make your own walk - along glider :
Labels : air , DIY , Falk Keuten , flying toys , Paper
A boat full of scientists from the federal government and BP PLC cruised the shoreline along the border between Alabama and Florida last week , in search of sunken oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill .
They dropped strings of mop-like , white plastic " pompoms , " weighted down by metal chains , into the shallow water .
Swimmers looked on , relaxing in what seemed a still - pristine sea .
But ...
In the Introduction to his book “ R for SAS and SPSS Users ” ( Springer 2009 ) Robert Muenchen offers ten reasons for learning R if you already know SAS or SPSS .
All ten reasons say something important about R. However , his fourth reason : “ R ’s language is more powerful than SAS or SPSS .
R developers write most of their analytic methods using the R language ; SAS and SPSS developers do not use their own languages to develop their procedures ” is fundamental .
To me , this expresses something about R that should speak to anyone who does statistical modeling no matter what tools she or he may be using .
What is so compelling about R ’s powerful language ?
I think that there is a direct analogy here with natural language .
Every language enables thoughts peculiar to the culture in which it developed .
If you speak more than one language , how many times have you labored to say something in another language that just comes so naturally in your mother tongue ?
Whether by design , or historical accident , some languages are just better than others for saying certain things .
I propose that in the same way that English is the language of business , and that French may still be the language of diplomacy , R is the language of Statistics .
I do n’t just mean that R “ is spoken ” by many or even most statisticians .
R ’s superiority for statistics is deeper than that .
R is a language with syntax and structure that have been explicitly designed to formulate expressions about statistical objects .
At this time , it may be le premier langue for statistical thinking that enables the formulation of ideas , and notions about statistical models and data that are difficult to express succinctly in other languages including mathematical notation .
For example , suppose you want to discuss multiple regression .
A mathematical exposition might begin with the equation :
(1) Y = X ( beta ) + epsilon
A statistician will naturally interpret this as an expression of the regression model , but ( 1 ) is primarily a statement about the relationship of random variables , abstract mathematical entities not statistical models .
In contrast , the R expression
( 2 ) model <- lm(y ~ x )
is a statement about the linear model that relates the data structures x and y .
For a person who “ speaks ” some R , ( 2 ) “ means ” the model object coefficients , residuals etc. that result from fitting a linear model to the data structures x and y .
Moreover , ( 2 ) actually makes “ model ” an object , packed with information that describes the regression and can be thought about as a whole and “ talked about ” with other R expressions .
There is certainly some overlap , but expressions ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are really about different concepts .
As another example of the expressive power of the R language , consider how difficult it is to formulate multi-level hierarchical models in standard mathematical notation .
With the aid of the notation “ j[ i ] ” which is used to encode group membership ( j [ 10 ] = 2 means the tenth element in the data indexed by i belongs to group 2 ) Gelman and Hill ( Cambridge 2007 : a must read for anyone new at multi- level modeling ) write the simple varying intercept model with one additional predictor as yi = ( alpha ) j [ i ] + ( beta ) xi +( epsilon ) i .
This nonstandard notation gets messy quickly as complexity increases , and as Gelman and Hill point out it does n’t enable the unique specification of the model .
( They discuss five ways to write the same model . )
By way of contrast , their R code using the lmer function ( now lme4 ) :
model <- lmer(y ~ x + ( 1 | group ) )
CTRL + zooms fonts
Toolbox
Jooble Jobs International Jobs search engine .
See job listings anywhere .
Random Picked Clients
http://www.?????
Look for an available domain name
We Use and Recommend
Click here for a FREE
30 day trial
This is the Mail Washer that I use and have used for over 10 years .
I have tested many others , but Mail Washer is still The Best spam control .
Fun Stuff
The Right Posty
for that special client or friend
Useful Tools
OpenScrolls.org , the best free academic resource for college students .
We will teach you how to write impeccable introductions and conclusions for your term papers , as well as show you how to conduct research for your term papers .
Transatlanticstudies.org , free assignment writing help
vital homework tips for high school students
That Team Ico bundle that sneaked its way onto the internet ?
It ’s real , TheSixthAxis has been told unofficially this morning , and it ’s due Q1 2011 .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
We do n’t currently have much other details that we can spill , and for obvious reasons we ’re branding this a rumour , but our source not only confirmed that Ico and Shadow of the Colossus will be heading our way on a Blu-ray disk for the PS3 , but also that we wo n’t see the double pack until the beginning of next year .
Sony declined to comment on the date and details when we asked them .
Here ’s hoping it ’s true .
Disclaimer : please note this is an unverified rumour , and does not constitute anything official .
DETROIT -- Nicklas Lidstrom , 40 , had two assists and a plus - 5 rating in the
against the San Jose Sharks in Game 4 of their Western Conference semifinal series .
He leads all defensemen with four goals in the playoffs , and his 10 points are tied with teammate Brian Rafalski for the NHL lead among defensemen .
Big Sharks center Joe Thornton tried to rough it up with Lidstrom in the third period , but the Red Wings captain would n't oblige .
" I think just frustration on his part , '' Lidstrom said .
" They already had a delayed penalty , he was just trying to draw another penalty on one of our guys .
You just have to skate away from that . ''
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock spoke before the game about the pleasure of coaching Lidstrom .
" He 's not 25 anymore , but he 's still an elite player , '' Babcock said .
" It 's been a pleasure for me to coach because he does n't mind giving me feedback .
He helps out .
He 's a great example to anyone .
If you ever want to put a video together of how to play the game -- we call them Nickisms -- and use them at training camp to show people this is how you play . ''
Lidstrom has steadfastly maintained that he wo n't decide on his future until after the playoffs .
While many of his teammates and many in the organization anticipate he will play next season , Lidstrom is not providing any clues .
" I 've been here five years and he 's been addressing it at the end of the season for five years , '' Babcock said .
" He 's been fantastic , because leadership to me is about doing things right .
He still says the right things , but it 's more about his actions than what he does .
It 's always been about the team .
" He 's gone about his business very quietly .
The bigger the game , the bigger the stage , the better he 's played . ''
Odds and ends
Forward Mattias Ritola made his career playoff debut , replacing Jason Williams .
He had no points and no shots in 7:45 .
Limahuli Valley on Kauai's North Shore , with its green - mantled spires of volcanic rock , starred as Bali Hai in the movie " South Pacific . "
The Limahuli Garden , one of five units of the National Tropical Botanical Garden , occupies 17 acres of this improbably gorgeous place ; an additional 985 acres preserve remnant upland forest .
" Limahuli " means " turning hands . "
The garden celebrates indigenous people 's ties to the land , as well as the islands ' endangered plant heritage .
Its tour trail passes terraced taro ( kalo ) ponds , framed in lava rock at least 700 years ago and irrigated by canals diverting water from Limahuli Stream .
The terraces - lo'i kalo - were part of an apupua 'a , the traditional unit of land management : a pie slice with its apex in the mountains and its broad end in the sea .
The system survived on Kauai into the mid-1900s .
Juliet Rice Wichman , member of a prominent Kauai family descended from New England missionaries , acquired the property in 1967 and donated the garden portion to the National Tropical Botanical Garden in 1976 .
Her grandson Charles " Chipper " Wichman Jr. is now the organization 's director and CEO .
The group 's mission , conserving Hawaii 's native plants , includes searching the backlands for undiscovered or forgotten species , and propagating them in a state - of - the - art facility near Poipu on the South Shore .
That 's the site of its other two Kauai gardens : the Allerton , a former private estate designed in the 1930s , and the McBryde , with native plants , " canoe plants " introduced by Polynesian voyagers - taro , ti , breadfruit , sugarcane - and palms , exotic culinary plants and ornamentals .
Unlike the McBryde , the Limahuli displays the natives in their ecological context .
Short of a hike into the Alakai Swamp , Kauai 's boggy heart , the Limahuli is the best introduction to a botanical lost world .
There 's Pritchardia limahuliensis , a species of loulu - native fan palm - endemic to that single valley .
Hawaii as a whole had 22 loulu species ; several are now extinct .
Their seeds , once dispersed by native birds , are now destroyed by introduced rats .
There 's the koki'o ke 'oke 'o , a delicately scented white hibiscus ( Hibiscus waimeae subspecies hannerae ) once thought extinct .
Botanical garden researchers rediscovered the plant , which can grow 30 feet tall , in a remote part of the Limahuli Preserve in 1976 .
Limahuli 's signature plant is the alula ( Brighamia insignis ) , a lobelia relative that could have been a Dr. Seuss invention ; it 's been described as " a cabbage on top of a bowling pin . "
The alula 's natural habitat is the precipitous Na Pali cliffs , where only a few individuals remain .
No one has ever seen its pollinator in action ; some speculate that it may be the elusive green sphinx moth , or something even more rare , if not extinct .
Botanical garden botanists have rappelled down the vertical cliffs to hand - pollinate alula plants in situ .
Alula has been successfully propagated by Martin Grantham at San Francisco State University , among others - but is hard to keep alive .
An attempted introduction at Kilauea Point is looking unsuccessful .
It really misses its cliffs , where it 's being displaced by the likes of invasive sanseveria , the familiar houseplant " mother - in - law 's tongue . "
The islands ' 900 or so endemic species are being crowded out by weedy invaders from all over the planet - an estimated 10,000 species .
Some escaped from cultivation ; others were deliberately planted to provide emergency watershed cover after the original forests were logged off .
Even in the remote Alakai , ornamental ginger is muscling in on rare natives .
Limahuli's Invasive Forest Walk documents this hostile takeover :
It has intentionally been left to the mercies of exotic autograph trees , yellow strawberry guavas and one of the worst offenders , schefflera .
Another familiar houseplant , it 's one of Kauai 's worst invaders .
Locals call it octopus tree because of its crimson tentacular flowers .
Ever seen one in bloom ?
We had n't , before Kauai .
We 'd earlier met a couple of employees of the state agency that deals with invasive plants , on their lunch break in a Lihue city park .
Theirs is a herculean job .
They told us local nurseries are getting on board , but funding is meager and staffing is skeletal .
With their efforts , those of National Tropical Botanical Garden 's explorers and propagators , and of nurseries and gardeners , there might still be a chance to preserve , even restore , one of the world 's extraordinary hot spots of plant diversity .
Splash Back
81 % - 52067 Votes
Object of this fun puzzle game is to get all of the globs off the screen by pumping certain ones up and taking the rest out .
You start with 10 drops in your tank .
Use YOUR MOUSE to click on the blobs so that they grow until they burst .
Create combos to earn more drops .
How many levels can you clear .
Alon Taylor cleared 62 levels .
Can anyone beat that ?
Have fun !
