Back when I was still working in the tech industry ( I was a software developer for a small consulting company in my second job out of university ) I had a boss that was … shall we say unpopular .
My co-workers and I hated his guts and we complained ceaselessly about him .
It got to the point where we could n’t start a meeting , have lunch in the cafeteria , or even go out for a beer without spending half an hour complaining about him .
We whined about his attitude , his stupidity , his meddling , his spinelessness … hell , even his dress sense came under fire .
But then again , he is the only manager who has ever interviewed me wearing a narrow 80s - style purple , fake - leather tie .
But did we ever tell him ?
Nooooooo !
While we were bitching and moaning to ourselves , he blithely went on as usual because no one ever complained to him .
Which might ’ve made sense when you think about it …
Looking back , I ’m not sure that complaining to him would have worked – I think he was incorrigible – but one thing is for damn sure :
Out bitching about it , fun though it may have been , did not improve things one little bit .
Because that kind of chronic complaining , justified or not , in the workplace leads to no good .
In fact , in can be downright toxic and can make a department or even a whole company a terrible place to work .
Here ’s why constant complaining is so bad :
1 : It makes things look worse than they are
When people complain , they focus only on what ’s wrong .
Things may be mostly fine in the company , but complainers only talk about the problems , annoyances and peeves they perceive .
If things in a company are 80 % good and 20 % bad and you spend most of your time thinking and talking about the bad 20 % – the situation will look a lot worse than it really is .
2 : It becomes a habit
The more you complain , the easier it gets .
In the end , everything is bad , every situation is a problem , every co-worker is a jerk and nothing is good .
The more you focus on the negative , the harder it gets to switch into a positive mindset .
3 : You get what you focus on
According to Wikipedia , Confirmation bias is :
… a tendency to search for or interpret new information in a way that confirms one ’s preconceptions and avoid information and interpretations which contradict prior beliefs .
In other words , what you already believe influences your perception of everything around you .
That ’s why constant complaining makes you see everything in a negative light , because your subconscious mind tries to make new observation fit with what you already know .
4 : It leads to onedownmanship
A complaining session might go something like this :
The other day , my boss came in 5 minutes before I was leaving and asked me to finish two huge projects for him .
I had to stay two hours and missed my football game .
Yeah , well my boss told me to work this weekend AND the next .
Hah , that ’s nothing !
My boss …
This type of interaction rewards the person with the worst story who can complain the loudest .
Not healthy !
5 : It makes people despondent
Not only does constant complaining make you see the workplace as worse than it really is , but because you ’re constantly hearing stories of how bad things are and how they ’re constantly getting worse it also destroys all hope that things can get better .
This of course makes people less likely to take action to improve their situation , because everybody knows it ’s doomed to fail anyway .
6 : It kills innovation
Because the situations looks so hopeless , people become less creative and innovative .
What ’s the point of coming up with ideas and implementing them – it ’s never going to work anyway .
Also , chronic complainers are the first to shoot down any new idea .
7 : It favors negative people
The way to get status among complainers is to be the most negative .
To be the one who sees everything in the most negative light .
Any attempt to be positive or cheerful will be shot down and optimists will be accused of being Pollyanna , naive and unrealistic .
8 : It promotes bad relationships
People who complain together unite against the world and can create strong internal relationships based on this .
But these relationships are based mostly on negative experiences .
That ’s not healthy .
It also means that you can only continue to be a part of the group if you can continue to complain , miring you even deeper in a complaint mindset .
9 : It creates cliques
Being positive , optimistic and appreciative makes you more open towards other people – no matter who they are .
It becomes easy to connect to co-workers in other departments , projects or divisions .
Complaining , on the other hand , makes people gather in cliques with their fellow complainers where they can be critical and suspicious of everybody else .
10 : Pessimism is bad for you
Research in positive psychology has shown that people who see the world in a positive light have a long list of advantages , including :
They live longer
They ’re healthier
They have more friends and better social lives
They enjoy life more
They ’re more successful at work
We sometimes think that pessimists and complainers have the edge because they see problems sooner but the truth is that optimists not only lead better lives , they ’re also more successful because they believe that what they ’re doing is going to work .
The upshot
Constant complaining in the workplace is toxic .
It can drain the happiness , motivation , creativity and fun from a whole company .
Wherever it ’s going on it must be addressed and handled properly .
I ’m NOT saying that we should never complain at work – quite the contrary .
If you see a problem in your workplace , complain to whoever can do something about it .
What we should avoid at all costs , is constant bitching and moaning , where we ’re always complaining about the same things , to the same people , in the same way , day in and day out .
So what can we do about it ?
Well first of all , each of us can learn to complain constructively .
This means learning to complain in a way that leads to the problem being fixed – rather than to more complaining .
Here ’s my post on how you can How to complain constructively .
Secondly , we can learn to deal with the chronic complainers we meet at work .
Unfortunately , our traditional strategies like trying to cheer them up or suggesting solutions for their problems do n’t work because complainers are n’t looking for encouragement or solutions .
Here ’s my post on how to deal with chronic complainers .
Finally , you can train your own ability to be positive .
Just like complaining can become a habit , so can being appreciative , optimistic and grateful .
You could declare today a positive day , you could take a few minutes at the end of every work day to write down five good experiences from that day or you could praise a co-worker .
Try it and let me know how it goes !
Your take
But what do you think ?
Do you know any chronic complainers at work ?
What is their impact ?
How do you complain , when you see a problem ?
Please write a comment , I ’d really like to know !
Related
Here are some related posts about workplace complaining :
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
New Mexico State Senator Jerry Ortiz y Pino has decided to go ahead with an impeachment resolution !
He is co-sponsoring it with NM State Senator John Grubesic of Santa Fe .
The wording is similar to bills introduced in other states last year and it calls for the impeachment of both Bush and Cheney .
The formal announcement is tentatively scheduled for January 23rd in the State Roundhouse .
The Senator ’s office had initially contacted IFP on Jan. 7th in order to consult us on some of the deeper aspects of the process of impeachment in an effort to start the resolution process in their State .
We sent them information regarding historical precedent , the rules of the U.S. House of Representatives , and a copy of another State ’s draft resolution , and let them know we would offer any additional support they need .
Then , on Jan. 12th the news broke that Senator Ortiz was pursuing the legislation .
We certainly hope the information IFP provided helped in encouraging the Senator , and will continue to supply any addtional support we can .
We also encourage any other State representative to contact IFP regarding any possible future impeachment resolutions .
Congratulations New Mexico !
For further information or questions contact :
Legislative Aide Desi Brown
( 505)256-0668
[ email protected ]
More :
http://www.democracyfornewmexico.com/democracy_for_new_mexico/2007/01/draft_of_impeac.html
Okay , so the bin Laden tape is out and it ’s time for the pundits to all start talking about it .
Just like last time , the right has started their assault on the left because of supposed “ connections ” between bin Laden ’s rhetoric and that of some on the far left .
FOX News is leading the charge , beginning with the lovable Sean Hannity .
“ He seems to adopt the exact same language being used by the hard left in this country , ” Hannity says , “ as he describes what ’s going on in Iraq as a civil war .
He actually used the term ‘ Neocons . ’
He talks about global warming .
He demonizes capitalisms ( sic ) and corporations in this whole thing — very , very specific language .
It seems to be coming from somebody who is keenly aware of the world situation and the battle and the conflict in America over this war , and even admonishing the Democratic Party for not ending the war . ”
Now you can read the entire transcript of the thing for yourself , and for the record he uses the word “ neoconservatives ” as opposed to the more slang - ish “ neocons ” .
While that seems like a tiny distinction , it tells me that Hannity did n’t actually read / listen and just took a few bullet points before yelling .
No surprises there .
What really gets to me is that as soon as bin Laden starts talking , the right is so eager to put him in the same camp as the left .
Now on any given issue , he ’s probably going to side with the left or the right .
If he says something like “ the war is a failure ” , he ’s going to say something like what the left says .
When he starts saying the country should be run as a theocracy , he ’s with the right ( albeit with a different religion ) .
One thing we know about Osama bin Laden is that he ’s not a complete moron .
He possesses a strong knowledge of history and world politics , and can put the ideas together very well .
He ’s not some idiot in a cave , though that ’s where he tends to hide , he ’s a very smart man and can obviously deliver a speech with the best of them .
Read through , he evokes world leaders throughout the decades , even mentions Noam Chomsky .
Here ’s a piece that ’s being seized upon :
It would benefit you to listen to the poignant messages of your soldiers in Iraq , who are paying – with their blood , nerves , and scattered limbs – the price for these sorts of irresponsible statements .
Among them is the eloquent message of Joshua which he sent by way of the media , in which he wipes the tears from his eyes and describes American politicians in harsh terms and invites them to join him there for a few days .
Perhaps his messages will find in you an attentive so you can rescue him and more than 150,000 of your sons there who are tasting the two bitterest things :
And so forth .
Let me ask you all a question : do you honestly believe that Osama bin Laden gives two shits about American soldiers ?
Does he really feel bad for Joshua ?
When he speaks of mines devouring Americans , is that because he sympathizes with the plight of Americans and wants to save them from the hardship ?
This is a man who killed 3,000 innocents on 9/11 and makes no bones about it ( he mentions that earlier in the speech ) .
A guy who has no problems killing people who were just going to work that day most likely does n’t care about people who came with the express purpose of attacking him and his supporters .
No , I do n’t believe for a second that his supposed pleading for consideration for the soldiers is genuine .
So why mention it ?
Does he want the Iraq
War to end so badly that he believes he can appeal to our sympathies ?
Once again , bin Laden is not an idiot .
For him to think he can get American politicians to say “ hey , you know , that Osama guy ’s got a good point , maybe we should take his advice ! ” would be like the KKK thinking they can get the NAACP to listen to them if they deliver a particularly eloquent speech .
The man is aware that there is no way in hell America will ever consider his “ advice ” seriously .
Secondly , consider what the war in Iraq has done .
Al Qaeda is arguably as strong if not stronger than it was prior to 9/11 , they certainly have more members than before .
Separate groups have combined into one larger entity ( think the murderous Zarqawi linking with bin Laden whereas previously they had n’t ) .
Bin Laden himself is in no danger of capture , if constant repetition of “ the War on Terror is bigger than one man ” and similar sentiments are anything to go by .
The war has elevated his group from thugs to one - shot murderers to a force that is so powerful that the United States cannot defeat them even after six years of fighting .
Our freedoms are being eroded , our soldiers are being killed , morale is at an all time low while worldwide anti-American sentiments are at an all - time high .
What does his rhetoric accomplish ?
Look back at Hannity et al ’s comments .
When he speaks , he both re-inforces the neoconservative line and makes the left look like fools by “ agreeing ” with them .
Bin Laden ’s periodic appearances help the right far more than they could ever help the left .
There ’s no way the man thinks his statements will be met with thoughtful consideration and careful debate .
So let ’s say you ’re Osama bin Laden .
You know that anything you say will be vociferously disagreed with .
If your statements align with an American politician , that politician will be seen as a fool and will be forced to distance himself from his own beliefs and explain why he certainly does n’t agree with a terrorist like you .
What do you do ?
Simple : you make sure that your speeches echo the party that poses the greatest threat to you .
You marginalize those who could hurt your goals and make those who help you all the more adamant .
Bin Laden does n’t give a damn about Joshua or the American soldiers whose lives are being wasted every day in Iraq .
He wants us to stay over there .
Osama bin Laden wants the radicals in Iraq to continue to fight .
He wants the war between Sunnis and Shiites to rage .
He wanted Saddam the infidel to be taken out .
He wants America to be more and more hated .
He wants our military to continue to wear down .
I ’m certainly not the first person to suggest that George W Bush was the greatest thing to happen to Osama bin Laden and perhaps terrorism in general .
Had the war started and ended in Afghanistan , truly eradicated Al Qaeda and then the troops came home , the message would be that if you attack us , you ’re done for buddy .
Our vengeance will be swift and terrible to use the Penzance lingo .
Instead , we united the separate radical groups in the Middle East , overextended ourselves , and panicked to the point of giving up our rights and freedoms .
You know , the ones he hates us for .
And that ’s the lesson .
Sean Hannity and the right is playing right into bin Laden ’s hands .
By screaming at the left for “ agreeing ” with him and redoubling their pro-war efforts , they ’re giving bin Laden exactly what he wants .
He has little to no personal stake in this war .
We stand to lose far more by its continuation , not him .
All he ’s had to do is remind us all that he ’s there , and say a few things that seem to agree with the Democrats and bingo bango the United States starts sprinting toward that cliff .
He does n’t need to actually fight any more , just hide out and periodically record a big speech .
Although it ’s worth saying that he is n’t a total nutcase .
He ’s occasionally insightful .
But then , so was Adolf Hitler .
So take that with a grain of salt .
Anything you learn changes your brain .
That ’s the point of learning .
And different types of learning strengthen different parts of your brain .
For example , learning math changes your brain in a different way from learning art , or learning to juggle .
I studied economics in college .
One thing I ’ve noticed is that other people who have studied economics tend to think a similar way .
Some of the similarity is probably because it takes a certain kind of person to be interested in economics in the first place .
But I ’m convinced that the study of economics changes brains in a way I can identify after about five minutes of conversation .
In particular , I think the study of economics makes you relatively immune to cognitive dissonance .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_dissonance
The primary skill of an economist is identifying all of the explanations for various phenomena .
Cognitive dissonance is , at its core , the inability to recognize and accept other explanations .
I ’m oversimplifying , but you get the point .
The more your brain is trained for economics , the less it is susceptible to cognitive dissonance , or so it seems .
The joke about economists is that they are always using the phrase “ On the other hand . ”
Economists are trained to recognize all sides of an argument .
That seems like an easy and obvious skill , but in my experience , the general population lacks that skill .
Once people take a side , they interpret any argument on the other side as absurd .
In other words , they are relatively susceptible to cognitive dissonance .
Recently I saw the best case of cognitive dissonance I have ever seen .
It was on Bill Maher 's show , Real Time , which I love .
Bill was interviewing Danish economist Bjorn Lomborg , who has a book about global warming , called " Cool It . "
The economist made the following points clearly and succinctly :
1. Global warming is real , and people are a major cause .
2 . When considering the problems that global warming will cause , we should n't ignore the benefits of global warming , such as fewer deaths from cold .
3 . The oceans rose a foot in the last hundred years , and the world adapted , so the additional rise from global warming might not be as big a problem as people assume .
4 . Developing economical fossil fuel alternatives is the only rational solution to global warming because countries such as China and India will use the cheapest fuel , period .
If only the developed countries who can afford alternatives change their ways , it ’s not enough to make a dent in the problem .
The Danish economist ’s argument does n't fall into the established views about global warming .
He was n't denying it is happening , or denying humans are a major cause .
But he also was n’t saying we should drive hybrid cars , since he thinks it wo n’t be enough to help .
He thinks we need to make solar ( or other alternatives ) more economical .
That ’s the magic bullet .
His views do n’t map to either popular camp on this issue , and it created a fascinating cognitive dissonance in Bill Maher ( a fan of hybrid cars ) and his panelists .
Here are their reactions after the interview :
Rob Thomas said the interview " ... confused the shit out of me . "
( Yet the economist was completely clear and communicated well . )
Salman Rushdie said , jokingly , that what he heard was " There 's no connection between smoking and lung cancer . "
By that he meant the author was denying that fossil fuels contribute to global warming .
( The economist said exactly the opposite , and clearly . )
Bill Maher said , " ...20 years later , this guy is going to say , ' You know what ?
Yeah , there is global warming . "
( The economist already said exactly that during the interview .
In fact , his entire book is based on global warming being true and hastened by fossil fuels . )
You can see the full transcript for yourself here .
The interview is about 60 % into the show .
http://billmaher.com/?page_id=209
Bill Maher is a brilliant guy , whether you agree with his views or not .
Salman Rushdie is brilliant too .
I do n’t know about Rob Thomas , but he looks bright enough .
Why could n’t these three people hear anything the economist was saying ?
It looks to me like a classic case of cognitive dissonance .
They literally could n’t recognize that the economist was on their side because he suggested considering both the positive and negative effects of global warming .
I know I harp on this topic too much .
But I do think that understanding cognitive dissonance , especially when it happens to you , is the only way to understand the world .
You can see this phenomenon on this blog on a regular basis .
If I say Iran has a legitimate economic reason for building nuclear reactors , because experts agree Iran is running out of oil , it will be interpreted as anti-semetic .
If I say the evidence for evolution that is available to me personally , as a non-expert , looks sketchy , it is interpreted as an argument for creationism .
In summary , if you ever plan to use the phrase “ on the other hand , ” be sure to wear your Kevlar underpants .
When suspected Chinese hackers penetrated the Pentagon this summer , reports downplayed the cyberattack .
The hackers hit a secure Pentagon system known as NIPRNet – but it only carries unclassified information and general e-mail , Department of Defense officials said .
Yet a central aim of the Chinese hackers may not have been top secrets , but a probe of the Pentagon network structure itself , some analysts argue .
The NIPRNet ( Non-classified Internet Protocol Router Network ) is crucial in the quick deployment of US forces should China attack Taiwan .
By crippling a Pentagon Net used to call US forces , China gains crucial hours and minutes in a lightning attack designed to force a Taiwan surrender , experts say .
China 's presumed infiltration underscores an ever bolder and more advanced capability by its cybershock troops .
Today , of an estimated 120 countries working on cyberwarfare , China , seeking great power status , has emerged as a leader .
" The Chinese are the first to use cyberattacks for political and military goals , " says James Mulvenon , an expert on Chin 's military and director of the Center for Intelligence and Research in Washington .
" Whether it is battlefield preparation or hacking networks connected to the German chancellor , they are the first state actor to jump feet first into 21st - century cyberwarfare technology .
This is clearly becoming a more serious and open problem . "
China is hardly the only state conducting cyberespionage .
" Everybody is hacking everybody , " says Johannes Ullrich , an expert with the SANS Technology Institute , pointing to Israeli hacks against the US , and French hacks against European Union partners .
But aspects of the Chinese approach worry him .
" The part I am most afraid of is … staging probes inside key industries .
It 's almost like sleeper cells , having ways to [ disrupt ] systems when you need to if it ever came to war . "
In recent weeks , China stands accused not only of the Pentagon attack , but also of daily striking German federal ministries and British government offices , including Parliament .
After an investigation in May , officials at Germany 's Office of the Protection of the Constitution told Der Speigel that 60 percent of all cyberattacks on German systems come from China .
Most originate in the cities of Lanzhou and Beijing , and in Guangdong Province , centers of high - tech military operations .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel publicly raised the issue with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao in Beijing last month .
Mr. Wen did not deny China 's activity , but said it should stop .
President George Bush , prior to his meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao in Sydney , Australia , at the APEC summit last week , stated that respect of computer " systems " is " what we expect from people with whom we trade . "
The accusations , hard to prove conclusively , still illumine an emerging theater of low - level attacks among nations .
This spring , presumed Russian hackers made headlines with a one - off cyberblitz of Estonia , shutting down one of the most wired countries in Europe for a week – blunt payback for removal of a Soviet war memorial .
But China 's cyberstrategy is deemed murkier and more widespread .
The tenaciousness of Chinese hackers , whose skills were once derided by US cyberexperts , has begun to sink in to Western states and their intelligence services .
Probes of the Pentagon system that would bring US intervention should China attack Taiwan are part of a program dating to the 1990s that links cyberwarfare to real - world military action by China 's People 's Liberation Army .
The very probe shows success in China 's long - term program , experts say .
" The Chinese want to disrupt that unofficial network in a crucial time - frame inside a Taiwan scenario , " says Mr. Mulvenon .
" It is something they 've written about .
When you read what Chinese strategists say , it is the unclassified network they will go after … to delay deployment .
China is developing tremendous capability . "
Much of the hacking prowess in China is attributed to " gray hat " hackers – techie mercenaries , often younger males , geeks proud of the title – who can be mobilized to attack systems if needed , experts say .
In cyberparlance , black hats are hackers whose professional life is spent trying to attack other systems .
White hats are those who defend against attacks .
But China is regarded as having a substantial number of hackers in the gray middle – cutting - edge technopatriots loosely affiliated with the Chinese government , but who are not formal agents of the state .
This allows many Chinese hackers to exist in a zone of deniability .
To be sure , provability and deniability are central in cyberwarfare .
The most difficult problem is how to prove who hacks a system .
In recent weeks , Beijing has officially expressed shock , pain , and denial of news reports like those in Der Speigel fingering China , and at a host of official and semi-official accusations .
But China 's ardent denials , in the face of its own professed desire to be a cyberattack specialist , are not entirely persuasive , analysts say .
" Sometimes [ Chinese ] will brag about their exploits , and other times they 'll disclaim them entirely , blaming unknown rogue individuals , " says Bill Woodcock , research director at Packet Clearing House , a nonprofit research institute that focuses on Internet security and stability .
The new focus by other governments on China 's capabilities are part of getting to know a country long criticized for a lack of transparency .
" China 's ambitions are quite extensive .
It is a great power that is rising , and so other people want to scrutinize you .
That 's part of being a great society , " says a veteran European China - watcher in Beijing .
" When you hack into the private files of other governments , people want to know what you are doing .
If you talk about a harmonious world , and a harmonious society , and then you do things that are n't harmonious – you get called out . "
Of particular alarm for Washington and other world capitals are so - called " zero - day attacks " – cyberpenetrations that look for software flaws to exploit .
This is not an uncommon pastime for hackers .
But in China 's case , suspicion falls on professional hackers , says Sami Saydjari , a Defense Department computer - security veteran who now heads a firm called Cyber Defense Agency in Wisconsin .
" The Chinese ... [ put ] very strong controls over … their Internet , and it's highly unlikely there are hacker groups that have any substantial level of capability they do n't control , " says Mr. Saydjari .
Analysts say China constantly probes US military networks .
But attributing this conclusively to the People 's Liberation Army , fingered by German officials in Der Speigel , is almost impossible .
To trace attacks to their source requires the help of those who control each link , or router .
Proving cyberattacks involves what Mulvenon calls the " Tarzana , California , problem . "
How does one know an attack " is n't coming from a kid in Tarzana who is bouncing off a Chinese server ? "
Mulvenon asks .
" You do n't .
You can't predicate a response based on perfect knowledge of the attacker .
But we think that correlation is causation .
That is , ' Who benefits ? '
The best - case analysis is to correlate attacks with what Chinese have always said and written their goals are , which makes them by far the most likely suspect . "
Cyberpenetration runs the gamut , from simple to sophisticated .
There 's a simple " Trojan horse attack , " for example , said to be used against the German chancellery .
Hackers send what appears to be a legitimate e-mail .
When opened , it installs malicious software that allows hackers to open files in a private network , or disrupt it .
A Trojan horse is not surprising in an unclassified system , says Saydjari .
" But some of the attacks attributed to China have been quite sophisticated . "
Beijing 's control showed in September 2003 , when the company that administers .com and .net domain names made unilateral changes to the Internet 's functioning .
System administrators around the world scrambled to make piecemeal fixes .
" The domain - name system was broken for more than two weeks for the rest of the world , but after a brief interruption , it got mysteriously … unbroken inside China after eight days , " says Mr. Woodcock .
PLA doctrine explicitly states that information - technology disruption is part of " asymmetric " warfare .
The US is more vulnerable than China to a cyberattack , says Saydjari , because of its greater reliance on high - tech , networked systems .
The PLA 's " People 's War " doctrine argues that all able - minded People 's Republic computer users have a responsibility to fight for China with their laptops , says Woodcock .
He argues that Beijing might call on ethnic Chinese hackers in any part of the world , hoping they might help .
Even nonhackers might be asked to participate in " denial of service " ( DoS ) attacks – a weapon to shut down enemy websites that requires massive numbers of computers to accomplish .
" The power of numbers is on their side , " Woodcock says .
China has the largest DoS capability in the world , he says , a concern to private - sector companies as well .
So far , China does n't seem to be organizing DoS attacks , says Mr. Ullrich .
During the EP - 3 spy plane spat between the US and China in early 2001 , some Chinese youths launched DoS attacks .
But the government curtailed the attacks .
For several years , China has focused most of its military research and production on a high - tech air and missile - attack force – to overwhelm Taiwan .
Hence , China 's probe of the Pentagon NIPRNet .
" They want to be able to attack the Net .
They do n't need a supersexy penetration program , " Mulvenon argues .
" They just bomb the Net itself .
They disrupt the deployment of our military , simultaneously saturate Taiwan , delay the US arrival , and Taiwan capitulates .
It 's what they talk about . "
Congress and the Bush administration have engaged in yet another
vitriolic verbal war over policy , this time related to trade
legislation supposed to help workers laid off due to
offshoring .
But analysts say the clamor in Washington is misguided .
The feds can
do better than protectionism , they say , and focus on retraining as a
way to help all laid - off workers , not just those hurt by globalization .
Glenn Hubbard , dean of Columbia University ’s business school , recently
explained on American Public Media ’s Marketplace :
We could broaden the benefits Congress has sanctioned for workers who
prove they lose their jobs to trade to all workers facing the need to
change lines of work .
We should add funds for customized training
through community colleges and vocational institutes — that is ,
training for skills in production management , machinery , logisitics
management and so on .
I agree .
Our economy is changing , and with it , the job market .
We need
to equip workers with skills for in - demand jobs that stay ashore ,
so they get good salaries .
Do You Know What You 're Worth ?
GET A FREE PAY REPORT
Give Colleges Money to Use for Job Training
Earlier this year , Alan S. Blinder , a professor of economics at Princeton University , wrote in a Washington Post article on offshoring :
And even though many displaced workers will have to change occupations — a difficult task for anyone — only a fortunate few will be offered opportunities for retraining .
All this needs to change .
…
Because U.S. labor cannot compete on price , we must reemphasize the things that have kept us on top of the economic food chain for so long : technology , innovation , entrepreneurship , adaptability and the like . …
In addition , we need to rethink our education system so that it turns out more people who are trained for the jobs that will remain in the United States and fewer for the jobs that will migrate overseas .
Community colleges are well - positioned to provide workforce training .
Many are adept at getting training programs up and running in a short amount of time .
The schools are known for offering affordable prices and flexible class schedules .
They also form alliances with local employers , targeting training programs to employers ’ needs and offering workers a better chance of landing jobs .
More federal funding would bolster such programs , as Hubbard suggested .
Of course , community colleges must evolve along with the job market , helping shape policy and raise awareness for their programs .
An essay by the Community College Research Center underscores this idea :
Inarguably , community colleges are indispensable to the nation ’s economic health .
Because of their commitment to serving communities and learners , the community college will always serve as a nexus for workforce transitions .
The question is not whether they will continue in this role , but how well they will perform .
In this article we suggest that community colleges need to understand and document key areas of workforce transitions in ways that can aid their own practice and can promote effective policy .
Help for All Displaced Workers
Hubbard also made a convincing case that all displaced workers need assistance , not just those who lose their jobs because of free trade .
He explained :
Congress should drop the tough trade talk as a way to protect American jobs .
And that ’s because trade is n’t the only , or even biggest , reason people lose them .
The real reasons are far more complex .
To hear the talk in Washington , it all boils down to China , free trade agreements and other foreign competition .
In fact , we ca n’t tell whether trade is entirely to blame .
Indeed , reasons like falling demand , corporate restructuring and efficiency gains perhaps unrelated to trade are very much in the mix .
But even if we could tell the difference , why is losing a job to trade worthy of assistance , while losing a job because of , say , technology improvements , is n’t ?
The book “ Workforce Crisis ” makes a similar point about trade :
Twice as many American workers are displaced by the outsourcing of their jobs to other Americans than by the offshoring of that work to foreign firms .
If you count jobs created in the United States by foreign companies , the country remains a net importer of jobs by a wide margin .
America is n’t without opportunities .
We just need to be able to train our workers to meet those opportunities –and run with them .
Popular social networking sites , including MySpace and Facebook , are changing the human fabric of the Internet and have the potential to pay off big for investors , but — given their youthful user base — they are unusually vulnerable to the next ‘ new new ’ thing .
As quickly as users flock to one trendy Internet site , they can just as quickly move on to another , with no advance warning , according to Wharton faculty and Internet analysts .
MySpace , with 70 million visitors , has become the digital equivalent of hanging out at the mall for today ’s teens , who load the site with photos , news about music groups and detailed profiles of their likes and dislikes .
Other social network sites include Facebook , geared to college students , Linked In , aimed at professionals , and Xanga , a blog - based community site .
In all , an estimated 300 sites , including smaller ones such as StudyBreakers for high schoolers and Photobucket , a site for posting images , make up the social network universe .
Wharton marketing professor David Bell says the long - term success of these sites will depend on their ability to retain the interest of their members .
“ There is a fad or a fashion component to all these networks .
Some will come and go , ” says Bell .
The classic example , he suggests , is Friendster , which burst onto the Internet in 2003 and soon had 20 million visitors .
Late last year , it slipped below a million after MySpace and other sites with better music and video capability lured Friendster users away .
“ A lot of the [ success ] is serendipitous .
These things can have exponential growth .
Then , if another community shows up that has better functionality in some way , there can be a mass migration . ”
Wharton marketing professor Peter Fader agrees that social network sites are powerful , but mercurial , particularly since most are aimed at teenagers and young adults .
“ It ’s a complete crap shoot .
Look how many of these have come along and how many were touted as the next big thing .
How many have disappeared completely or find themselves in some strange little unexplainable niche ? ”
He points to Orkut , an invitation - only service introduced by Google in 2004 that is little known in the United States , but wildly popular in Brazil , where more than 70 % of its users are based .
Indeed , Orkut has made Portugese a second language in its interface .
“ In Brazil it ’s gold , but in the U.S. , where the service is domiciled , nobody ’s even heard of Orkut .
And there ’s no good reason why . ”
While MySpace and Facebook currently rule the popular crowd on the Internet social scene , Fader says the forces that make a hot site are difficult to quantify ; any site could become the next outcast .
“ There is no reason to believe that these , or future ones that are emerging on the radar screen , will be any different .
I do n’t think anyone can come up with a genuine reason why they have become so popular , outside of 20 - 20 hindsight . ”
Echoing that point , an article in the April 30 New York Times reports that AOL plans to launch a social networking site to be called AIM Pages as a competitor to MySpace , Yahoo360 and other such services .
One way for investors to benefit from the rise of social networks would be develop a highly diverse portfolio , Fader adds .
“ I have no problem with betting on a crapshoot , but you want to hedge your bets carefully and accept the downside in exchange for what could be an incredible upside .
You ca n’t control your destiny with these nearly as much as any other web site or portal . ”
Next Target : Cell Phones
For the moment , MySpace and Facebook are hot .
News Corp. paid $ 580 million last year for MySpace as part of a $ 1.3 billion Internet acquisition spree .
Facebook just received an additional $ 25 million in venture capital .
Both companies are planning to extend their reach beyond the computer screen to cell phones .
Cingular Wireless , Sprint Nextel and Verizon Wireless are starting a service that will allow users to post messages on Facebook ’s home pages or search for other users ’ phone numbers and email addresses from a cell phone .
MySpace has a pact with Helio , a wireless joint venture between SK Telecom and Earthlink , that will allow users to send photos and update their blogs or profiles by cell phone .
According to ComScore Media Metrix , MySpace , with its 70 million users , ranks second behind Yahoo in pages viewed and time spent on the site .
Facebook , founded by a 21 - year - old student on leave from Harvard and backed by Silicon Valley venture capitalists , has 7.3 million registered users .
Chris Hughes , a spokesperson for Facebook , says the company thinks of itself more as a directory grounded in real life rather than a social network creating connections between strangers .
“ We model people ’s real lives at their individual schools in a virtual space that enables them to exchange information about themselves .
We are not focused on meeting new people , dating or anything like that .
Instead , we want to manage information efficiently so that we can provide our users the information that matters most to them . ”
Social networking sites in general rely mainly on a simple advertising model — selling banner and text ads ( although they ban uncool pop up ads ) .
Facebook also permits sponsored groups in which a marketer can build communities within the site .
BusinessWeek recently reported that Facebook had rejected a $ 750 million buyout offer and was holding out for $ 2 billion .
“ That number is nothing but rumor , ” Hughes says .
When it comes to placing a valuation on the social network sites , Wharton marketing professor Leonard Lodish says traditional tools , such as the discounted present value of the profit stream , apply to these new Internet networks as much as they do to any other business .
He recalls an argument he had with marketing students during the Internet boom of 2000 about Internet music seller CDNow .
Lodish said the firm would never be able to justify costs of $ 70 to attain each customer .
The following year the firm declared bankruptcy .
In the case of MySpace and Facebook , Lodish points out , the cost of gaining new customers is practically nothing because users join voluntarily and provide their own content through their profiles .
In addition , the cost of running the sites ’ web servers is relatively low .
If a classic advertising or subscription revenue model is used , he says , low - cost social network sites could be highly profitable .
Yahoo must buy or develop content for its site to attract advertisers and Google has to invest in its search capabilities , Lodish notes .
“ Yahoo makes a lot of money selling ads on its sites .
Why ca n’t Facebook and MySpace do the same thing ? ”
Nitin Gupta , an analyst with The Yankee Group in Boston , says MySpace is rooted in linking emerging bands to new fans , which makes it a logical partner for a media company , such as News Corp .
The company can use the site to test or build buzz around its products .
“ These have become almost living systems , as the social network has begun to expand beyond a place for people with certain musical tastes and become popular for dating and all sorts of things . ”
While the MySpace population has grown , the site ’s roots remain in media , Gupta adds .
“ Today , it continues to be used to identify individuals interested in , not just music , but television and radio as well . ”
Before News Corp. bought MySpace , NBC used it to show clips of “ The Office ” before the show was aired on the network .
While media companies may be a more logical fit with a social networking site , other businesses might mesh too , according to Gupta .
“ It ’s a little more difficult to build a community around a Norelco razor , but it ’s possible . ”
Meanwhile , Gupta says , social networks have power beyond ad revenue to act as a customer relationship management ( CRM ) tool for companies selling products or services .
“ There ’s a lot of focus on advertising and banner ads and the amount of traffic .
But it ’s important to look beyond traditional forms of web adverting to see the real potential — which is leveraging the connectivity of the sites and using them to form communities around products , media or services to really be in contact with your users . ”
Still , he acknowledges , it will not be easy to convert those relationships to new revenue sources .
“ The future is in finding ways to monetize the online community beyond just traditional web advertising , although it ’s going to be difficult for online communities , even those behemoths like MySpace . ”
According to Wharton professor of operations and information management Eric K. Clemons , connectivity is nice , but the Internet bust of 2000 showed that revenue is what matters .
“ As we learned from the first dot - com silliness , value is not in click - through or eyeballs .
Value comes from revenues ….
Can you sell subscriptions to your data or your service ?
Can you charge for referrals or for purchases that result from referrals ?
Can you sell stuff ?
If not , your revenue is zero and your market value is zero . ”
Safety and Privacy Concerns
As MySpace and other social networking sites have grown , so , too , have concerns about Internet safety and privacy .
The Center for Missing and Exploited Children reported more than 2,600 incidents of adults using the web to target children online in order to engage in sexual activity .
In March , federal prosecutors in Connecticut charged two men with using MySpace to contact youths with whom they later had sexual contact .
Following Congressional hearings about online sexual predators , MySpace hired a safety czar to improve the site ’s protections for young users .
The popularity of social networking sites may also have unexpected consequences for users .
A gay student attending a Christian college was expelled after administration officials viewed photos of the student in drag on Facebook .
Twenty middle school students in California were suspended after participating in a MySpace group where one student allegedly threatened to kill another and made anti-Semitic remarks .
In Kansas , authorities arrested five teenagers after one of the suspects used MySpace to outline plans for a Columbine - like attack on the boys ’ school .
Gary Arlen , president of Arlen Communications , a Bethesda , Md. , research and consulting firm , says MySpace users may also begin to shy away as they grasp the long - term consequences of putting up photos of wild parties or tales of sexual bravado .
“ This stuff may come back to haunt you 20 years from now .
MySpace runs the risk of a social reaction , but that is part of being the pioneer . ”
Despite those obstacles , he is enthusiastic about social networks ’ promise , although he says the sites ’ ultimate value is less clear - cut than other Internet successes , such as eBay and Amazon .
“ It may be that this is a very slow play because the existing sites , Friendster and now MySpace and Facebook , are building a habit among young users .
It will become a part of how they operate in their 20s and 30s .
This service will be part of the landscape . ”
According to Bell , there are strategies that social network sites can use to avoid becoming tomorrow ’s abandoned property .
One way to retain a site ’s aura is to limit membership .
For example , Bell notes that when Diesel jeans faced the problem of losing marketing cachet by becoming too popular , the brand cut back on the number of outlets it would sell to .
Facebook tries to limit itself to college students .
Social networks seem to operate best when they strike a balance between heterogeneity , which provides large numbers of members , and selectivity , which keeps the hordes focused and engaged in the site , he says , adding that social networking sites also must keep pace with technology and provide new features — for example , fast downloads .
“ To create stickiness you must have functional value and also community value .
If either of those becomes diluted , you give people a reason to start looking elsewhere . ”
As a web - based business , social networks do have some advantages over traditional companies in tracking user behavior in order to detect problems early .
“ If you are sophisticated , you can measure and monitor the rate at which users join and you can detect early warning signs , such as a drop off in the number of people interacting , ” says Bell .
“ There would be metrics to monitor if you are headed in the wrong direction . ”
Bell also cautions that sites will need to remain subtle in their approach to marketing if they are to build on their current success .
While they provide banner and text ads , even more valuable word - of - mouth promotion lurks in the buzz within user profile pages .
“ Part of the popularity of these things is that they are more credible and not explicitly commercial , ” he says .
“ If somebody on the Mac fanatic site tells me about iPod , it ’s more credible than Mac advertising .
If people feel the networks are too corporate , that ’s a turnoff . ”
Still , no matter how their future takes shape , Bell says these types of networks are ingrained in Internet society .
“ They ’re here to stay .
Like eBay , they are embedded now .
The idea of joining online communities and being able to participate in them is not going to disappear . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Pentagon has set 25 goals to meet by the end of the Bush administration , including implementation of a long - term plan for detaining terrorism suspects , according to a memo obtained by Reuters .
An aerial view of the Pentagon building in Washington , June 15 , 2005 .
The Pentagon has set 25 goals to meet by the end of the Bush administration , including implementation of a long - term plan for detaining terrorism suspects , according to a memo obtained by Reuters .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Only one of the initiatives outlined in the August 9 memo directly references Iraq , but many reflect weaknesses in military capabilities revealed by nearly six years of war there and in Afghanistan .
Among the initiatives , defense intelligence is ordered to quickly improve its ability to track and locate “ high value targets ” -- language used by military and intelligence officials for top al Qaeda suspects .
The military is ordered to expand its Special Operations Forces , the covert units conducting counter - terrorism operations , and to support an agency seeking technologies to defeat improved explosive devices , the roadside bombs that have proven deadly to troops in Iraq .
The memo was written by the No. 2 political official at the Pentagon , Deputy Defense Secretary Gordon England .
He said the goals must be completed or pushed to a major milestone by December , 2008 -- the last full month of George W. Bush ’s presidency .
“ As you are aware , the end objective is to complete or advance to a major milestone each of these initiatives and also to have them institutionalized by December , 2008 , ” England wrote to the top military and defense officials inside the Pentagon .
“ Completing these initiatives by the end of next year will be greatly beneficial to the next management team and to our military forces , ” he said .
According to one U.S. official , Defense Secretary Robert Gates called for the list in May or June , ordering all Pentagon divisions and military branches to submit goals that could be achieved before the end of the administration .
Bush was briefed on the list this month , England said .
The first eight goals are related to the U.S. - declared war on terror .
Among them , the military is tasked with assessing progress in Iraq in September and then revising military strategy as needed .
A progress report due that month is seen in Washington as pivotal in weighing whether the Pentagon ’s current war strategy is working .
Also among those goals , the Pentagon ’s policy shop is directed to implement a “ long - term strategy for detainees ” in the war on terror .
The memo offered no further details on that goal , which comes as Washington faces tough criticism worldwide for the detention without charge of suspected al Qaeda and Taliban members at the Guantanamo Bay military prison .
Bush and administration officials have repeatedly said they want to close Guantanamo , but also argue it is needed in the war on terror .
Other options for detaining the prisoners -- specifically transferring them to federal facilities in the United States -- could face stiff opposition in Congress .
Rumsfeld 's Mysterious Resignation
The disclosure that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld resigned on Nov. 6 , 2006 – the day before the election , not the day after as previously thought – means that he was pushed out of his job the same day he suggested a de-escalation of the Iraq War .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
When Rumsfeld ’s resignation was announced on Nov. 8 , with both his resignation letter and his de-escalation memo still secret , it was widely assumed in Washington political circles that President George W. Bush was reacting to the stinging Republican electoral defeat on Nov. 7 and was appointing Robert Gates as an olive branch to the Democrats .
The reality now appears to be almost the exact opposite .
Bush was preparing for an Iraq
War escalation and was looking for a fresh face as Defense Secretary to buy him the necessary time to accomplish this extraordinary political maneuver .
Bush also may have recognized the damage that might have come if Rumsfeld ’s war doubts became known .
The Rumsfeld memo was kept under wraps for almost a month , finally appearing in the New York Times on Dec. 3 , 2006 , and his resignation letter was withheld from the public until revealed by Reuters and other news agencies on Aug. 15 .
Normally , resignation letters are released routinely when the official ’s departure is announced .
Yet , because Rumsfeld had grown so unpopular with many Democrats , his post-election departure was greeted with relief and approval , not probing questions .
Wishful thinking prevailed about Bush possibly making major concessions on the war .
The euphoria continued even when Bush began to signal his “ surge ” plans at the end of November .
In Amman , Jordan , on Nov. 30 , Bush said he had no interest in the gradual troop withdrawals that the bipartisan Iraq Study Group was expected to urge .
Bush said American forces would “ stay in Iraq to get the job done , ” adding “ this business about graceful exit just simply has no realism to it whatsoever . ”
Though Rumsfeld ’s memo leaked only a few days later , Democratic senators still handled Gates with kid gloves at his confirmation hearing on Dec. 5 . Sen .
Hillary Clinton and other Democrats on the Senate Armed Services Committee praised Gates for his “ candor . ”
Since Gates – a former CIA director – had been a member of the Iraq Study Group , many Democrats assumed that he would help implement its troop drawdown plan , despite the President ’s belligerent tone .
Skeptical reporting about Gates and his likely role was confined mostly to Internet sites , like Consortiumnews.com .
[ See our “ Who Is Bob Gates ? ” Archive . ]
As it turned out , Gates has served Bush well , implementing the troop “ surge ” in early 2007 and deflecting public anger about the war escalation by presenting himself as , stylistically , less confrontational than Rumsfeld .
Rumsfeld ’s Advice
For their part , the Democrats never called Rumsfeld to testify about the circumstances of his resignation , nor to explain his Nov. 6 memo , which called for a “ major adjustment ” in Iraq War policy and echoed troop withdrawal ideas of Democratic Rep. John Murtha of Pennsylvania .
“ Clearly what U.S. forces are currently doing in Iraq is not working well enough or fast enough , ” Rumsfeld wrote in his Nov. 6 memo , seeking consideration of “ an accelerated drawdown of U.S. bases ” from 55 to 10 to 15 by April 2007 and to five by July 2007 .
Another idea was to commit U.S. forces only to provinces and cities that request the assistance .
“ Unless they [ the local Iraqi governments ] cooperate fully , U.S. forces would leave their province , ” Rumsfeld wrote .
Rumsfeld also suggested that U.S. generals “ withdraw U.S. forces from vulnerable positions – cities , patrolling , etc. – and move U.S. forces to a Quick Reaction Force status , operating from within Iraq and Kuwait , to be available when Iraqi security forces need assistance . ”
And in an implicit criticism of Bush ’s lofty rhetoric about transforming Iraq and the Middle East , Rumsfeld said the administration should “ recast the U.S. military mission and the U.S. goals ( how we talk about them ) – go minimalist . ”
[ NYT , Dec. 3 , 2006 ]
If Rumsfeld ’s ideas had been implemented , the number of U.S. troops in Iraq would have been sharply reduced by now and the responsibility for the war would have been shifted significantly to the Iraqi army .
Instead , Bush has beefed up the U.S. military presence by more than 20,000 troops and put them into more dangerous forward positions .
Meanwhile , Gates consistently has gotten friendly treatment in the U.S. news media .
After Bush tapped Gates to replace Rumsfeld , the Washington press corps quickly adopted a conventional wisdom that the Gates nomination represented a move by former President George H.W.
Bush to impose some reason and discipline on his headstrong son .
The thinking went that Gates would guide the younger George Bush away from the neoconservative ideologues who were gung - ho for war in Iraq and back toward the so - called “ realists ” who held the upper hand under the elder George Bush .
There was even a Newsweek cover illustrating this thesis with a large Poppy Bush in the foreground and a smaller Sonny Bush in the rear .
Misguided Consensus
But the truth has turned out to be different , with George W. Bush virtually spitting out his contempt for the “ realists ” and deciding to escalate – rather than de-escalate – the war .
Though serving as a front man for Bush ’s “ surge , ” Gates has continued to receive favorable press clippings , portrayed as a sensitive man who is troubled by the burdens of war and who chokes up when talking about dead soldiers .
In September , Gates is expected to take center stage when the Bush administration presents its case that the President ’s “ surge ” is working and should be continued .
Gates ’s congressional testimony may represent a moment of truth for the Defense Secretary , when he either breaks with Bush or accepts ownership of the war .
If his government career is any clue , the betting should be that Gates finds lots of silver linings in the Iraq War cloud .
Since the early 1980s , Gates usually has acted the part of the mild - mannered moderate – the aw - shucks Eagle Scout from Wichita , Kansas – but then did the bidding of his hard - line bosses in the Executive Branch .
According to rank - and - file CIA officers who knew him well , Gates cloaked his fierce ambition in his boyish charm as he ingratiated himself to powerful mentors , such as the late CIA Director William J. Casey .
For instance , in the early 1980s , while head of the CIA ’s analytical division and responsible for maintaining a clear line between intelligence and policymaking , Gates pushed dubious intelligence assessments on Nicaragua , the Soviet Union and Iran .
Invariably , these intelligence judgments served the interests of Gates ’s superiors .
In December 1984 , Gates even veered off into policy prescriptions , sending a secret memo to CIA Director Casey that took extreme positions on the conflict in Nicaragua , including calls for air strikes and other actions to oust the “ Marxist - Leninist ” regime – just the kind of tough talk that Casey liked to hear .
Not only did Gates ’s behavior violate the principle of separating intelligence from policymaking , but it turned out that his alarmist assessment of Nicaragua was completely wrong .
Rather than becoming a permanent “ Marxist - Leninist ” regime on the American mainland , the ruling Sandinistas surrendered power when they lost an election in 1990 .
To some at CIA , it was never clear whether Gates was a closet true - believer in right - wing policies or a skillful apple - polisher eager to please his bosses .
But Gates ’s bureaucratic maneuvering did serve his career well , as Casey elevated Gates in 1986 to be deputy CIA director .
[ For more on the Nicaragua memo , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Why Trust Robert Gates on Iraq ? ” ]
Dodging Scandals
However , after the Iran - Contra scandal broke in late 1986 – revealing widespread deception by the Reagan administration – Gates found himself in hot water .
Members of Congress suspected that Gates had misled them and they did n’t buy his claims of ignorance .
He was denied the top CIA job in 1987 after Casey ’s death from brain cancer .
Gates salvaged his career with the help of the senior George Bush who took Gates on as deputy national security adviser in 1989 .
By 1991 , after the Iran - Contra scandal had cooled , Bush nominated Gates again to be CIA director .
This time , Gates ’s nomination faced an extraordinary uprising of CIA analysts who went public to accuse Gates of politicizing the analytical division and shaping the intelligence to fit the desires of the Reagan - Bush political team .
There were also new allegations that Gates had skirted the law by joining Casey and other Republican politicians in questionable arms deals with Iran and Iraq .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ The Secret World of Robert Gates . ” ]
But Gates survived these allegations with the help of his friend , Democratic Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman David Boren , and Boren ’s top aide George Tenet , who combined to shepherd the nomination through to approval .
Once ensconced at CIA , Gates was in position to protect George H.W. Bush ’s flanks when the Iran - Contra scandal heated up again and special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh brought charges against CIA officers implicated in the arms - for - hostage deals .
Though Gates escaped indictment in the Iran - Contra scandal , he was widely viewed as a Bush loyalist prone to trim the truth .
After Bush lost in 1992 , President Bill Clinton replaced Gates at CIA , sending the ambitious intelligence bureaucrat into almost 14 years of political exile .
With the support of George H.W. Bush , Gates did land a job as president of Texas A&M , where Gates bided his time for a return to the power centers of Washington .
That opportunity finally presented itself in 2006 when President George W. Bush named Gates as a member of the bipartisan Iraq Study Group created by Congress to review the Iraq War .
The study group was headed by George H.W. Bush ’s old Secretary of State James Baker and former Democratic Rep. Lee Hamilton .
Rummy ’s Bum Rush Though Rumsfeld had become a lightning rod for criticism across the political spectrum – from Democrats to retired generals to neoconservatives who felt he had botched their Middle East vision – Bush insisted during Campaign 2006 that Rumsfeld would finish out the administration ’s final two years .
However , on the weekend before the Nov. 7 elections , facing voter repudiation of the Iraq War and the prospect of Democratic congressional control , Bush secretly reversed himself on his endorsement of Rumsfeld ’s continued tenure .
Bush privately turned to Gates and asked him to be Rumsfeld ’s successor .
The day after the Republicans lost control of the Congress , Bush announced that Rumsfeld was out and Gates was in .
Though Bush took some heat for lying about Rumsfeld ’s continued service , the Gates move met with widespread acclaim from Official Washington , which assumed that Gates would rein in Bush ’s zealotry .
One of the few contrarians to this conventional wisdom was right - wing pundit Fred Barnes , who reported in the neoconservative Weekly Standard that “ rarely has the press gotten a story so wrong . ”
According to Barnes , Gates “ is not the point man for a boarding party of former national security officials from the elder President Bush ’s administration taking over defense and foreign policy in his son ’s administration . ”
Barnes reported that the younger George Bush did n’t consult either his father or Baker about appointing Gates – and only picked the ex-CIA chief after a two - hour face - to - face meeting at which Bush sought assurances that Gates was onboard with the neoconservative notion about “ democracy promotion ” in the Middle East .
" Two days before the election , the President summoned Gates to his ranch near Waco , Texas , ” Barnes wrote .
“ It was the first time they ’d talked about the Pentagon position . …
It was only the two of them .
No aides participated in the meeting .
" The President wanted ‘ clarity ’ on Gates ’s views , especially on Iraq and the pursuit of democracy .
He asked if Gates shared the goal of victory in Iraq and would be determined to pursue it aggressively as defense chief .
" He asked if Gates agreed democracy should be the aim of American foreign policy and not merely the stability of pro-American regimes , notably in the Middle East .
Bush also wanted to know Gates ’s ‘ philosophy ’ of America ’s role in the world , an aide says , and his take on the pitfalls America faces .
‘ The President got good vibes , ’ according to the Bush official . "
[ The Weekly Standard , Nov. 27 , 2006 ]
The Secret Though Barnes has often been wrong in his journalistic judgments , his reporting in this case seems to have been on the mark .
Bush eased out the suddenly war - wobbly Rumsfeld and slipped in the more pliable Gates .
Bush benefited , too , from the misplaced confidence that the U.S. news media and the Democrats bestowed on Gates .
Despite the leak of the Rumsfeld memo to the New York Times in early December 2006 and the disclosure of Rumsfeld ’s resignation letter more than nine months after it was written , Official Washington still has n’t put the pieces together .
Angry Republicans continue to complain that Bush could have spared them electoral losses if he had announced Rumsfeld ’s resignation before the election .
And Bush took some heat for his deception about his intent to keep Rumsfeld at the Pentagon .
Explaining Bush ’s decision to conceal Rumsfeld ’s resignation , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino offered the spin that “ one of the things that the President wanted to avoid was the appearance of trying to make this a political decision . "
Yes , certainly .
But none of that explains why the administration would fight so hard against releasing Rumsfeld ’s resignation letter , both last November and in response to Freedom of Information requests .
The Pentagon even claimed that it did n’t have a copy .
The touchy secret about Rumsfeld ’s departure seems to have been that Bush did n’t want the American people to know that one of the chief Iraq War architects had turned against the idea of an open - ended military commitment – and that Bush had found himself with no choice but to oust Rumsfeld for his loss of faith in the neoconservative cause .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Home User - level transactional programming in Haskell User level transactional programming in Haskell , Peter Thiemann , 2006 Haskell Workshop .
Correct handling of concurrently accessed external resources is a demanding problem in programming .
The standard approaches rely on database transactions or concurrency mechanisms like locks .
The paper considers two such resources , global variables and databases , and defines transactional APIs for them in Haskell .
The APIs provide a novel flavor of user - level transactions which are particularly suitable in the context of web - based systems .
This suitability is demonstrated by providing a second implementation in the context of WASH , a Haskell - based Web programming system .
The underlying implementation framework works for both kinds of resources and can serve as a blueprint for further implementations of user - level transactions .
The Haskell type system provides an encapsulation of the transactional scope that avoids unintended breakage of the transactional guarantees .
I thought this was an interesting paper because it gives a concrete example of a case where you want transactions , but positively do n't want the full suite of ACID properties .
Maybe it's not so surprising to those hardcore software architects in our audience who go to sleep with Jim Gray and Andreas Reuter 's book under their pillows , though . :)
Dick Cheney – A Man of Many Tentacles Posted on August 2 , 2007 in Uncategorized
Related Posts On PBH & The Web No related posts .
From The PBH Network Hot On The Web
Islanders without an Island What Will Become of Tuvalu 's Climate Refugees ?
International legal experts are discovering climate change law , and the Pacific island nation of Tuvalu is a case in point :
The Polynesian archipelago is doomed to disappear beneath the ocean .
Now lawyers are asking what sort of rights citizens have when their homeland no longer exists .
Von Anwen Roberts
Not too long after MobileESPN breathed new life , now we 've got the un fortunate duty of informing the world that Microsoft finally axed the most annoying aspect of Office has decided to leave " Clippy " behind in Office 2007 .
We suspected something was brewing when the iconic figure started donning a 3D skirt in Japan , but a brief interview with Office 's group program manager revealed that the clip is indeed dead .
While it had been fading for awhile due to an apparent lack of mass fanfare , and was even turned off by default in Office 2003 , it seems that Clippy fans will be forced to stick with now - antiquated versions of the Office suite in order to keep their darling on screen .
But do n't fret too much , as the countdown until someone crafts a freeware app re-instilling a Clippy rendition into Office begins ... now .
[ Via ChipChick ]
By ANDREW MALONE and VANESSA ALLEN
Last updated at 11:06 20 October 2007
A ferrari engine makes a deep , distinctive sound .
When the children at Portugal 's most famous orphanage heard the sports car roaring down the driveway , fear swept through the dormitories .
The noise could mean only one thing : the man known as The Doctor was coming to call .
Yet this medical practitioner had no intention of adhering to the ancient Hippocratic Oath .
Instead , arriving at Casa Pia ( House of the Pious ) , a 17th century Lisbon orphanage where more than 4,000 children are cared for each year behind high stone walls , the doctor would summon selected boys and girls from their beds for examinations one night each week .
Where possible , he chose deaf - mutes .
After checking that the children were not suffering from any sexual infections , the doctor was joined by the orphanage caretaker , known as Bibi , who ushered the unfortunate children outside to a waiting van .
With the doctor following in his red Ferrari , Bibi drove the van to the prestigious homes of some of the leading members of Lisbon society - ranging from Portuguese government ministers and high - ranking diplomats , to famous television stars and members of the judiciary .
Scroll down for more ...
There , the children were repeatedly sexually abused .
Some were allegedly drugged to make them compliant ; others were plied with alcohol .
This continued for years .
Assaults were filmed ; pictures of one attack were subsequently found at the home of a suspected paedophile in Paris .
According to medical records , the victims ' injuries were horrific - and consistent with serious sexual assault and rape .
In witness statements , many were able to describe in minute detail the homes where they were taken and identifying marks on the bodies of their abusers .
The existence of this so - called " magic circle " of the Portuguese establishment , allegedly involved in an international paedophile ring using boys and girls from Casa Pia , was last week likened to an earthquake waiting to shake Portugal to its foundations .
New allegations about the scale of the network will be put before the country 's highest court within the next few weeks .
Amid rumours of links to other paedophile gangs across Europe and the U.S. , international experts on child sex crimes and murders are expected to be in court when the case re-opens , four years after a group of victims broke a silence lasting more than 30 years .
But what relevance does this have to the disappearance 170 days ago of four - year - old Madeleine McCann in Praia da Luz , about 280 km from Lisbon ?
And what does it mean for Kate and Gerry McCann , who have not only had to cope with losing their child , but have also been subjects of a vicious campaign in the Portuguese press to smear them ?
It is crucial for two reasons ; first because it proves what international crime agencies have long suspected : that Portugal has become a magnet for predatory paedophiles from around the world , using the country 's lax laws and preying on the high numbers of poor , abandoned children .
And second , because Paulo Rebelo , an urbane , methodical detective who led the Casa Pia paedophile inquiry , was last night finishing his first week as the new chief of the investigation into the disappearance of the British child .
Rebelo has replaced Goncalo Amaral , the " oafish " local police chief out of his depth in a case that has captured unprecedented world attention , with millions fascinated by the story of the girl snatched from her bed on holiday while her parents ate with friends 200 yards away .
The sight of the sweaty , corpulent Amaral in restaurants and cafes near the Portimao police headquarters had become commonplace since Madeleine disappeared .
While the McCanns were warned repeatedly they faced jail for speaking about the case , he was been overheard , during his daily three - hour lunches of wine and shellfish , accusing the couple of killing their daughter .
In one conversation with Portugal 's ex-Formula One racing driver Pedro Lamy , Amaral revealed he was convinced the McCanns drugged their daughter and accidentally killed her .
" The police case is we are sure the parents killed Madeleine .
They are both doctors and know about drugs .
" We are confident in our case , " he said .
In an effort to make up for lost time following Amaral 's dismissal , Rebelo has recruited his own men from Lisbon .
To the fury of the original officers , he has lost little time in sidelining them , bringing in two child sex experts from the Casa Pia case as well as homicide specialists and computer analysts - known as " the cleaners " due to their reputation for leaving no stone unturned .
According to senior police sources , he also launched a furious private attack on the 100 officers involved in the original inquiry , which he has now cut back to 40 .
At a meeting , he accused some officers of having " closed minds " about who was guilty , saying that " pre-conceptions should be challenged " .
In addition , he oversaw Operation Predator - raids on more than 70 suspected paedophiles , whose computers were searched last week for images of Madeleine or other evidence of criminal sexual acts .
Although by last night Rebelo had failed to make a breakthrough , sources say it is a clear sign , along with reports that Russian child traffickers may be involved , of a strand of his current thinking .
In a Lisbon café , an associate of Rebelo told the Mail : " The Casa Pia case had a deep affect on Paulo .
You come across things that are appalling and cruel .
But you get a feeling that there are some seriously bad people in the world , and some of them are here .
He does not rule anything out . "
So , after enduring months of soul - destroying leaks from the Portuguese police - from claims that they drugged Madeleine and then disposed of her body , to allegations that Gerry was not even her real father - the McCanns are no longer the sole focus of the Portuguese police investigation .
But the nightmare goes on .
A group of officers loyal to Amaral are still leaking smears to the Portuguese press .
The latest ?
That bodily fluids from Madeleine 's corpse were found in the boot of the couple 's hire care and that " background checks " were to be carried out on Gerry McCann 's laptop .
And then the police " sources " claimed that Kate killed Madeleine without telling Gerry , and that the body was " refrigerated " before being dumped up to 25 days later .
His career in tatters and now back on desk duties in Faro , Amaral faces a criminal hearing in the case of another missing child , Joana Cipriano , after being accused of concealing evidence that the girl 's mother was tortured into confessing to her murder .
Amaral and his colleagues face countless unanswered questions about mistakes in the original police investigation into Maddie 's disappearance , such as failing to ensure the McCanns ' apartment was sealed off for forensics .
( This did not happen until the next day , by which time the McCanns , their friends , resort staff and detectives had traipsed through , destroying potentially vital evidence . )
They also failed to seal off the Mark Warner Ocean Club resort .
No roadblocks were set up and police on the Spanish border - two hours ' drive away - were not alerted for 12 hours .
Staff were only quizzed 60 hours later .
And the CCTV footage from a busy main road was never studied .
The list of mistakes goes on .
While the shift in the investigation may ease the intolerable pressure on the McCanns , it will do little to console them .
As well as growing fears that Madeleine was abducted by a paedophile ring , they can have little hope of justice when leading Portuguese figures are allegedly involved in covering - up their own child sex scandal .
Both cases - the two highestprofile criminal investigations in the country since the end of the Portuguese military dictatorship in 1974 - have been riven by allegations of compromised police officers , high - level interference and vicious , virulent attacks on key witnesses .
Pedro Namora , a former Casa Pia orphan who witnessed 11 rapes on fellow orphans , during which they were tied to their beds , sympathises with the McCanns .
He believes elements in the force have conspired to suppress both scandals , fearing damage to the country 's reputation .
" Portugal is a paedophiles ' paradise , " said Mr Namora , now a lawyer campaigning on behalf of the Casa Pia victims .
" If all the names come out , this will be an earthquake in Portugal .
There is a massive , sophisticated network at play here - stretching from the government to the judiciary and the police .
" The network is enormous and extremely powerful .
There are magistrates , ambassadors , police , politicians - all have procured children from Casa Pia .
It is extremely difficult to break this down .
These people cover for each other , because if one is arrested , they all are arrested .
They do n't want anyone to know . "
Now 44 , Mr Namora watched as friends sank into alcoholism , drug addiction and death after their traumatic childhood experiences at Casa Pia .
" I was the only one who made it , " he said .
" What could I do ?
I could n't keep silent . "
He has received death threats and warnings about what will happen to his own children , after taking up the case when an orphan called " Joel " approached him , saying prominent paedophiles were using Casa Pia as a " supermarket for children " .
Mr Namora has been threatened after fighting on behalf of the abused children he grew up with .
After being telephoned by a stranger offering to pay off his mortgage , he was told the exact movements of his own three children , and warned that they and their father would come to a grisly end unless he shut up .
An open , warm man , Mr Namora makes an unlikely conspiracytheorist - But he believes the case , which he brought to light in 2003 , will underscore Portugal 's growing attraction for paedophiles , which has seen six children disappear in recent years .
One reason for this attraction is that the law was quietly relaxed last year , ahead of the forthcoming trial , meaning that repeat offences against the same child would merit only a single charge - and a lesser sentence .
In echoes of the McCanns ' ordeal , the initial investigation was badly handled when allegations of abuse were first made at Casa Pia in 1982 .
Carlos Silvino , the man known as Bibi , was linked to rapes and assaults , but police " lost " pictures showing prominent Lisbon politicians with him and the children .
He was only charged after dozens of children came forward in 2003 .
They also accused Jorge Ritto , a former Portuguese ambassador , of child abuse .
Ritto , it transpired , had also once been sent home in disgrace from a posting in Germany after an incident involving a young boy in a park .
The conspiracy did not end there .
Teresa Costa Macedo , a former secretary of state for the family , has revealed that she knew about the attacks in the early Eighties - and that she had alerted General Antonio Ramalho Eanes , the then Portuguese president , about the allegations .
Mrs Costa Macedo , who remained silent for two decades after being warned she would be killed if she spoke , now says that the caretaker " was just one element in a huge paedophile network that involved important people in our country .
It was n't just him [ the caretaker ] .
He was a procurer of children for well - known people who range from diplomats and politicians to people linked to the media " .
While still a government minister , Costa Macedo handed police " photographs , an account of the methods used to spirit children out of the orphanage and testimonies of a number of children " .
Many of the photographs were found at ex-ambassador Jorge Ritto 's house .
Police reportedly found four children locked up who had been missing from Casa Pia .
Under armed guard at a safe house last week , Bibi could count himself a lucky man .
He originally faced allegations that he had sexually assaulted more than 600 children .
That has since been reduced to 30 .
Silvino has hinted at the high - level of the conspiracy , saying : " They can't touch me - there are too many people involved . "
Following Ritto's arrest , the police questioned Carloz Cruz , known as Portugal 's " Mr Television " , and Joao Diniz , a high - society doctor and driver of the red Ferrari .
The network allegedly went further .
Paulo Pedroso , a government minister , was arrested and quizzed about 15 cases of child sexual abuse .
Amid allegations that paedophile networks have become endemic in Portugal - the European police force Interpol has named the country as one of the worst offenders in Europe - there are fears that the Casa Pia scandal will come to eclipse Belgium 's notorious Marc Dutroux case , in which the arrest of a notorious paedophile and child murderer revealed a sordid picture of judicial and political corruption .
Of course , the Casa Pia case may have no direct link to the disappearance of Madeleine , but the culture in which such a serious child abuse network was allowed to operate is the same culture that pervades the whole of Portugal .
Was it this attitude that led to the bungled initial investigation in the McCann case ?
Perhaps the appointment of the man who exposed the Casa Pia scandal will give the parents of Maddie hope that a proper investigation will now discover the truth .
The US offered to take military action on behalf of the 15 British sailors and marines held by Iran , including buzzing Iranian Revolutionary Guard positions with warplanes , the Guardian has learned .
In the first few days after the captives were seized and British diplomats were getting no news from Tehran on their whereabouts , Pentagon officials asked their British counterparts : what do you want us to do ?
They offered a series of military options , a list which remains top secret given the mounting risk of war between the US and Iran .
But one of the options was for US combat aircraft to mount aggressive patrols over Iranian Revolutionary Guard bases in Iran , to underline the seriousness of the situation .
The British declined the offer and said the US could calm the situation by staying out of it .
London also asked the US to tone down military exercises that were already under way in the Gulf .
Three days before the capture of the 15 Britons , a second carrier group arrived having been ordered there by president George Bush in January .
The aim was to add to pressure on Iran over its nuclear programme and alleged operations inside Iraq against coalition forces .
At the request of the British , the two US carrier groups , totalling 40 ships plus aircraft , modified their exercises to make them less confrontational .
The British government also asked the US administration from Mr Bush down to be cautious in its use of rhetoric , which was relatively restrained throughout .
The incident was a reminder of how inflammatory the situation in the Gulf is .
According to some US and British officers , there is already a proxy war under way between their forces and elements of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard .
Meanwhile , the Iranians are convinced that separatist guerrilla attacks in Khuzestan and Baluchistan provinces are the work of British and US intelligence respectively .
Earlier this week , ABC television news reported that a Baluchi group , Jundullah , based in Pakistan and carrying out raids inside Iran , had been receiving advice and encouragement from American officials since 2005 .
A senior Iranian source with close ties to the Revolutionary Guard , told the Guardian : " If this had been between Iranian and American soldiers it could have been the beginning of an accidental war . "
With the crisis now over , a remarkable degree of consensus is emerging among British , Iranian and Iraqi officials about what happened over 13 nervous days - namely that the decision to seize the Britons was taken locally , and was not part of a grander scheme cooked up in Tehran .
" My best guess is that this was a local incident which became an international incident , " said one British source closely involved in the crisis .
Both sides had been watching each other closely for years across the disputed line separating the Iranian and Iraqi sides of the Shatt al - Arab waterway and the northern Gulf beyond and British officials say that Iranian boats regularly infringe on foreign waters .
The senior Iranian source meanwhile , claimed there had been three British incursions into Iranian waters in the three months leading up to the capture and that the decision to detain the British naval crew on March 23 was taken by a regional Revolutionary Guard commander , responsible for the waterway .
Once the 15 captives were brought back to Iran , their stay was guaranteed to be unpleasant .
The Pasdaran ( as the Revolutionary Guards are universally known in Farsi ) are a law unto themselves , feared within Iran for their thuggish methods .
There is also general agreement in London and Tehran that once the crisis had been triggered it took nearly two weeks to untangle , because their release had to be agreed by all the key players in the perpetual poker game that passes for government in Tehran .
But those players could not be reached because they were scattered around the country for the No Rouz ( new year ) holiday .
" Nobody who counted was answering the phone , " said one senior British official .
" By the time the Iranian leaders got back from the holiday [ on Tuesday ] the phone was ringing off the hook , including from people they did n't expect , calling on them to release the captives quickly . "
Among those unexpected callers were their closest allies , the Syrians , as well as leaders from far - flung states with no direct stake in the Gulf .
Even the Colombian government issued a protest .
Another surprise intervention came from the Vatican .
Hours before Wednesday 's release , a letter from Pope Benedict was handed to Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
It said the Pope was confident that men of goodwill could find a solution .
He asked the supreme leader to do what he could to ensure that the British sailors and marines were reunited with their families in time for Easter .
It would , he said , be a significant religious gesture of goodwill from the Iranian people .
What impact the Pope 's message had is impossible to assess .
But some of its language was reflected at the press conference at which the release of the 15 Britons was announced .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the decision to " forgive " the sailors and marines had been taken " on the occasion of the birthday of the great prophet [ Muhammad ] ... and for the occasion of the passing of Christ " .
The Iraqi government also played a critical role , pushing for consular access to five Iranians who had been arrested by US forces in Irbil and had been in custody since January , and helping organise the mysterious release of an Iranian diplomat who had been in captivity since February .
In the first days of the crisis , Iraqi officials also helped the British to identify the exact boundaries of Iraqi waters , the Guardian has learned , suggesting the British were not as certain of their case as they had publicly claimed .
But it was the unexpected release of Jalal Sharifa , the second secretary at the Iranian embassy , that raised most eyebrows , fuelling speculation that some kind of bargaining was going on .
The diplomat had been missing since he was plucked from the streets of Baghdad on February 4 .
Iran blamed US forces in Iraq for ordering the diplomat 's abduction , but US military officials denied the claims .
Baghdad 's foreign minister , Hoshyar Zebari , however , has insisted that negotiations over Mr Sharafi had been under way long before March 23 .
Some credit for the abrupt release of the British naval crew has also been given to Tony Blair 's top foreign policy adviser , Sir Nigel Sheinwald , who got through to his Iranian counterpart , Ari Larijani for the first time the night before Mr Ahmadinejad made his surprise announcement .
The opening of a Sheinwald - Larijani channel of communication is being hailed as one of the few pluses to emerge from the affair .
The crucial decision for release was taken on Tuesday by the supreme national security council .
It includes representatives of the presidency , the armed forces and the Revolutionary Guard , and Tuesday was the first day they could all be brought together following the No Rouz holiday .
" I think they realised pretty quickly the game was not worth the candle , " a senior British government source said .
The Attorney General will review the decision
Keith Fenn , 24 , will be free in four months after a judge said the girl , who was assaulted in Henley - on - Thames , Oxfordshire , had appeared older .
The charity Kidscape accused Judge Julian Hall of " trying to find excuses " and said a child must never be blamed .
Attorney General Lord Goldsmith is to decide whether the sentence should be appealed against as " unduly lenient " .
Moral dilemma
Oxford Crown Court heard that Fenn raped the girl in a park on 14 October , before an accomplice , Darren Wright , 34 , took her home and sexually assaulted her .
Judge Hall said in sentencing he faced a moral dilemma as the fact they had sex within 45 minutes of meeting was an absolute crime .
But he said the girl had dressed provocatively and looked as though she was 16 .
Lawyers for the defendants stressed that the sex had been consensual , and was only termed ' rape ' because of the framework of law .
They said the judge stated that doctors who examined the girl believed she was in her mid-teens and she was treated by most people as older than her actual age .
The judge gave Fenn concurrent two - year and 18 - month sentences , but he will be free in eight weeks after serving eight months in prison awaiting sentence .
Wright is already free as Judge Hall had already given him a nine - month sentence for inciting the girl to perform a sex act .
' Back to the 1950s '
Dr Michele Elliott , director of Kidscape , said the decision had left her " lost for words " .
She said : " It takes us back to the 1950s when the victim was blamed if they were dressed provocatively .
" No - one in my opinion could mistake a 10 - year - old child , even dressed up , for a 16 - year - old .
They are just trying very hard to find excuses .
" You can never blame a child victim for sexual abuse when excusing the abuser of any kind of abuse . "
The NSPCC added : " There is no excuse for having sex with a 10 - year - old , no matter how she dresses . "
Case papers
Boris Johnson , the MP for Henley where the rape happened , said the judge 's decision was " inexplicable " .
He said : " Whatever she was wearing , there are no extenuating circumstances that can mitigate the rape of a 10 - year - old girl .
" This is unbelievable .
The more I hear about it , the more unbelievable I find it . "
A spokesman for the Judicial Communications Office said Judge Hall would not comment further on what happened in court .
The judge was in the headlines in February when he said compensation to a child sex abuse victim could be used to buy a bicycle to cheer her up .
A spokesman for Lord Goldsmith said he had asked the Crown Prosecution Service to send him the papers on the case , and would consider whether or not to refer the sentence to the Court of Appeal as " unduly lenient " .
He has 28 days to make a decision .
Mr. Obama , an Illinois Democrat elected to the United States Senate two years ago , delivered the first major foreign policy address of his Democratic presidential bid to hundreds of supporters in the ballroom of a downtown hotel here .
It is the first of several policy speeches he is scheduled to deliver in the coming weeks as he works to define his candidacy with specific proposals an Obama administration would pursue .
“ This election offers us the chance to turn the page and open a new chapter in American leadership , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ The disappointment that so many around the world feel toward America right now is only a testament to the high expectations they hold for us .
We must meet those expectations again , not because being respected is an end in itself , but because the security of America and the wider world demands it . ”
He added : “ This is going to require a new spirit , not of bluster and bombast , but of quiet confidence and sober intelligence , a spirit of care and renewed competence . ”
In the opening three months of his presidential race , Mr. Obama has solidified his role as one of the leading contenders for the nomination , raising more money than any of his rivals for the primary campaign .
But Mr. Obama is also striving to expand his appeal beyond that of a best - selling author and political celebrity as he tackles questions of substance and policy .
Image Senator Barack Obama speaking before the Chicago Council on Global Affairs .
Credit ...
John Gress / Reuters
The United States must build a 21st century military , Mr. Obama said , in addition to “ showing wisdom in how we deploy it . ”
He called for expanding American ground forces , adding 65,000 soldiers to the Army and 27,000 to the Marines .
But less than 1 percent of the military can speak Arabic , Mandarin or Korean — a shortcoming he said needs to be corrected through training and recruitment .
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Titan is housed in a £ 500,000 hi-tech climate controlled room
The vault in which the behemoth is housed is buried deep under the streets that flank the Albert Hall in London .
Once the double doors - designed to eliminate contamination of all kind , not just noise - suck shut , the room takes on the air of a mausoleum .
Even the technicians and scientists gathered at the base of Titan , as the microscope is known , talk in hushed , respectful tones .
But their silence is not just for the benefit of their fellow academics , it is an operational requirement of the machine .
" If the sample drifts , it kills the experiment , " said Dr David McComb of Imperial College London , where the microscope is housed .
With a machine that is able to image individual atoms , even the vibrations caused by talking too loudly are enough to shunt a sample .
When scientists are operating at such small scales , tiny shifts can appear huge .
" The drift rate has got to be better than one nanometre per minute , " he explained .
One nanometre is a billionth of a metre .
" It 's about how much your finger nail grows in less than one second , " said Dr James Perkins , one of the research scientists who use the sensitive giant to probe the atomic structure of the world .
Random scatter
Titan is a transmission electron microscope , the first of its kind in the UK and one of only a handful found in labs around the world .
Its maker , FEI Company , says it is the most powerful commercially available scope on the market .
Titan can image objects billionths of a metre across
Enlarge Image
When it is running at full power it will be used to probe everything from new materials for ultra fast computers to tissue samples that may shed light on diseases such as Alzheimer's .
The £ 2.4 m ( $ 4.8 m ) scope is capable of imaging objects just 0.14 nanometres in diameter , useful for probing the atomic structure and chemistry of materials .
It works by firing electrons through an incredibly thin sample , just microns ( one millionth of a metre ) thick , and observing the changes to the particles as they pass through and out the other side .
" What happens to the electrons tells us about how the atoms were arranged in the sample , " said Dr McComb .
In essence , the trajectories of the electrons can be mapped , like snooker balls scattering on a table .
Knowing their trajectory as they exit allows scientists to build up a picture of the internal structure of the sample .
In addition , measuring the energy lost by electrons gives scientists clues about the identity of the atoms in the sample and how they bond together .
" That is enormously powerful , " said Dr McComb .
Research boost
The machine has been bought by the London Centre for Nanotechnology ( LCN ) using money from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) .
It was installed in August 2006 and should soon be running at full power .
We 're ramping up , we 're starting to get results
David McComb
Already there is a raft of projects that could use the super - scope .
Medical researchers , for example , hope to use it to uncover the secrets of bone disease .
" Clearly , if we want to tackle diseases like osteoporosis , we need new drugs and clinical trials , " said Dr McComb .
" But in order to develop those we also need to understand the process of osteoporosis .
We need to understand how bone and tissue interact and why that process changes as we get older . "
Teams have proposed to use Titan to examine the microscopic and chemical changes on the surfaces of bones in both healthy and diseased tissue .
Other teams want to understand the role of iron metabolism in the development of Alzheimer 's disease .
" We are not quite sure what the state of the iron is or how it interacts with the tissues in the brain , " said Dr McComb .
" But if we can understand that then potentially we can feed that into research into something that can disrupt or modify that process . "
Researchers from LCN are also queuing up to test new materials for efficient fuel cells and catalysts , as well as examining the atomic structure of semiconductors to optimise or boost their performance in future computers .
Eventually , the knowledge gained will also allow scientists to start building materials atom by atom .
" We 're ramping up , we 're starting to get results , " said Dr McComb .
" I expect over the summer we 'll really start rocketing . "
TO Westerners , the repatriation of five nurses and a doctor to Bulgaria last week after more than eight years ’ imprisonment meant the end of an unsettling ordeal .
The medical workers , who in May 2004 were sentenced to death on charges of intentionally infecting hundreds of Libyan children with H.I.V. , have been freed , and another international incident is averted .
But to many Africans , the accusations , which have been validated by a guilty verdict and a promise to reimburse the families of the infected children with a $ 426 million payout , seem perfectly plausible .
The medical workers ’ release appears to be the latest episode in a health care nightmare in which white and Western - trained doctors and nurses have harmed Africans — and have gone unpunished .
The evidence against the Bulgarian medical team , like H.I.V. - contaminated vials discovered in their apartments , has seemed to Westerners preposterous .
But to dismiss the Libyan accusations of medical malfeasance out of hand means losing an opportunity to understand why a dangerous suspicion of medicine is so widespread in Africa .
Africa has harbored a number of high - profile Western medical miscreants who have intentionally administered deadly agents under the guise of providing health care or conducting research .
In March 2000 , Werner Bezwoda , a cancer researcher at South Africa ’s Witwatersrand University , was fired after conducting medical experiments involving very high doses of chemotherapy on black breast - cancer patients , possibly without their knowledge or consent .
In Zimbabwe , in 1995 , Richard McGown , a Scottish anesthesiologist , was accused of five murders and convicted in the deaths of two infant patients whom he injected with lethal doses of morphine .
And Dr. Michael Swango , ultimately convicted of murder after pleading guilty to killing three American patients with lethal injections of potassium , is suspected of causing the deaths of 60 other people , many of them in Zimbabwe and Zambia during the 1980s and ’90s .
( Dr. Swango was never tried on the African charges . )
技術野郎の復讐--- Revenge of the Nerds --- [ 訳 註1 ]
これは 、Paul Graham ：Revenge of the Nerds を、原著者の許可を得て翻訳・公開するものです 。
プロジェクト杉田玄白正式参加テキスト。
< 版権表示 >
本和訳テキストの複製、変更、再配布は、この版権表示を残す限り、自由に行って結構です。
( 「この版権表示」には上の文も含まれます。すなわち、再配布を禁止してはいけません ) 。
Copyright 2002 by Paul Graham
原文 : http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html
日本語訳 ：Shiro Kawai ( shiro ＠ acm.org )
< 版権表示終り >
Paul Graham氏のエッセイをまとめた『ハッカーと画家』の 邦訳版が出版されました。
出版社の案内ページ Amazon.co.jp サポートページ
2002/05/30 翻訳公開
2002/06/02 yomoyomoさん、 馬目さん、およびYuさんより誤記の指摘を頂き、訂正。あと、訳註を追加。
2002/06/10 プロジェクト杉田玄白正式参加に伴い版権表示を整備
2002/10/15 Erann Gat の" How I lost my faith " の和訳をリン ク
2003/04/16
" How I lost my faith " の和訳 のURL変更に追 従
2004/03/21 Erann Gat の " Lisping at JPL " に関する情報を追加
( この記事は2002年5月に国際ICADユーザー会会議で行った基調講演の内容に 加筆したものである。 この記事では、1958年に作られた言語がなぜ現在でも最もパワフルなのか、
そのパワーとは何か、なぜ必要とされるのか、 そして髪のとんがった上司 [ 訳 註2 ] が( 理想的には、もちろんあなたのライバルの上司だが)
なぜこの事実を意図的に無視するのかについて説明する。
注記 : この講演において、私は " Lisp " という用語 を Common Lisp、Scheme 、Emacs Lisp、EuLisp、Goo、Arc等の Lispファミリーの言語の総称として使っている。
最初に、ICADについてじつはあまり知らないんだということを断っておこう。 でもそれがLispで書かれていることは知っているし、それがLispを含んでいる、 つまりユーザがLispプログラムを書いて走らせることができるってことは知っている。
Lispで書かれたプログラム がLispを「含む」のはよくあることだ。
Emacsがそうだし 、Yahoo Storeもそうだ。 でもちょっと考えてみると、これはずいぶん奇妙なことだ。 いったいいくつ のCで書かれたプログラム がCを「 含んでいる 」 、
つまりユーザがそのプログラムを使っている間にCコンパイラを走らせたりしているだろう。
Unixをアプリケーションの一つとでも考えない限り、私にはちょっと思い付かない。
まだこの話を初めて1分も経ってないのに、もうLispの変てこりんなところが 見えて来た。
いや、もちろんここにいる皆さんはLispが変てこりんだってことは
先刻承知のことと思う。実際、初めてLispを見た人が真っ先に気づくのがその奇妙さだ。
信じられないかもしれないけど、Lispのコードがそんなに奇妙に見えるのには
理由があるんだ。何も、頭のとんがった学者達が設計したからこんなふうに
なっちゃったというわけじゃない。 いや、Lispは確かに頭のとんがった学者達が設計したんだけど、
その構文がこんなに変になったのには確固たる工学上の理由があったからなんだ。
全ての言語は等しいのか ?
ソフトウェアビジネスでは、頭のとんがった学者達と、
同じくらい手ごわい勢力である髪のとんがった上司とが絶え間無い抗争を繰り広げている。
髪のとんがった上司のことはみんな知ってるよね。
テクノロジー業界にいる人なら大抵はこのマンガのキャラクターだけでなくて、
そのモデルになりそうな現実の人間を社内に見付けられると思う。
髪のとんがった上司は二つの性質を持っている。
どちらの性質もごく普通にみられるけど、 両方とも兼ね備えるとなると奇跡的だ。その性質とは：
( a ) 彼はテクノロジーに関して何も知らない。そして
( b ) 彼はテクノロジーに関して非常に強い意見を持っている。
例えば、あなたがあるソフトウェアを書かなければならないとする。
髪のとんがった上司はそのソフトウェアがどう動かなければならないか
なんて全く理解できないし、あのプログラミング言語とこのプログラミング言語の
区別もつけられない。でも不思議と、彼はあなたが使わなければならない言語を
知っているんだ。その通り。Javaを使いなさい、ってこった。
何で彼はそう考えるんだろう。この髪のとんがった上司の頭の中を覗いてみよう。
きっとこんなふうに考えているんだろう。Javaは標準だ。 そうに違いない。だって新聞や雑誌にいつでも載っているじゃないか。
それが標準なら、それを使っておけば問題は起こるまい。 それにいつだってJavaプログラマはたくさんいるだろうから、
今働いている部下が辞めてしまっても、 いや、私の部下は不思議とよく辞めるんだが、それでもすぐ代わりが見付けられると いうものさ。
ふーん。確かにこれはそんなにおかしな考えとも思えない。
ただこの考えは一つの仮定に基づいていて、実はその仮定は間違いなんだ。
髪のとんがった上司は全ての言語はだいたい等しいと信じている。
これが真実なら彼は的を射ている。言語が全て等しいなら、
他のみんなが使っている言語を使いたまえ。
実際には、言語は等しくないんだ。 各言語の違いに立ち入らなくたってそれを証明することができる。
1992年にかの髪のとんがった上司にどの言語でソフトを書くべきか尋ねたら、
彼はこんにち彼がそうしたのと同じように、ためらいなく答えただろう。
ソフトウェアはC++で書くべきだ。
でも全ての言語が等しいなら、なぜ髪のとんがった上司の意見は変わるんだい。 それよりも、なぜJavaの開発者たちはわざわざ手間をかけて新しい言語を作ったりするんだい。
新しい言語を作るってことは、既に他の人がやったやり方よりうまく出来ると
思うからそうするんだろう。実際、Goslingは最初のJavaのホワイトペーパーで
JavaはC++にあるいくつかの問題を解決すべく設計されたとはっきりと述べている。
ほらね。言語は全て等価ではない。髪のとんがった上司の頭からJavaへと、 そしてJavaの歴史をその起源へと辿ってみれば、最初の仮定と矛盾する考えに
ぶちあたるというわけさ。
じゃあどっちが正しいんだろう 。James Goslingか、髪のとんがった上司か。 もちろんGoslingが正しい。いくつかの言語は、特定の問題においては、 他の言語に優る。Javaは特定の問題においてC++より良くなるべく設計された。 どんな問題に ? どんなときJavaはC++より優れているんだ?
この2つの言語以外の言語が優れるような状況ってあるだろうか。
ひとたびこの問題を考え出すと虫の一杯詰まった缶を開けることになる。
髪のとんがった上司がこの問題をまともに考え出したら、彼の頭脳は爆発して
しまうだろう。全ての言語は等しいと考えておけば、一番勢いのある言語を
選べばいいだけだ。それは技術よりはむしろ流行の問題なんだから、
そうやって選んだものが正しいかもしれないじゃないか。
でも言語が等しくないとすると、彼は二つの連立方程式を解いて
自分が全く知らない二つのことがらの間の最適なバランスを見つけ出さなくちゃならない。
20かそこいらある最新の言語の解くべき問題に対する相対的な適合性と、
各言語に対してライブラリやプログラマを見付けられる確率とだ。
そんなものがドアの向こうにあるのなら、
髪のとんがった上司がドアを開けたがらないのも無理はない。
全ての言語が等価だと信じることのデメリットは、それが真実ではないということだ。
だがそう信じることには、人生がよっぽど単純になるというメリットがある。
私が思うに、これこそがこの考えが広まっている主たる原因だ。 安心できる考えなんだ。
Javaはとても良い。だってクールで新しい言語だからね。
ほんとにそうかい ?
プログラミング言語の世界からちょっと離れて見てみれば、 確かにJavaが最新のものに見える。 ( もっとうーんと離れて見たら、 Sunが出してるぴかぴかのでっかい看板しか見えないだろうけどね ) 。
でもこの世界に近付いてよーく見てみれば、クールさにもいろいろあることが
見えて来る。ハッカーのサブカルチャーの中では、Perlと呼ばれる言語があって
Javaよりずっとクールだと考えられている。例えばSlashdotはPerlで生成されている。 あれをやっている連中がJava Server Pageを使うとは思えない。 そしてさら に Pythonと呼ばれるもっと新しい言語があって、 そのユーザはPerlを見下しがちだ。さらに多くの言語が舞台袖で出番をうかがっている。
Java、Perl、Pythonと順に見て来ると、おもしろいパターンに気づくだろう。 少なくともあなたがLispハッカーであればきっと気づくはずだ。 各言語は次第にLispに近付いてきている [ 訳 註3 ] 。 Python はLispハッカーの多くが 間違いだと思っている機能さえコピーしている。簡単なLispプログラムなら、ほぼ 一行毎 にPythonに変換することすら可能だろう。
2002年の今になって、プログラミング言語はようやく1958年に追い付こうとしている。
数学に追い付 く
Lisp は1958 年 にJohn McCarthyによって最初に発見された。 そして、人気のあるプログラミング言語は彼が当時発展させたアイディアに やっと追い付いてきた。
こんなことってあり得るだろうか。 コンピューター技術はものすごく速く変化しているんじゃないのか?
1958年と言えば、コンピューターは冷蔵庫くらいばかでかい化け物で、
でも腕時計くらいの計算能力しか持っちゃいなかった。
そんな古い技術が今でも使えるということでさえ驚きなのに、
最新の開発技術よりも優れているなんてことがあるんだろうか。
あるんだそれが。なぜなら、 Lispはプログラミング言語として設計されたんじゃなかった。
少なくとも我々がこんにち使うプログラミング言語と言う意味では。
つまりコンピューターに何をすべきかを指示するもの、という意味ではね。
McCarthyはその後確かにそういう意味でのプログラミング言語を作ろうとしたけど、 こんにちのLispになったものは彼が 理論的な実験としてやったもの、 チューリングマシンのより便利な代替物を定義しようとした試みの結果なんだ。 McCarthyは後にこう語っている。
Lispがチューリングマシンよりも扱いやすいモデルであることを示す
もう一つの方法は、万能Lisp関数を書いてそれが万能チューリングマシンの
表記よりも簡潔で分かりやすいことを示すことだった。 これがLisp関数evalだ…、 それ はLisp式の値を計算する。… evalを書くために、私はLisp関数をLispのデータとして表す方法を
考えなければならなかった。その表記はあくまで紙の上で確認するためのもので、 実際にLispプログラムがそれで書かれるようになるなんて考えもしなかったよ。
次に起こったのはこうだ。1958年後半に、McCarthyの大学院生のひとりであった
Steve Russellがevalの定義を見ていて、これを機械語に変換すれば
Lispインタプリタができるじゃないか、と思いついたんだ。
これは当時としては画期的なことだった。 McCarthyは後にインタビューでこのように語っている。
Steve Russelが言った。ほら、evalをプログラムしたらどうだろう…、
で、私は答えたものさ。はは、君は理論と現実を混同しているよ。
このevalは人が読むためのもので、計算するためのものじゃない。
でも彼はそのアイディアを進めて実際にやってしまった。 つまり、彼は私の論文のeval を[ IBM ] 704の機械語に直して、 バグを取り、それをLispインタプリタと称したんだ。 実際そうだった。それが、Lispが現在の姿を取った瞬間だった。
突如として、おそらく数週間のうちに、 McCarthyは彼の理論的な実験がプログラミング言語に---それも、
おそらく彼が意図したのより強力な言語に---変化したのに気づいたのだ。
だから、なぜ1950年代の言語が時代遅れにならないかという簡単な説明は、
それが技術じゃなくて数学だったということだ。数学は色あせない。
Lispを比較する対象は1950年代のハードウェアでなく、
例えばクイックソートのアルゴリズムだ。それは1960年に発見され、
いまだに汎用ソートアルゴリズムとして最速だ。
1950年代から今まで生き延びている、もうひとつの言語がある。
Fortranだ。それはLispと正反対の方法で設計されている。 Lispは理論の一片が意図せずにプログラミング言語になったものだ。
Fortranはプログラミング言語となるべくして設計されたが、
現代の我々の基準からすれば非常に低レベルなものだった。
1956 年に作られ たFortran
Iは 現在 のFortranとはずいぶん違う生物だった 。Fortran
Iはアセンブリ言語に 数学がちょっとくっついたものだった。ある意味、現代のアセンブリ言語よりも 弱いと言えるかもしれない。例えばサブルーチンは無く分岐だけがあった。 現代 のFortranは 、Fortran Iよりはかな りLispに近い。
LispとFortranは二つの独立した進化系統樹の幹にあたる。
一方は数学に根ざし、もう一方はマシンアーキテクチャに根ざしている。
これらの二つの樹は発生以来、常に近付いてきた。
Lispはパワフルな言語として出発し、以降20年の間に速度を獲得した。
いわゆる主流の言語は高速なものとして出発し、以降40年の間に徐々にパワーを得て来た。
いまや、最も進んだ言語はLispにかなり近い。 近い、が、まだいくつか欠けているものがある…
Lispのユニークさ
最初に開発された時 、Lispは9つの新しいアイディアを内包していた。
そのうちのいくつかは現代では当然のことになっている。
残りのうちいくつかは進んだ言語に見られ、2つはまだLisp特有だ。 主流の言語に取り込まれた順にこの9つのアイディアを並べるとこうなる。
条件式。if - then-elseという構造だ。今ではあって当然のものだが、
Fortran Iには無かった 。Fortran
Iが持っていたのは機械語の命令を反映した、 条件付きgotoであった。
関数型 。Lispでは関数は整数や文字列と同じようなデータ型のひとつだ。
リテラル表記を持ち、変数に代入できて、引数として渡せる、というようなことだ。
再帰 。Lispは再帰をサポートした最初のプログラミング言語だった。
動的型付け 。Lispでは全ての変数は実質的にポインタだ。 変数ではなく値の方に型が付いており、 代入や束縛は実質的にポインタのコピーで行われ、ポインタが指されるものには作用しない。
ガベージコレクション。
式でプログラムが構成されること。Lispプログラムは式の木であり、
それぞれの式が値を返す。これはFortranとそれを引き継ぐ多くの言語とは
対照的だ。それらの言語は式と文を区別している。
Fortran Iにおいて式と文を区別することは自然だった。文はネストできなかったからだ。
数式が使えるようにするのに式は必要だったが、
それ以外の処理が値を返す必要も無かった。
文の戻り値を受けるものなんて無かったからだ。
この制限はブロック構造化言語の到来によって無くなるはずだったが、
その時には既に手遅れだったのだ。式と文の区別は慣行の中に根を下ろしてしまっていた。 それはFortranからAlgolに広がり、その子孫の言語へと受け継がれて行った。
シンボル型。シンボルは実質的にはハッシュテーブルに格納された文字列へのポインタである。
これによって、文字をひとつひとつ比較しないでもポインタの比較だけで済む。
シンボルと定数の木によってコードを表現すること。
言語の全てが常に在ること。読み込み時、コンパイル時、実行時が
明確に分離したステップになっていない。読み込み時にコンパイルして
コードを走らせることもできるし、コンパイル時にコードを読んだり
走らせたりすることもできるし、実行時にコードを読んだりコンパイルしたり することができる。
読み込み時にコードを走らせることにより、ユーザがLispの構文を変更することが
できる。コンパイル時にコードを走らせるというのはマクロの基本だ。
実行時にコンパイルするというのはLispをEmacsのようなプログラムの拡張言語として
使うことを容易にする。そして、実行時に読み込みができるというのは、
プログラム同士がS式を使って通信できるということだ。
最後のアイディアは最近XMLとして再発明された。
初め てLispが姿を現したとき、これらのアイディアは
1950年代後半に使えたハードウェアによって大きく制限されていた
当時のプログラミング技術からみてあまりにかけ離れていた。
時が経つにつれ、普通に使われる言語、 それはその時その時の人気のある言語で置き換わってきたが、 それはLispへと次第に進化してきた。 1〜5までのアイディアはいまや広く認知されている。
6番は主流の言語に現れ始めている。Pythonは7に相当するものを持っているが、
そのための構文は無いようだ。
8番はこの中でもっとも面白いものかもしれない。8番と9番のアイディアは、 McCarthyが実装するなんて考えもしなかったことをSteve Russellがやってのけたために、 全く意図せずにLispに入ったものだ。 それが結局、Lispの奇妙な外見と、それを最もユニークたらしめている理由になった。
Lispが奇妙に見えるのは、奇妙な構文を持っているからというより、
構文を持っていないからと言ったほうが良いだろう。
普通の言語なら舞台裏で構文解析して作られるような構文木を、
Lispプログラマは直接書いてプログラムを表現する。
その構文木はリストで表現され、それはLispのデータ構造だ。
言語を自分自身のデータ構造で表現するということは、非常に強力な機能となった。
アイディア8と9を合わせると、プログラムを書くプログラムを書けるということになる。
これは突飛なアイディアに聞こえるかもしれないが、
Lispプログラマが日常的に行っていることだ。 このアイディアは通常、マクロと呼ばれる方法で実現される。
Lispにおける 「マクロ」という用語は他の言語におけるそれとちょっと違う。
Lispのマクロは、単なる省略形から新しい言語のコンパイラまで何にでも成り得る。 も しLispを本当に理解したいか、プログラミングの認識の地平線を広げたいなら、
マクロについて学ぶことをお勧めする。
( Lispの意味での ) マクロは、私の知る限り依然とし てLispに特有のものだ。 たぶん、マクロを持つためには言語 をLispと同じような奇妙な外見にしないと
駄目だからだろう。それにまた、マクロという最後の力を加えたら、
それは新しい言語ではなくLispの新しい方言になってしまうからだろう。
私はよくジョークでそういうことを言うのだが、実際それは真実なんだ。 car、cdr、cons、quote、cond、atom、eq、そして関数をリストで表現する
方法を備えた言語があれば、あなたはLispの残り全てをそれで構築することができる。 これがLispの質を定義しているんだ。McCarthyがLispにこの姿を与えたのは、 まさにそのためだったからだ。
言語が問題になると き
では 、Lispが主流の言語が漸近する極限にあると仮定してみよう。
そうだとしても、その言語を使うべきなのだろうか。
より力の弱い言語を使ったら、失うものとは何だろうか。
場合によっては、最先端にいることを避ける方が賢明なこともあるんじゃないか。
それに、人気があることはそれ自体で正当化されないか。
例えば髪のとんがった上司がプログラマを簡単に見付けられるような言語を使いたがるのは、
それはそれで正しいことなんじゃないか。
もちろんプログラミング言語の選択がそんなに問題にならないプロジェクトというのはある。
基本的に、アプリケーションの要求が高ければ高い程
力のある言語を使って得られるものは大きくなる。
だがこの世にある多くのプロジェクトの要求はさして高くない。
おそらくプログラミングのほとんどは、既存の部品をつなぎ合わせる小さな糊付けプログラムを
書くようなものだし、それならもう手に馴染んでいて、目的に合わせたライブラリが
充実している言語を使えばいい。Windowsの一つのアプリケーションから
別のアプリケーションへデータを流したいだけなら、そりゃあVisual Basicを使えばいいのさ。
Lispでも小さな糊付けプログラムを書くことはできる ( 私はデスクトップで電卓の代わりに使っている ) 。
でも Lispみたいな言語が一番威力を発揮するのはプログラミングのスペクトルの逆の端、
激しい競争に直面しつつ難しい問題を解く洗練されたプログラムを書かなくちゃならない時だ。
ITA Software がOrbitzにライセンスした 航空料金検索プログラムが良い例だ。
彼らは、既に2つの大きな競争相手、TravelocityとExpedia がシェアを確立した業界に参入して、技術的に彼らの鼻をあかしたのだ。
ITA のアプリケーションのコア は200,000行 のCommon Lispプログラムで、 おそらくメインフレーム時代のプログラミングテクニックを使っている競争相手の
何桁も上の組み合せの中から検索を行う
( ITA もある意味ではメインフレーム時代のプログラミング言語を使っていると言えるのだが )。
私 はITAのコードを見たことはないが、かの会社のトップハッカーの言によれば、
彼らはたくさんのマクロを使っているそうだ。そうだろうと思う。
求心力
広く使われていない技術を使うのにデメリットが無いというつもりはない。
かの髪のとんがった上司も、その点を心配するのには一理ある。
ただそのリスクを正しく理解しない限り、彼はリスクを過大評価しがちだ。
私が思うに、一般的でない言語を使うことから生ずる問題は3つある。
そのプログラムは別の言語で書かれたプログラムと一緒にはうまく
動かないかも知れない。すぐ使えるライブラリが少ないかもしれない。
そして、プログラマを見付けるのが難しいかもしれない。
それぞれはどのくらい問題となるだろうか。最初の問題の重要性は、
あなたが全体のシステムをコントロールできるかどうかによって異なって来る。
あなたのソフトウェアが、離れたユーザーのマシンで、 クローズドでバグの多いOS ( 敢えて名前は挙げないが ) の上で走らねばならないのだ としたら、OSが書かれているのと同じ言語でアプリケーションを書くことに
利点はあるだろう。だが全てのシステムがあなたの制御下にあり、
全ての部分のソースコードを持っているなら(おそらくITAはそうだ ) 、
あなたは望みの言語を使うことができる。互換性に問題が生じたら自分で直せるからだ。
サーバーベースのアプリケーションではあなたは最新の技術を使うことができる。 これが、Jonathan Erickson が 「 プログラミング言語の ルネッサンス」と言った主要な理由だと思う。
Perl やPythonといった新しい言語がポピュラーになったのもまさにそのためだ。
これらの言語は、人々がそれでWindowsアプリケーションを書いてるから評判に
なってるんじゃない。サーバーでそれらが使われているから評判になっているんだ。
そしてソフトウェアがデスクトップから離れてサーバーに
移行してゆくにしたがって(マイクロソフトでさえその流れに乗ろうとしている ) 、
主流の技術を使わねばならないというプレッシャーはどんどん減って行く。
ライブラリに関しても、その重要性は書くアプリケーションに依存する。
さほど難しくない問題に対しては、ライブラリがあることは言語に備わった
本質的な力よりも重要なことだろう。どこで両者の重要性が逆転するだろう?
正確に言うのは難しいが、それがどの点であろうとも、アプリケーションと
呼べるものに達するちょっと手前であると思う。
もしある会社がソフトウェアビジネスで生きて行こうと考え、
その製品としてアプリケーションを書き始めたとしたら、
少なくとも数人のハッカーで半年かそこいらの期間は必要とするはずだ。
そのくらいの大きさになれば、既存のライブラリがあることの便利さよりも、
言語の力の方が重要になってくるだろう。
髪のとんがった上司の3番目の懸念、プログラマを見付ける難しさに関しては、
杞憂だと思う。結局のところ、何人のハッカーが必要なんだい?
もう今となっては、ソフトウェアは10人以下のチームで書くのが一番だって
みんな知っているだろう。そしてどんな言語であっても、
その言語で雇われたプログラマがかつて存在したような言語なら、
そのくらいの人数のハッカーは集められるはずだ。 10人のLispハッカーが集められないようなら、 たぶんあなたの会社はソフトウェアを開発するのに適さない都市にいるんだ。
実際、より力のある言語を選べば、必要なチームの人数を減らすことができるだろう。
( a ) 言語がパワフルであればそんなに多くのハッカーは必要無いだろうし、
( b ) より進んだ言語を操るハッカーは一般に能力が高いからだ。
「 標準」と見なされている技術を使うべきだ というプレッシャーを全く受けないかと言えばそれは嘘になる。
( 現在はYahoo Storeとなった ) Viawebでは 、 Lispを使っていることでベンチャーキャピタルや会社を買いに来た人々の目を
丸くしたものだ。でも、「実務に耐える」Sunのようなサーバーでなく 普通 のIntel boxをサーバーに使っていたことも、
Windows NTのような本物の商用OSでなく当時はまだあまり知られていなかった オープンソースのUnixであるFreeBSDを使っていたことでも、 またe-commerceの標準になると思われていた
SET ( 誰も覚えちゃいないと思うが) を無視したことでも、 ベンチャーキャピタルの目を丸くしたのだ。
スーツを着た連中に技術に関する決断をさせちゃだめだ。 我々がLispを使っていることで会社の買収候補者は警戒しなかったかって?
そりゃ多少はね。でももし我々がLispを使わなかったとしたら、
そもそも彼らが買いたいと思うようなソフトウェアを書くことさえ出来ていなかったんだから。
彼らが異常だと思うことは、実は単なる原因と結果に過ぎない。
ベンチャーを立ち上げるなら、ベンチャーキャピタルや会社の買収候補者を
喜ばせようと思って製品をデザインしちゃだめだ。
ユーザーを喜ばせるようにデザインしなきゃ。
ユーザーを獲得すれば、全ては後からついてくる。
ユーザーがいなけりゃ、技術の選択がどれだけ主流に忠実かなんて誰も気にしやしないさ。
普通であることのコスト
じゃあ、力の弱い言語を使うことによってどれだけ損をするんだろう。
これに関しては多少データがある。
力をはかる一番簡単な方法はたぶんコードサイズだろう。 高レベル言語を使う理由は、より大きな抽象化を可能にしてくれることだ。 より大きな煉瓦を使えば必要な壁を作るのに少ない煉瓦で済む、というようなものだ。 だからよりパワフルな言語を使えばプログラムは短くなる
( もちろん文字数だけでなく、言語の要素に関してもだ ) 。
よりパワフルな言語を使って、どうやって短いプログラムが書けるんだろう。
一つのテクニックとして、もし言語がそれを許すなら、
ボトムアッププログラミングと呼ばれるものがある。
アプリケーションをベース言語で書くかわりに、まず自分の書きたいプログラムに
適合する言語をベース言語で書いて、次にその言語を使ってプログラムを書くんだ。
両者を合わせたコードサイズは全てをベース言語で書いた場合よりずっと小さくなるはずだ
---実際、これは圧縮アルゴリズムの動作原理と同じだ。
ボトムアッププログラムは変更するのも楽だ。
多くの変更は言語の層に手を加えなくても済ませられる。
コードサイズは重要だ。プログラムを書く時間はプログラムの長さに大きく依存する。
プログラムが別の言語を使ったら3倍のサイズになるんだとしたら、
それを書くのに3倍の時間が必要になるだろう。そして、
それはプログラマを増やすことではカバーできない。
あるサイズを越えたら、新しく人員を投入するのは全体として効率を下げるだけになる。
Fred Brooksがこの現象を有名な 「 人月の神話」で述べているが、 私が見聞きした全てのことは彼の言うことを裏付けている。
じゃあ 、Lispで書いたらどのくらいプログラムが短くなるだろう。
私が聞いたことがあるのはほとんどLispとCの比較だが、例えば、だいたい
7〜10倍という数字だ。だが、最近の New Architect 誌に掲載され たITA の記事には 「 一行 のLispは20行のCコードを置き換えられる」とある。 この記事はITAの社長の談話を多く載せているから、 たぶんこの数字もITAから出て来たものだろう。
だとしたらある程度信用できる。ITAのソフトウェアはLispだけでなく CやC++のものも多いから、彼らは経験に基づいて語っているのだ。
この倍率は定数ではないかもしれない。難しい問題になればなるほど、
そしてプログラマが優れていればいるほど、倍率は増加するだろう。
良いハッカーであればあるほど、良いツールをもっと活用することができる。
その曲線の一点として、もしあなた がITA とあるソフトウェアで競争するとして、
あなたがCを選んだら、彼らはあなたの20倍速くソフトウェアを開発できるということだ。
新しい機能を入れるのにあなたが1年を費したら、彼らはそれを3週間で追加するだろう。
彼らが3ヵ月かかって新しいものを開発したとしたら、あなたは5年かけなければ それに追い付けない。
そしてだよ。それはベストケースの想定だ。 こうやってコードサイズの比較をしている時は、
一応弱い言語でもソフトは書き上げられると仮定している。
でも現実には、プログラマができることには限界があるんだ。
低レベルすぎる言語で難しい問題を解こうとしたら、
ある点で頭の中に納めておくには多すぎる問題を抱えることになる。
先程のITAの仮想の競争相手が、ITAがLispで3ヵ月で書いたものを5年かければ
コピーできると言ったのは、あくまで全てがうまく行った場合の話だ。
実際には、多くの会社では、5年もかかるようなプロジェクトはまず完成しない。
もちろんこれは極端な例だ。ITAのハッカー達はものすごく優秀だし、
Cはあまりに低レベルな言語だ。だが競争の激しい市場では、2〜3：1という
差であっても、ライバルにおいて行かれるには十分な数字だ。
レシピ
髪のとんがった上司にとって、こんなことは考えたくもないことだろう。
だから大抵の上司は考えない。結局のところ、彼らは会社が多少どうなろうと
自分の責任にならなければ良いのだ。彼にとって安全なプランとは、
なるべく群の中心に近い位置にいることだ。
大きな組織では、このアプローチは「 業界の最良慣行( Industry best practice ) 」 という言葉で表される。 その目的は髪のとんがった上司を責任から護ることだ。 彼が 「業界の最良慣行」である何かを選んでそれで会社が競争に負けたら、
悪いのは彼じゃない。彼が選んだのではなく、業界が選んだのだから。
この言葉は、たぶんもともとは会計方法かなんかから出て来たんじゃないかと思う。
その言葉の意味を乱暴にいえば、「妙なことはするな」ということだ。
会計の世界ではたぶんそれは良いアイディアだ。 でも「最先端 」 と「会計」はあんまり馴染まない。 だからそんな方法を技術に関する決断に持ち込んだら、
間違った答えを得るようになる。
技術はしばしば、最先端でなければならない。 プログラミング言語では 、Erann Gatが示したように、 「 業界の最良慣行」はあなたをトップにするのではなく、単に平均にするだけだ。
その決断のせいでより進んだ競争相手の数分の一しか開発ができないのなら、
「 最良慣行」は誤った名前だとさえ言える。
ここで、私は2つの情報を述べた。どちらもとても貴重な情報だと思う。
私はそれを自分の経験から知った。 第一に、プログラミング言語はその力に差がある。
第二に、大抵のマネージャーはその事実を無視する。
実はこの二つは、文字通りお金を儲けるレシピになるんだ。
ITAは、このレシピがまさに使われている良い例だ。
ソフトウェアビジネスで勝とうと思ったら、
見付けられるうちで一番難しい問題に目をつけて、 手に入る一番パワフルな言語を使い、 そしてライバル会社の髪のとんがった上司が中庸な技術へと
戻って行くのを待っていればいいのさ。
付録：力
私が言う言語の相対的な力を説明するために、次の問題を考えてみよう。
アキュムレータを生成する関数、すなわち、数nを取り、
「 数iを取ってnをiだけ増加させ、その増加した値を返す関数」を返すような関数だ。
( 「増加させる」に注意。ただ足すだけではない。 アキュムレータ(累積器 ) だから累積させなければ ) 。
Common Lispではこんなふうになるだろう。
( defun foo ( n ) # '( lambda ( i ) ( incf n i ) ) )
そし てPerl 5 ではこうだ
sub foo { my ( $n ) = @_ ; sub {$n += shift} }
Perl 5の方がLispのより要素数が多いが、これはPerlではパラメータを自分で 取り出さなければならないからだ。
Smalltalk もLispよりちょっと長くなる
foo : n |s| s := n. ^[ : i| s := s+i. ]
レキシカルな変数が使えるが、パラメータには代入できないから、
新しい変数sを作らなくちゃならない。
Javascriptでもこの例はちょっと長くなるが、 それは文と式の区別を持っているために、明示的な return 文を 使わなければならないからだ。
function foo( n ) { return function ( i ) { return n += i } }
( 公正を期するなら 、Perlもこの区別を持っているが、 通常の書き方では return を省略できる )
このLisp/Perl/Smalltalk/JavascriptをPythonに移そうとすると
ちょっとした制限につきあたる。Pythonには完全なレキシカル変数が無いため、
nの値を保持するデータ構造を作らなければならないからだ。 また 、Pythonは関数データ型を持っているが、 その関数が単一の式で表されない場合はリテラル表記できない。
だから名前をつけた関数を作ってそれを返さなければならない。
こんな感じになるだろう。
def foo( n ) : s = [ n ] def bar ( i ) : s [ 0 ] += i return s [ 0 ] return bar
Pythonユーザーはなぜ以下のように書けないか疑問に思って良いと思う。
def foo(n ) : return lambda i : return n += i
def foo(n ) : lambda i : n += i
そして、たぶんいつの日か、そう書けるようになるだろう。
( ただ 、PythonがLispへの最後の道程を進化するのを待てない ユーザには、いつでも使える手段がある。それは…)
Pythonのエキスパートは、こっちの方法の方がPythonらしいということに 同意するんじゃないだろうか。たとえばこう書いたり
def foo(n ) : class acc : def __init__ ( self , s ) : self .s = s def inc( self , i ) : self.s += i return self .s return acc ( n).inc
あるいはこうだ 。
class foo : def __init__ ( self , n ) : self . n = n def __call__ ( self , i ) : self . n += i return self .
n
私がこの例を入れたのは 、 Python支持者が、私が言語を間違った方法で紹介しているんだと思わないようにだ。
だがどちらの方法も、私にとっては最初の例より複雑に見える。
アキュムレータを保持する場所を作るという同じことをしているだけで、
それが最初の例ではリストの先頭であり、これらの例ではフィールドになっただけだ。
それに特殊な予約フィールド名、特に __call__ はちょっとしたハックのように感じられる。
Perl とPythonの比較では、 Pythonハッカーの方はいつもPythonがPerlよりエレガントに書けると主張しているようだが、
この例を見る限り、言語の力は究極のエレガンスに通じるようだ。
Perlの方が、構文はちょっと醜いが、単純だ ( より少ない要素で書ける ) 。
他の言語ではどうだろう。この話で述べた他の言語--Fortran , C , C++ , Java , そし てVisual Basic--では、この問題が解けるかどうかさえ定かではない。 Ken Andersonは、次のコードはJavaでやる限り最も近い解だと述べた
public interface Inttoint { public int call ( int i ) ; }
public static Inttoint foo( final int n ) { return new Inttoint ( ) { int s = n ; public int call ( int i ) { s = s + i ; return s ; }} ; }
これは整数でしか動作しないという点でもとのスペックに届いていない。
Javaハッカーとずいぶんメイルで討論したが、上の方で示したような例と同様に
動作する真に多態なコードをJavaで書くのは、ものすごく不自由と不可能との間だ、
ということのようだ。誰かうまく書けたら是非見せて欲しい。
私は自分でもいろいろやってみたが時間切れだった。
もちろん、他の言語でこの問題を解けないと言ってしまうのは正しくはない。
全ての言語はチューリング等価であるという事実は、厳密に言えば、
いかなるプログラムもどんな言語を使っても書けるということだ。 じゃあどうやって ? このようなケースでは、 力の弱い言語でLispインタプリタを書くことで実現できる。
これはジョークのように思えるかもしれないが、
そういうことは大きなプログラミングプロジェクトでは程度の差こそあれ非常に頻繁に
起こっていることだ。だから名前さえついている。「グリーンスパンの第10規則」というものだ。
全ての十分に複雑 なCもしくはFortranプログラムは、 後付けの、不完全な仕様とバグを持ち、遅い、Common Lispの半分の実装を含んでいる。
あなたが難しい問題を解こうとしているなら、
問われているのはパワフルな言語を使うか使わないか、ではない。
( a) パワフルな言語を使うか ( b)パワフルな言語と等価なインタプリタを書くか
( c)自らがパワフルな言語の人間コンパイラとなるか、という選択なのだ。
Pythonの例の中に既にこの選択を見て取ることができる。あの例で我々は、
コンパイラがレキシカルな変数を扱う際に生成するようなコードをシミュレートしていたのだ。
コンパイラがやるべきことを人間がシミュレートするという慣行は
ただ広まっているというだけでなく、思考を型にはめる作用がある。 例えば、OOの世界では非常に良く「パターン」というのを耳にするだろう。
この 「 パターン」は多くの場合、( c ) のケース、
すなわち人間コンパイラが実際に動作している証拠なんじゃないかと私は思う。
私が自分のプログラムにパターンを見付けたら、それはどこかがおかしいというサインだ。
プログラムの形は、それが解くべき問題のみを反映すべきだ。
その他の繰り返しがコード中に現れるということは、少なくとも私にとっては、
十分な抽象化を行っていないということを意味する。大抵の場合、それは
マクロを書くべきコードを手で拡張して書いているということになる。
原註
IBM 704のCPUはだいたい冷蔵庫の大きさだったが、ずっと重かった。
CPUそれ自体が3150ポンド( 約1.4t ) の重さだったし、4KのRAMが別の箱に入っていて
4000ポンドだった。ちなみに家で使われる最大型の冷蔵庫であるSub-Zero 690は 656ポンドである。
Steve Russellはまた、1962年に最初の(デジタル ) コンピューターゲームである Spacewarも書いた。
もしあなたが、髪のとんがった上司をうまく説得してLispでソフトウェアを 書かせてもらおうとするなら、それはXMLだと言ってみるのも手かもしれない。
これが、他 のLisp方言におけるアキュムレータジェネレータのコードだ。
Scheme : ( define ( foo n ) ( lambda ( i ) ( set ! n (+ n i ) ) n ) )
Goo : ( df foo ( n ) ( op incf n _ ) ) )
Arc : ( def foo ( n ) [++ n _ ] )
Erann GatのJPLにおける 「業界のベストプラクティス」についての悲しい話 [ 訳 註4 ] を聞いて、 この言葉の間違った適用を正して置かねばと思ったのだ。
を聞いて、 この言葉の間違った適用を正して置かねばと思ったのだ。
Peter Norvigは Design Patterns に挙げられた23のパターンのうち 16 はLispでは 「 全く見えないか、あるいはより簡潔である」ことを発見した。
に挙げられた23のパターンのうち 16 はLispでは 「 全く見えないか、あるいはより簡潔である」ことを発見した。
様々な言語に関する私の質問に答えてくれ、さらにこの記事の草稿を読んでくれた たくさんの人々に感謝します： Ken Anderson , Trevor Blackwell , Erann Gat , Dan Giffin , Sarah Harlin , Jeremy Hylton , Robert Morris , Peter Norvig , Guy Steele , そして Anton van Straaten。 なお、本記事中に述べられた意見に関してこれらの人々には一切責任はありません。
関連情報
たくさんの人々がこの講演に対して反響をくれた。
議論に上がったことがらに関して、別にページを設けた：
「 技術野郎の復讐---Revenge of the Nerds---」への反響
また、LL1メイリングリストにおいても 長大でしばしば有用な議論に火をつけた。 特に 、Anton van Straatenのセマンティックコンプレッションのメイルを参照のこと。
LL1でのいくつかのメイルに触発されて、私は言語の力の問題について
簡潔さは力なりでより深く考えてみた。
アキュムレータ生成のベンチマークに対する、より多くの正規実装は
独自のページにまとめている。
訳註
All 165 passengers and crew successfully evacuated a Boeing jet today , moments before it burst into flames .
The China Airlines plane exploded near the Naha airport terminal building in Okinawa , Japan .
A spokesman for the Taiwanese airline said the Boeing 737 caught alight after it skidded on the tarmac on its way to a gate after landing .
" The fire started when the left engine exploded a minute after the aircraft entered the parking spot , " the transport ministry official AhihikoTamura said .
Airport traffic controllers had received no report from the pilot that anything was wrong , he said .
The 157 passengers - including two small children - evacuated the plane on inflated emergency slides .
One member of the ground crew was injured , Kyodo news agency reported .
A fire official , Hiroki Shimabukuro , said two passengers - a seven - year - old girl and a man in his 50s - had been taken to hospital because they felt ill , but they were uninjured .
Police said terrorism was not suspected .
Early investigations raised the possibility that leaking fuel may have caught fire .
" There is a possibility of the engine exploding and catching fire due to a fuel leak , " a Naha airport police official told Reuters .
The fire was put out about an hour later , leaving the aircraft charred and mangled .
Several passengers interviewed by the broadcaster NHK said were they were preparing to get off the plane after what seemed like an ordinary landing when they were told to use the emergency slides to evacuate .
Some said they saw smoke and flames entering the cabin and that they heard explosions minutes after they left the aeroplane .
The head of Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration , Chang Kuo-cheng , said China Airlines and its subsidiary Mandarin Airlines had been ordered to ground their 13 other Boeing 737-800s pending a full inspection .
" If there was a fire , it might have something to do with an oil leak , " Mr Chang said , noting that the exact cause was not known .
The Okinawa fire is a setback to China Airlines , which in recent years appeared to have improved on a troubled safety record among international carriers .
A China Airlines 747 crashed in 2002 as it flew from Taipei to Hong Kong , causing 225 deaths , and some 450 people died in China Airlines accidents during the 1990s .
Lieberman : Iran has declared war on the US Josh Catone
Published : Monday July 2 , 2007 Print This Email This Following a statement issued by the American Forces Press Service accusing Iran 's Quds Force of " training , funding and arming the Iraqi groups , " as well as Hezbollah operatives in Iraq , Senator Joseph Lieberman ( I - CT ) released a statement saying that Iran has declared war on America .
" Although no one desires a conflict with Iran , the fact is that the Iranian government by its actions has declared war on us , " Lieberman wrote , while urging the United States to keep " open the possibility of using military force against the terrorist infrastructure inside Iran . "
" These revelations should be a wake - up call to the United States about the threat posed by the Islamic Republic of Iran , " Lieberman continued , " as well as a reminder why Iraq is , in fact , the central front of the global war on terror . "
The AFPS article that prompted Lieberman 's statement quoted heavily from Brig .
Gen. Kevin Bergner , who alleges that the Quds Force sends weapons and $ 750,000 to $ 3 million per month into Iraq .
According to Bergner , terrorist organizations in Iraq would be " hard pressed " to continue without funding from Iran .
Lieberman seized on the opportunity to criticize fellow members of Congress who have pushed for a withdrawal of US troops from Iraq and repeated the oft - heard White House line that a retreat from Iraq is a victory for terrorists .
" For Congress to mandate a retreat from Iraq will give the Iranians exactly what they want most , " Lieberman concluded .
" A retreat would not only represent a catastrophic defeat for the United States , but an epic victory for Iran , Hezbollah , and the forces of Islamist terrorism . "
Some neoconservatives believe that Lieberman 's hard line stance on Iran will ultimately make US military action against that country easier for the White House to sell .
Bill Kristol , the editor of the Weekly Standard , recently told Fox News that Lieberman 's campaign against Iran has made " it at least easier for the administration to consider " military action .
Read the American Forces Press Service article here .
Read Lieberman 's full statement here .
JENA , La. 
In some ways , this town is still the same rural community it was a half - century ago , before integration pushed blacks and whites together in schools , workplaces and neighborhoods .
African - Americans , who are a little more than a tenth of the town 's nearly 3,000 people , still live mostly in the two areas that have always been the black sections of town .
They worship separately from white churchgoers .
When they die , they are buried in the black cemetery .
Jena 's residents , black and white , say such separation is typical of small towns — and some big cities — in the South .
They say it does n't justify a portrait of a town awash in racial hate , the portrait they think black activists and the news media have sent worldwide after a tense year that ended with six black teens charged with attempted murder for beating a white classmate in December .
Now Jena ( pronounced JEEN-uh ) , which never experienced the marches of the 1960s civil rights movement , is about to see a replay of that movement .
Tens of thousands of demonstrators , rallied by bloggers , newspapers and black radio hosts , are on buses heading for Jena from across the country .
With leaders including Al Sharpton , Jesse Jackson and Martin Luther King III , and hip - hop artist Mos Def , they 'll rally at the courthouse steps Thursday on behalf of the teens who have come to be known as the " Jena Six . "
The case has been overblown , some people say .
" I work with blacks and whites , " says Linda McCartney , 41 , a white second - grade teacher who has lived here all her life .
" The majority of people get along . "
Carol Brown , 35 , a black home health aide , says , " Jena is a good place to live and call home . …
There are some people who are prejudiced , but those who are not outnumber the ones who are . "
Jena at one time was known as the home of some of Louisiana 's largest sawmills .
It has been struggling since the mills began to close in the 1950s .
Now Jena is known for the Jena Six .
The charges followed a series of incidents that began at the start of school in 2006 , when nooses were hung from a tree , a traditional gathering place for white students , after a black student asked to sit under it .
Last week , an appeals court overturned the first conviction .
Mychal Bell , 17 , had been scheduled for sentencing on Thursday .
The prosecutor , Reed Walters , will appeal .
Charges for three others have been reduced to aggravated battery .
Now , on the eve of a rally that organizers say may bring 40,000 people from across the country , Jena is mired in misunderstanding and distrust .
" A lot of people are frustrated , " says Eddie Thompson , 46 , Pentecostal pastor of the Sanctuary Family Worship Center .
He is white .
" Basically , it 's the story of another town .
You can understand someone watching TV and hearing different reports about a town so blindly racist , with trees for whites only and such , joining a march .
I would join that march , too . "
Residents black and white worry about the sheer numbers of people expected .
" We 're scared to death " that violence may break out , says Billy Fowler , 68 , a white school board member , as he drives through the town 's only two stoplights .
He says schools are closing because of worries about traffic backups .
Around the courthouse , a gift shop , diner and other businesses have posted signs to say they will be closed Thursday .
Brian Moran , 25 , the acting president of Jena 's newly formed NAACP chapter , says the rally will be peaceful and will call attention to how the Jena Six have been treated .
Jena has come a long way from the days when blacks could n't live outside of certain sections and the Ku Klux Klan was active , says Harry " Cuz " Roberts , the white owner of LaSalle Florist .
Some blacks in Jena , though , say racism is a part of daily life .
Jim Douglas , 65 , a black retired electrical engineer who returned to Jena 17 years ago after living in Las Vegas , says race relations have not changed much since he marched in Baton Rouge in the 1960s .
He lives in the Tall Timber Quarters , where poor blacks who worked for the mills used to live .
The section , a mix of ramshackle trailers and well - kept homes , is still predominantly black .
" You still have the sense of the old deep South , " he says .
" They still have the good ol ' boy system . "
Brown says she has n't had many problems in Jena , except for one area : how the law treats blacks .
Two years ago , Brown says , her daughter was convicted of disorderly conduct for a school fight even though one of her teachers backed up her statement that she was n't there .
" Criminal justice and race are inextricably intertwined in the South , " says Bill Quigley , a law professor at Loyola University New Orleans .
He says the civil rights movement never reached Jena and other towns in north - central Louisiana .
One place where blacks and whites in Jena mingle easily is the football field .
Last week during Jena High School 's homecoming , graduates cheered the Jena Giants , holding up signs showing the years they graduated .
Principal Glen Joiner pointed out that blacks and whites who attended school together sat next to each other at the game .
" Would they all have come back if we had bad racial problems ? " he asks .
On Monday , a hot , humid Louisiana evening , parents gathered to watch the junior varsity beat the Caldwell Parish Spartans 20 - to - 8 .
After the game , black and white players held hands and prayed .
" See that ? " Joiner says .
" That 's what we 're about .
You see whites and blacks together in prayer .
They 're a team .
That 's a bond these kids have . "
Enlarge By Tim J. Mueller for USA TODAY Louisiana State Police Superintendent Col. Stanley Griffin , right , listens as Jena , La. , mayor Murphy McMillan addresses the media at the LaSalle Parish Courthouse .
This is your only warning .
Turn off your TV set , or your will to live â€ ” or vote â€ ” may be decimated .
The Television Bureau of Advertising forecasts that the politicians who want your vote will spend about $ 3 billion in 2008 , a presidential election year .
As noted earlier at S&R , the presidential candidates alone have collectively raised more than $ 265 million since the beginning of this year .
The eventual nominees will need to raise more than $ 500 million each to have a chance to win in November .
Now , toss in the folks running for the House and Senate .
Add the chumps , er , chaps , who want to be governors and attorneys general .
A whole passel of politicians are looking for your money â€ ” so they can spend it on campaigning to enlighten you about them , their promises and their records .
Riiiight .
Remember , this estimate is $ 3 billion for television advertising .
By politicians .
So what do you think we ’ll find out in the ads they ’ll shell out all that cash for ?
Early on , we ’ll learn they have wives ( or husbands ) and suitably cute children .
We ’ll learn that the men like to walk through town with suit coats slung over the shoulder and sleeves rolled up .
They like walkin’ and talkin’ in diners and other working - class emporiums .
They will be earnest in tone and wide - eyed in appreciation of the opportunity to serve us with dedication , dignity and honesty .
You might even spot some wearing clothing made of Reaganiteâ „ ¢ .
Later , they ’ll become feisty .
They ’ll challenge the incumbent ( or encumber the challenger ) with vague statements about the opponent ’s records , personalities and sinful allegiances to ( insert choice here : gays , liberals , religious fundamentalists , libertarians , neo - conservatives â€ ” just choose one ) .
Then they ’ll become downright nasty .
No , wait : 527 groups not “ aligned ” with the candidate ’s campaign will do the real Gordon Liddy - style dirty work .
But the word that best describes the content of this $ 3 billion advertising show is this : vague .
They wo n’t say a damn thing that will come back to haunt them â€ ” or inform us specifically about what they will do in [ insert choice here : Congress , White House , governor ’s mansion , etc. ] and why they ’ll do it that way .
These folks are chasing record amount of money to spend in a record - setting deception that will tell us absolutely nothing .
And you can bet they wo n’t go out of their way in their ads to tell us :
â€¢ who gave them money and how much .
â€¢ who bundled what amount of money from whom and how much .
â€¢ how much money they received from “ leadership PACs ” run by powerful members of Congress ( and what they promised those powerful folks in return ) .
â€¢ what industries larded them with political largesse .
So what are we going to get in this information age for $ 3 billion ?
Sheer bullshit .
Count on it .
Deus ex machina
Commodore
The company that rescued Amiga in 1984 was the creation of a single man .
Born in Poland in 1928 as Idek Tramielski , he was imprisoned in the Nazi work camps after his country was invaded in World War II .
Rescued from the camps by the US Army , he married a fellow concentration camp survivor named Helen Goldgrub , and the two emigrated to the United States .
Upon arrival , he changed his name to Jack Tramiel .
Jack Tramiel
Jack enlisted in the US Army in 1948 and served in the Equipment Repair Office .
He served two tours of duty in Korea , then left the Army to work at a small typewriter repair company .
In 1955 , Jack and his wife left for Canada to start their own typewriter manufacturing firm .
Jack wanted a military - sounding name for the company , but General and Admiral were already taken , so he settled on Commodore after seeing a car on the street with that name .
The little firm grew quickly , going public in 1962 , but it became enveloped in a financial scandal that threatened to consume the company .
Jack was a survivor , however , and would not give up .
He found a financier named Irving Gould who purchased a large chunk of Commodore and moved it into new directions .
Inexpensive Japanese typewriters were eating into Commodore 's profits , so the company got into selling calculators instead .
Then cheap calculators from Japan and from US firms like Texas Instruments threatened to take that business away as well .
Jack realized that in order to survive the price wars , he needed to control the chips that went into the calculators .
In 1976 he bought MOS Technologies , the same company that split off from Motorola to produce the legendary 6502 chip that ended up in the Apple ] [ , various game consoles , and the Atari 400/800 series .
The MOS purchase got Commodore into the computer business , starting with the PET , then the low - cost VIC 20 , and finally in 1982 the company released the best - selling personal computer model of all time : the Commodore 64 .
The 64 was a huge hit , selling over 22 million machines over its life span and firmly cementing Commodore as one of the major players in the burgeoning personal computer industry .
However , things were not all rosy at the company .
Jack was determined not just to compete with other computer companies , but to destroy them .
" Business is war , " was his motto , and while the price war he initiated did take out some competitors — including getting revenge against TI , which withdrew from the computer business in October 1983 — it also strained Commodore 's profits .
Tramiel often fought with Gould over matters of money : the financier wanted Jack to grow the business without any extra capital , but Jack wanted more cash in order to lower costs and thus wipe out the rest of his competitors .
" We sell computers to the masses , not the classes , " he once said , reflecting the price difference between a $ 199 Commodore 64 and machines from Apple and IBM that cost thousands of dollars .
In the end , as is often the case when battling your financiers , the money people won .
Jack Tramiel was forced out of his own company by the board of directors in late 1983 .
This ouster would have a huge effect on the fledgling Amiga company , because Tramiel did not go quietly .
Jack Tramiel was a study in conflicts and contradictions , like any human being , but more so .
His hardheaded management style made him enemies , but also made him steadfast friends — many key employees quit Commodore when he left to join him in his new ventures .
His tendency to jump from project to project paid huge dividends when the company moved from the PET to the VIC - 20 to the Commodore 64 , but that same line of thinking hurt the company when ill - conceived successors such as the Plus / 4 failed in the marketplace .
So it should come as no surprise that Tramiel 's departure from Commodore both saved and doomed the Amiga at the same time .
Before Tramiel had left , Commodore had already engaged in halfhearted talks to purchase the struggling Amiga , Inc. , but nothing had come from them .
Atari was developing a new personal computer and game console and wanted access to the Amiga chipset .
The initial offer was for $ 3 a share and kept getting lower .
When it hit 98 ¢ per share , both sides walked away from the table .
It was at this point that Atari " loaned " Amiga $ 500,000 to continue operations for a few more months .
This poisonous deal was put together by none other than Jack Tramiel , who had managed to purchase Atari 's computer division after being kicked out of Commodore .
Due to the video game crash of 1983 , Atari 's parent company Warner Communications had been looking to dump the computer and home console video game portions of Atari ( they would retain the arcade division , which was still doing well ) , and Tramiel managed to work out a spectacular deal that gave him ownership of Atari 's computer division for no money down .
When Jack left Commodore for Atari , the former company 's stock fell while the latter 's rose , as public opinion still considered ( and rightly so ) Jack to have been the driving force that built Commodore 's success .
A steady flow of engineers followed Tramiel to Atari , which prompted Commodore to sue Atari for theft of trade secrets .
( Tramiel , in his inimitable style , would later countersue ; both lawsuits were eventually settled out of court . )
To compete with Tramiel and regain the engineering talent they had lost , Commodore decided to purchase Amiga wholesale .
Keeping the original Amiga team intact saved the computer as Jay Miner and the others had originally envisioned it .
However , it also made Tramiel more determined than ever to get his revenge on Commodore .
That revenge would come in the form of the Atari ST — sometimes called the Jackintosh — which was rushed into production to compete against the Amiga .
Had Jack never been kicked out of Commodore , the Atari line of computers might have just faded into oblivion after Warner had dumped the company .
The competition between Amiga and Atari would wind up hurting both platforms as they focused their resources on fighting each other rather than making sure they had a place in a world increasingly dominated by the IBM PC .
Still , all that was in the future , and the Amiga team , now a fully - owned subsidiary of Commodore , had but one thing on their minds : finishing the computer .
Men walk near a display showing Nintendo's " Wii " game console at a game shop in Tokyo's Akihabara electronic district , June 25 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Toru Hanai
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Nintendo Co Ltd 7974 .OS expects to keep its
Wii video game console priced at $ 249 for the time being since it is selling all of the units it makes , a senior U.S. executive said on Thursday .
“ We ’ll stay at $ 249 for the foreseeable future .
We are still selling everything we can make , ” George Harrison , senior vice president of marketing at Nintendo America , told Reuters in an interview .
The power of blub
Thomas Crimi writes :
I was forwarding your article on the Pirahã resistance to using exact numbers to a friend of mine ; when I summarized it I noticed that in software development circles this phenomenon has been written about a few years ago by Paul Graham , which he called the Blub Paradox .
' Blub ' is the name given for a middle - of - the - pack programming language ( standing in for Java so as to be politically neutral ) .
When some people rave about the great features of other languages ( say , Graham 's baby , Lisp ) , the Blub programmer shows complete indifference , not seeing how those features would make a practical difference day - to - day .
Meanwhile , for any language worse than Blub , the programmer is able to rail on about how it'd be impossible to do useful work without feature X that Blub has .
From a cursory google , it seems that this appears first in his 2001 article " Beating the Averages " .
The lesson of Blub is that even though we may feel superior to ' those ' programmers , we all have our own blub and need to attempt to see what other things out there are worth learning .
Yes , I think that the Blub Paradox has considerable explanatory force , and I 'm glad to learn about it .
But the political economy of such situations is uncertain , it seems to me .
If your way of life ( or your programing language , or your way of thinking about group properties ) is working for you and your peeps , it 's not obvious that it 's generally a good idea to invest a lot of time and effort in trying to learn something different , just because some outsider tells you that you should .
It might pay off , and then again it might not ; and there are various costs , not least the potential personal or social disruption .
Standing pat might sometimes be the best choice , alas , even when the outsiders are right .
Thus people who think that they understand statements like " women have more sensitive hearing than men " , without translating them into claims about sampled distributions , are fools at best .
But the damage that people do to themselves by continuing to use crude approximate semantics , conceived in terms of the properties of prototypes , might not in individual cases outweigh the costs of learning new thinking skills .
That would be true , for example , if most of the damage is due to bad social decisions ( whether explicit public policy mistakes , or implicit market outcomes ) , which any one individual has little control over .
As a result , if you invest in better understanding , you may just wind up writing whiny weblog entries about what 's wrong with bestselling books and dominant software - engineering practices .
Posted by Mark Liberman at October 9 , 2007 12:55 PM
A former White House aide who had his 2 and 1/2 year prison sentence for obstruction of justice commuted to no jail time by President Bush , I. Lewis Libby Jr. , will be required to serve two years supervised release similar to probation , a federal judge ruled Thursday .
However , Judge Reggie Walton said he reached that conclusion " with great reservation " and he also delivered a forceful rebuttal to Mr. Bush 's assertion that the sentence imposed in the case was too severe .
" It is fair to say that the Court is somewhat perplexed as to how its sentence could be accurately characterized as  excessive , ' " Judge Walton wrote in a footnote to his 10 - page opinion upholding Libby 's probation .
" Although it is certainly the president 's prerogative to justify the exercise of his constitutional commutation power in whatever manner he chooses ( or even to decline to provide a reason for his actions altogether ) , the Court notes that the term of incarceration imposed in this case was determined after a careful consideration of each of the requisite statutory factors and was consistent with the bottom end of the applicable sentencing range as properly calculated under the United States Sentencing Guidelines . "
The White House had no immediate comment on the ruling .
Judge Walton also suggested that Mr. Bush 's contention that the sentence was too long flew in the face of the position his administration took in a Supreme Court case decided last month .
In that case , a military veteran with no criminal record applicable to the guidelines , Victor Rita , was sentenced to 33 months for obstruction of justice .
Judge Walton noted that the Justice Department took the position that Rita 's sentence was reasonable .
The judge also noted that Attorney General Gonzales recently urged Congress to restore the sentencing guidelines to the binding status they had before the Supreme Court ruled them to be advisory in 2005 .
As for the supervised release , Judge Walton said the president 's authority to convert the sentence to what amounts to probation appeared to be within the scope of a 1974 Supreme Court decision , Schick v. Reed , that upheld the president 's right to covert a sentence of death into life imprisonment without the possibility of parole .
As Judge Walton pointed out in an order soon after the commutation , the federal criminal statute governing supervised release dictates that it be imposed after a term of incarceration .
Libby has been free on bond since his indictment in 2005 .
In March of this year , a jury convicted him of obstruction of justice , lying to the FBI , and perjury before a grand jury investigating the disclosure of the identity of a CIA operative , Valerie Plame .
Neither Libby nor anyone else was charged with leaking Ms. Plame 's CIA link .
Judge Walton concluded that Mr. Bush 's action was an affront to the laws Congress has passed regarding criminal punishment , but an affront that seemed to be permitted by the Supreme Court .
" The President has effectively rewritten the statutory scheme on an ad hoc basis to make the punishment created by Congress applicable to a situation Congress clearly did not intend , " the judge wrote .
He called the precedent in the area " unsettled " and ruled that the president 's action should therefore be left in place .
Judge Walton rejected an argument by the special prosecutor , Patrick Fitzgerald , that Libby was eligible for supervised release under the letter of the law because he was in the custody of the Marshals Service while being fingerprinted and photographed .
" It is difficult to imagine anyone who would be in need of assistance to transition [ back ] to community life ' after spending several hours undergoing routine processing , " the judge wrote .
Since the White House , the prosecution , and the defense all agreed that the supervised release should remain in place , no appeal on that issue seems likely .
Judge Walton was appointed by President George H.W. Bush .
Speaking a news conference today , President Bush seemed to suggest that a former State Department official , Richard Armitage , who has acknowledged being a source of the leak that led to Ms. Plame being identified publicly , should have made that fact known to the public in 2003 .
" I 've often thought about what would have happened had that person come forth and said , ` I did it . '
Would we have had this , you know , endless hours of investigation and a lot of money being spent on this matter ? "
Mr. Bush said .
Mr. Bush did not mention that , at that time , the FBI and the White House were instructing all government officials to refrain from public comment about the matter in order to allow the investigation to proceed .
Asked whether he was disappointed that White House officials , including Libby , also discussed Ms. Plame with the press , the president did not respond directly .
" It has been a tough issue for a lot of people in the White House , and it 's run its course , and now we 're going to move on , " Mr. Bush said .
The trick is to give doctors gifts without making them feel that they are being bought .
“ Bribes that are n’t considered bribes , ” Oldani says .
“ This , my friend , is the essence of pharmaceutical gifting . ”
According to Oldani , the way to make a gift feel different from a bribe is to make it personal .
“ Ideally , a rep finds a way to get into a scriptwriter ’s psyche , ” he says .
“ You need to have talked enough with a scriptwriter — or done enough recon with gatekeepers — that you know what to give . ”
When Oldani found a pharmacist who liked to play the market , he gave him stock options .
When he wanted to see a resistant oncologist , he talked to the doctor ’s nurse and then gave the oncologist a $ 100 bottle of his favorite cognac .
Reidy put the point nicely when he told me , “ You are absolutely buying love . ”
Such gifts do not come with an explicit quid pro quo , of course .
Whatever obligation doctors feel to write scripts for a rep ’s products usually comes from the general sense of reciprocity implied by the ritual of gift - giving .
But it is impossible to avoid the hard reality informing these ritualized exchanges : reps would not give doctors free stuff if they did not expect more scripts .
My brother Hal , a psychiatrist currently on the faculty of Wake Forest University , told me about an encounter he had with a drug rep from Eli Lilly some years back , when he was in private practice .
This rep was not one of his favorites ; she was too aggressive .
That day she had insisted on bringing lunch to his office staff , even though Hal asked her not to .
As he tried to make polite conversation with her in the hall , she reached over his shoulder into his drug closet and picked up a couple of sample packages of Zoloft and Celexa .
Waving them in the air , she asked , “ Tell me , Doctor , do the Pfizer and Forest reps bring lunch to your office staff ? ” A stony silence followed .
Hal quietly ordered the rep out of the office and told her to never come back .
She left in tears .
It ’s not hard to understand why Hal got so angry .
The rep had broken the rules .
Like an abrasive tourist who has not caught on to the code of manners in a foreign country , she had said outright the one thing that , by custom and common agreement , should never be said : that the lunches she brought were intended as a bribe .
What ’s more , they were a bribe that Hal had never agreed to accept .
He likened the situation to having somebody drop off a bag of money in your garage without your consent and then ask , “ So what about our little agreement ? ”
When an encounter between a doctor and a rep goes well , it is a delicate ritual of pretense and self - deception .
Drug reps pretend that they are giving doctors impartial information .
Doctors pretend that they take it seriously .
Drug reps must try their best to influence doctors , while doctors must tell themselves that they are not being influenced .
Drug reps must act as if they are not salespeople , while doctors must act as if they are not customers .
And if , by accident , the real purpose of the exchange is revealed , the result is like an elaborate theatrical dance in which the masks and costumes suddenly drop off and the actors come face to face with one another as they really are .
Nobody wants to see that happen .
t he n ew d rug r eps ?
Last spring a small group of first - year medical students at the University of Minnesota spoke to me about a lecture on erectile dysfunction that had just been given by a member of the urology department .
The doctor ’s Power - Point slides had a large , watermarked logo in the corner .
At one point during the lecture a student raised his hand and , somewhat disingenuously , asked the urologist to explain the logo .
The urologist , caught off guard , stumbled for a moment and then said that it was the logo for Cialis , a drug for erectile dysfunction that is manufactured by Eli Lilly .
Another student asked if he had a special relationship with Eli Lilly .
The urologist replied that yes , he was on the advisory board for the company , which had supplied the slides .
But he quickly added that nobody needed to worry about the objectivity of his lecture , because he was also on the advisory boards of the makers of the competing drugs Viagra and Levitra .
The second student told me , “ A lot of people agreed that it was a pharm lecture and that we should have gotten a free breakfast . ”
I 've been going through my old saved Usenet posts , and I came across an announcement by Walter C. Pelissero from 2004 .
Walter does not post to comp.lang.lisp any more .
He does not have a blog that I know of .
His software is not in cliki or the Common Lisp Directory .
I do n't see messages from him on any Lisp mailing list I 'm on .
Nevertheless , he has a large collection of Common Lisp software to do modern and interesting tasks .
CLOT creates charts and plots with CL - GD
MArch is an all - singing , all - dancing mail processing system
BINGE parses C and produces FFI definitions
MeDaMa is a metadata manager with a GTK front - end
... and there 's much , much more
Walter C. Pelissero !
Step into the light !
You have made a lot of really cool CL stuff !
Last updated at 16:04 05 November 2006
The best supermarket own - label champagnes taste better than many of the well - known and expensive , according to experts .
A blind taste test of 30 bottles of supermarket bubbly revealed a top trio of " excellent " quality , said food critic Egon Ronay .
Priced between £ 14 and £ 18 they are far cheaper than most big - name champagnes , he said .
The findings come as the supermarkets gain a growing slice of the UK 's total champagne market .
They took 64 per cent of all money spent on champagne in UK stores in the year to October 7 , 2006 compared with 59 per cent the previous year , latest figures from independent analysts AC Nielsen show .
Ronay described the range and quality of supermarket champagnes as " a revelation " .
" It would certainly be a mistake to buy the well - known brands just because of the name on the label when some of the supermarket champagnes stand up to them very well .
Those which were in the first three are as good or better than some of the best , " he said .
" Psychologically , because they are lower in price , people may think they are not as good - which would be a mistake . "
He added : " Certainly the winning three and perhaps one or two others are better than some of the very well - known names .
" To me it was a revelation .
I had never bought champagnes at supermarkets before because one is prejudiced . "
A total of 30 different bottles were tested from samples provided by Tesco , Sainsbury 's , Asda , Morrisons , Waitrose , M&S , Aldi and Somerfield .
Each chain was invited to submit all their own - label champagnes .
Some of the champagnes were criticised for being too sweet or not complex enough .
But judges praised the top- ranking bottle of M&S Champagne de St Gall Premier Cru Brut for being a crisp , well - balanced and " complete " champagne of " real class " .
The UK is the world 's largest importer of champagne ahead of the US and Germany , according to the Champagne Information Bureau .
Our champagne consumption is second only to that of France .
The blind taste test , invigilated by the Press Association , was held at The Dorchester hotel on London 's Park Lane over three sessions last month .
Ronay was joined by fellow judges Michael Edwards , author of the Champagne Companion , and Dante Campailla , solicitor and champagne connoisseur .
The judges were unaware of the champagne type , supermarket brand , producer or price at the time of testing .
AC Nielsen 's figures are taken from till data provided by thousands of UK stores .
They show that UK shoppers spent £ 301.64 million on champagne in shops , supermarkets and off - licences over the past year .
Of that amount , £ 192.73 million was spent in " grocery multiples " which includes Tesco , Sainsbury 's , Morrisons , Asda , M&S , Waitrose , Somerfield , Aldi , Lidl and Netto .
Top three champagnes
Ronay 's blind taste test showed the top three champagnes as follows :
First : M&S Champagne de St Gall Premier Cru Brut , £ 14.99 to December 31 .
Non-promotion price £ 19.99 .
Second : Sainsbury 's Vintage 1999 Blanc de Blancs Brut , £ 17.99 .
Third : Sainsbury 's Blanc de Noirs Brut , £ 13.99 .
Rare earth magnets for fun and profit
Review date : 22 September 2001 .
Last modified 08 - Jun -2013 .
One can academically appreciate the fact that every electric motor in the world ( not counting a couple of very impractical ones ) works because of magnetism .
One can reflect on the fact that every transformer uses it , too .
CRT monitors , TVs , brushless DC motors , power meters , modern welding gear and engine ignition timing systems , various vending machines and umpteen other gadgets use permanent magnets .
And electromagnetism has a hand somewhere in making practically every other electronic device work .
To get a true , visceral appreciation for magnetism , though , you can't beat playing with magnets .
Really terrifyingly freakin ' strong magnets , by preference .
When I was a kid , I had a bag full of black ferrite magnets of various shapes and sizes .
They were fine toys .
I could not hurt myself with them .
I 've grown up now .
Well , physically at least .
And so I 've graduated to these .
" These " , in this case , are neodymium iron boron ( NIB ) magnets .
They 're commonly just referred to as " neodymium " or " rare earth " magnets , and this composition is both more powerful and cheaper than the previous king of the permanent magnet world , samarium cobalt .
How strong ?
Well , the smallest magnets in the above picture are little gold - plated cylinders only 6.4 by 2.3 mm in size .
The field extending from these magnets does n't reach far with any strength , because the smaller a magnet of a given intrinsic strength is , the smaller will be the volume of space it can fill with a magnetic field of a given strength .
Magnetic field strength drops off as the inverse cube of the distance from the magnet , too ; get twice as far away and the field strength drops by a factor of about eight .
So two of these little tackers barely notice each other over a distance of more than an inch .
But just tossing one of these tiny 'uns in the vague vicinity of another will cause them to click together end - to - end .
And they do it strongly enough that I can hold the one on the end of a full stick of 12 of 'em and twirl the rest around as fast as I can , without them letting go .
The strongest magnets in this collection , if you ignore the large - surface - area but thin and fragile hard drive magnets ( of which more in a moment ) , are the 18.25 mm - diameter spheres .
Spherical magnets , mercifully , tend to push your fingers out of the way as they head for each other , so these ones are n't too prone to pinching people .
But they can certainly do it , and playing with them without letting them smack together so hard that they damage themselves is easier said than done .
These magnets are all covered with protective metal plating , but careless play will flake it off quite quickly , and the NIB material itself is quite fragile .
This collection of magnets is three " grab bags " worth , from Force Field , who seem to be pretty much the only really serious sellers of a proper range of cheap surplus rare earth magnets on the Internet at the moment .
They 're still not dirt cheap , mind you .
I bought three $ US20 grab bags on Ebay , and got 81 magnets as a result ; they 'd all easily fit inside a cigarette packet , if not for the fact that they 'd roll it up into a ball if you tried .
But it 's a respectable collection , nonetheless .
There 's an assortment of rods , discs , rectangular prisms and spheres , and there are only three of the usual flat - banana - shaped surplus hard drive magnets .
Those magnets are massively strong , just like any other neodymium , but their odd shape makes them unusually fragile .
Magnets of more Euclidean - solid shape are more useful .
The ForceField grab bags seem to be the cheapest way to get hold of these things , short of getting old dead hard drives for free and ripping them to bits .
But you can do that , too .
I 'll show you how in a moment .
First - feats of strength .
Field strength
Any time people talk about super - powerful magnets they have to show pictures of big metal things dangling , so here some are .
That 's a 15 inch spanner hanging there along with the other ironware .
The sphere holding the main string of tools is only about two thirds of the way to holding its maximum load .
Getting the four tools in that string balanced was slightly tricky , but not because of any lack of magnet power .
These are a couple of little 3/8th inch disc magnets at work .
The one at the top could n't hold a lot more .
But whaddayawant from something smaller than the average button ?
ForceField have some more heavy - lifting pictures on their demo images page .
Magnetic field strength is measured with two units , the Gauss ( G ) and the Tesla ( T ) . 1T equals 10,000G .
The earth 's natural magnetic field is about 0.5G , depending on where you are - it's weaker at the equator and stronger at the poles .
It 's also slowly declining at the moment , which is something that it does periodically ; geological evidence shows that it 's actually reversed several times over the planet 's life .
The mental giants at the Institute for Creation Research use the decline of the field strength to prove that the planet 's only a few thousand years old .
In case you 're wondering , this , like various other of their proofs , does n't stand up too well .
But I digress .
The strongest cheap ferrite magnets have a field strength at their poles of around 1000G , or 0.1T .
NIB rare earth magnets , on the other hand , have surface field strength of about 1T .
Ten times stronger .
The size of a magnet has a lot to do with the perceived strength of its field , though .
None of these magnets are very big , so that inverse - cube - law field strength reduction bites into their power quite quickly .
Chisel the huge ferrite disc magnet off the back of a large dead speaker ( if it was n't dead before you started chiselling , it sure will be when you 've finished ) and you 'll have a magnet with only about 1000G field strength , measured at the peak strength areas on its poles .
It 's a ferrite .
That 's all you get .
But big speaker magnets commonly weigh more than a kilogram and are several inches across .
The peak strength areas at the poles are thus already a few inches away from the middle of the magnet 's field .
In this case , you can move another few inches away and still have 1/8th field strength .
So if you wave one of these big magnets over a pile of nails , they 'll leap up to stick to it from several inches away .
Take a 1 - Tesla - field - strength neodymium magnet the size of a button , though , and the peak field areas on the outside of the magnet will only be a couple of millimetres away from the middle of the field .
Now moving just another couple of millimetres away gives you 1/8th field strength .
Field close to magnet stronger ; field far from magnet weaker .
That said , 1T power is still pretty darn impressive .
Most current - model Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) machines only have about 1.5 Tesla field strength , for comparison .
The reason why an MRI machine is a giant contraption that needs liquid nitrogen cooling , rather than a neat little metal - plated lump that you can buy over the Internet , is twofold .
It 's partly because the MRI machine is also a sensitive radio receiver , detecting the radio - frequency energy emitted by the magnetic nuclei in the patient 's body when they interact with a strong magnetic field .
But it 's mainly because a 1.5 Tesla MRI machine is creating a 1.5 Tesla field over a large enough volume that a patient can be stuck into said field .
( Actually , the coolant around the magnets in an MRI machine is liquid helium ; liquid nitrogen is in the outer , warmer vessel of older - model MRI cryostats . )
By the same token , junkyard car - lifting electromagnets only have about 1T field strength , but they generate that field over a big enough volume that their total lifting capacity , for conveniently steel - bodied cars , is massive .
The coils under their protective armour draw at least a few kilowatts , and maybe considerably more - 20 kW is n't out of the question for a big car - lifter .
You 're not going to be lifting any Toyotas with a five buck magnet from anywhere .
Nails will hop up only about an inch to hit the strongest of the magnets in the Force Field grab bags .
In contrast , ferromagnetic objects of all types will fly across a room to make friends with an MRI machine , as occasional accidents attest .
Because of their limited field size , small neodymium super - magnets like these ones are n't actually much of a problem to deal with , at least as far as messing up your monitors and erasing your credit cards and wiping your video tapes and being hit by flying spanners goes .
Yes , when I had one in my back pocket , I at one point found myself unexpectedly attached to the washing machine .
But the rapid diminution of the field strength means that you can hold the strongest of these magnets - the three spheres end - to - end , for instance - in your hand and wave them around a mere foot and a half from a computer monitor , and notice only slight image distortion and discolouration .
Move the magnets further away and the effect vanishes .
Touch those same magnets directly to the screen , mind you , and they 'll magnetise the heck out of the shadow mask and leave you degaussing until practically all of the world 's cows have come home , had a nice sleep and gone away again .
I own a degaussing wand ...
... but I am not confident enough of my skill with it to deliberately Magna - Doodle all over a monitor just so you can see what it looks like .
Sorry .
Quite big rare earth magnets can be had , if you want more field range .
There 's this one , for instance , which only has about 1.1 times the volume of a ping - pong ball , but which Force Field warn you not to buy unless you 're confident that you know how not to crush , blind or mangle yourself with it .
As far as terrestrial magnetic fields go , 1T is quite strong , but it ain't much by the standards of the universe .
Neutron stars and pulsars ( which are spinning neutron stars ) have magnetic fields .
If they were made of nothing but neutrons then they would n't , but they 've also got superconducting superfluid protons and various other exotic forms of matter , so they have .
They get just about the whole magnetic field of the normal star they once were , squished into their city - sized diameter .
The magnetic field strength on the surface of a pulsar has to be at least several million Tesla , and may range as high as a thousand million Tesla .
That 's more than strong enough to seriously deform electron orbits and make matter do very , very strange things , regardless of whether it's the sort of matter that normally cares about magnetic fields or not .
This magnetic field would certainly kill anybody who tried to land on a pulsar .
Except for the fact that they'd have been very conclusively killed already by radiation and / or gravity gradient .
Plus , landing on something that 's spinning fast enough that its surface whips past at kilometres per second - in some cases , thousands of kilometres per second - presents a bit of a challenge in itself .
But , again , I digress .
Drive magnets
Want free rare earth magnets ?
Got a dead hard drive ?
You 're in business .
What , you might be wondering , are super - strong magnets doing inside a magnetic storage device ?
You 're meant to keep magnets away from your drives , are n't you ?
Well , yes , you are .
A sufficiently strong magnetic field across the storage surfaces can destroy data in short order .
And , since the drive platters spin rapidly , a magnet sitting on one side of them will present a nice oscillating field over the whole disk , from the platters ' point of view .
But this is one of those situations like putting metal in a microwave oven .
Popular wisdom is " Do n't do it , ever " , but that 's only because the situations in which you can do it safely are complex enough that it's not a good idea to tell all and sundry about them , in case they get it wrong .
Hard drive manufacturers know it 's OK to put magnets in a hard drive .
Which is good , because no modern drive would work without one .
Old hard drives use stepper motors for their head positioning .
Stepper motors rotate by one precisely defined small amount - one " step " - every time they 're fed a current pulse .
Which makes them a good way to make something like a hard drive read / write assembly move by the small steps needed to position it accurately over tracks on the drive .
Steppers are slow , though , and they 're position - sensitive ( the heads will end up in a slightly different place if the drive 's tilted ) , and they 're sensitive to temperature changes , and they wear out .
An alternative head motor design , which is used by all drives these days , is the voice coil .
There 's a coil next to a permanent magnet ; when current 's passed through the coil , it creates its own magnetic field , which interacts with the static field from the permanent magnet , and moves the head arm one way or the other depending on the direction of the current .
This motor design is n't at all precise , so there are " servo tracks " on the drive platters , which the heads read to allow the drive to tell where they are .
That information lets the drive use a feedback mechanism to get very good precision .
Presto , cheap super - high - track - density commodity hard drives .
Voice coil motors are better than steppers , because they have no temperature or position sensitivity to speak of , they 're fast , there are no motor bearings to wear out , and they cost less .
The reason why these motors are called voice coils is that the early ones had the same straightforward cylindrical design as the voice coils in speakers .
So that 's the name they got .
Then came various curved - magnet designs , but nowadays consumer drives all have simple swing - arm motor arrangements , with flat bent magnets that 're magnetised lengthwise - with a pole at each end .
If you 've got yourself a dud hard drive that you 'd like to relieve of its magnets , it 's easy enough to do .
You 'll very probably need a Torx ( " star " ) screwdriver set to get into the drive .
You can engage Torx screws with Allen keys or a flathead driver of appropriate width , but that 's not an optimal solution .
Fortunately ,
Torx quarter - inch hex bits will do the job , and are cheap ; you need just one hex bit driver to match , and they 're cheap too .
All it took to get the lid off this 1.2Gb Seagate was peeling off the sealing tape around the sides .
Built for combat , this drive was not .
But the parts inside are attached with Torx screws .
Commodity hard drives these days are n't the big - magnets goldmine that old voice coil drives were ; if you can find yourself a 5.25 inch full - height voice coil monster drive , you 'll get better magnets out of it .
Advancing technology has allowed the manufacturers to make do with fewer and smaller magnets .
Inside the Seagate there 's just one magnet - it 's the thing above the coppery voice coil , here .
Here 's the head assembly and magnet bracket removed from the drive .
You have to remove the platters to remove the head assembly .
Just unscrew everything in sight and it's easy enough to slide out the platters , which frees the heads and lets you lift everything out .
The two - piece magnet holder in this drive was , as usual , held together only by the strength of the magnet - but that 's plenty .
The holder effectively contains the magnetic field to the small gap that the voice coil sits in ; there 's a little magnetism on the outside of the holder , but it can barely hold a paper clip against gravity .
This is why the magnet does n't damage data , despite being right next to the platters .
The magnet in this drive is attached to its base plate with a few dots of glue , some little locating nubbins , and , once again , its own bodacious magnetic field .
There 's nothing wrong with leaving a hard drive magnet attached to its base plate , if you do n't need both sides of it uncovered .
The steel plate makes the magnet much less prone to breakage .
NIB magnets are brittle , and flat thin hard drive magnets commonly snap while people are playing with them .
Here 's another hard drive magnet assembly , with four separate magnets this time .
These are neodymium magnets without any protective plating ; under the shiny plating , all neodymiums look like ordinary ferrites .
Because it 's so easy to get magnets out of hard drives , there are lots of these things in the surplus market .
ForceField have a few of them .
Hard drive magnets have their uses , but less fragile shapes are better for many applications .
Like what , I hear you ask .
Stuff to do
Apart from making all of your magnetic science experiments work the way they 're meant to ( NIBs make it easier to push a grape , and they bounce better , too ) , there are useful things you can do with rare earth magnets .
No , really , there are .
I 've used the things as general hold - downs for things that I want to sit still on a ferromagnetic surface .
I 've used one to make a magnetic latch for a window screen .
I 've also used them as screw holders - pretty much any magnet will do for holding screws removed from some gadget you 're taking apart , of course , but with a NIB magnet you just have to toss the screw vaguely near the magnet and it'll leap onto it .
You can use NIB magnets to hang tools from , as shown above , but they can work as an impromptu tool belt as well .
Instead of dropping that pointy screwdriver into your pocket , where it 'll do its best to make a hole in the lining and , subsequently , you , you can put a magnet in your pocket instead .
Now , you can stick the screwdriver to the outside of your jeans .
And it'll danged well stay there , too .
As will rather larger objects .
Use of mystic voodoo words and magic hand - movements as you adhere tools to your clothing may be called for , depending on the size and gullibility of your audience .
Those who appreciate bodily adornment can adhere a ferromagnetic bauble to their earlobe - or any other fairly thin body part - by putting a little NIB magnet on the other side .
Use a couple of the big spheres on either side of your hand and you look like a very hard - core body modifier .
Use big magnets on your ears and you will shortly look like an incompetent boxer .
There are , of course , lots of other experiments , simple and complex , you can try .
Done with ferrite or alnico or simple steel magnets , they 're underwhelming .
Done with NIBs , they really work .
This is only scratching the surface of things that can be done with powerful magnets .
If you want to make your own permanent magnet electric motor ( which can be very simple ) or alternator , neodymiums will make it work better than any other kind of magnet .
Want to play with diamagnetic levitation ?
Can do .
Do you prefer superconductor levitation ?
No problem .
And then there 's art .
You can make sculptures out of rare earth rod magnets and steel ball bearings ; there 's a toy that works this way , too .
And then there 's magnetic braking .
Move a high - powered magnet around on a thick non-magnetic conductive surface - a slab of aluminium or copper , for instance - and you can easily feel magnetic braking at work .
The stronger the magnet and the more metal there is ( the base of a chunky CPU cooler is an excellent candidate for this experiment , and I 've got a few of those kicking around ... ) , the stronger the " syrupy " feeling you 'll get .
The magnet is n't attracted to or repelled from the surface , but it just does n't want to move .
The reason this happens has to do with Lenz 's Law .
When the magnetic field around a conductor changes - because it 's being moved past a magnet , for instance , or because a magnet is being moved past it - a current is induced in that conductor .
This happens even if the conductor is just a chunk of metal that you 're holding in your hand .
Lenz 's
Law states that the current induced in a conductor by a changing magnetic field will flow such that it will produce its own magnetic field which opposes the original change in the external magnetic field .
So , basically , when a conductor moves relative to a magnet , the current induced in that conductor tries to stop it from moving .
The bigger the field change - because of a stronger field , or faster movement - the stronger the braking force due to Lenz 's Law will be .
I 've got a piece of aluminium tubing with a half - inch outside diameter and a 3/8th inch bore , which happens to just neatly fit the little disc magnets from the Force Field grab bags .
The tube 's 157 cm long .
Drop these disc magnets , or pretty much anything else , from a height of 157 cm and they 'll take about 0.57 seconds to hit the ground , thanks to the 9.8 metres per second per second acceleration of gravity .
A couple of the discs stuck together ( to stop them tumbling ) and dropped down the tube , though , take almost exactly 30 seconds to emerge from the other end .
Magnetic braking .
Magnetic braking is used for oscillation - damping purposes in all sorts of things .
You 'll find magnetic dampers on laboratory balances , for instance ; a simple aluminium or copper tag on the end of the balance arm , moving between two strong magnets attached to the balance 's frame , is the perfect way to stop the balance from oscillating for ages before settling on a reading .
You could damp the pivot point mechanically instead , but then it could stick in a slightly off - balance state .
Magnetic damping has no stickiness .
Before strong enough magnets to make magnetic damping practical were available , scientists had to be able to read the centre point of an oscillating balance .
It was normal to take your reading before the thing had stopped swinging .
Magnetic dampers are used in a variety of other hardware , too .
Turntable tone arms , for instance - generally the ones that look like part of an electron microscope .
And better surveying telescopes , which need to be , and stay , level .
Not to mention , of course , home - made seismometers .
Seriously .
And some rather larger gadgets .
And then there 's magic .
Magicians like to refer to neodymium and samarium cobalt magnets as psycho-kinetic or " PK " magnets , because those are the sorts of tricks they 're commonly used in .
ForceField have a list of serious and not - so - serious magnet uses here .
Oh yes .
There 's also ...
Ferrofluid
Ferrofluid is , to use the proper scientific term , freaky .
It 's a colloidal suspension of minuscule ( roughly ten nanometre ) magnetite particles in a liquid base .
In English , that means it 's magnetic liquid .
It 's possible to make the stuff yourself , but normal humans will do better to buy some .
I ordered a 100 ml bottle for $ US30 plus shipping from Educational Innovations , who sell all sorts of things that science teachers need .
Or do n't need , but want anyway , because if you 're going to have to deal with annoying teenagers all day for not enough money , you might as well play with some cool toys by way of compensation .
In the absence of a magnetic field , this Ferrotec EFH1 ferrofluid looks like rather runny black machine oil .
It 's only got a viscosity of 6 centa - Poise ( cP ) at 27 degrees Centigrade ; water 's viscosity is a hair over 1 cP .
Put a magnet under it , though ...
... and things get weird .
The interaction of the magnetic field , the surface tension of the ferrofluid and gravity results in the formation of stable spikes of liquid .
The spikes are still liquid - touch one and you 'll just get an oily finger - but if you do n't move the magnet , they look like a solid sculpture .
The stronger the field , the smaller the spikes .
In the weedy field from a ferrite magnet you 'll get just a smooth mound of fluid with a few spikes where the field is strongest , but the spikes get a lot smaller when you 're playing with one of the bigger neodymium magnets .
Here , the ferrofluid's on a china plate , and the two flat hard drive magnets from the ForceField collection are under the plate ( and stuck quite firmly to it by their attraction to the fluid ) .
The drive magnets have a very intense field close to their surface , so the spikes are tiny .
This is the three large spherical magnets , stuck together end to end and lying under the plate .
A fairly strong field at each end with a noticeable tendency towards the other end , and a weak field from the ball in the middle .
Three doughnut magnets in a row .
Not a very strong field , but interesting lobes .
Ferrofluids are weak magnetic materials - they have a low " saturation magnetisation " .
The saturation magnetisation , measured in Gauss , is the maximum value of the magnetic moment per unit volume when all the domains are aligned .
In English , it 's how strong the attraction will be between a given substance and a magnet of a given strength .
This ferrofluid 's got saturation magnetisation value of 400G , compared with 17,000G for iron .
With a neodymium magnet pulling on it , though , 400G saturation magnetisation is quite enough to make ferrofluid defy gravity .
Some smaller neodymiums in a test tube , lined up to attract the magnets that are already hanging from the bottom of the plate in which the ferrofluid 's sitting .
Ferrofluid flows upwards in a , frankly , fairly disturbing way , until equilibrium is reached .
Let the test tube down until it touches the plate and you get this " frozen splash " spike formation .
Lift the tube up again and it's got its own little spiky Afro .
The base liquid in this ferrofluid is mineral oil , so it wo n't evaporate noticeably , unless you wait a really long time .
On the down side , the stuff coats every surface it comes into contact with , and you can't magically haul it off that surface with a magnet .
Not quickly , anyway .
Leave it for a while , though , and most of the ferrofluid on a surface will migrate towards a nearby field .
This petri dish and its lid were well coated with ferrofluid after I 'd been playing with magnets above and below it , but a day later when I took this picture , all but a thin film had been sucked in to the magnet I left stuck to the bottom of the dish .
Still pictures are all very well ; you 've really got to see the stuff in motion , though .
Accordingly , feel free to download this 986 kilobyte MPG clip of me waving a magnet around under the petri dish .
In case you 're wondering what the heck this stuff is good for , the answer is : Lots of things .
You 'll see ferrofluid referred to a lot when people talk about hi- fi speaker drivers , because it 's used as a damper fluid to reduce unwanted resonances , and for cooling too - the fluid conducts heat from the coil to the magnet structure much better than a plain air gap would .
The strong magnetic field in the voice coil gap of a speaker driver is more than adequate to hold the ferrofluid in place .
Ferrofluid damping is used in various CD - ROM and DVD - ROM drive pickup actuators , too .
If you want to seal a rotating shaft with a pressure differential across the seal , or in a high - speed situation where you really do n't want dust getting in , you can use ferrofluid , retained by a magnet around the seal point , as a " liquid O- ring " that wo n't wear out .
Ferrofluid based on a volatile carrier liquid can be used to trace magnetic fields in things - you can paint it onto a magnetic tape , for instance , wait for the carrier to evaporate , and then microscopically examine the particle pattern that 's left .
There 's no shortage of scientists playing with " smart fluids " .
Incidentally , since this stuff ended up costing me about one Australian dollar per cubic centimetre , I was interested to see how much of it I could recover from a fluid - covered plate that had already dripped about all it was going to drip .
The stuff behaves like oil and can be cleaned off surfaces with the oil - cutting volatile solvent of your choice , but I wondered whether doing this would damage the surfactant on the magnetite particles , or otherwise screw up the colloidal suspension .
So after taking various of the above pictures and draining off most of the oil , I washed off the plate I was using with electronic cleaning solvent , decanting the result into a spray - can cap .
The dilute ferrofluid / solvent mixture still reacted to a magnet , but not at all strongly - a vague mound of fluid following the magnet around was the best it managed .
I evaporated the solvent by floating the container in a saucepan of boiling water .
When the mixture stopped bubbling , I took it off the heat and tested it again .
Result - lots of lovely little spikes .
It seemed to be good as new .
Mind you , a great big splodge of ferrofluid on a plate only yielded maybe one cubic centimetre , at most , of recovered liquid .
But if you 're clowning around with the stuff all the time , then you might as well not end up throwing away lots and lots of expensive black magnetic paper towels .
If you want to see some more artistic ferrofluid fooling , check out this , this and this .
It 's like a real - world screensaver .
Field viewing film
Related to ferrofluid but less freaky - and cheaper , and less messy - is this stuff .
It 's magnetic field viewing film , and here it 's sitting on top of a few NIB cylinders .
Where the magnetic field through the film is strong , the translucent film turns dark .
Where there 's no field , it stays its native green colour .
A ring of the big sphere magnets ( Forcefield kindly sent me a couple more of them along with this film , and some other bits and pieces ) .
A ring of little spheres , surrounded by the tracks left by waving the film around over the magnets .
The film holds whatever field image it last saw , so you can draw Magna Doodle patterns on it if you like .
Field viewing film behaves as it does because it contains a colloidal ferromagnetic slurry ( another flavour of ferrofluid , basically ) , held in place by " gelatinous membranes " .
When the nickel particles are floating free they let a reasonable amount of light through ; when they glom together in a magnetic field , they look dark .
The film 's cheap ( three US bucks for a three - inch square from Forcefield ; $ US12 for a six inch square ) , and it reacts satisfyingly to quite mild fields .
Dragging the edge of a fridge magnet across it left this pattern .
I managed to get noticeable intensity changes with a very dinky electromagnet , made out of a hook - up lead wound a few times around a spare AA battery and powered by four more flat rechargeable AAs .
And sitting the film on top of some old ferrite magnets revealed otherwise invisible irregularities in their fields .
So this stuff could easily be used to detect current flow in a wire , or for easy magnetic product quality control .
Forcefield have a page with more viewing film pictures , here .
Daft ideas
For as long as the mystic power of magnets has been known , people have been trying to do more mystic things with them than are actually possible .
Rare earth magnets make a lot of independent thinkers very excited .
First , there are all of the medical applications .
Lots of people believe in using magnetic bracelets and bandages and insoles and who knows what else to cure what ails 'em , and what ails their animals , too .
A Web search with the right combination of words ( like this one , for instance ) will give you magna - therapy sites galore .
People even use the things to help them deal with pain from cancer .
This article claims that Americans manage to spend half a billion US bucks a year on therapeutic magnet products .
Well , at least part of that must be because " medical magnets " tend to cost a lot more than apparently identical - or , often , more powerful - ones from places like ForceField .
There 's not much reason to believe that the things actually have any non-placebo effect in humans or animals , despite occasional positive studies , but if you 're going to do it , you might as well do it the cheap way .
Oh , and magnets will make you live forever , too .
Well , OK , maybe not , but Alex Chiu 's not dead yet , is he ?
And he 's a celebrity !
Personally , I think The Onion said it best .
If you do n't believe magnets 'll prolong your life , there are plenty of other crackpot theories involving them .
Fuel and water treatment , for instance .
Strap magnets onto water pipes and / or fuel lines , watch your water get cleaner or your car run further on a tank of petrol .
Magnets can be useful in engine - preserving applications ; a magnetic sump plug will collect any stray metal shavings in the engine oil , for instance .
But that 's not the idea , here .
Something much more mysterious is meant to be going on , at the molecular level .
ForceField have a page about magnetic water treatment , but it 's not about how they believe in it - it's about how you can build a magnet - doohickey using their products that 's far more powerful than far more expensive commercial units .
Whatever , if anything , the commercial units do , you can do for a lot less .
Fair enough .
Similarly , if you just know you can make a perpetual motion machine if you just put enough darn gears in there , and maybe another three gyroscopes and an endless belt with sponges on it , you might as well get the magnets for your contraption from a place that wo n't charge you too much for 'em .
The proprietors of ForceField seem to believe in the Laws of Thermodynamics , but if you have different ideas , they 'll sell you whatever you want .
Mind you , if that 's really your goal , it seems a lot easier to get rich by just following these simple instructions , which explain how to make people think you 've invented perpetual motion and / or free energy , without the tiresome requirement that you actually do it .
Get some !
If you 're sitting there wondering why you read to the end of this page , and have not the slightest urge to crack an old hard drive or buy yourself a bargain bag or two , that 's OK .
But everyone I know really digs these things .
If you like playing with ( relatively ) cheap things that would have been priceless 20 years ago - five dollar lasers , gigahertz CPUs , super - bright LEDs - then allow me to highly recommend a little bag of rare earth magnets as a fine addition to your fiddle - toy arsenal .
Heck , you may even find them useful .
ForceField 's site
And then , there 's this
I could tell you what this is , but you might as well just click here .
From , Thompson , W.C. , Taroni , F & Aitken , C.G. ,
How the probability of a false positive affects the value of DNA evidence .
Extracted , with permission from the Journal of Forensic Sciences , Vol. 48 , No. 1 , ( Jan. 2003 ) , Copyright ASTM International , 100 Barr Harbor Drive , PO Box C700 , West Conshohocken , PA 19428-2959 .
Errors Happen
When DNA evidence was first introduced , a number of experts testified that false positives are impossible in DNA testing ( 6 , 8 ) .
This claim is now broadly recognized as wrong in principle ( 1 , 9 - 12 ) and it has repeatedly proven wrong in practice ( 3 , 13 , 14 ) .
But it has been mentioned frequently , without skepticism , in appellate court opinions ( 6 , 8 ) .
Why did experts offer this questionable testimony ?
One commentator has suggested that avid proponents of DNA evidence sought to allay judicial concerns about the potential for error by engaging in “ a sinister semantic game ” ( 8 ) .
They were able to deny that a DNA test could produce an error by excluding consideration of human error in administering or interpreting the test .
Sinister or not , it is misleading to exclude considerations of human error in DNA testing when humans are necessarily involved in the administration and interpretation of DNA tests .
For those who must evaluate DNA evidence , it makes little difference what causes a false match , what matters is how often false matches might be expected ( 9 , 15 ) .
False positives have occurred in proficiency tests ( 2 , 3 , 11 , 13 , 16 ) and in actual cases ( 14 , 17 ) .
For example , the Philadelphia City Crime Laboratory recently admitted that it had accidentally switched the reference samples of the defendant and victim in a rape case .
The error led the laboratory to issue a report that mistakenly stated that the defendant was a potential contributor of what the analysts took to be “ seminal stains ” on the victim ’s clothing ( 18 ) .
The report also stated that the defendant ’s profile was “ included ” in a mixed sample taken from vaginal swabs .
After the sample switch came to light , the laboratory reassessed the evidence and concluded that the “ seminal stains ” were actually bloodstains that matched the victim ’s DNA profile and that the defendant was excluded as a potential contributor to the vaginal sample ( 19 ) .
In 1995 , Cellmark Diagnostics admitted that a similar sample - switch error had caused it to report , incorrectly , that a rape defendant ’s DNA profile matched DNA found in vaginal aspirate from a rape victim .
After the error came to light during the defendant ’s trial , Cellmark issued a revised report that stated that the vaginal sample matched the victim ’s own DNA profile and that the defendant was excluded as a potential donor ( 20 ) .
False positives can also arise due to misinterpretation of test results .
One such error led to the false conviction of Timothy Durham ( 14 , 17 ) .
In 1993 a Tulsa Oklahoma jury convicted Durham of the rape of an 11 - year - old girl .
He was sentenced to 3000 years in prison .
The prosecution presented three pieces of evidence against him : the young victim ’s eyewitness identification , testimony that Durham ’s hair was similar ( in microscopic examination ) to hair found at the crime scene , and a DNA test ( DQ - alpha ) that reportedly showed that Durham ’s genotype matched that of the semen donor .
Durham presented eleven witnesses who placed him in another state at the time of the crime , but the jury rejected his alibi defense .
Fortunately for Durham , post - conviction DNA testing showed that he did not share the DQ - alpha genotype found in the semen .
He was also excluded at several other genetic loci in multiple tests .
The initial DNA test result that helped convict Durham was proven to have been a false positive .
The error arose from misinterpretation .
The laboratory had failed to completely separate male from female DNA during differential extraction of the semen stain .
The victim ’s alleles , when combined with those of the true rapist , produced an apparent genotype that matched Durham’s .
The laboratory mistook this mixed profile for a single source result , and thereby falsely incriminated an innocent man .
Durham was released from prison in 1997 ( 14 ) .
Although experience has shown that false positives can occur , the rate at which they occur is difficult to estimate on the basis of existing data .
Most laboratories participate in periodic proficiency tests , which can cast some light on the potential for error .
European forensic laboratories have carried out collaborative exercises involving analysis of stains from known sources ( 21 - 26 ) .
However , this work is designed more to test the uniformity of DNA test results among laboratories using the same protocol than to determine the rate of errors .
In the United States , TWGDAM guidelines call for each analyst to take two proficiency tests each year ( 27 ) and proficiency testing is a requirement for laboratory certification under the program administered by ASCLAD - LAB ( 28 ) .
However , these tests generally are not well designed for estimating the rate of false positives .
The tests typically are not blind ( i.e. , the analysts know they are being tested ) , they involve limited numbers of samples , and the samples may be easier to analyze than those encountered in routine casework .
In 1992 a report of the National Research Council called for more extensive proficiency testing , declaring that “ laboratory error rates must be continually estimated in blind proficiency testing and must be disclosed to juries . ” ( 1 ) .
The NRC called for external , blind proficiency tests “ that are truly representative of case materials ( with respect to sample quality , accompanying description , etc. ) ” .
Thereafter , the Federal DNA Identification
Act of 1994 required the director of the National Institute of Justice ( NIJ ) to report to Congress on the feasibility of establishing an external blind proficiency testing program for DNA laboratories .
But the move toward external blind proficiency testing lost momentum when the NIJ director raised a number of practical concerns .
It was dealt another blow by the 1996 report of the National Research Council , which downplayed the need for proficiency testing .
The 1996 NRC report suggested that the problem of laboratory error be addressed through a variety of means , and concluded that the best way to safeguard against error is to allow re-testing of samples ( 28 ) .
References 1 . Natl. Res. Councl .
DNA Technology in Forensic Science .
Washington , D.C. : National Academy Press , 1992 .
2 . Thompson WC , Ford S.
The meaning of a match : Sources of ambiguity in the interpretation of DNA prints .
In : Farley J , Harrington J , editors .
Forensic DNA Technology .
New York : CRC Press , Inc , 1991 ; 3 . Thompson WC .
Subjective interpretation , laboratory error and the value of forensic DNA evidence : three cases studies .
Genetica 1995;96:153-68 .
4 . Taroni F , Aitken CGG .
Forensic science at trial .
Jurimetrics 1997;37:327-37 .
5 . Kaye DH , Sensabaugh GF .
Reference Guide on DNA Evidence .
In : Cecil J , editor .
Reference Manual on Scientific Evidence .
Washington , D.C. : Federal Judicial Center , 2000 ;2:485-576 .
6 . Thompson WC .
Forensic DNA Evidence .
In : Black B , Lee P , editors .
Expert Evidence : A Practitioner 's Guide to Law , Science and the FJC Manual .
St. Paul , Minn. : West Group , 1997;195-266 .
7 . Jerome Smith v. State .
Southern Reporter , Alabama Court of Criminal Appeals , 1995;677:1240 -48 .
8 . Koehler JJ. Error and exaggeration in the presentation of DNA evidence .
Jurimetrics 1993;34:21 -39 .
9 . Kaye D. DNA evidence : probability , population genetics , and the courts .
Harv J Law Technol 1993 ;7:101-72 . 10 . Jonakait RN .
Stories , forensic science and improved verdicts .
Cardozo L Rev 1991 ;13:343-52 . 11 . Koehler JJ. DNA matches and statistics : important questions , surprising answers .
Judicature 1993;76:222-9 . 12 . Thompson WC .
Comment .
In Roeder K. , DNA fingerprinting : a review of the controversy .
Stat Sci 1994 ;9:263-6. 13 .
Koehler JJ .
The random match probability in DNA evidence : irrelevant and prejudicial ?
Jurimetrics 1995;35:201-19 . 14 . Thompson WC .
Accepting Lower Standards : The National Research Council 's Second Report on Forensic DNA Evidence .
Jurimetrics 1997;37(4):405-24 . 15 . Mueller L. The use of DNA typing in forensic science .
Acct in Res 1993 ; 3:1- 13 . 16 .
Roeder K. DNA fingerprinting : a review of the controversy .
Stat Sci 1994;9:222-47 . 17 . Scheck B , Neufeld P , Dwyer F. Actual Innocence .
New York : Doubleday , 2000 .
18 . Brenner L , Pfleeger B. Investigation of the Sexual Assault of Danah H. Philadelphia ( PA ) : Philadelphia Police Department DNA Identification Laboratory ; 1999 Sept. 24 . Lab No. : 97-70826 . 19 . Brenner L , Pfleeger B. Amended Report : Investigation of the Sexual Assault of Danah H. Philadelphia ( PA ) : Philadelphia Police Department DNA Identification Laboratory ; 2000 Feb. 7 . Lab No. : 97-70826 . 20 . Cotton RW , Word C. Amended Report of Laboratory Examination .
Germantown ( MD ) : Cellmark Diagnostics ; 1995 Nov 20 .
Case No. : F951078 . 21 . Schneider PM , Fimmers R , Woodroffe S , Werrett DJ , Bär W , Brinkmann B , et al .
Report of a European collaborative exercise comparing DNA typing results using a single locus VNTR probe .
Forensic Sci Intl 1991;49:1-15 . 22 . Gill P , Woodroffe S , Bar W , Brinkmann B , Carracedo A , Eriksen B , et al .
A report of an international collaborative experiment to demonstrate the uniformity obtainable using DNA profiling techniques .
Forensic Sci Intl 1992;53:29 - 43 . 23 .
Gill P , Kimpton C , D'Aloja E , Anderson JF , Bar W , Brinkmann B , et al .
Report of the European profiling group ( EDNAP ) - Towards standardisation of short tandem repeat ( STR ) loci .
Forensic Sci Intl 1994;65:51 - 9. 24 .
Kimpton C , Gill P , D'Aloja E , Anderson JF , Bar W , Holgersson S , et al .
Report on the second collaborative STR exercise .
Forensic Sci Intl 1995 ;71:137-52 . 25 .
Wiegand P , Amgach E , Augustin C , Bratzke H , Cremer U , Edelman J , et al. GEDNAP IV and V .
The 4th and 5th stain blind trials using DNA technology .
Intl J Legal Med 1995 ; 108:79 - 84 . 26 .
Anderson JF , Martin P , Carracedo A , Dobosz M , Eriksen B , Johnsson V , et al .
Report on the third EDNAP collaborative STR exercise .
Forensic Science International 1996;78:83-93 . 27 .
Technical Working Group on DNA Analysis Methods ( TWGDAM ) .
Established guidelines for a quality assurance program for DNA testing laboratories ; including RFLP and PCR technologies .
Crime Lab Dig 1995 ; 18:44 -75 . 28 .
Natl Res Councl .
The Evaluation of Forensic DNA Evidence .
Washington , D.C. : National Academy Press , 1996 . 29 .
Balding DJ . Errors and misunderstandings in the second NRC report .
Jurimetrics 1997;37:469-76 . 30 .
Thompson WC .
DNA Evidence in the O.J. Simpson Trial .
U Colorado L Rev 1996;67(4) :827-57 . 31 .
People v. Venegas : California Reporter , California Supreme Court , 1998 ; 18:47 - 88 . 32 .
Aitken CGG .
Statistics and the Evaluation of Evidence for Forensic Scientists .
Chichester : J. Wiley & Sons , 1995 .
33 . Schum DA . Evidential Foundations of Probabilistic Reasoning .
New York : John Wiley & Sons , 1994 .
34 . Robertson B , Vignaux GA . Interpreting Evidence .
Evaluating Forensic Science in the Courtroom .
Chichester : J. Wiley & Sons , 1995 .
35 . Lempert RO .
Modeling Relevance .
Michigan L Rev 1975;75:1021-101. 36 .
Friedman RD .
Answering the Bayesioskeptical Challenge .
Intl J Evid Proof 1997 ; 1:276-8. 37 .
Ceci SJ , Friedman RD .
The Suggestibility of Children : Scientific Research and Legal Implications .
Cornell L Rev 2000 ;86(1):33 -108 . 38 .
Schlup v. Delo : United States Reports , U.S. Supreme Court , 1995 ; 513:298-322. 39 .
Thompson WC , Schumann EL .
Interpretation of statistical evidence in criminal trials :
The prosecutor 's fallacy and the defense attorney 's fallacy .
Law Hum Behav 1987 ;11:167-87 . 40 .
Donnelly P , Friedman RD. DNA database searches and the legal consumption of scientific evidence .
Michigan L Rev 1999;97:931-84 . 41 . Leonard J. Using DNA to trawl for killers .
Los Angeles Times 2001 Mar 10 ; Sect. A:1 ( col . 1 ) . 42 .
Balding DJ , Donnelly P. Evaluating DNA profile evidence when the suspect is identified through a database search .
J Forensic Sci 1996 ;41( 4) :603 - 7. 43 .
Koehler JJ .
Why DNA likelihood ratios should account for error ( even when a national research council report says they should not ) .
Jurimetrics 1997;37:425-37 . 44 .
Peterson JL , Gaensslen RE .
Developing criteria for model external DNA proficiency testing : Final Report .
Chicago ( IL ) : University of Illinois at Chicago ; 2001 May. 45 . Schum DA , DuCharme WM .
Comments on the relationship between the impact and the reliability of evidence .
Org Behav Human Perf 1971;6:111-31 .
Death of Y may spawn new human species
ABC Science Online
The pending demise of the Y chromosome could give rise to a whole new species of human , a professor of comparative genomics says .
Scientists have been speculating about the demise of the Y chromosome for some years now but Professor Jenny Graves of the Australian National University in Canberra has come up with a bold new twist on the theory .
Graves , who has been working on sex chromosomes in marsupials , will present her theory at the 11th International Congress of Genetics in Brisbane today .
She will tell the conference that new ' male making ' genes on other chromosomes could step up to do the job of the Y chromosome 's SRY gene , which is the key to making males male .
But this could mean men without Y chromosomes would split off from those with , eventually evolving into a new species of hominid .
" It 's quite possible that you could make new hominid species that way , " she says .
When two populations become two species
Graves says men without a Y chromosome would be largely infertile .
But a small number would reproduce and pass the new sex determining gene to their children .
Eventually the group with the new gene would separate from the Y gene group , potentially evolving into a new species , she says .
" [ The two groups ] could n't mate with each other so they'd get gradually different , just like chimpanzees and humans gradually became different 5 million years ago , " she says .
" When two populations become two species there 's generally there 's some sort of wedge driven between them so they can't mate with each other .
" It might be a mountain range ... but it might be something fundamental like the way they determine sex has flipped to some new way . "
15 million years and counting
Graves says there are only 45 working genes left on the Y chromosome from " a grand total " of 1400 .
It also contains a lot of ' pseudo genes ' , which look like they should work but do n't , suggesting they 've recently become defunct .
According to her projections the Y chromosome will disappear altogether in 15 million years .
This will occur because unlike the other coupled genes , the single Y chromosome can't recombine with a matching partner and is less able to refresh itself .
Mutations will build up and the mutated genes will eventually drop off the chromosome because they no longer perform any useful function .
Graves says this has already happened in the case of the mole vole , an aggressive little rodent that appears male and is able to reproduce despite having lost its Y chromosome .
XX men
Australian researcher Professor Andrew Sinclair , of Murdoch Childrens Research Institute , is researching so - called XX men , or the roughly one in 150,000 men who are born without a Y chromosome .
" What it 's pointing to is the presence of new genes we have n't yet discovered to replace the ones on the Y chromosome , " Sinclair says .
Alternately , the " volume " of previously existing genes may have been " turned up " in the absence of the Y genes , he says .
Sinclair 's team is the first in the world to use new high - density gene chips to examine XX men in the hope of finding out which genes these are .
About 10 % of affected men also have a tiny portion of the Y chromosome stuck on their X chromosome which carries across the testis determining gene , he says .
Sinclair says Grave 's theory about a new human species could make sense " in a theoretical way " but is unlikely in reality .
" I do n't know about a whole new species of human but if you lost the Y chromosome completely males would have to evolve in some way to deal with it , " he says .
" If you have males without a Y chromosome I do n't think I 'd go as far as calling them a new species , but a new type of individual . "
Related Stories
As a life - long Democrat , I should be excited as the 2008 race for President of the United States begins .
I should be excited to talk with friends and family about how the Democrats are poised to take the White House back .
I should be gleeful at how helpful it has been that George Bush has made such a mess of things that any Republican candidate is going to be painted with the same Iraq war brush .
At this point my only problem should be , who will I put my energy behind , Clinton , Obama , Edwards , or Kucinich ?
But that is not happening .
I am already working to elect Republican Ron Paul for president in 2008 .
How on earth did an active Democrat make a whip - lash , 180 - degree turn to support a congressman from Texas , who says he 's a " Constitutionalist ? "
Let me explain .
As with a lot of things political , it starts right at home .
I started noticing contradictions .
I had held beliefs that were increasingly contradicted by my own observations in my day - to - day life .
For instance , a few years ago , our daughter got into some trouble with her credit cards .
She was taking out student loans to pay for her college education , and working in her spare time , but she succumbed to the temptation to sign up for credit cards , to help make ends meet .
Whenever her card balances got too high , there was another credit card offer telling her that she could transfer her balances and pay no interest for a year , or other " too good to pass up " offers .
She graduated from college , visited Europe and came home to find a job .
However , jobs in her chosen city were hard to come by .
The city , being a cool place to live , was flooded with young middle - class college graduates .
They all cycled in and out of jobs at Starbucks , restaurants , temp agencies , tried their hand at being nannies , and waiting for their break .
She waited and waited .
Her credit card bills mounted with sizable penalties inflicted for late payments , or over - limit fees .
Finally she landed a job through a friend , at a gourmet bakery and sandwich shop .
The wage seemed to be not bad , the food was very good .
Now she could quit worrying , relax and pay down her debts .
Of course , to make this little sad story short , she became one of the thousands and thousands of young people victimized by the predatory practices of the credit card industry , and their own naiveté and foolishness .
As we sorted out the mess our daughter had gotten herself into , I got educated on the credit card industry , and of course was shocked that our Congress would allow an industry to run amok like that .
I could understand the Republicans voting to separate a kid from his money , but why had the Democrats not stopped this ?
This was an utter contradiction .
I was at the time , a " naïve do - gooder , " even a " proud bleeding heart liberal . "
How could Democrats have let this credit card situation get so flagrantly out of hand !
Why had n't they done one of those filibuster things to stop this legislation , or introduced some bill to make the credit card industry be a good citizen , like it used to be , when I was a kid .
I vaguely could remember an interview on NPR with some legislator who had for years been trying to get legislation passed to do just this , but no other congressmen and women would support it , Democrat or Republican .
Why had n't I noticed back then ?
Why had n't I become outraged , politically active , started writing letters to my representatives ?
I always wanted to be a person who wrote to their representatives , but somehow , I never got around to it .
Why was that ?
I think the answer was , over the years I had become a lazy thinker .
I gravitated to simple answers to complex questions en lieu of paying close attention and doing my own thinking .
Doing one 's own thinking takes a lot more concentration , and you might not like what you findlike contradictions .
By the time we had a child in college , I had come to believe utterly that the Democrats were on regular people 's side and " Did Good , " and the Republicans were mean - spirited and tight with their precious money , and were off on the golf course loafing ( that was before golf became democratized ) , while their lawyers made them even more money .
To say that I had become " closed - minded " would be correct .
Into this rigid belief system marched the credit card industry debacle .
The first crack appeared in my granite wall of self - inflicted ignorance , the first big contradiction .
Later , more education was hand - delivered to me .
This time the same adult child , now completely grown and on her own , was having much trouble making ends meet .
We asked her the regular questions : are you on drugs ?
Do you have a parasitic boyfriend ?
Have you adopted a dog ?
The answers were all , " No . "
What is the problem then , the poor girl is working three jobs ( " Uniquely American is n't it ? " - George Bush , 2004 ) .
We naively thought two jobs would have definitely covered her expensesbut three did n't ?
What was she doing wrong ?
I ranted and railed against the " skin- flint landlords . "
How a crummy room in a group - house could cost $ 350 a month !
I seethed that every few months her fifteen - year - old Honda needed a couple hundred dollars worth of work just to get her to and from her three jobs .
I sighed when she told me she liked her bakery job because she can eat most of her meals there for free .
I cried when she said that she was getting her sinus infection treated at the Free Clinic , because she had absolutely no money .
The Free Clinic !
But that was forreal poor people , people who live in their car , people with " issues " -- not my beautiful , educated , funny , smart daughter .
How did this happen ?
How can a person juggle three jobs , have no vices , and still come up short ?
My husband of course heard me ranting about how much everything costs and how young people seem to be having it harder these days , and me demanding , " Who is at fault ?
Why did the Democrats let this happen , this is not ' Good ! ' "
He quietly mentioned how the dollar is really only worth about four cents now .
Huh ?
He said , " The dollar has lost 96 % of its value since 1913 , due to numerous nefarious schemes , which almost no one is aware of , or understands . "
What ?
Are you sure ?
He continued , " Once the Federal Reserve was created , a new unconstitutional system was created , that allowed the government to spend money it does not have , quite easily !
What a wonder of modern society -- no more of the constraints that have bothered previous generations .
However doing this for almost a hundred years has caused a few problems : currently our government is borrowing roughly two billion dollars a day from foreigners to fund our spending spree . "
How did that happen ?
I asked , wailed , really .
So we borrow all this money -- to fund a lifestyle , the wars and the military presence in 130 countries -- which is way beyond our actual means , and our children and grandchildren will be paying for this , all their lives .
But here and now , one of the side - effects of this system is that the buying power of a dollar has gone down and down , as they borrow and print dollars .
So now it takes our daughter $ 350 to rent the room in the house that I would have paid about $ 40 for when I was her age .
I said to my husband , " It still is n't making sense , she earns three times as much money as I did back then , it seems like her wages should be enough ! "
He showed me a government website where you can plug in a wage and the year , and the website will compute what your wage would be in another year .
He put in a wage he had in 1973 , at $ 4.25 .
The website calculated that in 2007 he would be earning $ 19.00 an hour after adjusting for inflation !
That solved the mystery of why our daughter is struggling , with her " decent wage " of $ 10.00 per hour .
Yet our government announces that , " Inflation is at acceptable levels , " regularly on the news .
But again , how did this happen ?
Why did n't my righteous Democrats fix this problem early on , before we got to this point of owing 9 trillion dollars , and counting ?
Was n't this the Democrat 's strongest promise , that they would work for , and protect the " little guy ? "
How do they explain this contradiction that they allow out - of - control spending knowing full well that this is relegating our children and grandchildren to utter servitude to our national debt ?
And if we owe monumental debt to foreign governments , how can we retain our sovereignty as a separate nation ?
It seems that both Republican and Democrat politicians are aware of what they are doing , yet they both fib about it , obfuscate , and change the subject .
They remind us of our " great nation " and its riches , which by now have been transformed into a military machine and a massive pile of entitlements , for a whole generation of people who just simply expect that their government will be taking care of themI know , I did .
But it is by borrowing , from one generation onto the backs of the next .
We are delusional !
Now , our daughter is learning the hard facts of life , about budgeting , going without , of pulling her own weight , paying off her debts , living within her means .
This is excellent !
Soon she will be a fine and trustworthy citizen .
But our government does not have to live within its means ?
Not even close ?
Something seems very wrong with this system .
Both parties perpetrate this scam .
The whole debate about who is more able to lead this country -- Democrat or Republican -- seems to be a false dichotomy , a smoke screen which hides the fact that there is very little difference between the two parties now .
This smoke screen disappeared once and for all one morning recently , after seeing the Democrats go to a lot of trouble to demand that Bush begin to get out of Iraq .
Lots of news - time was devoted to the fiery speeches , it almost looked like something was actually happening .
But their demand was non-bindingit was purely rhetorical .
It was as if they did n't really mean it .
The contradiction became even clearer a few weeks later when the Democratic presidential hopefuls lined up on a stage and stated that they " would not take any means off the table " to force Iran to stop supplying Iraqi insurgents .
" Any means off the table " is a code phrase for using nuclear weapon strikes .
Nuclear weapons !
The leading Democratic candidates all said they would use nuclear weapons against Iran !
What has become of our beautiful , strong , confident country , that we now threaten third - rate powers with nukes if they wo n't do what we say ?
And why exactly are we in the Middle East , anyway ?
I never got clear on that point .
The day I woke up and saw my Democrats as war - mongers and fools was the day the contradictions became too much .
My protective wall of intentional ignorance collapsed into rubble .
It was depressing , I felt like staying in bed all day - all week .
But in a few days , the depression turned to anger .
I was angry !
I felt tricked , hoodwinked !
I had spent my adult life voting for these people , repeating the stock phrases , and now I find out the Democrats are indiscernible from the opposition !
Maybe it had always been that way .
I began ranting again , this time not about our daughter 's situation but about politicshow both parties are alike , borrowing money , enslaving our future grandchildren .... which if my daughter ever manages to quit working three jobs , she might get the time to find a guy and fall in love , and have some !
My husband heard my ranting again of course , and he said , " Well , actually , there is one congressman who understands all this , and he always votes against these shenanigans .
His name is Ron Paul .
He is a ' constitutionalist . '
That means he wo n't vote for anything unless the Constitution allows it . "
I said , " Huh ?
Are n't all of our representatives following the Constitution ?
I mean , do n't they swear to uphold and protect it or something ?
I thought it was the basis for all our laws , how we do government "
He looked at me like I had just fallen off that old turnip truck .
So , this Ron Paul does not vote for anything that the Constitution does not allow .
I had no idea what was actually in our Constitution , so I went to buy a copy at my local used - book store .
I found one , a book dating from the Reagan administration , that looked like it had never even been opened .
I turned the pages , only 64 total , and skimmed over the words .
" So this is it , " I said to myself .
" This is what all the fuss was about . "
A sensation of awe came over me .
Wow , these guys had some good ideas , this is powerful stuff .
It looks so simplecute even people might toss it off as a relic of the past .
But look !
Here are the protections for every single one of us , that I had mistakenly projected onto a mere political party .
There 's the right to free speech , the freedom to assemble , the freedom to petition your government .
There 's the Writ of Habeas Corpus , in Article 1 , Section 9 -- the right to not be jailed without being charged .
And look at the wisdom of keeping the presidency weak .
We could use some of that right about now !
Look at how the three branches of government were supposed to counter - balance each other -- if one gets too high - minded the other two can stop it .
Look at the wisdom of them making our nation a republic , not a direct democracy , thereby protecting the weak from " the tyranny of the majority . "
How wise .
How precious .
I remembered someone saying , " the envy of oppressed peoples around the world . "
After reading the Constitution , I felt awake and energized .
I was n't sure about what all of it meant , but I could see that it was a clear and firm structure , a set of rules .
We , as a people , were to use these rules , and no other rules , unless by way of an amendment .
In their wisdom , they had even made a way to tweak the rules , if all the states agreed to it .
I said to myself , now this is something that is worth my energy , not political parties that whip around in the winds of the latest fashion so much you can't even tell them apart .
Later , my husband said , " Did you know that Ron Paul is running for president ?
He 's a long shot , but at least you could feel good about voting this time .
I could show you some clips of his speeches on You Tube . "
I began watching the short videos of Ron Paul , reading articles about the Constitution , reading about monetary policies .
At first it was all a slurry of new ideas , new terms to learn , but slowly the ideas started to settle down and take shape .
I began to see that we can come out of our deep sleep and begin to act like our political process has real meaning .
We can get our civil liberties back , it is not too late .
We the People will get back to following the Constitution of the United States of America .
We will get back to the Thomas Jefferson ideal that the United States can have peace , commerce , and honest friendship with all nations , and entangling alliances with none .
We will regain hope for our United States .
I believe these things , and I am working to make this reality .
I am working to elect Ron Paul as our next president , and if he does n't make it , I will work even harder to get the next Constitutionalist elected .
We will not go away again .
~~~~~~ Martha Newhouse , Democrat - Expatriate , lives and writes in Washington State .
She divides her time between gardening , walking her dogs , and reading and writing .
Saturday , September 1
your paranoia is justified
So Elizabeth ’s Gmail account got cracked sometime last week , which of course in this era of deeply intermeshed and profoundly vulnerable authentication regimes pretty much means that our shared financial life just took on the security profile of a comatose hedgehog on its back .
So far the little bastards have only spent about a hundred bucks of our reserves , primarily on RuneScape subscriptions .
[ 1 ]
We ’ve taken the usual steps , redundantly reported fraud to enough of the appropriate parties to hope that someone , somewhere in the chain , will refund the missing dollars , and things are probably contained .
Maybe .
Outcomes will depend heavily on how Google responds to our desperate plea for help .
Their security policy appears to work as follows in the case of a compromised account :
Ca n’t log in ?
We ’ll e-mail you a change password link !
Gosh , someone has changed the secondary e-mail associated with your gmail account ?
Well , just wait 5 days without attempting a login and answer your security questions !
Someone is actively using your account and / or has changed your security questions anyway ?
Gosh , you ’re completely fucked !
There ’s a “ my account has been compromised holy shit please help ” form , but until early this morning it was mysteriously returning a 404 .
I filled it out .
We ’ll see what happens .
If no real response arrives , you can be assured that I will make as much noise as humanly possible about the insane catch - 22 built into Gmail security ( “ a question for Google : what ’s the fundamental difference between indifferent and evil ? ” strikes me as a catchy social - bookmarking sort of headline ) , but of course it wo n’t make a goddamned bit of difference .
ANYWAY , the truth is that this is all my fault and I know it .
I forgot a fundamental technological rule : paranoia is always justified , and your complacence will destroy you .
Systems fail .
Catastrophically .
All of them , in proportion to the trust you place in them and the magnitude of your need for their basic functions .
Often enough to matter , there are malicious parties interested in their failure .
Script - kiddies breed like flies .
The government where you live is careening ever - closer to a totalitarianism overhauled by the fundamental realization that mundane and implicit evil mixed well with broadcast commercial soul - rot has a half - life that makes Stalin and Hitler look like complete chumps .
[ 2 ]
What matters more for your immediate concerns , entropy is out to get you and entropy is going to win .
Learn this and live by it .
Back up your hard drive every day .
Encrypt the living shit out of everything .
Never send anything in plaintext .
Change your passwords .
Do n’t give the Verizon / Qwest / Comcast rep on the phone your goddamned Social Security Number .
Laugh at the Best Buy peon asking for your home phone , date of birth , and mother ’s maiden name .
Compartmentalize every important form of access to the things you care about .
Use version control for everything that matters .
Have redundant copies .
Stop using public terminals and sketchy unsecured wireless .
I am watching you download mediocre internet porn .
Just fucking stop it .
Bring your bike inside from the front porch , because I promise you some kid with a hacksaw can take care of that cute little lock in about 30 seconds flat .
All you see below are cakes that can be eaten without any part of it left .
No plastics or any other artificial stuff is being used – everything is eatable .
All this cakes by Zhanna from St. Petersburg .
Latest : Strongtalk has gone fully Open Source !
The virtual - machine source code is now available , as of September , 2006 .
Previously , the VM was available only as an unsupported binary , preventing serious use of Strongtalk .
Now , the sky is the limit !
Now Fully Open Source , Including Virtual - Machine !
What Is Strongtalk ?
Strongtalk is a major re-thinking of the Smalltalk - 80 programming language and system .
While retaining the basic Smalltalk syntax and semantics , it contains a number of significant advances , including :
Performance :
It executes Smalltalk much faster than any other Smalltalk implementation , using an advanced inlining compiler based on type - feedback technology originally developed at Sun Microsystem Labs .
Remarkably , code is dynamically compiled and decompiled as necessary , even while it is running , in order to maintain perfect interpreted semantics .
Code can be transparently debugged and changed on - the - fly , yet will still run at full speed .
It executes Smalltalk much faster than any other Smalltalk implementation , using an advanced inlining compiler based on type - feedback technology originally developed at Sun Microsystem Labs .
Remarkably , code is dynamically compiled and decompiled as necessary , even while it is running , in order to maintain perfect interpreted semantics .
Code can be transparently debugged and changed on - the - fly , yet will still run at full speed .
Type System :
It contains the first fully developed strong , static type system for Smalltalk ( hence the name Strongtalk ) .
The type system is both optional and incremental , and operates completely independently of the compiler technology ( which means that normal untyped Smalltalk code runs just as fast as typed code ) .
It also contains a re-designed , strongly - typed " Blue Book " class library .
The Strongtalk system was developed in secret in the mid-90's by a small startup company .
Before the Strongtalk system could be released , the company was acquired by Sun Microsystems , Inc. to work on the Java® virtual machine .
Development of Strongtalk was halted at that point , so very few people have ever had a chance to see the Strongtalk system in action .
This is highly unfortunate , since Smalltalk is still a more elegant and advanced programming language than any existing mainstream programming language , and Strongtalk is by far the fastest implementation of Smalltalk ever .
Fortunately , Sun Microsystems has graciously released Strongtalk as completely free , open - source software .
The first release from Sun in 2002 did not include source code for the virtual - machine ( which contains the compiler ) .
Only the binary was released , rendering the system unsuitable for any serious use , other than evaluation by researchers .
As of September 2006 , this has been remedied with the new release , which contains full source .
Strongtalk development was halted before it was fully productized , so considerable work remains to polish - up Strongtalk before it is ready to be used in real - world applications .
But with the release of the virtual - machine source code , a whole new world of possibilities has opened up .
What will become of Strongtalk ?
Now , the answer is finally in the community 's hands !
® Java is a trademark of Sun Microsystems , Inc .
Time magazine calls for “ universal national service ”
New push for military draft in US
By Barry Grey
6 September 2007
Timed to coincide with the reconvening of Congress and the renewal of the fraudulent official “ debate ” on the Iraq war , Time magazine has published an edition with a cover story entitled “ The Case for National Service . ”
The coincidence is hardly accidental .
It underscores the political fact that behind the squabbling between the Bush administration and the Democratic - controlled Congress over the best means for ensuring “ success ’ in Iraq , there is a growing consensus within the American ruling elite and both of its parties in favor of reinstituting a military draft .
It is increasingly clear that the issue is not whether , but when to revive the system of conscription required to dragoon sufficient numbers of young men and women to sustain the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and provide cannon fodder for the even more bloody military adventures to follow — what President Bush likes to call “ the wars of the 21st century . ”
Looming over the current maneuvering in Congress regarding Bush ’s request for an additional $ 200 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — a request that the Democratic leadership has already signaled it will comply with — are the administration ’s preparations to extend the war into Iran .
All of the leading contenders for the Democratic presidential nomination have explicitly declared that they would not take the “ military option ” against Iran off of the table .
The current issue of Time , dated September 10 , features on its cover a picture meant to be a contemporary version of “ Rosie the Riveter , ” the World War II image of working class women who manned the arms factories while their husbands , fathers and brothers fought in Europe and Asia .
It sets the tone for the cynical effort of the magazine and its managing editor , Richard Stengel , who authored the article , to formulate the outlines of a propaganda offensive that will appeal to patriotic , democratic and idealistic sentiments in support of a program of civic - minded “ national service , ” behind which lurks the revival of the draft for the first time since 1973 , during the Vietnam War .
Stengel begins by invoking the birth of the American Republic and argues that what he calls universal national service is the only means of overcoming the social and political malaise of US society and the alienation of broad masses of Americans from the government and all official institutions .
“ [ F ] ree societies do not stay free without the involvement of their citizens , ” he writes , adding , “ The last time we demanded anything else from people [ other than voting and paying taxes ] was when the draft ended in 1973 . ”
“ When Americans look around right now , ” he continues , “ they see a public school system with 38 percent of fourth - graders unable to read at a basic level ; they see the cost of health insurance escalating as 47 million people go uninsured ; they see a government that responded ineptly to a hurricane in New Orleans ; and they see a war whose ends they do not completely value or understand . ”
He then notes that volunteerism is at near all - time highs , and seeks to appeal to the desire of people , especially young people , to devote their time to the betterment of society .
Like many before him , he invokes what he calls the spirit of sacrifice that followed the 9/11 terrorist attacks , writing , “ After 9/11 , Americans were hungry to be asked to do something , to make some kind of sacrifice , and what they mostly remember is being asked to go shopping ...
“ People see volunteering not as a form of public service but as an antidote to it .
That is not a recipe for keeping a republic . ”
“ [ T ] he way to keep the Republic , ” he declares , “ is universal national service ...
[ I ]t is time for the next president to mine the desire that is out there for serving and create a program of universal national service that will be his — or her — legacy for decades to come .
It is the simple but compelling idea that devoting a year or more to national service , whether military or civilian , should become a countrywide rite of passage , the common expectation and widespread experience of virtually every young American . ”
Stengel then notes the increasing sentiment within both the Republican and Democratic parties in favor of some form of military draft ( without actually using the term ) .
He writes :
“ But these days there is a growing consensus on Capitol Hill that the private and public spheres can be linked ...
One of the early critics of AmeriCorps , John McCain , has since become a devout supporter ...
‘ National Service is a crucial means of making our patriotism real , to the benefit of both ourselves and our country ’. ”
Stengel neglects to mention that McCain is among the most strident defenders of the Bush administration ’s military escalation in Iraq and its belligerent war - mongering against Iran .
The Time magazine article emphasizes the domestic , peaceful uses to which a system of national service could be applied , stating : “ Young men and women have made their patriotism all too real by volunteering to fight two wars on foreign soil .
But we have battlefields in America too — particularly in education and health care — and the commitment of soldiers abroad has left others yearning to make a parallel commitment here at home . ”
It says the program should be voluntary , not mandatory , using “ carrots , not sticks ” to win recruits .
It calls for the next president to establish a cabinet - level Department of National Service , which would institute a program , costing $ 20 billion a year , that would provide some $ 19,000 to people between the ages of 18 and 25 who agreed to commit to at least one year of “ national or military service . ”
Stengel and Time , in framing their proposal in this way , are well aware of the broad and deep opposition among Americans , and especially young Americans , to the war in Iraq and the broader policy of militarism of which it is a part .
They know full well that a direct and open call for a mandatory military draft would evoke intense popular opposition .
That , however , is the inevitable logic of their proposal , and their article should be seen as a significant step in seeking to condition and manipulate public opinion in advance of a revival of military conscription .
Stengel makes no reference to the growing calls within the military and sections of the political establishment for a revival of the draft , and the factors that motivate such calls .
There are serious concerns within the military , the foreign policy establishment and both political parties that the prolonged occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan have stretched the military to the limit .
There has for some time been talk within these circles of the danger of a “ broken military . ”
These concerns are heightened by the implications of a military assault on Iran .
Leading Democrats , in particular , have criticized Bush ’s war policy in Iraq on the grounds that it severely limits American options for military action elsewhere .
Already , recruitment targets for the volunteer army are not being met , prompting the military to offer signing bonuses of up to $ 40,000 and sparking discussions about foregoing the requirement that recruits have a high school diploma .
If Bush and his commander in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus , are now talking about some reduction in force levels by next April , it is primarily because withdrawals are virtually inevitable once the 15 - month tours by the brigades sent in with the “ surge ” begin to end .
Finding replacements will prove next to impossible , since every Army combat unit will either be in Afghanistan or Iraq , preparing to deploy there , or only recently returned .
The impossibility of sustaining such military operations over a prolonged period , let alone initiating new ones , is increasingly prompting open calls from military circles for a revival of the draft .
Among those who have publicly broached the issue in recent days are Lawrence Korb , the assistant secretary of defense under Reagan , and Lt. Gen.
Douglas Lute , Bush ’s “ war czar ” for Iraq and Afghanistan .
One reason the Democrats are outpacing the Republicans in the race for corporate campaign donations for the 2008 congressional and presidential elections , a stark departure from previous elections , is the sense within the ruling elite that a Democratic - controlled government would be in a more favorable position to restore the draft that a Republican Congress or White House .
As of July of this year , the two candidates considered to be leading the contest for the Democratic presidential nomination , New York Senator Hillary Clinton and Illinois Senator Barack Obama , had raised millions more than their Republican counterparts , former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani .
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee raised $ 17.6 million from April through June , compared to $ 8.6 million raised in the same period by the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
Significantly , the Time magazine article on national service is accompanied by a page - long endorsement of the plan by Caroline Kennedy .
And among the most enthusiastic proponents of a revived draft is New York Rep. Charles Rangel , the Democratic chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , whose district includes Harlem and Spanish Harlem .
Rangel issued a statement on August 16 supporting Lute ’s suggestion of a return to military conscription , in which the congressman reiterated his absurd claim that a renewed draft would be an antiwar measure .
He declared : “ The White House knows that if the majority of American families were forced to send their children in harm ’s way , our military men and women would be on the first flight home .
The outcry for their return would ring louder than ever in every corner of this country , from the soccer fields to college campuses to the Wall Street boardrooms . ”
Rangel attempts to portray the draft as a democratic and egalitarian measure , noting that “ this so called ‘ all - volunteer ’ fighting force is already being fueled by a draft .
It ’s an economic one that lures minorities , women and poor whites in rural and urban areas ... ”
In other words , the answer to a volunteer army that recruits largely from among the most oppressed and impoverished sections of the population is a conscripted force that gives all sections of young people the “ right ” to kill and be killed in the pursuit of the global aims of US imperialism .
The Time magazine article should be taken as a stark warning of what is being prepared by the US corporate elite and the two parties that serve its interests .
It underscores the necessity for the building of a mass socialist political movement completely independent of the parties and politicians of US big business , as part of an international movement of the working class against imperialist war .
Ah , summer , glorious summer .
It 's the season to loosen your collar , lighten your steps , pack your bags , and head off on vacation .
Or is it ?
Ask Stefanie Stadler , an account supervisor for a communications firm in McLean , Va. , if she uses all her vacation every year and she replies with a quick No .
" I do lose hours , " she says .
But do n't think Ms. Stadler 's boss , Lisa Throckmorton , is playing Simon Legree and blocking the door .
As Ms. Throckmorton explains , " Every week when I meet with her , I remind her of her paid - time - off balance . "
It 's a reminder Throckmorton , a senior vice president , could use herself .
" I have 100 hours of vacation already this year , " she says .
As both women forgo time they could be spending at the beach or in a European cafe , they have plenty of company .
This year an estimated 51 million Americans – more than one - third of the workforce – will not use all their vacation days , according to a survey by Expedia.com .
In what the company calls " vacation deprivation , " each worker will pass up an average of three days off .
Other workers face a different challenge .
Almost 1 in 4 Americans have no paid vacation and no paid holidays , according to the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington , D.C.
In a new report , " No - Vacation Nation , " the group notes that the US remains the only advanced country that does not guarantee workers a paid vacation .
By law , Europeans have the right to at least 20 days of paid time off per year .
Some countries guarantee 25 or 30 days .
Americans offer many reasons for not taking vacations .
" For some workers , it is a show of loyalty to be at work all the time , " says Jeffrey Pfeffer , professor of organizational behavior at Stanford University , in Palo Alto , Calif .
" It shows your commitment and what a wonderful employee you are . "
Some workers say they cannot leave because they have too much to do .
Others can't afford a getaway or say they are too tired to plan one .
Some want to save vacation time for emergencies .
Still others do n't want to come back to a heavy workload .
Dual - career families find it especially hard to coordinate schedules .
Some employees take their cues from those around them .
" A lot of people give up vacation days because they see their boss or co-workers giving up their days , " says Noah Blumenthal , president of a coaching company on Long Island .
" This creates a vicious cycle in which no one wants to be the first to take all their days , but everyone wants the culture to change . "
This summer , with gas prices soaring , more Americans may choose shorter vacations closer to home .
Some will simply stay home , taking what is called a " staycation . "
For Stadler , who is in her mid-20s and single , giving up part of her time off is a matter of priorities .
" I 'm ambitious , " she says .
" I look at the time I could be in the office helping clients .
It 's a trend of this age group .
You do n't want to be spending money when you might invest it , or spending time away when you do n't necessarily need to .
It 's a life stage .
I 'll grow out of it .
I love to travel . "
Even the summer hours some companies offer , with half - days on Friday , can subtly alter vacation patterns .
" I look at those and think that is like a mini-vacation , " Stadler says .
" I do n't need a week at a time to refresh myself . "
Throckmorton finds that the growing ranks of singles also have an effect .
" We 've got a lot of people in their mid-20s .
Seemingly nobody in that age group has any vacation plans for the summer .
I do n't know if it 's financial , or being single and not planning . "
She counts herself among the nearly 20 percent of US adults who have canceled or postponed vacation plans because of work .
" We rebranded our company in March , " she says .
" That was my responsibility .
I put the company first . "
She is also among the growing ranks who check work e-mail and voice mail while vacationing .
Tethered to the office by " e- leashes , " these employees are physically absent but still mentally present .
" Last year I went to Naples , Fla. , for a week and sat on the beach with my BlackBerry , " Throckmorton says .
" It was probably more relaxing for me because I had a sense of what was going on at the office .
A lot of people will say , ' My husband or wife wo n't let me take the BlackBerry . '
I do n't have anybody helping to set that parameter for me . "
Brett West , vice president of a media- relations firm in Alexandria , Va. , learned a vacation lesson the hard way .
He stayed in the office the week between Christmas and New Year 's , when the company was shut down , to help a client .
Although he later received financial compensation from his boss , he says , " It 's best to take the time that you 're given for vacation or holidays .
Make sure you 've got vacation plans , and stick to them as much as you can without it being detrimental to your livelihood .
You can never buy back those lost days .
You can never buy back your family time . "
This year Mr. West is taking his own advice .
Two weeks ago , he returned from a trip to Germany , and he 's already making plans for the holidays .
Phil Armstrong , managing director of a consulting firm in Washington , D.C. , received " kind of a wake - up call " last month when the human resources department notified him that he must use nine days of vacation by the end of the fiscal year in June or forfeit the time .
The company maintains a use - it - or - lose - it vacation policy .
Later in the summer , Mr. Armstrong and his family plan to spend a week or more on Martha 's Vineyard off the coast of Massachusetts .
Noting the advantages of longer stretches away from the office , he says , " On the rare occasion when I 'm able to take two complete weeks , it 's really the second week that 's most enjoyable .
It 's when you adjust to the reality that you 're not as indispensable as you think you are and get to the point when you can decompress . "
That also benefits families .
Referring to his two young children , Armstrong says , " They need more Dad time . "
Most companies offering paid vacation specify the number of days .
Fiberlink , a technology company in Blue Bell , Pa. , has no formal policy for its 215 employees .
" They can take time off whenever they want , " CEO Jim Sheward says .
" We expect them to be responsible in not overburdening the team by taking excessive vacation .
We do n't even track it . "
The approach , he adds , is built on respect and the golden rule .
Vacationgoers and workplace ex­­perts alike attest to the restorative power of down time , with no alarm clocks , meetings , or rush - hour commutes .
Wallace Huffman , a professor of labor economics at Iowa State University , has studied men's and women 's leisure time and its impact on productivity .
He says , " Productivity could increase by up to 60 percent for employees in the month or two following a good vacation a week or two long . "
Yet Pfeffer , the Stanford professor , believes that any major changes in vacation policy will require government action .
" We 'd have to look more like other industrialized countries , with a stronger mandate to provide paid vacation and limit work hours , " he says .
Making a persuasive case for time off , Armstrong says , " Whatever you 're doing on vacation , even if you spend an hour a day on e-mail , it 's better than being in the office . "
I realize that the White House is desperate to gain increased surveillance power under a “ revised ” FISA , and I know lawmakers have shown a serious willingness to give the president more of what he wants .
But there ’s just no reason for Trent Lott to scare the bejeezus out of people who live and work in the nation ’s capital .
Roll Call reported late yesterday , “ Capitol Police officials have stepped up the department ’s security presence on Capitol Hill in response to intelligence indicating the increased possibility of an al - Qaida terrorist attack on Congress sometime between now and Sept. 11 . ” One assumes they ’re working on something more reliable that Michael Chertoff ’s gut .
But leave it to Lott to push the matter too far .
Without mentioning a specific threat to the Capitol , Senate Minority Whip Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) ominously advised Thursday that Congress needed to pass changes to terrorist surveillance laws before leaving for the August recess and warned that otherwise “ the disaster could be on our doorstep . ”
When asked if people should leave Washington , D.C. , during the month of August , Lott responded , “ I think it would be good to leave town in August , and it would probably be good to stay out until September the 12th . ”
First , what , exactly , are people who live and work in DC supposed to do in response to comments like these ?
And second , how shamelss is it for a Republican to say , " Give Bush what he wants or we 'll all die " ?
It was every subway rider ’s nightmare , times two .
Who has ridden along New York ’s 656 miles of subway lines and not wondered : “ What if I fell to the tracks as a train came in ?
What would I do ? ”
And who has not thought : “ What if someone else fell ?
Would I jump to the rescue ? ”
Wesley Autrey , a 50 - year - old construction worker and Navy veteran , faced both those questions in a flashing instant yesterday , and got his answers almost as quickly .
Mr. Autrey was waiting for the downtown local at 137th Street and Broadway in Manhattan around 12:45 p.m .
He was taking his two daughters , Syshe , 4 , and Shuqui , 6 , home before work .
1992 : A meteorite smashes into Michelle Knapp 's 1980 Chevy Malibu ( parked and unoccupied , fortunately ) in Peekskill , New York .
The stone meteorite , which was later determined to weigh 12.37 kilograms upon impact , was a fragment of a fiery meteor , described as flaring brighter than a full moon and strikingly visible in the night sky from West Virginia to New York .
The fireball broke up and sent this particular meteorite on a southwest - to - northeast trajectory that would take it straight into Ms. Knapp 's car .
The significance of this particular meteorite strike , aside from its direct hit on the car 's trunk , is that it is only the fourth instance for which accurate data on a meteorite 's trajectory was recovered .
In this case , dark flight began at an altitude of approximately 30 kilometers , and velocity dropped to about 3 kilometers per second without further vaporization .
This incident entered the scientific annals as the Peekskill meteor .
As for the Malibu , well , it was totaled .
But the wreck , rather than being hauled off to a junkyard , began a new life as a curiosity , touring the United States , Germany , France , Switzerland and Japan .
No word on what Ms. Knapp 's insurance company had to say , but it probably was n't encouraging .
- - -
This video of the Peekskill Meteorite was taken from a Burger King parking lot in Fairfax , Virginia .
For more , visit wired.com / video .
( Video : Courtesy of the University of Western Ontario )
( Source : Various )
Atrios :
WASHINGTON — Facing eroding support for his Iraq policy , even among Republicans , President Bush on Thursday called al Qaida " the main enemy " in Iraq , an assertion rejected by his administration 's senior intelligence analysts .
The reference , in a major speech at the Naval War College that referred to al Qaida at least 27 times , seemed calculated to use lingering outrage over the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , to bolster support for the current buildup of U.S. troops in Iraq , despite evidence that sending more troops has n't reduced the violence or sped Iraqi government action on key issues .
U.S. military and intelligence officials , however , say that Iraqis with ties to al Qaida are only a small fraction of the threat to American troops .
The group known as al Qaida in Iraq did n't exist before the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 , did n't pledge its loyalty to al Qaida leader Osama bin Laden until October 2004 and is n't controlled by bin Laden or his top aides .
U.S. airline passengers near the security checkpoint can be searched any time and no longer can refuse consent by leaving the airport , the nation 's largest federal appeals court ruled Friday .
The decision ( .pdf ) by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned the circuit 's 34 - year - old precedent that over time was evolving toward limiting when passengers could refuse a search and leave the airport after they had checked their bags or placed items on the security screening X - ray machine .
Citing threats of terrorism , the court ruled passengers give up all rights to be free of warrantless searches once a " passenger places hand luggage on a conveyor belt for inspection " or " passes though a magnetometer . "
" … Requiring that a potential passenger be allowed to revoke consent to an ongoing airport security search makes little sense in a post - 9/11 world , " Judge Carlos Bea wrote for the unanimous 15 - judge panel .
" Such a rule would afford terrorists multiple opportunities to attempt to penetrate airport security by ' electing not to fly ' on the cusp of detection until a vulnerable portal is found . "
The U.S. Supreme Court has never squarely addressed the limits of the Fourth Amendment in the context of airport searches .
The attorney representing a man imprisoned for drug possession who tried to leave the airport rather than be searched is weighing whether to petition the justices to review the decision .
The case concerns Daniel Aukai , a Hawaiian man arrested with 50 grams of methamphetamine at the Honolulu International Airport in 2003 .
After he passed the initial screening station to board a flight to Kona , Hawaii , he was placed in a secondary search , as required by government protocol , because he did not have identification .
He refused the search and asked to leave .
Transportation Security Officials searched him and discovered the drugs and a glass pipe .
He was handed 70 months .
( See Ryan 's storyfrom last year . )
The sentence was upheld by the San Francisco appeals court .
" This is a post - 9/11 - bunker mentality , " said Aukai 's attorney , Pamela O'Leary Tower of Honolulu .
" He said ' I want to leave . '
The purpose of an airport search is to keep people off planes with bombs .
The opinion seems to gut that . "
In 1973 , the circuit court ruled that airport searches were valid " only if they recognize the right of a person to avoid search by electing not to board the aircraft . "
In later rulings , the court began backing off , ruling passengers could not opt out of searches if they had checked luggage or if carry - on items were flagged during the initial screening to enter the terminal area .
The case is United States v. Aukai , 04-10226 .
Update [ 2006-1-21 2:25:16 by Stuart Staniford ] : More graphs and a stability analysis added to the story below the fold .
Linearization of Kuwaiti oil production .
Data source : American Petroleum Institute ( via Jean Laherrere ) and BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
Click to enlarge .
For me , the reports that Kuwaiti reserves are much less than claimed are not news because they allege the Kuwaitis have been lying about their reserves .
What is news is the new reported numbers for reserves .
So would Hubbert linearization have given us the right answer ?
According to Reuters , the Petroleum Intelligence Weekly story ( itself behind a paywall ) has these facts .
" PIW learns from sources that Kuwait 's actual oil reserves , which are officially stated at around 99 billion barrels , or close to 10 percent of the global total , are a good deal lower , according to internal Kuwaiti records , " the weekly PIW reported on Friday .
It said that according to data circulated in Kuwait Oil Co ( KOC ) , the upstream arm of state Kuwait Petroleum Corp , Kuwait 's remaining proven and non-proven oil reserves are about 48 billion barrels .
Officials from KOC were not immediately available for comment to Reuters .
PIW said the official public Kuwaiti figures do not distinguish between proven , probable and possible reserves .
But it said the data it had seen show that of the current remaining 48 billion barrels of proven and non-proven reserves , only about 24 billion barrels are so far fully proven -- 15 billion in its biggest oilfield Burgan .
I have personally never believed the publicly claimed numbers since the whole issue came to my attention .
This graph just reeks :
History of OPEC claimed proved reserves .
Source : BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
Click to enlarge .
So , presumably the amount of oil left to pump , if PIW has the story straight , is somewhere north of 24gb , and perhaps south of 48gb .
So what would our linearization have told us ?
I can't find that anyone did the exercise before , but I have production data from BP , and Jean Laherrere recently very kindly supplied me with a bunch of early data from an American Petroleum Institute study in 1958 ( centennial year of US oil production ) .
The production graphs looks like this :
History of Kuwaiti oil production .
Data source : American Petroleum Institute ( via Jean Laherrere ) and BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
Missing years have been linearly interpolated .
Click to enlarge .
I have had to interpolate between 1958 and 1965 , but it looks like that wo n't be too much in error .
Note that the mathematical form of this data is a little more complex than either a logistic or a Gaussian :-) .
However , if we press boldly ahead on the theory that the linearization procedure is a robust if rough estimator even when the data sucks , we get :
Linearization of Kuwaiti oil production .
Data source : American Petroleum Institute ( via Jean Laherrere ) and BP Statistical Review of World Energy .
Line is fitted to data in purple only .
Click to enlarge .
The straight line is fit to the purple data only , which is the nearest thing to a linear regime in this mess .
Amazingly , the intercept is at 76gb .
Given that current cumulative production is 36gb , this suggest there is 40 gb to go .
So this is in decent general agreement with the ( 24gb,48gb ) range from the internally leaked information that Petroleum Intelligence Weekly has gotten hold of .
That suggests Kuwait is at 47 % of their ultimate recovery - so close to the half - way point .
Future declines are projected to be modest based on the K of just over 4 % .
Finally , just to remind you of the implications for Saudi Arabia :
Hubbert Linearization of Saudi Oil Production .
Credit Jean Laherrere .
Click to enlarge .
If the same procedure works , they have produced 105 gb out of 180 gb or so , and are at around 55 % - 60 % of their ultimate recovery .
Note however that the K is higher at around 7 % , suggesting significant declines ahead .
Update [ 2006-1-21 2:25:16 by Stuart Staniford ] :
In comments , there was some discussion of the recent uptick in Kuwaiti production visible in the linearization .
Here it is - this next graph is the monthly Kuwaiti production according to the EIA Table 1.1a
Monthly Kuwaiti oil production from January 2001 to October 2005 .
Data source : EIA Table 1.1a .
It does n't look like that graph has finished increasing , despite the reports of near - term decline fears at Burgan .
However , if we look at the percentage increase from the same month one year ago , we see the rate of increase is slowing down ( roughly ) .
Year - on - year increase in Kuwaiti oil production for each month from January 2002 to October 2005 .
Data source : EIA Table 1.1a .
Update [ 2006-1-21 2:25:16 by Stuart Staniford ] :
Do n't read this next part unless you like highly technical discussions .
It should be obvious that in the linearization , taking a great big leaping extrapolation off that little linear area has got to be a rough approximation at best .
Stability analysis confirms that .
Probably the linearization estimate of URR is only good to a factor of 2 or so ( with probably a larger error bar on the downside than the upside ) .
K is maybe uncertain by 50 % .
Recall that we developed an error estimation methodology for Hubbert linearization based on varying the start and end years of fitting the line and seeing how much the estimate changed .
If it 's very sensitive to the choice of years , then one has correspondingly less confidence in the extrapolation .
This allowed us to place reasonable error bars on the US production ( which is quite a mature area ) .
Kuwait is much less certain , since it is less mature , and has had very large production variations for non-geological reasons .
Anyway , here 's the stability surface , or perhaps instability surface would be a better term , for K :
Hubbert linearization estimate of Kuwait's K ( y - axis intercept which controls speed of decline ) as a function of start year and end year of fit .
Click to enlarge .
The same thing as a density plot :
Hubbert linearization estimate of Kuwait's K ( y - axis intercept which controls speed of decline ) as a function of start year and end year of fit .
This is a density plot from 0 to 10 % , with 100 contours .
Blue is zero , red is 10 % or above , green is 5 % .
Click to enlarge .
Surface of the ultimate recovery estimate .
Note that without the recent increase in production , we'd be estimating lower .
Hubbert linearization estimate of Kuwait's URR ( eventual total recovery of oil in gb ) as a function of start year and end year of fit .
Click to enlarge .
The same thing as a density plot .
BEND , Ore. --
It was a sunny , 70 - degree day here in Awbrey Butte , an exclusive neighborhood of big , modern houses surrounded by native pines .
To Susan Taylor , it was a perfect time to hang her laundry out to dry .
The 55 - year - old mother and part - time nurse strung a clothesline to a tree in her backyard , pinned up some freshly washed flannel sheets -- and , with that , became a renegade .
The ...
A Verizon executive told Congress today that he welcomes federal oversight of the wireless industry ... so long as it benefits Verizon .
Other federal attempts to regulate the business — including " open access " requirements in the upcoming 700MHz auction — were vehemently opposed .
Verizon general counsel Steven Zipperstein told the House Subcommittee on Telecommunications and Internet that he was a big fan of national regulation , so long as " national regulation " means that the states lose much of their power to regulate the wireless industry .
According to Verizon , such state regulation is a byproduct of a time when consumers had few options .
Zipperstein says now that 97 percent of Americans live in a county with three wireless service providers , it means it 's time to let market forces take over from regulators .
Basic regulations should be handled on the national level so that companies like Verizon and AT&T can roll out services across the country without needing to comply with 50 different sets of rules .
Even some national consumer protection rules would be fine with Verizon .
When it comes to other forms of federal regulation , though , Zipperstein took a combative tone .
Most of his ire was saved for the idea of " open access , " which could force the winner of some 700M Hz spectrum to sell it wholesale to any operator who wants to buy access .
( " Open access " can also be defined as requiring a retail operator like Verizon to allow customers to attach any safe device to the network , much as the landline phone network operates today . )
Zipperstein will have neither of these options .
Those who want open access " had not identified how the wireless market has failed consumers , " he said , and then went on to argue that " consumer choice would be a casualty of policies that mandate that all companies do the same thing the same way . "
Though others have argued that wireless operators routinely crippled functionality and features that users want in order to protect other services , Zipperstein says that 's not the case ; in fact , all Verizon is out to do is safeguard network quality and the user experience .
He points out that allowing things like placecasting ( SlingBox ) might be nice for some users , but widespread usage will degrade the network for most others .
Not surprisingly , Chris Murray of Consumers Union ( publishers of Consumer Reports ) did n't see things the same way .
He told Congress that open access was crucial to consumer choice .
" Without open access to the full range of wireless services and devices , consumers will continue to face unfair charges for service modification or termination , inability to use innovative applications , devices that have been hobbled to minimize competition , and other troublesome practices currently used by the dominant cell phone and broadband providers . "
Stay tuned ; this feud is only going to get nastier as the FCC prepares to release rules for the auction sometime this month .
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia , Oct. 25 — He had a job to do , and he did it supremely well , under threat of death , within earshot of screams of torture : methodically photographing Khmer Rouge prisoners and producing a haunting collection of mug shots that has become the visual symbol of Cambodia ’s mass killings .
“ I ’m just a photographer ; I do n’t know anything , ” he said he told the newly arrived prisoners as he removed their blindfolds and adjusted the angles of their heads .
But he knew , as they did not , that every one of them would be killed .
“ I had my job , and I had to take care of my job , ” he said in a recent interview .
“ Each of us had our own responsibilities .
I was n’t allowed to speak with prisoners . ”
That was three decades ago , when the photographer , Nhem En , now 47 , was on the staff of Tuol Sleng prison , the most notorious torture house of the Khmer Rouge regime , which caused the deaths of 1.7 million people from 1975 to 1979 .
White House office that handles freedom of information requests is free no longer John Byrne
Published : Thursday August 23 , 2007
Print This Email This
Want to get the news beneath the news ?
Get Raw headlines in your browser .
The White House Office of Administration " is responsible for responding to requesters who are seeking OA records under the ( Freedom of Information Act ) . "
This from the White House website .
Only there 's a small problem .
According to the Washington Post , " The Bush administration argued in court papers this week that the White House Office of Administration is not subject to the Freedom of Information
Act as part of its effort to fend off a civil lawsuit seeking the release of internal documents about a large number of e-mails missing from White House servers . "
The office 's website , however , continues to say otherwise .
Under a section titled " FREEDOM OF INFORMATION REQUESTS , " it says :
The word " handbook , " which appears to be a link on the site , is , alas , readable no longer .
" Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a nonprofit group , filed a lawsuit in May seeking Office of Administration records about the missing e-mails , including when they were deleted from government computer files , " the Post 's Dan Eggen wrote Thursday .
" CREW said it understood that internal White House documents had estimated at least 5 million e-mails were missing from March 2003 to October 2005 .
" The Bush administration has not provided a number publicly , " Eggen continues .
" Some of the records may have been subject to a document preservation law administered by the National Archives and Records Administration .
Congress has sought access to them as part of its probe into the administration 's firing of nine U.S. federal prosecutors in 2006 . "
" One has to wonder if this is an effort by the White House to keep secret the details of how millions of White House e-mail suddenly went missing , " remarked CREW Executive Director Melanie Sloan .
" The OA 's disingenuous claim that it is not subject to the FOIA is contradicted by its own actions and statements . "
A White House spokesman declined to comment .
Steven Aftergood , director of the Project on Government Secrecy for the Federation of American Scientists and editor of Secrecy News , said the White House may yet be successful .
In a 1996 case , courts ruled in favor of the National Security Council , when it asked to exempt itself from the law even though it had complied previously .
" It 's obnoxious , and it's a gesture of defiance against the norms of open government , " Aftergood told the Post .
" But it turns out that a White House body can be an agency one day and cease to be one the next day , as absurd as it may seem . "
308179 story
I am a new graduate student in Computer Engineering .
I would like to get my MS and possibly my Ph.D. I have learned that 90 % of my department is from India and many others are from China .
All the students come here to study and there are only 7 US citizens in the engineering program this year .
Why is that ?
I have heard that many of the smarter Americans go into medicine or the law and that is why there are so few Americans in engineering .
Is this true ?
Leslie says : " A McDonald 's worker in Georgia was arrested after serving a burger with too much salt to a police officer in the drive - thru .
The next time I am served bad fast food , I 'm going to try calling the cops and see what happens ! "
The drama started early Friday when [ employee Kendra Bull ] said she accidently dumped too much salt on a burger she was preparing for herself .
A co-worker tried to remove the salt , and Bull said she told a supervisor about the heavy dose of condiment .
The supervisor acknowledged the salt , she said , but still put the patty on the officer 's bun , Bull said .
The supervisor denied Bull 's account when questioned by police .
Asked why someone would try and salvage the burger , Bull said she was n't sure .
" They 've been saying we 've been wasting too much meat , " she said .
Netflix , the popular online movie rental service , is planning to award $ 1 million to the first person who can improve the accuracy of movie recommendations based on personal preferences .
To win the prize , which is to be announced today , a contestant will have to devise a system that is more accurate than the company ’s current recommendation system by at least 10 percent .
And to improve the quality of research , Netflix is making available to the public 100 million of its customers ’ movie ratings , a database the company says is the largest of its kind ever released .
Recommendation systems , also known as collaborative filtering systems , try to predict whether a customer will like a movie , book or piece of music by comparing his or her past preferences to those of other people with similar tastes .
Such systems will look at , say , the last 10 books , movies or songs a customer has rated highly and try to extrapolate an 11th .
Computer scientists say that after years of steady progress in this field , there has been a slowdown — which is what Netflix executives say prompted them to offer the problem to a wide audience for solution .
" Desperately Seeking Sex & Sobriety "
by Paul Pisces
A Cautionary Tale of Sex Tourism , Drugs , Alcohol , Prostitution & Suicide
Warning : BLACK HUMOUR & ADULT CONTENT
" This is the book of life I should have read before leaving university in London .
It 's got it all .
Sex , sex tourism , drugs , alcohol , alcoholism , prostitution & suicide .
In my search for sex and sobriety I travel from London to Amsterdam ; to San Francisco , California ; to Bangkok & Pattaya in Thailand and to Manila , Angeles City & Subic Bay in the Philippines .
Life sucks .
Do n't end up a loser like me .
Read this book . "
- Paul Pisces
The Effects of Drinking
It is noon on Wednesday the 6th of February 2002 .
This morning I received another rejection letter from a publisher .
Nothing strange about that except that I am running out of publishers and agents to write to .
This is worrying me and I am beginning to lose some confidence in my work .
To ease the depression and boredom of my now 42 year old body , I am going to take you on a crash course in alcoholism .
At the moment I am stone cold sober but I am going to open and drink a bottle of white rum and describe the effects on my mind and body .
Perhaps more honestly it is just a good excuse for me to get drunk .
A bottle of rum is really more than I should drink in a binge but with my metabolism , half a bottle would be just too easy .
It would n't hurt enough .
I hope this is the last time I drink a whole bottle in one sitting but it may not be .
( It was n't . )
Please do not try this at home especially if you do not know what you are doing .
A bottle of spirits can kill an inexperienced drinker .
At the moment outside it is sunny .
Inside I am calm but I am a bit depressed at the continual rejection of my book .
Soon I am going on a two month holiday to the Philippines to write more and to try and get the book finished .
After the holiday I will have to get a proper job and my dreams of a writing career will go on a very well hidden back - burner .
I do n't need a drink , as I said , I am sober and calm but about two weeks ago I did drink a whole bottle and the effects were interesting so I thought I 'd repeat the experience and write it down .
The first taste is good - for an alcoholic it is just like meeting an old friend .
I drink a half and half mixture of rum and coke and the alcohol is sharp against the palate .
To occupy myself during the day I normally find a book to read .
I am reading a lot of autobiographies at the moment to see if I can learn anything .
I like autobiography and semi-autobiography as a genre especially if the writer is honest and has had an unusual lifestyle .
I have read a couple by city traders , one by a guy with mental health problems , one by an ex-bouncer and several others .
They have almost all been good , some have been excellent .
I still like to think there is a place for mine , though , if only I can find a publisher brave enough to take it on .
This autobiography is really about computers , sex and alcohol ( but not necessarily in that order ) with some elements of a travelogue .
These are the three real interests in my life - it's a bit like sex , drugs and rock & roll but with the rock & roll being replaced by computers .
The problem I 've got going forward ( as the Americans would say ) is that the alcohol is killing me and I 'm losing interest in computers - does n't leave a lot does it ?
I am interested in writing but it appears to be very hard to make a living at it .
In actuality , I am still interested in computers but I am getting a bit long in the tooth for it and after working in San Francisco during the dot com boom , anything else is a bit dull by comparison .
It 's like playing in the World Cup at football ( soccer ) and then being asked to play for a third division side - difficult to get motivated .
Where does all this get me apart from worried ?
Well , as of this moment I am slowly getting drunk .
Tomorrow I 'll sober up .
In a few weeks I fly off to Manila .
Between now and then , my life revolves around the postman .
I have sent sample chapters of this book to at least fifty agents and at least fifty publishers .
Lots of them have said nice things about it and lots of them have n't .
Two more small publishers have asked to see the full manuscript .
So currently outstanding :
Full manuscript with two publishers .
Sample chapters with eight agents .
Sample chapters with nine publishers .
I am not currently planning to approach any more agents or publishers - I think I 've covered almost everyone anyway .
If none of this works I have found a company that will publish my book as an e-book on the internet .
That will probably be my way forward .
It 's 12 -30 pm and I have now consumed one fifth of the bottle .
No real effect yet although I do feel slightly looser .
It only gets really interesting after half a bottle .
The recovery tomorrow will be much less fun .
I could drink this bottle much more quickly but I want to take my time and write this story .
The plan is to consume the bottle over the course of the afternoon and evening ( maybe 7 or 8 hours ) .
When the bottle is empty I will go to bed and sleep .
I will almost certainly sleep well with all the alcohol in me .
Prior to sleeping I expect to be very happy , almost euphoric .
My brother is out on a course today , so I am alone .
I do have a couple of housekeeping tasks to take care of .
1 pm and a third of the bottle is gone .
I feel loose and uninhibited - it 's nice .
I am relaxed and unworried about anything .
I am glad to be writing .
Although I am on my own in the house , I feel sociable - I 'd like someone to talk to but I do n't need that .
I am happy on my own doing a few household chores ( washing , washing - up ) and watching the TV ( Spin City , Cheers ) .
American television shows seem to dominate British television during the afternoon .
Later I might watch ' Oprah ' or I might continue reading Andy McNab 's autobiography ' Immediate Action ' about his life in the SAS .
Life feels good but I know it is illusory - dark storm clouds are gathering on my horizon .
My life is not stable or secure .
I know where I want to be but it is not within my control - I feel like a pawn on a chessboard or a piece of flotsam in a fast moving river .
My future is controlled by others .
How do I control my fear ?
There are many elements .
The most important is God .
The most interesting question of all questions ( perhaps it is the only real question ) is ' Is there a God ? '
So much rests on this that the impact of how you answer it is incalculable .
It 's only 1 - 30 pm and I 've nearly drunk half the bottle of rum .
I am starting to feel a little bit tired - not very tired but I could sleep .
Heavy drinking in an alcoholic causes two conditions : sick and tired .
I do n't feel sick today , although I have done many times in the past , but I do feel tired .
The alcohol is depressing my motor functions and my brain functions causing them to shut down .
Sleep looks attractive .
Is there anything attractive about the way I feel ?
No , not really .
If I was younger I 'd probably be less tired and more sociable .
Hey it 's lunch time - I 'll have something to eat because I have got to pace myself .
I am trying to perform an experiment .
I heat a spaghetti bolognese in the microwave and eat in front of the telly watching snooker .
It 's 2 pm and I 'm feeling a bit depressed now .
I 'm in a melancholy state - not yet happy from the alcohol and not stone cold sober .
I am an addict waiting for the high to kick in .
My mental weakness is now apparent and I feel empty .
The options are simple : go to bed and sleep till I feel better or drink more until the alcohol euphoria takes over .
If I were sensible I 'd go to bed .
I 've consumed half a bottle of rum in two hours and that should be more than enough for me .
But this is an experiment so it 's onwards and upwards .
I am doing myself definite damage but this may be the last time and at least it is documented .
I do n't actually want to drink anymore alcohol .
I could easily pour the remaining half bottle away .
It is very good that I feel this way - it means that I have some control over my addiction .
My overall feeling currently is just tired .
I 'd still like to sleep .
The alcohol is depressing all my body 's systems and they want to switch off .
This is partly due to old age - my body is weaker and needs more rest .
Alcohol is a potent depressant drug and in the absence of stimulation the tendency is to sleep .
Everything is starting to switch off now and the prospect of sleep is very real .
By 4 pm I am still tired and sleepy with just over half the bottle gone .
But this is the low point and soon the alcohol will begin to lift me and make me feel euphoric .
The interesting thing though is that it 's not really worth a candle and I 'd rather be sober and sharp .
However , if I was still a practicing alcoholic , the alternative of sober and sharp would n't be available .
My relationship with alcohol has changed as I 've got older and my metabolism is less able to handle it .
Whereas before alcohol would make me feel happy and confident , now it makes me sick and tired .
It 's the difference between drinking in your twenties and drinking in your thirties and forties .
The damage to the body catches up to you and your metabolism begins to creak .
I will hit my euphoric high later on but it will be at a severe physical cost as I will discover tomorrow .
Alcohol is a drug .
Alcoholism is an addiction .
There are four significant facts about alcohol addiction :
1 ) The drug is legal ( if you are over 18 ) .
2 ) The drug is relatively cheap .
3 ) The drug is readily available .
4 ) The drug is socially acceptable .
If I was an addict of any other drug I would by now almost certainly be either on the street , in prison or dead .
Drugs rob us of our intellect and our morals .
Eventually they will rob us of our health , our freedom and even our sanity .
Why does anyone take a recreational drug ?
Well , I think it 's a combination of excitement and escape .
But what is it that we are trying to escape from ?
What is it in society that drives our need to escape ?
Modern society is very stressful .
The pressures on the population are intense and growing .
There is little security and there is little support for those who fall by the wayside .
Even in the so - called free society of the west , there is little real freedom .
We have exchanged our individual freedom for a culture of corporate slavery in a hierarchy that is accountable to no one except faceless shareholders .
The system is called capitalism .
Now unfettered due to the collapse of the communist threat , the capitalistic greed is running rampant and those in power use their positions to pressurise those beneath them for the maximum benefit of themselves .
In many ways this is astonishing .
The purpose of leadership should be to sacrifice oneself to the benefit of those being led but capitalism seems to operate to the contrary .
To be fair communism is no better and probably worse because it is a dictatorship but in a democracy we should expect more from our leaders .
We spend about eight hours asleep and this is our freedom - our time with God .
We spend about eight hours at work .
No freedom here for most just rules and regulations imposed in large part by fools and bullies .
This leaves a maximum of eight hours to administrate our lives : pay bills , commute to work , do house work and generally survive with maybe only two or three hours of real ' free ' time .
I believe much of the problem lies at work .
We need to move away from capitalism and towards a more cooperative society .
Capitalism plays to greed .
It plays to short term views .
It plays to , if not outright dishonesty , to something less than the truth .
To less than excellence .
" And what is good , Phaedrus ,
And what is not good .
Need we ask anyone to tell us these things ? "
( from ' Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance ' by Robert M. Pirsig )
We all know what is good , we all know what is excellent .
Why do n't we try harder to achieve it for ourselves and for others .
It 's 5 - 30 pm and I have slowed my drinking .
I am inebriated .
Not drunk but chilled out .
I 've now drunk two thirds of the bottle .
The sleepiness has gone and I am beginning to feel cheerful , optimistic , euphoric and powerful .
The nicest thing about getting inebriated and euphoric is the optimism .
Now I can view my future in a much more positive light .
What do I know ?
To the positive :
1 ) I am reasonably bright .
2 ) I am well educated .
3 ) I like my book .
4 ) I still have an I.T. career .
To the negative :
1 ) I am getting old .
2 ) I am a recovering alcoholic .
3 ) I am bored working with computers .
4 ) No publisher likes my book .
Alcohol moves my perspective to the positive but it is a fool 's gold because to make the most of the positives above , I need to be stone cold sober .
Getting drunk or inebriated for me is a largely pleasant process .
I am a happy drunk .
I am not aggressive or violent .
I am relaxed and cheerful .
Also , I am happy to drink at home , alone .
When I was younger , I would prefer to drink in a pub or club and in company .
While drinking I would enjoy playing pool or dancing depending on the venue .
6 pm has arrived .
There is a fifth of a bottle left , which is very little in terms of an alcoholic 's perception .
I am drunk and I will pay for my high tomorrow when I begin to sober up .
Getting up there is easy no matter what drug you choose to use .
Alcohol , amphetamine , coke , e , heroin , crack or hash .
You can get up there with anything but can you come back down ?
It 's the down that hurts .
It 's 7 pm and I am definitely very drunk .
It feels good but there are no real advantages at all .
I am again feeling very tired and I just want to sleep and pretend that if only I were more sociable I could find a woman who'd like to spend time with me .
Deep within me I know that this is bollocks .
The bottle is empty and now I am in a bad state .
There is nothing pleasant to say about my descent to a state of manic euphoria .
I am desperately tired .
" Fuck you .
What do you know ?
Nothing .
I am the way , the truth and the light and I am dying .
Will you fight to save me ?
I do n't think so .
The horsemen of the apocalypse are on their way and there is little to stop them .
I have had enough in all respects .
I have drunk enough , I have thought enough and I have lived enough . "
I stagger upstairs to bed and collapse .
Desperately Seeking Sex & Sobriety - Copyright Paul Pisces 2002 -2004
( A Cautionary Tale of Sex Tourism , Drugs , Alcohol , Prostitution & Suicide )
Keywords : Effects , Drinking , Story , Alcohol , Autobiography , Book , Books
Back to Director 's Cut
It 's official : President Bush is the most unpopular President for the longest stretch of time in American history .
Keith reports on the latest poll findings confirming this sad , sad fact , and conservative Republican & former Reagan Deputy AG Bruce Fein talks about why Bush must be impeached .
Download Download
What makes this most recent poll incredible is the fact that Bush still has almost * two years left in office ( or 544 days ) .
Like they say in a limbo competition , " How low can he go ? "
Mr Fein was on Bill Moyers ' Journal a few weeks back making the most persuasive impeachment case I 've heard thus far .
Check it out .
* corrected .
The average adult laughs 17 times a day .
iStockphoto.com / Yuri Arcurs
Here 's a joke :
The president of GM smiles and says , " Because the federal government wo n't let us build cars that crash four times a day . "
Bill Gates and the president of General Motors have met for lunch , and Bill is going on and on about computer technology .
" If automotive technology had kept pace with computer technology over the past few decades , you would now be driving a V - 32 instead of a V - 8 , and it would have a top speed of 10,000 miles per hour , " says Gates .
" Or , you could have an economy car that weighs 30 pounds and gets a thousand miles to a gallon of gas .
In either case , the sticker price of a new car would be less than $ 50 .
Why have n't you guys kept up ?
" The president of GM smiles and says , " Because the federal government wo n't let us build cars that crash four times a day . "
Why is that funny ( or not funny , as the case may be ) ?
Human beings love to laugh , and the average adult laughs 17 times a day .
Humans love to laugh so much that there are actually industries built around laughter .
Jokes , sitcoms and comedians are all designed to get us laughing , because laughing feels good .
For us it seems so natural , but the funny thing is that humans are one of the only species that laughs .
Laughter is actually a complex response that involves many of the same skills used in solving problems .
Advertisement
Advertisement
­ Laughter is a great thing -- that 's why we 've all heard the saying , " Laughter is the best medicine . "
There is strong evidence that laughter can actually improve health and help fight disease .
In this article , we 'll look at laughter -- what it is , what happens in our brains when we laugh , what makes us laugh and how it can make us healthier and happier .
You 'll also learn that there 's a tremendous amount that no one understands yet .
The 15 - year - old was fast asleep high up on the crane 's arm
Police and firefighters were called to a building site in south east London , after a passer - by spotted the girl .
The unnamed 15 - year - old had apparently left her home near the site , climbed the crane and walked across a narrow beam while remaining fast asleep .
The girl was rescued unharmed in the incident which happened on 25 June but has only just been revealed by police .
Mobile phone
Police were initially called at 0130 BST amid fears she was about to throw herself off but when a firefighter scaled the crane he found her curled up asleep on top of a concrete counterweight high above the ground .
Fearing to wake her in case she should panic and fall off the arm , the firefighter is understood to have found her mobile phone and called her parents from the top of the crane .
They then phoned her to wake her up .
She was eventually brought down by hydraulic lift and taken to hospital for checks but was found to have suffered no ill effects .
Expert Irshaad Ebrahim , of the London Sleep Centre , told the Times newspaper he had treated people who had driven cars and ridden horses while asleep .
He said one patient had even attempted to fly a helicopter .
Sleepwalking affects one in 10 people at least once in their lives .
Most incidents are short and are not dangerous but it can sometimes result in injury .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Bush administration asked Congress on Friday to expand the number of people it can subject to electronic surveillance in the United States .
President George W. Bush talks during a meeting on the No Child Left Behind ( NCLB ) Reauthorization with education stakeholders in the Roosevelt Room of The White House in Washington April 12 , 2007 .
The Bush administration asked Congress on Friday to expand the number of people it can subject to electronic surveillance in the United States .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
The request was contained in a proposed bill authored by intelligence and Justice Department officials that also protects companies that cooperate with spy operations .
Legislation submitted a week ahead of a Senate hearing on government surveillance practices calls for the 1978 law that governs eavesdropping operations to be updated to combat the threat from Islamist militants who use computer and wireless technology that did not exist in the 1970s .
It was not clear what kind of reception the proposal would receive in Congress , where Democrats took over in January for the first time since 1994 .
But the move was likely to reinvigorate a congressional debate over the effectiveness of the generation - old Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Several efforts to update the law , designed to oversee electronic eavesdropping against foreign agents operating inside the United States , failed in Congress last year .
“ The Justice Department is selling this new bill as a better way to protect our privacy and civil liberties .
Lawmakers should reject such false advertising , ” said Caroline Fredrickson of the American Civil Liberties Union .
FISA , which requires the government to get court warrants for surveillance , was at the center of political controversy over President George W. Bush ’s domestic spying program , which allowed the National Security Agency to eavesdrop on the international telephone calls and e-mails of U.S. citizens without warrants .
The program was suspended for a review by a secret federal court that grants FISA warrants .
TWO NEW CATEGORIES
Senior administration officials , who spoke to reporters only on condition of anonymity , said they proposed to add two new categories of non-U.S. persons to FISA ’s definition for foreign agents who can be targeted for surveillance .
Under current law , a U.S. person is either a U.S. citizen or a foreign national with permanent residence status .
“ It adds a new category of individuals to the non-U.S. person - agent - of - a- foreign - power definition to include people who we believe have significant foreign intelligence information but where the relationship between that person and the foreign power is unclear , ” said one official .
Foreign powers can include the governments of other countries as well as militant groups including al Qaeda .
A second new category of foreign agents would be non-U.S. persons involved in a deliberate attempt to proliferate weapons of mass destruction .
The bill extends the life of court warrants that authorize eavesdropping on non-U.S. persons from 120 days to one year .
It also shields companies against legal liabilities if they participate in “ lawful ” eavesdropping activities .
Major telecommunications companies accused of participating in the NSA spying program have faced federal lawsuits charging involvement in illegal espionage .
Another main thrust of the bill is to drop FISA provisions by dropping references to older technology and refocusing the instead law on categories of persons who can be targeted .
Asking sleep experts for advice on how to put children to bed often feels like an exercise in futility .
The standard tips are banal and predictable : avoid caffeine ; remove the TV from their bedroom ; do n’t sleep on a full stomach ; put up dark blinds .
You have the feeling the experts are holding out on us — there has to be something more .
And there is .
Here ’s the stuff they ’d love to tell you , if they were n’t afraid of overwhelming you with science .
• Ever wonder why most people sleep better when their bedrooms are cool ?
It ’s because the circadian rhythm system that helps regulate sleep cycles is not just light sensitive , it ’s temperature sensitive .
Anything above a neutral air temperature both slows the body ’s initiation of sleep and changes sleep patterns — a hotter room means an increase in non-REM sleep .
• 77 percent of children use television as part of their pre-bedtime routine .
Sitting still and vegging out for half an hour should , theoretically , help a child unwind , as long as they ’re not watching a show that excites them too much .
However , the brightness of the screen undermines the theory .
The light from a television or computer can delay both the necessary drop in core body temperature and melatonin production — and thus delaying sleep onset — by two hours .
• We ’re all familiar with the agony of being super exhausted , yet not being able to fall asleep for hours .
What gives ?
It ’s because after just a few days of shortened sleep , the brain starts making extra stress hormone cortisol .
It takes six times as long for this stress hormone to drop to a low - enough level that sleep is possible .
• In one study of 170 children , those in white - collar families tended to be in bed later and get up earlier than those in working - class families .
Yet they actually got more actual sleep .
How is that possible ?
It ’s because their bedtimes and wake - times were more consistent ; they stuck to their routine .
This made their sleep more efficient — they rolled around in bed far less .
• Inconsistent bedtimes are , for all practical purposes , homemade jet lag — the desynchronization of the two systems that regulate sleep , the circadian rhythm and the homeostatic pressure system .
Staying up three hours later on weekends is equivalent to flying across three time zones every weekend .
• With children averaging three hours of television per day , it ’s hard to make the case children are universally overscheduled .
But the most driven children are the most overscheduled — and the most sleep deprived .
In some ways , these busy overachievers are those who concern the experts the most .
According to University of Minnesota ’s Dr. Kyla Wahlstrom , a motivated student can sacrifice sleep to maintain high GPAs , but she may pay for that success with higher levels of depression and stress .
Teen boys who have a high number of extracurriculars are significantly more likely to be involved in a fall - asleep car crash .
And those with part - time jobs both sleep less and have lower grades .
• For the majority of kids , rather than thinking it ’s a choice between sleep and activities , the opposite is true : Students who sleep more are involved in more afterschool activities — with no detriment to their grades .
They have the energy to be involved .
Schools that have delayed start times have seen their students sleep more and increase their participation in sports and extracurriculars .
• Naps are not quite the salve we imagine .
They appease the homeostatic pressure system , but not the circadian .
You wake up feeling better — a two - hour nap is equivalent to 150 mg of caffeine — but naps do nothing to repair diminished cognitive functioning .
The intellect is just as dulled after the nap as before .
Kindergartners who take long naps , for instance , do worse on puzzle - solving .
• 16 percent of kids snore a few times a week .
As recently as 2002 , the American Academy of Pediatrics opined that children ’s snoring was a benign condition not warranting treatment .
Just five years later , researchers now caution that kids ’ snoring is not like adult snoring at all — even a little snoring is a major cause for concern , because their developing brains can be deprived of oxygen .
• Common sleep disorders such as nightmares , restless leg syndrome , and frequent night waking can have a startlingly negative impact on children ’s development — from using drugs at 14 to having clinical - level anxiety as adults .
Research by University of Michigan ’s Dr. Ronald Chervin indicates as many as 25 percent of kids diagnosed with ADHD have an underlying sleep disorder causing their symptoms .
If treated for their sleep disorder , the ADHD would magically disappear .
Despite the risks posed by sleep disturbance , the number of children treated for them is “ vanishingly small . ”
Parents should consult a qualified sleep specialist — few pediatricians have expertise with sleep problems .
Waiting to see if a child grows out of a sleep problem is n’t the answer .
SEE ALSO :
• Can a Lack of Sleep Hurt Your Child ’s Cognitive Skills ?
【 ABOUT 】
Three Rings Design was expanding , taking over a large empty room .
They needed desks , they needed a hang out space , and , as a small independent video game design company , they needed it all to be really interesting and fun .
A space to gain and keep talent .
A fun place that employees could feel a proud connection to .
We pitched several crazy design concepts , and finally landed on a homage to Jules Verne ' Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea ' .
We created underwater portholes and Engine silhouettes as space dividers , a Victorian looking pool table and a " nautilus " themed bar in the hang out space .
Drapes were hung over the windows and decorative covers placed on the hanging florescent lights .
We designed a huge " octopus attack " couch and turned the bike storage area into the " engine room " .
Decorative details were put in where ever we could fit them , and the staff of artists helped out by drawing many of the elements .
We even worked with each artist to design their own desk .
We created a template desk that allowed for different designs to be created out of the back and sides .
The staff had a blast helping with the project , and in the end were invested and proud of the space .
A Brief History of Corewar
1984 March - Core War Guidelines by D. G. Jones and A. K. Dewdney introduce Redcode and the MARS ( Memory Array Redcode Simulator ) virtual computer May - A. K. Dewdney introduces Corewar in his Computer Recreations column in Scientific American May - Kevin A. Bjorke releases C source for his Mars implementation June - Berry Kercheval posts his C Mars implementation to Usenet
1985 March - A. K. Dewdney 's second Corewar article appears in Scientific American Robert Martin publishes his implementation of Corewar for the Macintosh International Core Wars Society formed , with Mark Clarkson as director
1986 May - ICWS '86 Redcode Standard First International Core War Tournament held in Boston , Mass .
Chip Wendell takes first place with Mice , followed by Chang1 by Morrison J. Chang .
Third place goes to Midget , another of Chip Wendell 's warriors
1987 January - A. K. Dewdney 's third Corewar article appears in Scientific American March - first issue of The Core War Newsletter , with William R. Buckley as editor The Core War Colosseum - AMRAN Software 's Mars June - second issue of The Core War Newsletter The Japan Core Wars Society , or ICWS Japan is formed September - third issue of The Core War Newsletter Second Annual International Core Wars Society Tournament .
First place goes to Ferret by Robert R. Reed III .
Plague by Ron Paludan takes second place , followed by Chip Wendell 's Piper in third William R. Buckley is appointed the second director of the ICWS
1988 The Armchair Universe by A. K. Dewdney 1988 Core War Programmers Open - a double - elimination tournament sponsored by Mark Durham Winter - fourth issue of The Core War Newsletter Spring - fifth issue of The Core War Newsletter Summer - sixth issue of The Core War Newsletter Third Annual International Core Wars Society Tournament .
In first place - Cowboy by Eugene P. Lilitko .
Second goes to Lux2t by Luca Crosara , with MuleDna by Douglas McDaniels taking third Fall - seventh issue of The Core War Newsletter , edited by Jeff Spira ICWS '88 Redcode Standard
1989 Fourth Annual International Core Wars Society Tournament .
Hypray by Bono Francesco claims first place , followed by Wang1 by Alan Wang and Powerbomb by Bram Cohen Stefan Strack releases CoreWar Pro
1990 Summer - eighth issue of The Core War Newsletter , edited by William R. Buckley Fall - ninth issue of The Core War Newsletter , edited by Mark A. Durham Fifth ICWS Tournament .
Paper by Scott Nelson holds first place , followed by DoubleStorm II by Matthew J. Chung and XTC by Stefan Röttger The Coreworld : Emergence and Evolution of Cooperative Structures in a Computational Chemistry , Steen Rasmussen et al .
1991 Winter - tenth issue of The Core War Newsletter rec.games .corewar formed EBS Tournament 1991 ICWS Tournament .
Stefan Röttger takes first place with XTC December - William Shubert announces his play - by - email King of the Hill server
1992 EBS Valentine Tournament February - Jon Newman takes over the directorship of the ICWS Spring - eleventh issue of The Core War Newsletter Summer - twelveth issue of The Core War Newsletter Fall - thirteenth issue of The Core War Newsletter October - Anders Ivner invents the imp ring EBS Tournament ICWS 1992 Tournament .
Nándor Sieben and Ander Ivner tie for first place Core Wars Genetics : The Evolution of Predation by John Perry Work begins on the ICWS '94 Draft Standard
1993 Albert Ma releases Mercury , his speedy new assembly language Mars implementation A portable C Mars named pMARS becomes available Optima released by Nándor Sieben EBS Summer Tournament - Dan Nabutovsky and W. Mintardjo battle in the final , with Dan emerging victorious June - Scott Ellentuch sets up the new King of the Hill server at Stormking September - W. Mintardjo's Sphinx v2.8 makes Corewar history by becoming the first warrior to reach the age of 2000 , finally dropping off the hill age 2102 26 issues of Push Off Michael 's New Corewar Tournament EBS Fall ' 93 Tournament Winter - fourteenth issue of The Core War Newsletter Spring - fifteenth issue of The Core War Newsletter Summer - sixteenth issue of The Core War Newsletter 1993 Annual ICWS Tournament .
Paul Kline claims first place with Cannonade , followed by Anders Ivner and Stefan Strack
1994 March - seventeenth issue of The Core War Newsletter EBS Spring ' 94 Tournament April - Thomas H. Davies provides the Pizza King of the Hill server The final 2 issues of Push Off Issues 1 to 14 of The ' 94 Warrior My First Corewar Book by Steven Morrell Fall - eighteenth and final issue of The Core War Newsletter Corestep released by Jay Han
1995 P - Space invented Nándor and Stefan 's Fall Core War Tournament - after 9 rounds , Steven Morrell emerges champion , with Robert Macrae and Paul Kline as runners - up 9 issues ( 1 to 9 ) of Core Warrior Planar 's Warrior Archive Steven 's Page No 1
1996 March - Intelligent Warrior Tournament , Kurt Franke claims first place with System Trap Steven 's Page No 2 Mathematical Models for Step Sizes by Steven Morrell Mount Olympus - the first infinite hill May - The Battle Royal - Iocane takes first place for John K. Wilkinson June - Robert Macrae 's Thermite II becomes the second warrior in history to reach the age of 2000 , surviving to a final age of 2262 The Wilkies benchmark is published by John K. Wilkinson Beppe 's Direct Elimination Core War Tournament - winner Philip Kendall 44 issues ( 10 to 53 ) of Core Warrior 13 issues of Steve 's Guide for Beginners Wilbez advanced benchmark
1997 Anton 's Core War Tournament Koenigstuhl , Christoph C. Birk 's infinite hills Franz releases SYS4 , his Perl Corewar evolver Jason Boer releases the GA_WAR .C evolver 10 issues ( 54 to 63 ) of Core Warrior
1998 January - Redcode Maniacs Tournament - after 9 rounds , first place is taken by David Moore , followed by Robert Macrae then John K Wilkinson April - Ilmari's Mini Tournament # 1 - won by Philip Kendall .
Second place goes to Robert Macrae 6 issues ( 64 to 69 ) of Core Warrior The Oversby Autumn 1998 Tournament - after 8 rounds , M. Joonas Pihlaja is declared victor , followed by Christian Schmidt and Robert Macrae Wilmoo benchmark David Moore 's ' 88 benchmark Redmaker is released by Terry Newton , a Corewar evolver
1999 May - Intelligent Warrior Tournament .
In the final showdown , John K. Wilkinson is proclaimed winner after defeating David Moore October - Ilmari's Mini Tournament # 2 - in which h1_36.red evolved by Dave Hillis captures first place .
Next are Ken Espiritu and Ransom Smith in second and third places 7 issues ( 70 to 76 ) of Core Warrior #COREWARS IRC channel created on irc.
KOTH.org
2000 Koth Fall Corewars Tournament ( Kofacoto ) .
After the preliminary four rounds , eight players go through to the playoffs .
Robert Macrae succeeds against Michal Janeczek in the final round to take first place .
Michal is left with second , while third goes to David Moore 2 issues ( 77 to 78 ) of Core Warrior Lukasz Adamowski creates the Polish Hills Walter Hofmann creates the Sourceforge Hills Exhaust is released by M. Joonas Pihlaja , an easy to embed C Mars Y.A.C.E. is released by Martin Ankerl , Yet Another Corewar Evolver Redrace is released by Dave Hillis , a Corewar evolver
2001 1 issue ( 79 ) of Core Warrior
2002 Spring / Summer 2002 Corewar Tournament .
After five rounds , first place is held by Michal Janeczek .
Steve Gunnell takes second place , with Philip Thorne in third 5 issues ( 80 to 84 ) of Core Warrior Wilfiz benchmark
2003 Redcoders Frenzy : The Ongoing Corewar Tournament Will Varfar releases Species , his Corewar evolver March - the weekly IRC Tournaments begin Loren Jamison releases CRE , his Corewar evolver 4 issues ( 85 to 88 ) of Core Warrior Barkley Vowk releases CCAI , his distributed evolver Chip Wendell releases CoreWin , a feature packed Windows Mars Fizzle is released by Terry Newton , his latest evolver October - Oversby / Pihlaja 's Son of Vain becomes the third warrior to pass the age of 2000 .
Son of Vain finally left the hill with a record age of 2573 The SAL hills are opened
2004 2 issues ( 89 to 90 ) of Core Warrior 1 issue of Tinywarrior Optimax is released , a multi-stage optimizer written in Perl ICC2004 meeting held in Berlin Michal Janeczek releases fMars
2005 1 issue ( 91 ) of Core Warrior 2 issues of Tinywarrior Terry Newton releases REBS , a Corewar evolver 2 issues of Core Explorer Corewar Single Elimination Tournament 2005 - after 5 rounds Chip Wendell claims first place , with Roy van Rijn taking second , and S. Fernandes third
2006 First issue of nanoWarrior 2006 Corewar Spring Tournament - after 5 rounds double elimination , Chip Wendell takes first place , followed by Zul Nadzri and Neogryzor .
2007 Down The Core And More tournament - after 3 rounds , Inversed takes first place followed by Chip Wendell and Mizcu .
February - Muddy Mouse ( RBv1.6r1.1.231 ) evolved by The MicroGP Corewars Collective passes the age of 2000 on SAL 's nano hill .
1 issue ( 92 ) of Core Warrior 1 issue ( 02 ) of nanoWarrior
2008 1 issue ( 03 ) of nanoWarrior
2009 Christian Schmidt opens The Corewar Dynahill 1 issue ( 04 ) of Tinywarrior
2010 3 issues ( 1 to 3 ) of Redcode Talk The First International Corewar Programming Contest - Inversed takes first place , followed by Roy van Rijn and Zul Nadzri
2011 The Second International Corewar Programming Contest - Inversed takes first place , followed by Roy van Rijn and Dave Hillis 1 issue ( 4 ) of Redcode Talk
2012
2013
2014 Gérman Labarga claimed first place in the Spring 2014 Core War Tournament at The Centre for Computing History in Cambridge The Halloween Core War Tournament - inversed takes first place , followed by Roy van Rijn and Robert Macrae
2015 The Valentine Core War Tournament - Steve Gunnell claims first place 1 issue ( 01 ) of CoreOps Christian Schmidt and John Metcalf share first place in the Tiny Stone Challenge
Tags
Jane Jacobs is one of those intellectuals who seem ever on the periphery of the libertarian movement .
Her book , The Death and Life of Great American Cities , can be found on the shelves of many a libertarian , though often unread .
Perhaps this is because her name tends to be associated with leftish intellectuals who decry the rise of the suburbs and the decline of the downtowns , even though Jacobs strongly resists being labeled by any ideological movement , left , right , or other .
What is not commonly known , however , is that her works are full of arguments and insights on the economic nature of communities , on central planning , and on ethics that libertarians would find original and enlightening .
While gaps in her knowledge of economic theory and economic thought have disadvantaged her in some respects ( e.g. , the naïve criticisms of Adam Smith in her The Economy of Cities ) , it has also enabled her considerable powers of observation , intelligence , and good common sense to paint the nature of social processes in ways that are for economists in particular fresh and perhaps even inspiring .
( See from the mainstream , for example , Harvard economist Edward Glaeser 's research on cities ( Glaeser , et al. 1992 ) . )
Jacobs on Spontaneous Order
In the works of Jacobs , the order present in a well - functioning urban area emerges as the result of human action but not human design .
It arises from a myriad of individuals each pursuing their own interest and carrying out their own plans , within a framework of rules that encourages peaceful cooperation over violent aggression .
One of Jacobs 's major contributions is her conception of cities as " problems of organized complexity , " which entail " dealing simultaneously with a sizeable number of factors which are interrelated into an organic whole " ( The Death and Life of Great American Cities , p. 432 ) .
Her theory of the evolution of cities ( see below ) , as well as her explanation of the dynamics of economic expansion and contraction , trace the emergence and changes over time in urban institutions and community networks of trust back to the decisions of individual agents , with their " eyes on the street , " as they interact with one another in public spaces .
Jacobs 's detailed description of the functioning of healthy urban neighborhoods is based on her close observation of them .
In such places , there are people , interested in the neighborhood , on the street throughout most of the day .
Early in the morning , workers head off to their jobs in other neighborhoods as well as entering the neighborhood to work .
Soon thereafter , parents transporting their children to school appear on the street .
Shops open , and shopkeepers , anxious that the area of their business not frighten away customers due to dangers present in the area , keep a close eye on the sidewalks .
Mothers with preschool children head to the parks , workers come out to eat lunch in them , and shoppers come and go from area stores .
In the early evening workers again come and go from the neighborhood .
As night falls , restaurants , bars , and nightclubs keep the sidewalks lively — and generally safe .
The role of paid law enforcers in providing urban safety is decidedly secondary for Jacobs .
All of this is in sharp contrast to the life of the neighborhoods beloved by mid-century urban planners .
There , " rational " planning kept uses strictly separate , with offices , factories , shops , and residences segregated into their own areas by strict zoning laws .
As a result , neighborhood streets would be deserted for long stretches of time — and therefore dangerous .
The increased danger would serve to further discourage pedestrian use of the streets .
Jacobs on the Nature of Planning
Jacobs also presents a methodologically individualist and subjectivist critique of heavy - handed local planning .
She argues that such planning fails to take into account the subtleties of the knowledge possessed only by the individuals on the scene ( for which she coined the term " locality knowledge " ) , and that it inappropriately imitates nineteenth - century physical sciences ( The Death and Life of Great American Cities , p. 436 ) .
( The parallels with Hayek 's conceptions of spontaneous order , local knowledge , and scientism are striking , especially since she was unfamiliar with Hayek 's work at the time . )
It does n't hurt to have some people thinking of a neighborhood as a whole .
But those people need n't be city planners — they could be large landlords , neighborhood association heads , or other sorts of voluntary organizations .
( For example , see the work of Spencer H. MacCallum . )
Some libertarians may bristle when they realize that Jacobs aims her criticisms not only at government planning but also at private planning , which she argues can also be heavy - handed .
While Jacobs 's innate grasp of the power of voluntary exchange and spontaneous order sometimes fails to overcome her lack of training in the fundamentals of economics ( there is almost no mention in her earlier work , for example , of the deleterious effects of rent controls on the housing stock of cities ) , this is not the case here .
It 's true that perhaps the most important lessons that economics teaches us do concern the limitations and failures of government , yet ordinary people can still profit from applying to their decision making the economic concepts of , for example , opportunity cost , the law of demand , and marginal revenue .
In other words , appreciating the dependence of locality knowledge and networks of trust , which support economic development , on the design of public spaces may be quite as important to profit - seeking private developers as it should be to those concerned with public planning .
There is , of course , a tendency for the profit motive to direct private development in directions that Jacobs would find congenial , and she seems to have come to appreciate this in her later writings ( e.g. , The Nature of Economies ) .
Jacobs often looked at the issue of urban planning , exhibiting great insight into its essential nature .
For example , commenting on the schemes of the famed early planner , Ebenezer Howard , she says :
" [ Howard 's ] aim was the creation of self - sufficient small towns , really very nice towns if you were docile and had no plans of your own and did not mind spending your life among others with no plans of their own .
As in all Utopias , the right to have plans of any significance belonged only to the planners in charge " ( The Death and Life of Great American Cities , p. 17 ) .
In similar fashion , she dissects the work of one of the luminaries of twentieth - century city planning :
" Le Corbusier 's Utopia was a condition of what he called maximum liberty , by which he seems to have meant not liberty to do anything much , but liberty from ordinary responsibility .
. . .
Nobody was going to have to struggle with plans of his own " ( Ibid. , p. 22 ) .
It is interesting to compare Jacobs with Mises on planners :
" [ The planners ] are driven by the dictatorial complex .
They want to deal with their fellow men in the way an engineer deals with the materials out of which he builds houses , bridges , and machines .
They want to substitute " social engineering " for the actions of their fellow citizens and their own unique all - comprehensive plan for the plans of all other people .
They see themselves in the role of the dictator — the duce , the Führer , the production tsar — in whose hands all other specimens of mankind are merely pawns .
If they refer to society as an acting agent , they mean themselves .
If they say that conscious action of society is to be substituted for the prevailing anarchy of individualism , they mean their own consciousness alone and not that of anybody else " ( The Ultimate Foundation of Economic Science ) .
It is perhaps Jacobs 's dissection of particular planning schemes that did the most to establish her reputation .
She noted that the schemes of the mid-century urban planners could not have destroyed neighborhoods better if they had been designed to do so .
She famously derided the urban planning schemes of Le Corbusier and his numerous twentieth - century followers ( e.g. , Robert Moses ) as creating " skyscrapers in a park " ( The Death and Life of Great American Cities , p. 21 ) .
She described the process by which a highway run through the heart of a neighborhood could destroy it by creating a " border vacuum , " rendered lifeless and ultimately unsafe by the lack of people venturing across it ( Ibid. , pp. 257–69 ) .
Similarly , she noted that the planners ' infatuation with building as many parks as possible , wherever they could be stuffed in , often resulted in deserted parks that were breeding grounds for crime and decay ( Ibid. , pp. 89–106 ) .
Urban planners have traditionally been blind to the unseen fiber that holds successful communities together , or what Nathan Glazer has termed " the fine structure of society . "
This consists of networks of trust and norms of reciprocity that have emerged over time , which promote the process of voluntary exchange , and that large - scale projects run the risk of wiping out .
Any attempt to oversee economic development should take into account the importance of informal contact , which Jacobs describes as the " small change " that forms the basis of the fine structure .
( Jacobs called the latter " social capital " in 1961 , making her perhaps the first to coin the term ( Ibid. , p. 138 ) . )
Exchange Created Cities and Agriculture
In a remarkable insight , reminiscent of Carl Menger 's insight on the origin of money , Jacobs presents a theory that the origins of cities , agriculture , and animal husbandry lie in exchange .
Her theory is fully cognizant of the principles of human action and what we can realistically imagine the situation of those first urbanites to have been , as they would have understood it .
Jacobs contends that both animal husbandry and agriculture were most likely to have originated in the earliest urban settlements .
Further , those settlements were the result of Paleolithic trade , and it was the intensification of trade in those early cities that paved the way for the development of agriculture and animal husbandry .
To illustrate her theory , Jacobs tells the story of a fictional Paleolithic city she calls " New Obsidian . "
New Obsidian arose at a site near a tribe living close to a volcano , where a great deal of obsidian could be found .
Because obsidian was such a valuable material to a stone - age culture , that tribe was sitting on a great natural source of wealth and had an impetus to trade .
Jacobs supposes , though , that it was in the area of a tribe near the volcanic tribe where New Obsidian actually arose .
( The supposition is not crucial to her theory . )
The tribe living near the volcano is not anxious to allow others into its valuable territory , so it brings its obsidian to the nearby tribe , and relies on it as an intermediary in the obsidian trade .
As traders from more distant tribes gather to trade in that central location , establishing at first temporary and later more permanent dwellings , people , ideas , and goods from a diversity of backgrounds and cultures mingle .
From this not only tolerance of other tastes and beliefs emerges , but also new ideas , religions , and products .
Such creativity and opportunity attract ever more traders and immigrants to New Obsidian , continuing a virtuous circle in which new ideas in arts , commerce , and culture are brought forth in creative bursts over time .
As noted , the trade in obsidian with neighboring tribes led to an increased variety of goods entering New Obsidian .
The vast majority of those goods were food - related .
Since the traders might have had to travel some distance to New Obsidian , they would want to trade with goods that kept well .
The most likely food items would have been live animals and edible seeds .
Menger and Mises pointed out that it is absurd to suppose that one day , a king thought to himself , " let 's have a standard medium of exchange , " prior to anyone having experience with a medium of exchange .
Employing similar reasoning , Jacobs notes that it makes little sense to suppose that a person or a group of people one day simply decided to domesticate animals :
" The stewards [ of animals used for trade in New Obsidian ] are intelligent men , and are fully capable of solving problems and of catching insights from experience .
But experience has not provided them yet with any idea that can be called ' trying to domesticate animals ' " ( The Economy of Cities , p. 26 ) .
Rather , the rational desire to slaughter those animals brought in that are the hardest to maintain ( males and the more rambunctious ) and to keep those easier to maintain ( females and the more docile ) for longer periods , had the unintended consequence of initiating the art of animal husbandry .
Likewise , the accidental mingling of seeds and grain from diverse regions stored in common bins resulted in the unintentional hybridization of new forms of harvestable crops , some of which were tastier or more fruitful than others .
These would fetch higher prices so that warehouse tenders would have an incentive keep an eye out for them and store some for future planting .
Thus were the beginnings of agriculture .
It is a combination of self - interest , alertness , and trade that constitutes the genesis and emergence of cities , and it is a similar combination of factors that give rise to husbandry and agriculture .
Indeed , Jacobs argues that it can only be in very large settlements , such as her imaginary New Obsidian , that the serendipity that is the genesis of such practices ( and probably also the higher crafts , writing , and the sciences ) could ever hope to occur .
Thus , she concludes , somewhat counterintuitively , that cities had to precede , not follow , rural development ( The Economy of Cities , pp. 3 – 48 ) .
Jacobs and Libertarianism
Jacobs claims her keen understanding of urban processes originates by thinking inductively , rather than by proceeding explicitly from grand philosophical or ideological principles .
She has been for and against various government initiatives .
And the truth is that leftish intellectuals have indeed adopted many of her ideas .
Although Jacobs is not uniformly opposed to using coercive regulation ( e.g. , substituting zoning for size limitations of buildings for zoning for use ) , in our opinion , however , those intellectuals have adopted her ideas out of context .
That is , Jacobs 's descriptions of successful cities that have spontaneously formed walkable downtowns , mixed primary uses , short blocks , and buildings of a variety of styles and vintages have been interpreted by some as prescriptions for new , more enlightened forms of interventionist urban planning .
Those in what are known as The New Urbanism and Smart Growth movements are especially guilty of this .
Jacobs herself has criticized the New Urbanists :
" [ T ]he New Urbanists want to have lively centers in the places that they develop , where people run into each other doing errands and that sort of thing .
And yet , from what I 've seen of their plans and the places they have built , they do n't seem to have a sense of the anatomy of these hearts , these centers .
They 've placed them as if they were shopping centers .
They do n't connect . "
Despite her occasional advocacy of government intervention , there is a very strong libertarian tendency in Jacobs ' writings , even if she steadfastly refuses to be labeled .
Her Systems of Survival ( 1994 ) , for example , could be read as an analysis of why the mixed economy produces a kind of moral disequilibrium in which the clash of the ethics of the state with the ethics of trade generates a spiral of negative unintended consequences .
Jacobs is perhaps too inductivist for some Austrians and too willing to tolerate the limited use of regulation for some libertarians .
Nevertheless , she is a largely untapped source of ideas and insights for these two groups , and a friend in the fight against tyranny , both local and global .
Ultraswarm : A modified Proxflyer machine , with camera and Gumstix board , hovers in the arena .
It is being remotely controlled from the ground - based computer through a Bluetooth link – the control interface is visible in the top left of the screen , and the relatively large and heavy aerial can be seen pointing downward from the body of the helicopter .
The bottom left of the screen shows the view from the camera .
The right half of the screen shows a web page served up over the Bluetooth link by the web server running on the Gumstix board .
View Slideshow Darpa 's Grand Challenge may have looked tough , but it was a piece of cake compared to the challenge facing robots currently being developed by the U.S. Air Force .
Rather than maneuver driverless through miles of rough desert terrain , these will have to find their way into underground bunkers , map unknown facilities in three dimensions and identify what 's in them while avoiding detection – all without any human control .
This is well beyond the capability of any existing system , but the Air Force Research Laboratory , or AFRL , is putting its hopes on new software that lets robots learn , walk , see and interact far more intelligently than ever before .
It 's based on work by Stephen Thaler , who came to prominence 10 years ago with his brainchild the Creativity Machine .
This is software for generating new ideas on the basis of existing ones , and it has already written music , designed soft drinks , and discovered novel minerals that may rival diamonds in hardness .
The software is a type of neural network with two special features .
One introduces perturbations , or " noise , " into the network so that existing ideas get jumbled into new forms .
The second is a filter that assesses the new ideas against existing knowledge and discards those that are unsuitable .
Current applications range from detecting intruders in computer networks to developing new types of concrete and optimizing missile warheads .
Recently ,
Thaler has been working for the AFRL on what he calls Creative Robots , which joins his brand of AI to robotic hardware .
“ Dr. Thaler 's approach is clever and should have some interesting properties , ” said Michael Rilee , a NASA researcher who is working on a neural networking project to use bot swarms in space and planetary exploration , known as Autonomous Nano - Technology Swarm , or ANTS .
“ The chief novelty is in its use of neural nets to train other neural nets . ”
Self - learning and adaptability will be the key to success , and this is where the Creativity Machine excels .
Give it any set of robotic limbs and it will master locomotion within minutes without any programming , swiftly finding the most efficient way of moving toward a goal .
It will spontaneously develop new gaits for new challenges .
( Thaler recounts how a virtual robotic cockroach adopted a two - legged gait and ran on its hind legs , not unlike basilisk lizards , when it needed to move faster . )
Perhaps the most impressive – and spookiest – aspect of the project is the swarming behavior of the robots .
In computer simulations , they acted together to tackle obstacles and grouped together into defensive formations where needed , Thaler said .
They also worked out how to deal with defenders , and spontaneously devised the most efficient strategy for mapping their environment , he added .
" This approach has less chance of getting stuck than any other " when dealing with unpredictable obstacles , according to Lloyd Reshard , a senior electronics engineer at AFRL .
Thaler declined to describe his results in detail , but said his system has produced unspecified " humanlike capabilities . "
" I can relate the results of virtual - reality simulations , where swarms of Creativity Machine - based robots have deliberatively sacrificed one of their kind to distract a human guard , enabling the remainder to infiltrate a mock facility , " he said .
Owen Holland , a researcher at the University of Essex who is building an “ ultraswarm ” of miniature Bluetooth - connected helicopters , said neural networks can be very effective for dealing with changing circumstances : " If you rip a leg off , they 'll work out what 's happened , and re-evolve a different gait that works . "
Still , he admitted the swarm approach has its limits .
" The fundamental problem with the swarm intelligence approach is that we cannot usually go from a knowledge of what we want the system to do to a knowledge of the simple rules that will automatically produce the desired result when loaded onto the robots , ” he said .
“ I can't see us ever being able to do more than repeat the process using artificial evolution or some other open - ended search technique . "
Thaler ’s current project , which should be completed over the next six months , will develop a piece of software called CSMARRT ( for Creative , Self - Learning , Multi- Sensory , Adaptive , Reconfigurable , Robotics Toolbox ) .
The software can be used to design and model virtual robots that can be placed in virtual environments to learn and develop .
The user can then view the result to see how neural network modules have “ knitted ” themselves into complex control architectures .
This toolbox can create software to control any robotic hardware , handling locomotion , sensors and intelligent behavior to carry out a mission including swarming .
The AFRL will make this available to its customers – other branches of the U.S. military .
“ The biggest challenge is computing power , ” Reshard said .
Desktops PCs are more than powerful enough to run CSMARRT , but the aim is to get something that will run on as little computing power and fit into as small a package as possible .
Exactly how small is anyone 's guess , but AFRL left the impression of a scale of inches rather than feet .
The Air Force robots may look like cockroaches , or they may be " snakebots " like those currently in development .
Thaler has carried out validation tests by using the software to control small H3 " robot cockroaches . "
The results are classified , he said .
The AFRL says it has no immediate plans to build robot hardware , and the current program is concerned only with software .
However , a trawl of Pentagon budget documents turns up a number of hardware projects .
One , by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency , which is tasked with dealing with WMD threats , commences in fiscal year 2007 for " technology necessary for robotic systems to attack tunnel complexes " and another for " microdamage technologies " for " very small robotic weapons . "
The first market for Creative Robots will be the military , but given how easily this software can be transferred to other hardware , it could find civilian uses .
If made available for commercial and industrial use , CSMARRT could potentially turn any robot into part of a versatile swarm intelligence capable of learning and carrying out complex physical tasks .
There is still a long way to go from the lab to the field , however , and some remained unconvinced by Thaler 's hints of a breakthrough .
NASA ’s Rilee , for one , said he is still waiting to see whether the Creativity Machine can deliver on its ambitious aims .
" I do n't think we 've reached a critical point in recurrent neural network design and training to synthesize a brain from the neuron up , " he said .
AI Founder Blasts Modern Research
Robo Lobster to Sniff Out Mines
AI Reaches the Golden Years
The Truth Behind A.I .
Go Forth and Multiply , Little Bot
More Robot Grunts Ready for Duty
Pirate Parties around the world are protesting against a recent Net censorship proposal by EU Justice Commissioner Franco Frattini .
Frattini has recently been urging ministers at the European Union to consider censoring certain search keywords in a bid to curb terrorism .
Commissioner Frattini ’s plans are based upon the ‘ hidden knowledge ’ method .
In a nutshell , he hopes that by banning certain words from being searched on the internet , within the EU , it will reduce the ability of would - be terrorists to carry out attacks .
Suggested keywords to be filtered include “ bomb ” , “ kill ” , “ genocide ” , and “ terrorism ” whilst any attempt to get around these restrictions , by using a proxy , for instance , will be met by criminal action .
This proposal has come under fire however , by Pirate Parties all around the world .
The Chairman of the Austrian Pirate Party , Florian Hufsky , Â stated “ it ’s a tyrannical attempt to curtail useful knowledge from the general public on par with policies of China , Saudi Arabia and North Korea .
Thus , whilst ineffective as a measure , it is a strong deviation from the principles of the open society . ”
With the various Pirate Parties aiming for the European Parliament in 2009 , there is not a voice that can easily be discounted , and with the incumbents making these gargantuan faux - pas , it may seem that they are in with a shot of success
The Greenland ice sheet is melting so fast , that the giant kilometer long chunks of ice that are breaking off are actually causing earthquakes .
People monitoring this situation say that the rate at which the ice is pouring water and ice into the ocean is much faster than the IPCC ’s very conservative reports .
It is becoming more and more apparent that the IPCC was hobbled in it ’s ( still dire ) predictions by political considerations .
Some Greenland glaciers ( like the one at Ilulissat ) are now flowing three times faster into the sea than it was 10 years ago .
Robert Corell , chairman of the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment , said in Ilulissat yesterday : “ We have seen a massive acceleration of the speed with which these glaciers are moving into the sea .
The ice is moving at 2 metres an hour on a front 5 km [ 3 miles ] long and 1,500 metres deep .
That means that this one glacier puts enough fresh water into the sea in one year to provide drinking water for a city the size of London for a year . ”
If Greenland where to melt completely it contains enough water to raise worldwide sea levels by over 21 feet .
Scientists on the scene say that the estimates of sea level rise in the IPCC report were based on data two years old .
The predicted rise this century was 20 - 60 cm ( about 8 - 24ins ) , but with current levels of melting that estimate when viewed with facts on the ground would be at the upper end of the minimum .
They think that it could be two metres ( 6 feet ) .
Two feet , 6 feet , you know whats the difference .
Well a 6 foot rise would be absolutely catastrophic for millions of coastal residents world wide .
If you fly over the Illulissat glacier you will see giant holes filled with swirling melt water .
These holes are being carved out by the warmer darker melt water , and driving deep underground to the base of the glacier .
It is creating a lake 500 metres deep which was causing the glacier “ to float on land ” .
Like pouring a track of motor oil on the ground , this melt water is lubricating the glacier making it flow faster into the ocean .
The glacier is now moving at about 9.3 miles a year into the sea although in surges it moves even faster .
Dr Corell measured one surge at 5 km ( a bit more than three miles ) in 90 minutes .
Stunningly fast for a big glacial ice mass .
This is causing massive hunks of ice to break off and fall into the ocean .
This ice has been fused to the bedrock for so many years , and is so heavy that when it breaks off and fall into the ocean , the bedrock actually springs back up as the weight is gone , causing an earthquake .
These quakes are small magnitude 1 to 3 , but the fact that they are happening at all show that the glacier is quickly melting .
Faster than most anticipated .
The giant ice chunks that fall off release pressure on the ice behind it , allowing it to flow even faster .
It is a vicious feedback cycle , much like the melting of the polar ice caps .
These events all point to one fact .
We have to act , and quickly .
It has been done before .
In the 80’s and 90 ’s the world came together and supported the Montreal protocol , and quickly made changed in manufacturing , laws , and policies .
It was rapid action supported by industry , politics , and the people at large .
We must do it again .
When you go to vote for the next president , or the next senator , or the next representative , make sure you make climate change one of the issues you look at when choosing .
If we do n’t act soon , well it might be too late .
The Telegraph Via The Raw Story :
The Iraqi government has begun preparing the groundwork for what could be one of the biggest privatisations of state - owned assets .
The Sunday Telegraph has learned that officials from the government have recently held talks with banking and legal advisers in London .
City sources said Iraq 's minister for industry , Fawzi Hariri , was looking to appoint advisers to draw up a memorandum of understanding to sell off the country 's non-oil assets , ranging from petrochemical plants to construction companies , hotels and airlines , as early as this month .
The privatisation proposals could also include a massive extension of foreign participation in the oil industry .
Sources close to the foreign ministry said the government believed it had struck a deal on the long - awaited hydrocarbon law which could see Parliament vote the legislation through in two weeks ' time .
If the legislation is passed , arrangements to allow foreign oil majors to enter into production - sharing agreements with Iraq 's national oil company could then make it into the memorandum .
Read more ...
Spring 2007
There is only one healing force , and that is nature .
( Arthur Schopenhauer )
Radiation from the 1986 Chernobyl reactor 's explosion was disbursed unevenly by the winds , as if in a chessboard fashion , leaving some places alive and others dead .
Sometimes the whole areas are dead .
Like this one .
It is the so - called the Narodichy Dead Zone .
It is closed by checkpoints , but it has as many holes as Swiss cheese , so I can get in and out without any problems .
This territory located some 80 - 90 kms West of the reactor .
I believe there is 18 dead villages within this Narodichy deadzone .
There is this legend that after Peter the Great have travelled through this area , he said : " This land ai n't land , people ain't people , " so he traded the entire Zhitomir province to Polish king for just 3 greyhounds .
Well , from the perspective of what we see today this deal is overpriced .
This whole area is not worth 3 greyhounds anymore .
Chernobyl is so easily forgotten because it was only known to ourselves .
In a first years after the accident Soviet establishment did n't want to share our story with the world , now we can not share it , we hardly remember it ourselves .
Only people who know about Narodichy dead zone are those who lived here or who still live nearby and of course officials who are hiding this and other territories behind checkpoints .
This way all that remains of the tragic tale is a memory , weak and disfigured by time .
In the future , indifference of people will smother the few remaining embers until at last they too are extinguished .
After that Chernobyl will always remain inside knowledge of a limited circle of people and the sole property of nature .
( Journals , June 2006 )
Those houses already a property of Nature .
and this house sprang from the earth and now it is returning .
Roe deer cross the road and jump into the yards .
Here they are at home and there are plenty of them .
I feel like I am in a zoo , except of course that in a zoo I am free and they are my object of interest .
But here they are free and I am the object of their curiosity .
In other words , in a zoo all those creatures are assembled together for our own amusement and here in Chernobyl , it is we humans who are disassembled for their amusement .
What is most striking here is the contrast between the world of Civilization which is ours and the world of Nature .
The world of civilisation is physical , while Chernie is a metaphysical world , " meta " means " after " , Chernobyl is the world after physics .
The world of Nature is something that exists of itself , it is how this world has been for millions of years before us and how it will be after us , while civilization is mere appearance , it is not " just there , " it is not self - supporting .
It is artificial and requires engineering and science to support it .
If we want to make use of the advantages of civilisation , but are not prepared to concern ourself with the upholding of civilisation �we are done for .
In a trice we find ourselves left without civilisation .
Just a push of a wrong button and everything goes straight to a primitive state .
We look around and see that civilization is vanishing into the air , like fata morgana .
The primitive forest appears in its native state , just as if the curtains of Civilization , covering pure Nature , have been drawn back .
15 - 20 years ago people still lived in some of those villages .
Back in 1992 , the highest radiation measured where people lived was 2000 microroentgen per hour .
Levels have fallen since then , and people too .
The highest I measured where people lived in 2006 was 250 microR per hour .
Today , the levels here can vary from normal to several hundred or even thousand microroentgen , but those figures do not reflect any real situation .
Geiger counter can merely show a silhouette of radiation , its outward sign , its shadow .
The body of radiation can only be detected and explored through special analysis .
Even through the most delicate radiation detecting pocket device , we can see no more than the tip of the iceberg .
By reading of geiger counter we know as little of radiation as we know about roots of this tree by judging by it's crown .
Reading of geiger counters tell us more than reading official reports , but it tells us less than reading from the book of nature .
In Chernobyl reading from the book of nature is easy , here facts themselves speak eloquently of the truth ... wherever I turn , I stumble upon a fact that humans are outlawed and banned from life .
I strain to hear , in hope to receive an answer , but all I can hear is the voice of Nature strongly saying to the human race , - I DON'T NEED YOU !
This is memorial of World War II
Here is another of Great Patriotic War .
This is memorial of Civil War .
In 1921 Red Army crushed White army troops on the field .
I wish , I could bring metal detector and excavate on this field .
Unfortunately , all rich history of Chernobyl is lost for archeology .
It is lost forever and I will always regret this .
There are hundreds and hundreds dead towns and villages within a radius of 250 kms ( 155 miles ) around Chernobyl reactor .
Each year I travel , I see more and more ruined places .
The only buildings in area that is not ruined are churches .
Traveling through the whole of Chernobyl region I have yet to see any ruined church .
Looters are superstitious folks and are afraid to rob churches .
Also , nearby community members come to fix the abandoned churches every few years , so like separate islands they stand longer than all other buildings in the area .
Being in the ‘ zone ’ or ‘ flow ’ is a state of working where time seems to disappear and your productivity is many times greater than regular work .
One minute you ’ve finished lunch and start work on a new path finding algorithm , the next minute its 7 pm and everyone else in the office has gone home for the night .
From what I ’ve seen at different companies , unfortunately , most people are n’t in the zone while at work .
I ’d like to recommend some ways you can get in the zone , and stay there for as long as possible .
Different people take a different amount of time to ‘ get in the zone ’ .
For me it ’s anywhere from 5 to 30 minutes depending on a number of factors , some of which we have control over .
Before I get into the steps you can take , lets quickly look at the reasons getting in the zone are important .
No matter what job you do , having higher productivity is an important factor .
Any action we can take to make ourselves more productive is therefore important and we should spend time and money to make our working environments conducive to this higher productivity .
Peopleware has some great detailed analysis of how working environments can be improved to help this productivity .
I wo n’t go over everything they talk about , however some of my points touch on the same areas they discuss in the book .
If you ( or your programmers ) are n’t in the zone then you ’re not working to your full potential .
Programming is such a complex beast that it requires us to not only think about a lot of different things at once , but at a lot of different levels of abstraction .
Game programming takes this one step further , we need to make our games fun .
Along with the gain in productivity , I believe being in the zone means we are working at a ‘ higher level ’ , one which allows us to comprehend more about the code we are writing , and give us more chance of writing the code required to turn a good game into the perfect game .
Fun in a game is quite nebulous and difficult to get right .
So , how can we get in the zone , and how can we stay there for as long as possible ?
1. Reduce interruptions
The biggest single way of falling out of the zone is when something outside of your brain breaks your concentration and forces you to lose your train of thought .
There are countless ways of dealing with this , the simplest being to tell those around you that you need to be interrupted less frequently .
Scheduling parts of the day for solid work , and others for meetings and question time is a good way to start .
I like to send someone an email or instant message instead of going over and talking to them as it gives them a chance to ignore my interruption if they need to .
2 . Shut your door , if you have one
Not only does this fit in with # 1 , it also blocks out ambient noise which can stop you from getting in the zone to begin with .
Having a physical barrier shows that you are concentrating on work and even the most socially inadequate nerd will get the message that you do n’t want to be interrupted .
You can go too far with this by shutting your door all day so my recommendation is , again , having set times you always leave you ’re door open ( this is an informal way of letting people know when you do n’t mind be interrupted ) or just make the habit of only shutting your door when you are getting ready for some solid work .
For example I often pace up and down for a while when thinking about a complex issue , include shutting your door in these types of rituals .
3 . Try and plan out large tasks which will occupy many continuous hours of your time
I ’ve found when I have many smaller tasks or no definite goal of where I ’m heading for the next few hours that I have trouble getting in the zone .
As it takes so long to ‘ warm up ’ and get in the zone , jumping around tasks just does n’t work as you are constantly reorganising your brain .
Try and make sure you have all the info you need , have spoken to everyone related to a task so you can knuckle down and work on it for a few good hours without any external intervention .
For personal projects this can also mean setting aside enough time just to work on a particular task .
Doing 15 minutes of work , then watching some TV , another 30 mins then eating some food etc is n’t going to be as effective as getting all your TV , food and other distractions out of the way before you begin working .
4. Listen to music
If you have the unfortunate reality ( as most of us do ) of working in a loud and ‘ busy ’ working environment then one good technique is listening to some music to drown out the noise .
This is not optimal of course , but I find it allows me to concentrate much more easily .
I also find it easier to get back to work and concentrate on what I was previously doing if I continue my song where I left off .
I ’m not sure of the psychological reason for this , but it seems my brain can sometimes pick up where it left off after only a few minutes and the interruption is n’t as bad as it normally would be .
Conclusion
Just as a side note from this , a while ago a colleague of mine once commented that he was amazed how productive I could be even in our loud , interruption filled working environment .
My confession here is that I actually work quite productively even out of the zone .
I ’ll admit there ’s still a massive difference , but it seems I ’ve spent enough time in bad environments that I ’ve learned to deal with them .
This got me thinking about the average working conditions and how people are judged as being ‘ productive workers ’ .
Let ’s assume for a minute that most people never make it into the zone at work for one reason or another .
If this is the case , then we ’re not really judging productivity based on someone ’s full potential , but instead their potential to work well in a non-productive environment .
This has some interesting issues if you then think about whether everyone ’s ‘ out of zone ’ productivity is directly proportional to their ‘ in zone ’ productivity .
If this relationship is not directly proportional , then in our current working environment , the better worker is no longer the more competent or smarter worker , but instead the person that can deal with non-productive environments the best .
If this is the case , then surely it would be far better for us to be spending our precious brain powers on writing better code , rather than figuring out how to be less distracted .
Over the past year , I ’ve been doing a lot of reading on cosmetics for a couple of reasons , none of them being that I wear or wish I did use them :) .
One of the reasons for my interest is I believe cosmetics contributed to my mother ’s early death .
Cosmetics did n’t cause the original problem ( a form of kidney disease ) , but given the impaired kidney function that went undetected for so long combined with her desire to always be well presented and the products she used to do so ; they surely would n’t have helped .
I hate to think how many days of my mother ’s life were spent “ putting her face on ” – but more importantly , the hundreds of pounds of cosmetics she used over the years in various forms – all in direct contact with her skin , and many being absorbed into her body .
As a result of what I ’ve learned , it ’s not only confirmed the above , but also made me realize just how much the cosmetics industry has contributed to the production of environmental toxins .
The plastics , the packaging .. and the ingredients .
For example , this report on lipsticks carried out by the Campaign for Safer Cosmetics states a third of brand - name lipsticks tested exceeded the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ’s 0.1 ppm limit for lead in candy .
Like candy , lipstick is also ingested .
I ca n’t remember the exact figures , but a woman who wears lipstick 5 days a week over 20 years winds up ingesting a couple of pounds of the stuff .
There is no safe level for lead ; it causes environmental and health problems in small levels , particularly to infants , young children and pregnant women .
Lead can come from many sources and tends to accumulate in the body , so it should be avoided wherever possible .
If a product you ingest / apply to your skin contains lead , what does n’t accumulate in the body is excreted or washed off , so it winds up in our waterways .
Then there ’s all those millions of small chunks of lipstick that are thrown away annually .
Aside from lead , many lipsticks contain synthetic , colors and petroleum based waxes .
And this is something put around the mouth ?
Incredible .
The news about lead in lipstick is another good reason women should take particular care in what they apply to their skin .
These days , there ’s a wide range of competitively priced natural cosmetic product alternatives available – including lipsticks .
The Internet is a really good tool for locating these more human and environmentally friendly items by searching using terms such as “ organic ” and “ natural ” followed by the type of product .
Having located products of interest , still be cautious – check the ingredients list and run further searches on those components .
If you were to go through the cosmetics you currently own , you might be in for a bit of a shock at the laboratory you find in your makeup supplies .
Even many hair products and shampoos are toxic chemical cocktails .
Unlike some other environmental issues ; cosmetics are an area you can certainly have a high degree of control over .
If enough consumers protest by spending their makeup dollars elsewhere on more natural and organic products , the cosmetic companies using these toxic ingredients will sit up and take notice .
Check out the official press release .
Edwards explained clearly why he is signing :
" This election , more than any other , is about real change and choosing the candidate who is going to fight for that change , " said Edwards .
" Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada , and South Carolina need to be first because in these states ideas count , not just money .
These are places where voters get to look the candidate in the eye and measure their policies , ideas , and integrity .
That ’s why I am signing this pledge .
This tried - and - true nominating system is the only way for voters to judge the field based on the quality of the candidate , not the depth of their war chest .
" I strongly encourage my fellow candidates to support this four state pledge .
The Democratic Party is the party of ideas , not money ; Main Street , not Wall Street ; and real people , not Washington insiders , and signing this pledge reaffirms that . "
The pledge was written and sponsored by the State Democratic Parties in Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada , and South Carolina to ensure their role in the process and put the breaks on the leapfrogging that is going on now that would inevitably lead to caucuses and primaries in 2006 .
Note that the DNC has decided to strictly enforce party rules by invalidating the delegates from states that move beyond the guidelines originally set up and agreed to originally by the democratic leadership in every state .
UPDATE : Obama has also signed .
And Richardson , Dodd and Biden signed yesterday .
2nd Update : Hillary has finally stated she will sign .
Also , there seems to be some confusion among some in the comments .
This is n't the DNC 's way of dissing other states - it is their way of enforcing the rules , and the roles of the 4 states , that all of the states previous agreed to .
Its too late to play the leapfrog game .
UPDATE 3 : And for on the DNC end of this check out the Wa Po opinion peice today by Donna Brazile .
Here is the pledge :
WHEREAS , over a year ago , the Democratic National Committee established a 2008 nominating calendar ; WHEREAS , this calendar honors the racial , ethnic , economic and geographic diversity of our party and our country ; WHEREAS , the DNC also honored the traditional role of retail politics early in the nominating process , to ensure that money alone will not determine our presidential nominee ; WHEREAS , it is the desire of Presidential campaigns , the DNC , the states and the American people to bring finality , predictability and common sense to the nominating calendar .
THEREFORE , I John Edwards , Democratic Candidate for President , pledge I shall not campaign or participate in any state which schedules a presidential election primary or caucus before Feb.
5 , 2008 , except for the states of Iowa , Nevada , New Hampshire and South Carolina , as " campaigning " is defined by the rules and regulations of the DNC .
It does not include activities specifically related to raising campaign resources such as fundraising events or the hiring of fundraising staff .
and as an aside , in case you have n't seen it yet , here 's video on the recent almost - endorsement of Edwards by President Carter , who came from nowhere and vaulted to become the nominee and president , after his performance in Iowa .
John Edwards - Ga. Southwestern State Univ. w/ Jimmy Carter
While working with parents of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) at the University at Buffalo , Gregory A. Fabiano noticed something was missing : the fathers .
Fabiano , an assistant professor in the Graduate School of Education , made the discovery while still a graduate assistant at the UB Center for Children and Families , which runs a summer treatment program that has helped more than 2,500 children with behavioral , emotional and learning problems .
The program uses sports as a way to teach children peer - relationship skills , Fabiano said .
" I knew a lot of the dads in that program , because they would show up early to watch their kids on the soccer fields or the softball fields and we'd chat it up when we were out there , " recalled Fabiano , who teaches in the counseling , school and educational psychology department .
" But then they would take their child and go home in the one car , and then the mom would drive up in another car and go to the parenting group , " he added .
" I thought ' There is something wrong with this picture . ' "
To find out why fathers of children with ADHD were n't participating in treatment programs , or why some initially participate , but then drop out soon after , Fabiano turned to research literature on the subject and found … nothing .
" I was surprised to find there were no studies on dads with kids with ADHD and so I thought this would be a good area in which we could try to do something .
My dissertation was trying out a parenting program specifically for fathers , using sports as a kind of hook to get the dads interested and the kids too , " Fabiano said .
His new research program , designed for children 6 - 12 years of age , includes two formats : a control group of fathers and children who receive traditional , evidence - based treatments for ADHD families and another group that receives the same , plus a sports element , in this case , soccer games .
This second group is dubbed COACHES , or Coaching Our Acting - Out Children : Heightening Essential Skills .
advertisement
Traditional treatments include teaching parents strategies to deal with the disruptive behaviors that are hallmarks of the disorder .
Adding the COACHES element , Fabiano hoped , would result in increased participation for the fathers and improved relationships with their children .
" We thought for a chronic disorder like ADHD where these fathers are n't going to be dealing with these problems for a couple weeks or a couple months , but for the child 's entire life , the treatment has to be well - liked , palatable and engaging , " Fabiano explained .
The results , he said , have been remarkable .
" We had huge differences on things like drop - out rates for both the dad and the child .
The dads in the COACHES group were more likely to try out the homework , which was a pretty big accomplishment , " Fabiano said .
" They also rated the treatment as better . "
Another surprise was the lack of tension between fathers and players , and between the fathers themselves , when it came to controversies on the playing field .
" We were a little nervous about the dads , because you read the newspaper and you see fathers getting into fights with the referee .
But we have not had that .
The dads seem to be genuinely enjoying the activities , perhaps because the children have struggled in other settings and are successful in this one , " Fabiano said .
advertisement
Also , the children themselves seemed to be tension - free while playing , a sharp contrast to their previous experiences with sports , he said .
" Families with children with ADHD tell us lots of horror stories about their children failing at team sports because they were n't paying attention when the ball is coming toward them or they have a low frustration threshold , so they stomped off the field if they made an error , " Fabiano said .
The best result by far was the sense of community that the program offered the fathers .
" In groups , the dads said things like ' I did n't realize other dads had kids like this , ' so there is sense of isolation among these parents .
Maybe putting fathers together who have children challenged in sports takes things in a positive direction as opposed to a negative direction that makes a father defensive because he sees his child struggling when other kids are n't , " Fabiano said .
At each meeting , while the children practice soccer skills , the fathers meet to learn parenting skills , such as " how to pay attention to the child 's good behaviors , give clear commands , use time outs well , " Fabiano said .
Now recruiting families for another session of COACHES funded by the National Institutes of Mental Health , Fabiano said the program will stick with soccer for now because " it spreads the kids out so the dads can get right out on the field and monitor their kids very well .
There 's also lots of action , unlike baseball , where you might be standing by yourself for 20 minutes and not have anything come your way . "
Success on the field means a greater chance of success at home and school .
" Soccer engages the kids , who we want to be behaving well when the parents are trying out new skills .
We do n't want parents trying out a skill during a child 's most difficult - to - manage behavior , " he said .
" If they succeed , they are more likely to try it out at home , when the kids are doing homework or are supposed to clean their rooms . "
If you ’ve always wondered how a styrofoam cup would fare in deep ocean waters , then check out this interesting clip .
Video after the break .
On the surface , at an atmospheric pressure of 14.7 pounds per square inch , the cup stands 4 inches tall .
As the remotely operated sub descends , the pressure compresses the Styrofoam and the cup shrinks .
Below 3,000 feet , under pressure 100 times greater than that at the surface , the cup shrivels to about half of its original size
“ Everybody seems to be getting healthy , ” said Mark Murphy , the executive chef at Ditch Plains , a surfer - inspired restaurant in the West Village .
Or at least healthier .
Mr. Murphy recently created a line of cocktails mixing vodka with low - calorie , sugar - and aspartame - free airforce Nutrisoda - brand sodas — each containing a day ’s dose of vitamins C , E , B6 , and B12 — as a more health - conscious variation on the Red Bull and vodka .
The idea that even alcohol could be more beneficent represents a collision of broader trends , said Frank Coleman , a spokesman for the Distilled Spirits Council .
As people have become more health literate and corn - syrup - phobic , labels like “ green ” and organic have become faddish , and the culinary shift toward farm - fresh , locally grown ingredients has crossed over from kitchen to bar .
“ All of these epicurean issues are coming together in a martini glass , as it were , ” Mr. Coleman said .
The healthful - cocktail concept received an imprint of credibility in April , when researchers at the United States Department of Agriculture , in conjunction with Thai colleagues , reported that adding alcohol to strawberries and blackberries increased their antioxidant capacity ( although alcohol still causes some cell damage , some scientists cautioned ) .
While skeptics could validly point out that trying to mix a Theragran ’s worth of vitamins into a tumbler of 80 proof makes no more sense than ordering a Diet Coke with a supersize burger and fries , nutritionists do not necessarily scoff at the idea .
Wahida Karmally , the director of nutrition at the Irving Institute for Clinical and Translational Research at the Columbia University Medical Center , said that the sugar in a traditional margarita , loaded with syrupy triple sec , “ is just empty calories . ”
“ If people are trying to make a syrupy drink , ” she said , “ they might want to purée kiwi fruit , which will give you the syrupy flavor , but also give you nutrients as well as fiber .
Kiwi is packed with vitamin C. ”
The waiters at Sushi Samba , a singles - friendly restaurant and lounge with locations in New York , Miami , Chicago and Tel Aviv , have recently been hawking the health properties of a drink called the Samba Juice , made with the açaí berry — a sort of super - grape harvested from the Brazilian rainforest that has more antioxidants than blueberries or cranberries , said Paul Tanguay , the beverage director .
“ People think it is guilt - free , ” Mr. Tanguey said .
“ But it still contains alcohol . ”
Image VITAMIN A Vitamin
Dj has juice from carrots , Granny Smith apples , ginger and limes as well as elderflower liqueur and vodka .
Credit ... Lars Klove for The New York Times
The chain sells up to 50 of the $ 11 drink per location each night — about a quarter the number of caipirinhas , but the number is steadily growing , he said .
This is a huge and wide - ranging story .
Let me see if I can draw upon some of what 's already been written about it to compress it into a manageable narrative .
OK , first there 's this :
The National Security Agency and other government agencies retaliated against Qwest because the Denver telco refused to go along with a phone spying program , documents released Wednesday suggest .
The documents indicate that likely would have been at the heart of former CEO Joe Nacchio's so - called " classified information " defense at his insider trading trial , had he been allowed to present it .
Surprised ?
Of course not .
Nor should you be .
Because that 's exactly what was theorized right here by Daily Kos diarist pacified , a year and a half ago :
I 'm not sure of all the " ins-and - outs " of the SEC investigation into Qwest , Nacchio , et. al , but look at the timeline .
After 9 - 11 in 2001 , Bush confronts the major phone companies for their caller information .
Qwest refuses to " play ball " between then and 2002 , finally leading to the SEC in 2002 .
For those of you not clear on what the SEC ( Securities and Exchange Commission ) is :
Each year the SEC brings hundreds of civil enforcement actions against individuals and companies for violation of the securities laws .
Typical infractions include insider trading , accounting fraud , and providing false or misleading information about securities and the companies that issue them .
Hmm .
Wow .
Big time telecom CEO refuses to play ball with the Bush " administration 's " illegal spying program , and suddenly finds himself a political enemy and ... on the wrong end of a federal prosecution .
What does that remind us of ?
If you said , " the entirety of the scandal surrounding the unprecedented politicization of the U.S. Attorneys , " you 've said a mouthful in more ways than one .
I mean , is n't it odd that then - Acting U.S. Attorney for Colorado Bill Leone ( " Acting , " because the " administration " had n't had an opportunity to install its chosen nominee yet ) , who was personally handling the Nacchio prosecution , was pulled off the case and replaced by hand - picked DOJ lawyers instead ?
Maybe not , right ?
The DOJ just wanted to send securities fraud specialists to handle this very important case .
Maybe . Sorta .
I mean , really .
It 's not like there 's any kind of known link between the SEC and the scary - crazy " national security " apparatus that 's being used as a cloak to cover the dismantling and looting of the federal government or anything .
Right ?
I mean , what connection could there possibly be ?
MAY 23 , 2006
NEWS
By Dawn Kopecki Intelligence Czar Can Waive SEC Rules
Now , the White House 's top spymaster can cite national security to exempt businesses from reporting requirements President George W. Bush has bestowed on his intelligence czar , John Negroponte , broad authority , in the name of national security , to excuse publicly traded companies from their usual accounting and securities - disclosure obligations .
Notice of the development came in a brief entry in the Federal Register , dated May 5 , 2006 , that was opaque to the untrained eye .
Besides that one , I mean .
We know , of course , that when Bush gives Cheney the authority to classify information , Cheney insists it means he has the right to declassify it as well .
( Turns out not to really be true . )
So when Bush gave the Director of National Intelligence the authority to excuse companies from compliance and therefore from trial for securities violations , did he also mean for him to claim the authority to put the SEC on your trail ?
But even if he did , would n't there have to be a fire under all that smoke in order for Nacchio to be convicted ?
Well , sure .
The only problem ( as predicted ) is that once you 've been caught corrupting the Department of Justice , everyone you prosecute is going to wonder if you lit those fires yourself .
Remember , Nacchio was convicted of ( and faces six years in prison for ) selling Qwest stock based on unfair insider information -- specifically , selling Qwest stock at a premium when he knew or should have known , based on that insider information , that the company 's earnings were going to be considerably lower than publicly available information would have suggested .
That 's cheating , and it 's against the law .
But let 's split up today 's Rocky Mountain News article and put some of the events back in chronological order :
Nacchio planned to demonstrate at trial that he had a meeting on Feb. 27 , 2001 , at NSA headquarters at Fort Meade , Md. , to discuss a $ 100 million project .
According to the documents , another topic also was discussed at that meeting , one with which Nacchio refused to comply .
The topic itself is redacted each time it appears in the hundreds of pages of documents , but there is mention of Nacchio believing the request was both inappropriate and illegal , and repeatedly refusing to go along with it .
Nacchio was convicted last spring on 19 counts of insider trading for $ 52 million of stock sales in April and May 2001 , and sentenced to six years in prison .
The NSA contract was awarded in July 2001 to companies other than Qwest .
See what I 'm getting at here ?
The government says Nacchio is guilty of insider trading because when he sold his stock in April and May of 2001 , he knew or should have known that it was significantly overvalued , because the company 's earnings were dwindling .
But beginning in February 2001 , Nacchio believes Qwest has got an inside track on a $ 100 million contract .
And ...
Nacchio also asserts Qwest was in line to build a $ 2 billion private government network called GovNet and do other government business , including a network between the U.S. and South America .
Why would Nacchio think he had that money sewn up ?
Nacchio was on a Bush - appointed national security telecommunications advisory panel .
That 's usually as good as cash in the bank with this " administration . "
So Nacchio might have had every reason in April and May 2001 to believe Qwest was looking good .
It was n't until July that the government steered the contracts elsewhere .
And then all of a sudden , Qwest stock 's not looking so good .
In fact , it looks terrible .
And just two months before , CEO Nacchio was selling $ 52 million worth ?
Book 'im , boys .
Tell it to the judge , Nacchio !
Only Nacchio could n't .
Classified .
" National security , " dontcha know .
So it looks like it 's six years in the pen for Nacchio .
And the moral of the story ?
Political opponents of the Bush " administration " get fingered by the feds .
You get spied on .
And Sen. Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) , writing the Senate 's new FISA bill , says Nacchio -- who refused to hand over customer data illegally to the governmetn -- can rot , while AT&T and others -- who gave you up to the feds -- get retroactive immunity .
Any Senator who votes for this retroactive immunity under these conditions is a stone moron .
" The media should not know when or where we meet or who takes part in our programs , before [ or ] after a meeting , '' a list of rules obtained by The Times showed .
The group did not respond to an e-mail seeking
Yesterday I spoke about the future of the American economy at the NASDAQ .
And in many ways , NASDAQ is a symbol of the new economy that ’s taking hold – the wealth created ; the booms and bubbles ; the technology that ’s helping to drive growth , and the interconnectedness that now spans the globe .
It ’s no secret that a fundamental transformation of our economy is taking place .
In books and on balance sheets , at policy institutes and around kitchen tables , people are trying to make sense of where the swift and strong currents of globalization are taking us .
What we do know is that Americans are living and working in a rapidly changing economic reality .
This is n’t the first time this has happened .
Time and again , the American economy has undergone upheaval – from slave to free ; from agriculture to industry ; from peace to war - time , and from war - time to peace .
And time and again , the American economy has emerged stronger .
The one constant has been the advancement of individual opportunity .
There are few principles more basic to our country , and there is none more basic to our economy .
We believe that there is a place in the American economy for every American ’s dream .
And we know that when we extend that dream of opportunity to more Americans , all of us gain .
Americans also know that opportunity does n’t come easy .
You have to work for it .
Here I think of my father - in - law , Fraser Robinson .
He raised his two children with his wife Marian in 1960s Chicago .
They faced what other African - American families faced at the time – both hidden and overt forms of racism that limited their effort to get ahead .
And they faced an additional obstacle .
At age 30 , Fraser was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis .
And yet , every day of his life , even when he had to leave an hour earlier in the morning and rely on a walker to get him there , he went to work at the local water filtration plant while Marian stayed home with the children .
And on that single salary , Fraser Robinson provided for his family , sending my wife Michelle and her brother Craig to Princeton .
This is an American story that plays out in millions of families each and every day .
It is a story that is shared by the caregiver who is up before dawn and the teacher who never misses the bell ; by the trader who works late and the janitor on the night shift .
It is the story of a society that values work , and of people who work to create a better future for their families .
This story could not exist without a basic social compact in this country .
That compact says that if you work hard , your work will be rewarded .
That everybody has an opportunity to make a decent living , to raise a family , to give their children the best chance at success , and to look forward to a secure retirement .
That people like Fraser and Marian Robinson can give their children the chance to dream bigger , and to reach new horizons .
That social compact is starting to crumble .
In our new economy , there is no shortage of new wealth .
But wages are not keeping pace .
Workers are more vulnerable to job loss and more worried about retirement .
Those Americans fortunate enough to have health care are paying more for it – health care premiums have risen nearly 90 % in the last six years .
Americans are facing deeper personal debt .
From filling up the gas tank to paying for a college education , everything seems to cost more .
This is not just happening by chance .
It ’s not something we can just chalk up to temporary shocks .
It ’s happening in part because of the choices we ’re making , and the way that we ’re making those choices .
It ’s happening because we ’ve gone too far from being a country where we ’re all in this together , to a country where everyone ’s on their own .
Today , I ’m going to focus on one aspect of our economic policy where we need to make different choices .
Because nowhere is this shift in our priorities more evident than in our tax policies .
Instead of working to find ways to relieve the burden on the middle class , we ’ve developed creative ways to remove the burden from the well - off .
Instead of having all of us pay our fair share , we ’ve got over $ 1 trillion worth of loopholes in the corporate tax code .
This is n’t the invisible hand of the market at work .
It ’s the successful work of special interests .
For decades , we ’ve seen a successful strategy to ride anti-tax sentiment in this country toward tax cuts that favor wealth , not work .
And for decades , we ’ve seen the gaps in wealth in this country grow wider , while the costs to working people are greater .
We ’ve got a shift in our tax values that disproportionately benefits the wealthiest Americans ; corporate carve - outs that serve no national purpose ; tax breaks that allow companies to stash their profits overseas ; a government that ’s paralyzed when dealing with offshore tax haven countries ; an overloaded tax code that ’s too complicated for ordinary folks to understand , but just complicated enough to work for someone who knows how to work the system .
When big business does n’t like something in the tax code , they can hire a lobbyist to get it changed , but most working people ca n’t afford a high - priced lobbyist .
Instead of honoring that core American value – opportunity for all – we ’ve had a system in Washington where our laws and regulations have carved out opportunities for the few .
The numbers do n’t lie .
At a time when income inequality is growing sharper , the Bush tax cuts gave the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans a tax cut that was twice as large as the middle class .
At a time when Americans are working harder than ever , we are taxing income from work at nearly twice the level that we ’re taxing gains for investors .
Talk about this in polite company , and sooner or later you ’ll get accused of waging class warfare .
As if it ’s distasteful to point out that some CEOs make more in ten minutes than a worker makes in ten months .
Or , as my friend Warren Buffet put it to me – " If there ’s class warfare going on in America , then my class is winning . "
What Warren Buffett knows is what all Americans have to remember – to get through these uncertain times , we have to recognize that we all have a stake in one another ’s success .
When folks are hurting out there on Main Street , that ’s not good for Wall Street .
When the changes in our economy are leaving too many people behind , the competitiveness of our country risks falling behind .
When that dream of opportunity is denied to too many Americans , then ultimately that pain has a way of trickling up .
We welcome success stories here in America .
We admire those who have climbed to the top of the ladder .
We just need to be sure that the ladder does n’t get taken away from the rest of us .
We want a system based on fairness – not special favors .
To steer a course through the change that ’s taking hold , we have to hold tight to that core principle : that our economy must advance opportunity for all Americans .
My own experience over two decades tells me that when you give people a chance at that opportunity , they will take it .
That ’s what I found as a community organizer on the South Side of Chicago , where we set up job training programs and after school programs and counseling programs to bring hope to places that had been hurt by change .
That ’s what I found as a state Senator in Illinois when we created the state Earned Income Tax Credit so we could put $ 100 million of tax cuts into the pockets of working families .
That ’s what I ’ve been focused on as a United States Senator , as I ’ve worked to expand the child tax credit to include children in minimum wage families , and to close loopholes that shift the tax burden on to working people .
And that ’s what I ’ll do as President .
Because when it comes to our economy , the American people are not the problem – they are the answer .
I ’ll restore simplicity to the tax code , and fairness for the American middle class .
It ’s time to stand up to special interest carve outs .
I ’ll end the preferential treatment that ’s built into our tax code by eliminating corporate loopholes and tax breaks .
We should n’t be distorting our tax code to benefit a few powerful interests – we should be insisting that everyone pays their fair share , and when I ’m President , they will .
And it ’s time to shed some sunlight not only on companies that abuse the tax code , but also on the secretive offshore tax havens that shelter them .
We ’ll create a list of countries where tax evaders hide their income and cost America untold billions of dollars every year .
We ’ll lead the international community to new standards of information sharing .
And we ’ll penalize companies and individuals who use those havens and illegally evade their tax obligations .
If we ’re going to keep that social compact for a new century , we need a tax code that ’s fair – a tax code that rewards work and advances opportunity .
Every American who is ready to work for their American dream should be able to trust that they have a government that works for them .
I ’ll keep that trust by cutting taxes for working people , homeowners , and seniors , and by simplifying tax filing for middle class Americans .
First , I ’ll give a tax cut to working people .
The American people work longer and harder than the people of any other wealthy nation in the world .
But their hours are getting longer and their wages are n’t getting any higher .
Their costs are going up , but their economic security is going down .
When a single mom gets her paycheck , that check gets taxed .
When she goes to buy groceries , that purchase gets taxed .
When she reaches her retirement , her social security benefit gets taxed .
Meanwhile , her boss ’s investments get taxed at a lower rate , and the corporation she works for has all kinds of loopholes built into the tax code because they ’ve got lobbyists in Washington sticking up for their interests .
It ’s time for that to change .
It ’s time for Americans to have a President in the Oval Office who makes decisions based on their interest , not the special interests .
Let ’s not forget that even in this era of economic change , our wealth as a nation remains founded on work .
I ’d reward work by providing an income tax cut of up to $ 500 per person – or $ 1,000 for each working family – to offset the payroll tax that they ’re already paying .
At a time when confidence in the American economy is unsteady , this will give middle class Americans a break , and help them deal with the rising costs of energy , education , and saving for retirement .
Under my plan , 150 million Americans – and their families – will get a tax cut .
And because this credit would be greater than their income tax bill , my proposal would eliminate all income taxes for 10 million working Americans .
In so many working families , two parents are working full time , trying to bring up their children , and trying to keep up with so many costs that keep growing while their paychecks do n’t .
This tax credit will strengthen working families by increasing the money in their pockets , and reducing the worry that hangs over so many Americans .
And this tax credit will be a particular boost to single working moms , who put in the hours to provide the best opportunities possible for their kids , but struggle to stretch a paycheck that can’t cover their growing needs .
The second thing I ’ll do to ease the burden on the middle class is provide a universal homeowners ’ tax credit .
If work is how most Americans seek their dream , a home is how many families realize it .
A home is a source of stability , a building block for communities , and the most valuable thing that most middle class folks will own .
But – as has been made painfully clear through the sub - prime crisis – that source of stability can quickly become the source of economic insecurity .
Too many Americans are struggling under the weight of their mortgages .
Homeowners need a break .
Today , we have a mortgage interest deduction , but it only goes to people who itemize on their taxes .
Like so much in our tax code , this tilts the scales toward the well - off .
Only a third of homeowners take advantage of this credit .
I ’ll create a mortgage interest credit so that both itemizers and non-itemizers get a break .
This will immediately benefit 10 million homeowners in America .
The vast majority of these are folks who make under $ 50,000 per year , who will get a break of 10 percent of their mortgage interest rate .
For most middle class families , this will add up to about $ 500 each year .
This credit will also extend a hand to many of the millions of Americans who are stuck in the subprime crisis by giving them some breathing room to refinance or sell their homes .
The third thing I ’ll do is provide a progressive tax cut for America ’s seniors .
Since the New Deal , we ’ve had a basic understanding in America .
If you work hard and pay into the system , you ’ve earned the right to a secure retirement .
But even though they ’ve held up their end of the bargain , many seniors are struggling to keep pace with costs .
And as so many Americans know , their worry becomes an entire family ’s worry .
This strain has been greater since 1993 , when taxes on social security benefits were raised .
Millions of seniors saw their net benefits go down .
They also had to take on the added strain – and sometimes cost – of filing a complicated tax return .
It ’s time to give America ’s seniors a break .
So I ’ll give retired folks the same kind of relief I ’ll offer to working people .
When I ’m President , we ’ll work to see that no retiree making less than $ 50,000 each year has to pay income tax .
This will eliminate income taxes for about 7 million Americans , at a savings rate of roughly $ 1,400 each year .
And 22 million seniors wo n’t even have to file a return and hire an expensive tax preparer .
The final part of my plan will be simplifying the process of filing a tax return for all Americans .
The tax code has become far too complex .
Deductions and exemptions are built into the system , but ordinary people do n’t have the time to figure them out without going to an expert preparer - yet another cost at tax time .
In 2004 , the IRS estimated that it took 28 hours for an individual to complete her tax filing .
According to the IRS National Taxpayer Advocate , " the most serious problem facing taxpayers today is the complexity of the Internal Revenue Code . "
This past year , USA Today had five different professionals add up the tax bill for one working family – and they all got different answers .
It ’s time to cut through the complexity .
When I ’m President , we ’ll put in place a system where 40 million Americans with a job and a bank account who take the standard deduction can do their taxes in less than five minutes .
The government already collects wage and bank account information , so there ’s no reason the IRS can’t send Americans prefilled tax forms to verify .
This mean ’s no more worry .
No more wasted time .
No more extra expenses for a tax preparer .
Making this change would save Americans more than $ 2 billion in tax preparer fees , more than 200 million hours of work , and an incalculable amount of headache and heartburn .
All of these proposals are about making America ’s tax code simpler , and making it work better for working Americans .
As we simplify the tax code so that it works for the middle class , we ’ll have to address shifting costs .
Americans are tired of an attitude toward taxing and spending in Washington that is leaving a legacy of debt to our children and grandchildren .
To ensure that we are fiscally responsible , we ’ll gain revenue by shutting down corporate loopholes and tax havens .
We ’ll also turn the page on an approach that gives repeated tax cuts to the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans even though they do n’t need them and did n’t ask for them .
We 've lost the balance between work and wealth .
I will close the carried interest loophole , and adjust the top dividends and capital gains rate to something closer to – but no greater than – the rates Ronald Reagan set in 1986 .
As we make these changes , we ’ll be sure to encourage growth and innovation .
So we ’ll exempt start - up companies and small businesses from capital gains to give them an added boost .
Because when more Americans tap that well of opportunity , all of us are better off .
You know , the truth is , most Americans are n’t asking for a lot .
They do n’t need overseas tax shelters or a long list of loopholes .
They just want a fair shake .
And they could stand a break .
Because most Americans have simple dreams .
A job .
A place to raise their family .
A secure retirement .
A chance to create opportunities for their kids that might extend a little further than their own .
After all , the wealth of our nation is rooted in the work of our people .
In his first State of the Union message to Congress , Abraham Lincoln laid out a core principle : " Capital is only the fruit of labor , and could never have existed if labor had not first existed .
Labor is the superior of capital , and deserves much the higher consideration . "
It ’s a simple proposition .
That the wealth we earn comes from the work that we do .
It ’s a proposition that is lived , day in and day out , in the homes of millions of working Americans .
The steady pursuit of simple dreams .
The American economy is the tally of all of those dreams .
Now – at a time of rising costs and rising uncertainty – it ’s time for polices from Washington that put a little wind at the backs of the American people .
Now is the time for us to come together as a nation behind a new compact for the 21st century – one that gives the American people a lift , so they can lift up this country anew .
The US adopts belligerent posture in Baghdad talks with Iran
By Peter Symonds
26 July 2007
In the second round of US - Iranian talks in Baghdad on Tuesday , US ambassador to Iraq , Ryan Crocker , intensified the pressure on Iran over unproven claims that Tehran is training and equipping anti-US insurgents in Iraq .
Against a backdrop of sniping against the State Department diplomacy towards Iran by more hawkish elements in the White House , Crocker ’s rhetoric was markedly more aggressive than at the first round of talks in Baghdad in late May .
In comments to the media , Crocker accused Iran of escalating , not de-escalating , attacks on US forces .
“ [ W ]e have actually seen militia - related activity that can be attributed to Iranian support go up , and not down , ” he said , stressing that Washington was demanding progress , “ measured by results , not in principles or promises ” and “ thus far , the results on the ground are not encouraging ” .
In May , Crocker was cautiously upbeat about the outcome of the first face - to - face talks between US and Iranian officials for more than two decades .
On Tuesday , the ambassador went out of his way to stress that he had forcefully placed US demands on the table .
Describing the seven hours of discussion as “ difficult , ” he declared : “ I would not describe this as a shouting match throughout , but again we were real clear on where our problems with their behaviour were , and I just did n’t hesitate to let them know . ”
According to the Boston Globe , several heated exchanges took place in the course of the discussions .
When Iranian officials strayed outside the strictly delimited issue of Iraqi security , Crocker shot back , saying if they wanted talk about other topics , they would have to discuss Iran ’s support for Hamas and Hezbollah .
In the course of another argument , he menacingly warned that Iranian Revolutionary Guards would “ not be safe in Iraq ” .
“ We did n’t pull our punches , ” Crocker told the media .
Iran ’s ambassador to Iraq , Hassan Kazemi - Qumi , emphatically denied that Tehran was supporting anti-US militias in Iraq .
Pointing to the hypocrisy of American allegations of Iranian “ meddling ” in Iraq , he said Iraqis were being “ victimised by terror and the presence of foreign forces ” .
A foreign ministry spokesman declared yesterday : “ It is crystal clear that the main objective behind repetition of such baseless accusations against Iran is to pursue the US propaganda fuss and psychological warfare against the country . ”
Over the past two months , US officials in Baghdad and Washington have maintained a steady stream of accusations of Iranian interference in Iraq .
All these claims are unsupported by concrete evidence , apart from the occasional display of Iranian - made weapons and alleged admissions by prisoners held by the US military , in all likelihood made under duress .
Earlier this month , US military spokesman Brigadier General Kevin Bergner accused the Iranian leadership for the first time of being directly involved in attacks on US troops — in particular , a raid in Karbala that resulted in the deaths of five US soldiers .
Last Sunday , another US spokesman , Admiral Mark Fox added a further accusation , claiming that Iran was not only smuggling Iranian weapons into Iraq , but Chinese - made missiles as well .
“ We have seen ordinance and weapons that come from other places , but we assess that they have come through Iran , ” he said .
US claims to date are based on the simplistic equation : Iranian - made weapons must be supplied from Iran with the full knowledge of the clerical regime in Tehran .
On the basis of this logic , Washington should now be accusing Beijing of “ meddling ” in Iraq .
Crocker arrogantly dismissed the suggestion that US allegations against Iran were unproven , declaring : “ This is not something we ’re trying to , or we need to , prove in a court of law . ”
In reality , US allegations are based on the repetition of bald assertions , rather than facts .
The US denunciations of Iran are in marked contrast to Washington ’s studied silence on the role of its regional allies .
If the same arguments were applied , for instance , to Saudi Arabia — the origin of most suicide bombers in Iraq — the Bush administration would now be demanding Riyadh take immediate action and threatening Saudi intelligence agents , who are undoubtedly active in Iraq .
Crocker ’s belligerent tone reflects the sharpening debate in the Bush administration and US ruling circles over whether to attack Iran , rather than any convincing evidence of greater Iranian “ meddling ” .
For all its rather empty anti-US rhetoric , Tehran has repeatedly indicated that it is willing to negotiate an end to the confrontation with Washington .
Despite its public criticisms of the American occupation , Iran proposed the establishment of a joint security committee to assist the US military in Iraq — an offer that the US accepted at the latest meeting .
Yesterday , Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki indicated that Iran would be willing to consider higher - level talks on Iraq — a proposal the White House flatly rejected .
The US claim that Iran is “ killing American troops ” is part of the campaign the White House has been waging against Tehran for months .
The Bush administration is continuing to push for the UN Security Council to adopt a third resolution imposing tougher economic and diplomatic sanctions on Iran over its refusal to shut down its nuclear programs .
Despite its denunciations of Iranian interference in Iraq , the White House has had no compunction in waging its own covert operations inside Iran , backing opposition groups and armed ethnic separatists in an effort to bring about “ regime change ” .
At the same time , the US military continues to maintain a huge and menacing naval presence in the Persian Gulf .
Within the White House , the debate over Iran takes place within a very narrow range .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the State Department favour an emphasis on diplomatic bullying and punitive sanctions to force Tehran to capitulate to US demands , but do not rule out the military option .
Vice President Dick Cheney and the more hawkish layers of the Bush administration dismiss “ diplomacy ” as ineffective and continue to push for aggressive military action , possibly in league with Israel .
According to the Boston Globe , some senior White House officials bitterly opposed even holding a second round of talks with Iran .
These differences find their reflection in the public debate .
In comments to the Boston Globe , Michael Rubin from the right - wing American Enterprise Institute criticised State Department officials for being so desperate to show progress in Iraq that they were willing to make dangerous compromises with Iran .
“ We think it is progress , but the Iranians are chuckling at their humiliation of us .
We tend to show our desperation , yet Iran has yet to offer a single confidence - building measure , ” he said .
Far from opposing the Bush administration , leading Democrat contenders are queuing up to prove their tough credentials on Iran .
In an article entitled “ US lawmakers unite to demonise Iran ” , the Asia Times website reported the written statements of support sent by Hillary Clinton and Barrack Obama to a press conference of a pro-Zionist lobby group , The Israel Project ( TIP ) , last Thursday .
Obama , who recently introduced the Iran Sanctions Enabling
Act to impose stiffer measures against Iran , declared that “ allowing Iran , a radical theocracy that supports terrorism and openly threatens its neighbours to acquire nuclear weapons is a risk we cannot take ” .
Not to be outdone , Clinton , who is pushing her own anti-Iranian legislation , condemned Iran , saying : “ We cannot permit Iran to build or acquire nuclear weapons .
We must not let go unanswered its state sponsorship of terrorism . ”
There is no more evidence that Iran is building nuclear weapons than supporting anti-US insurgents in Iraq .
Behind the unanimity in the American political establishment over taking more aggressive action against Iran lie the same strategic and economic interests that drove the criminal invasion and occupation of Iraq .
Whatever the tactical differences , there is broad agreement in US ruling circles that the US must establish its predominance over its European and Asian rivals in the resource - rich regions of the Middle East and Central Asia .
Rep . Henry Waxman has accused the State Department ’s top oversight official of looking out for the best interests of the Bush administration , and not the American taxpayer .
A number of current and former subordinates of the State Department ’s inspector general contacted Waxman to report interference with investigations into fraud and corruption in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere .
New York Times :
WASHINGTON — A top House Democrat began an inquiry [ Tuesday ] into accusations that the State Department inspector general repeatedly interfered with investigations into fraud and abuse in Iraq and Afghanistan , including defects in construction of the huge United States embassy in Baghdad , and put loyalty to the Bush administration ahead of his duties to American taxpayers .
Representative Henry A. Waxman of California , the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , sent the inspector general , Howard J. Krongard , a 14 - page letter spelling out accusations , which he said came from several current and former employees of that office , who documented their charges with e-mails .
Mr. Waxman wrote that the staff complaints followed Mr. Krongard ’s testimony on July 26 to the House committee .
Some of the accusers have sought “ whistleblower ” status , which protects government employees who report malfeasance from being punished for doing so , Mr. Waxman said .
Read more
" Dock woke up late .
Why should n't he ?
As far as he knew , the team had an off day and he planned to take full advantage of it .
Three hits of LSD were ready and waiting in the refrigerator . "
" A few minutes later , his girlfriend returned with coffee , donuts , and the morning paper .
At noon , they dropped acid .
Dock put on a record , while his girlfriend read the paper . "
" Dock , it says here you 're pitching today ! "
" Whaaaa ...? said Dock groggily .
He snatched the paper , scanned the box scores , and read :
PITTSBURGH AT PADRES
DOUBLEHEADER
( 6 P.M. ) - Ellis ( 4 - 4 ) vs .
Roberts ( 3 - 3 )
( LW , 1993 )
" That 's when it was $ 9.50 to fly to San Diego .
She got me to the airport at 3:30 .
I got there at 4:30 , and the game started at 6:05 pm .
It was a twi - night doubleheader .
( HT , 1987 )
" Dave Roberts , the Padres ' pitcher , had an easy first inning , ending with Roberto Clemente hitting one back to the box .
Dock marched to the mound , wondering if he 'd last the inning .
( LW , 1993 )
" His fingers tingled as he squeezed the ball .
He squinted to see catcher Jerry May 's hand signals .
He nodded his head and went into his windup , falling slightly off balance in the process .
The ball hit the ground about two feet in front of the plate and skipped into May 's glove .
" May signaled for a fastball outside .
Dock wound up and threw a hot one over the the corner of the plate - a swinging strike !
In was no ordinary pitch :
The ball burst from Dock 's hand and left a blazing , cometlike tail that remained visible long after the ball was caught .
" Dock felt wobbly on the mound and his stomach was churning with acid cramps .
His concentration , however , was superb .
As long as he kept to his fastball , the comets kept burning across the plate .
All he had to do was steer the ball down the multicolored path .
Dock had a crazed look in his eyes and his lack of control was evident to the batters , many of whom were feeling increasingly vulnerable in the batter 's box .
Dock easily retired three batters in a row [ in the second inning ] .
( HT , 1987 )
I was zeroed in on the ( catcher 's ) glove , but I did n't hit the glove too much .
I remember hitting a couple of batters and the bases were loaded two or three times .
The ball was small sometimes , the ball was large sometimes , sometimes I saw the catcher , sometimes I did n't .
Sometimes I tried to stare the hitter down and throw while I was looking at him .
I chewed my gum until it turned to powder .
They say I had about three to four fielding chances .
I remember diving out of the way of a ball I thought was a line drive .
I jumped , but the ball was n't hit hard and never reached me . "
( LW , 1993 )
" The Pirates were clinging to their 1 - 0 lead .
Dock was staring at the scoreboard when he realized he 'd pitched hitless ball for seven innings .
He smacked Cash on the arm .
" Hey , look , " said Dock , pointing at the scoreboard .
" I 've got a no - no going ! "
Cash gave him a blank look .
" A no - no ? " asked Cash .
He 'd never heard the term before .
But Cash wanted to keep the pitcher loose and happy , so he smiled and said nothing .
You may have heard about " no- hitter " that Bob Milacki's of the Oakland A's pitched last week .
No-hitters are pretty rare and this one made the news everywhere .
One of the local TV stations refered to it as Milacki's " no - no , " a term that originated with Dock Ellis 's no-hitter back on June 12th , 1970 for the Pittsburgh Pirates .
Dock pitched that game on acid .
Reportedly he wrote about the experience in his authobiography ( Dock Ellis in the Country of Baseball ) published in 1976 .
Here are some interesting excerpts from an account of the game in the August 1987 issue of High Times magazine and from a Lysergic World article from 1993 .
He makes it to the game and after having someone help him find his locker , he suits up and enters the game .
The seventh inning : Doc Ellis went on to finished the game without a hit .
The Pirates won the game , 2 - 0 , despite Ellis walking eight batters .
Dock had a pretty good year in 1970 .
He went 13 - 10 , and helped the Pirates win their first of three divisional championships .
See audio and video recordings :
As Mike Bayer mentioned , I recently did some cross-ORM comparisons .
The charts below all show " number of requests " on the X axis and " number of seconds to complete those requests " on the Y axis .
Update : Mike found some problems in my methodology and posted a very thorough " revisiting " post .
Definitely read that if you read this .
Methodology
I used trunk versions of Geniusql ( 1.0 ) and SQLAlchemy ( 0.4 , without using the orm subpackage ) , and the latest stable distro of Storm ( 0.10 ) .
All test runs were done on my Win2k laptop , which has a 2GHz CPU and 512MB of RAM .
PostgreSQL 8.0.0rc1 was the DB engine , and psycopg2 was the driver .
Scripts and a CSV are here : http://www.aminus.org/rbre/python/ormcompare/
I 'd be happy to be notified I did something wrong in the SQLAlchemy or Storm code ( especially if you can patch it to do better ) .
Results and Analysis
As with all benchmarks , take this with a heavy grain of salt .
The numbers say far more about the values and designs of each ORM than they do about the performance of particular subsystems in each ORM .
To wit :
Step 2 : Insert
Inserting single objects :
SQLAlchemy is doing something that Geniusql and Storm are n't doing on every insert .
A trace of SQLAlchemy and Geniusql shows Geniusql making 13 Python function calls for a single simple insert , whereas SQLAlchemy makes over 400 !
What could it be doing ?
Apparently , SQLAlchemy is spending a lot of time generating bound parameters .
That is , it generates the SQL INSERT INTO " Animal " ( " ID " , " Name " , " Species " , " Legs " ) VALUES ( : ID , : Name , : Species , : Legs ) , which Geniusql does n't do .
Is it ostensibly doing this for speed reasons ?
If so , the benchmark results seem to argue that it's a losing battle ; the auto - generation of optimized code is costing more than the savings gained from the optimization .
It also spends far too long fetching the autoincremented ID's , using 73 Python function calls ; Geniusql manages it in 4 : fetch , log , a __getattr__ , and a pull method to coerce the new ID to the proper Python type .
But then , SQLAlchemy is also populating the new object with other ( non-autoincrementing ) default values , in Python , which Geniusql does n't do ( it relegates that to its ORM layer , Dejavu ) .
I 'd bet SQLAlchemy would be better off just fetching the new row ( which the DB has populated with default values already anyway ) .
Here 's a trace of Geniusql retrieving the autoincremented ID :
> _grab_new_ids ( postgres : 520 ) > fetch ( psycopg:94 ) > log ( objects : 794 ) < log ( objects : 795 ) 0.047ms > __getattr__ ( conns : 23 ) < __getattr__ ( conns : 24 ) : < built - in method cursor of psycopg2._psycopg.connection object at 0x00ADB020 > 0.052ms < fetch ( psycopg: 120 ) : ( [ ( 13L , ) ] , ( ( ' last_value ' , 20 , 2 , 8 , None , None , None ) , ) ) 1.232ms < _grab_new_ids ( postgres : 527 ) : {' ID ' : 13L} 1.601ms
and here 's an SQLAlchemy trace :
> get_column_default ( postgres : 616 ) > __get__ ( util:191 ) < __get__ ( util:195 ) : True 0.062ms > get_column_default ( base : 1530 ) > traverse_single ( sql:893 ) > visit_sequence ( postgres : 633 ) > < lambda > ( base : 1528 ) < < lambda > ( base : 1528 ) : < sqlalchemy.databases.postgres .PGDialect object at 0x00A23A30 > 0.049ms > format_sequence ( ansisql : 1026 ) > __generic_obj_format ( ansisql : 1004 ) > _get_case_sensitive ( schema : 110 ) < _get_case_sensitive ( schema : 119 ) : True 0.058ms < __generic_obj_format ( ansisql:1010 ) : ' animal_id_seq ' 0.289ms < format_sequence ( ansisql : 1027 ) : ' animal_id_seq ' 0.462ms > execute ( base : 712 ) > _execute_text ( base : 722 ) > __distill_params ( base : 728 ) < __distill_params ( base : 735 ) 0.080ms > __create_execution_context ( base : 761 ) > < lambda > ( base : 932 ) < < lambda > ( base : 932 ) : < sqlalchemy.databases.postgres .PGDialect object at 0x00A23A30 > 0.051ms > create_execution_context ( postgres : 231 ) > __init__ ( default : 146 ) > __encode_param_keys ( default : 184 ) > supports_unicode_statements ( default:50 ) < supports_unicode_statements ( default:52 ) : False 0.049ms > proc ( default :189 ) < proc ( default :193 ) 0.065ms < __encode_param_keys ( default :198 ) 0.794ms > supports_unicode_statements ( default:50 ) < supports_unicode_statements ( default:52 ) : False 0.048ms > create_cursor ( postgres : 183 ) > _is_server_side ( postgres : 180 ) < _is_server_side ( postgres : 181 ) : False 0.051ms > _get_connection ( base : 532 ) < _get_connection ( base : 534 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionFairy object at 0x00BDA950 > 0.059ms > cursor ( pool:308 ) > __init__ ( pool:391 ) < __init__ ( pool:393 ) 0.061ms < cursor ( pool : 311 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._CursorFairy object at 0x00BDAE90 > 0.271ms < create_cursor ( postgres : 190 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._CursorFairy object at 0x00BDAE90 > 0.832ms < __init__ ( default : 174 ) 2.301ms < create_execution_context ( postgres : 232 ) : < sqlalchemy.databases.postgres.PGExecutionContext object at 0x00BDAD70 > 2.487ms < __create_execution_context ( base : 762 ) : < sqlalchemy.databases.postgres.PGExecutionContext object at 0x00BDAD70 > 2.860ms > __execute_raw ( base : 764 ) > is_info_enabled ( logging : 71 ) > isEnabledFor ( logging /__init__:1139 ) > getEffectiveLevel ( logging /__init__:1125 ) < getEffectiveLevel ( logging /__init__:1135 ) : 30 0.129ms < isEnabledFor ( logging /__init__:1145 ) : False 0.334ms < is_info_enabled ( logging : 72 ) : False 0.530ms > __execute ( base : 774 ) > do_execute ( default :103 ) > __getattr__ ( pool :404 ) < __getattr__ ( pool:405 ) : < built - in method execute of psycopg2._psycopg.cursor object at 0x00B94978 > 0.049ms < do_execute ( default :104 ) 2.892ms < __execute ( base : 781 ) 3.186ms > _autocommit ( base : 685 ) > in_transaction ( base : 617 ) < in_transaction ( base : 618 ) : False 0.049ms > match ( sre :126 ) > _compile ( sre:213 ) < _compile ( sre:218 ) : < _sre.SRE_Pattern object at 0x00BDC020 > 0.087ms < match ( sre:129 ) 0.270ms < _autocommit ( base : 689 ) 0.608ms < __execute_raw ( base : 772 ) 4.783ms > result ( default :233 ) > get_result_proxy ( postgres : 192 ) > _is_server_side ( postgres : 180 ) < _is_server_side ( postgres : 181 ) : False 0.051ms > __init__ ( base : 1126 ) > < lambda > ( default : 176 ) > < lambda > ( default :180 ) > _branch ( base : 538 ) > __init__ ( base : 524 ) < __init__ ( base : 530 ) 0.114ms < _branch ( base : 547 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.Connection object at 0x00BD1350 > 0.298ms < < lambda > ( default:180 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.Connection object at 0x00BD1350 > 0.475ms > < lambda > ( base : 549 ) < < lambda > ( base :549 ) : Engine ( postgres://postgres:djvpg@localhost/geniusql_bench )
0.048ms < < lambda > ( default :176 ) : Engine ( postgres://postgres:djvpg@localhost/geniusql_bench )
0.888ms > is_debug_enabled ( logging : 68 ) > isEnabledFor ( logging /__init__:1139 ) > getEffectiveLevel ( logging /__init__:1125 ) < getEffectiveLevel ( logging /__init__:1135 ) : 30 0.130 ms < isEnabledFor ( logging /__init__:1145 ) : False 0.340ms < is_debug_enabled ( logging :69 ) : False 0.541ms > is_select ( default :219 ) > match ( sre :126 ) > _compile ( sre:213 ) < _compile ( sre:218 ) : < _sre.SRE_Pattern object at 0x00BAB7F0 > 0.086ms < match ( sre:129 ) : < _sre.SRE_Match object at 0x00BC49F8 > 0.261ms < is_select ( default :222 ) : True 0.431ms > _init_metadata ( base : 1151 ) > _create_key_cache ( base : 1182 ) > __init__ ( util:51 ) < __init__ ( util:52 ) 0.049ms < _create_key_cache ( base : 1204 ) : {} 0.321ms > __getattr__ ( pool :404 ) < __getattr__ ( pool:405 ) : ( ( ' nextval ' , 20 , 2 , 8 , None , None , None ) , ) 0.053ms > dbapi_type_map ( default:30 ) < dbapi_type_map ( default:34 ) : {} 0.048ms > decode_result_columnname ( default :25 ) > decode ( utf_ 8:15 ) < decode ( utf_ 8:16 ) : ( u' nextval ' , 7 ) 0.053ms < decode_result_columnname ( default :28 ) : u'nextval ' 0.234ms > dialect_impl ( types:49 ) < dialect_impl ( types:51 ) : NullType ( ) 0.060ms < _init_metadata ( base : 1179 ) 1.758ms < __init__ ( base : 1135 ) 4.304ms < get_result_proxy ( postgres : 196 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.ResultProxy object at 0x00BD1E30 > 4.737ms < result ( default :234 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.ResultProxy object at 0x00BD1E30 > 4.917ms < _execute_text ( base : 726 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.ResultProxy object at 0x00BD1E30 > 13.304ms < execute ( base : 715 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.ResultProxy object at 0x00BD1E30 > 13.544ms > scalar ( base : 1318 ) > _fetchone_impl ( base : 1284 ) > __getattr__ ( pool :404 ) < __getattr__ ( pool:405 ) : < built - in method fetchone of psycopg2._psycopg.cursor object at 0x00B94978 > 0.051ms < _fetchone_impl ( base : 1285 ) : ( 13L , ) 0.250ms > _process_row ( base : 1291 ) > __init__ ( base : 1431 ) < __init__ ( base : 1436 ) 0.072ms < _process_row ( base : 1292 ) : ( 13L , ) 0.308ms > __getitem__ ( base : 1462 ) > _get_col ( base : 1280 ) > __getitem__ ( util:53 ) < __getitem__ ( util:55 ) : ( NullType ( ) , NullType ( ) , 0 ) 0.063ms > convert_result_value ( types:193 ) < convert_result_value ( types:194 ) : 13L 0.048ms < _get_col ( base : 1282 ) : 13L 0.503ms < __getitem__ ( base : 1467 ) : 13L 0.694ms > close ( base : 1206 ) > close ( pool:398 ) < close ( pool:400 ) 0.063ms > < lambda > ( base : 1140 ) > < lambda > ( default : 182 ) < < lambda > ( default :182 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.Connection object at 0x00BDACF0 > 0.048ms < < lambda > ( base : 1140 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.Connection object at 0x00BDACF0 > 0.229ms > < lambda > ( base : 552 ) < < lambda > ( base : 552 ) : False 0.050ms < close ( base : 1219 ) 0.796ms < scalar ( base : 1327 ) : 13L 2.721ms < visit_sequence ( postgres :635 ) : 13L 17.369ms < traverse_single ( sql:896 ) : 13L 17.584ms < get_column_default ( base : 1532 ) : 13L 17.773ms < get_column_default ( postgres :631 ) : 13L 18.196ms
Step 3 : Properties
Retrieving rows / objects by ID :
Again , Storm and Geniusql are close but SQLAlchemy is not .
There must be some things that SQLAlchemy is doing that the others are not .
Geniusql uses the pattern : parse expression , write SQL , fetch , iterate over result rows ( and coerce inbound values as they are yielded ) .
Storm does it a little differently .
The first time you call store .
find ( at least , I 'm assuming it 's only the first time ) , Storm pre-constructs SQL for you , including INSERT INTO , autoincrement ID getters , SELECT by ID , etc .
It 's the actual find ( ) . one ( ) call that does the traditional work .
The only significant difference from Geniusql in this step is that Storm 's inbound type adapters seem to be slower ( by a factor of 10 or so ) .
There 's no single thing I can point to that SQLAlchemy does in this case that the others do n't , it just seems to generally take more steps to do each phase .
The correlations seem to be taking the most time ; SQLAlchemy takes about 5 times longer to generate the SQL than Geniusql does .
And , like in the insert step , I 'm not sure the bind params are helping SQLAlchemy .
But then , Storm does parameter binding and manages to stay fast .
Step 4 : Expressions
Retrieving rows / objects with various WHERE clauses :
Oh , dear .
It looks like Storm needs some work in this department .
Those pre-calculated fetch - by - ID SQL statements are handy , but can't apply to every situation .
But let 's look at SQLAlchemy first :
SQLAlchemy does a lot of traversal of tree - like structures .
Some of this could / should be cached .
For example , Geniusql stores the quoted names of each column , so only a single attribute lookup is needed for each one in a SELECT clause ; fetching all the qnames and assembling them into the final SQL takes about 1 ms in my trace log .
SQLAlchemy , on the other hand , makes about 24 Python function calls ( 4.5 ms ) for each column .
The actual fetch - iterate - and - coerce step is practically the same for both libraries .
Storm takes about 3.4ms to generate each column name in a SELECT clause .
It also does some odd things with inbound coercion : it gets a decimal .
Decimal back for a column that was declared to be Float ( ?!
Zoo. Admission ) , and coerces that plus the unicode Zoo .
Name , but does n't run a coercion function at all for the date fields .
Guess it knows / trusts psycopg will return valid date objects .
Ah , so then it wraps up the decimal scalar value in a storm.
variables .
FloatVariable object .
Are you allowed to use binary floating - point " all the way down " in Storm ?
At any rate , it takes Storm about 60ms in my trace log to return the first object for each row , and then about 20 ms per row / object thereafter .
Geniusql takes about 20ms for the first row , and under 2 ms for each row thereafter .
It 's a good bet that that 's the bottleneck , and is most likely due to slow inbound adapters .
Step 5 : Crazy stuff
Retrieving rows with certain fields only ( projection ) , use of builtin functions ( today / now ) and use of distinct :
This one 's a little crazy for several reasons .
First , it tests some dissimilar things :
The ' Legs ' attribute of the ' Animal ' table is returned for all rows .
The ' Species ' and ' Lifespan ' columns are then retrieved for all rows .
The ' Zoo. Founded ' date attribute is compared using an SQL function like TODAY or NOW .
A DISTINCT query is run on the Animal table .
Second , I could n't find a way to get Storm to write TODAY into the SQL , so that test cheats a bit and just sticks datetime .
datetime .
today into the initial expression .
I 'm pretty convinced that 's why the Storm times are so low on this test .
But let 's break down the trace log times for the first test , fetching SELECT Legs FROM Animal .
Here 's SQLAlchemy :
view = select ( [ Animal.c.Legs ]).execute ( ). fetchall ( ) legs = [ x [ 0 ] for x in view ] [ Animal.c. Legs ] = 1.3 ms select ( ) = 2.9 ms execute ( ) = 63.6 ms fetchall ( ) = 15.5 ms listcomp = 10.4 ms
Here 's the Geniusql equivalent :
view = db.select (( Animal , [ ' Legs ' ] ) ) legs = [ x [ 0 ] for x in view ] select ( ) = 13.2 ms +- fetch ( ) = 1.9 ms listcomp = 4.2 ms
And the Storm timings :
legs = getall ( Animal .
Legs ) getall ( ) = 13.8 ms +- execute ( ) = 10.0 ms +- get_all ( ) = 2.7 ms
I just noticed I forgot the listcomp in the Storm test .
Meh .
The third query is more complicated than the ones we 've seen so far , so it takes up most of the time in this entire step .
Geniusql takes 74.455 ms to write the SQL and fetch the data .
SQLAlchemy takes 17 ms just parsing all of the overridden operators in the expression ( Storm overrides operators , too , but typically does each one in 1/3 the time ) .
Then select ( ) is 3 ms , execute is 115 ms (! ) , and fetchall is 11 more .
I 've been thinking lately of adding compound SELECTs to Geniusql recently , but if that means a doubling of execution time for SELECTs without any correlated subqueries , perhaps I 'll wait a while .
Just kidding -- I 'm sure it can be done more simply ; if SQLAlchemy could short - circuit the traversal of ClauseVisitors in the common case ( one table , no compounded SELECTs ) , it might improve dramatically .
Step 6 : Editing
Updating rows / objects :
No surprises here .
SQLAlchemy parses the WHERE clause of the UPDATE statements faster than Geniusql , but here come those correlated subquery traversals and bind params again to slow the whole thing down .
I just noticed something else : Geniusql uses the following sequence of events to grab a connection :
> get ( conns : 241 ) > id ( conns : 271 ) < id ( conns:273 ) : 0.049ms > get ( conns:269 ) : 0.280ms
Here 's the SQLAlchemy system :
> contextual_connect ( base : 1036 ) > __init__ ( base : 524 ) > raw_connection ( base : 1086 ) > connect ( pool : 157 ) > __init__ ( pool : 262 ) > __init__ ( pool : 256 ) < __init__ ( pool : 257 ) 0.055 ms > get ( pool : 171 ) > do_get ( pool : 533 ) > get ( queue : 124 ) > acquire ( threading :93 ) > currentThread ( threading : 672 ) < currentThread ( threading : 674 ) : < _MainThread( MainThread , started ) > 0.058ms > _note ( threading : 44 ) < _note ( threading : 45 ) 0.050 ms < acquire ( threading : 109 ) : True 0.518ms > _empty ( queue : 181 ) < _empty ( queue : 182 ) : False 0.049ms > _get ( queue : 193 ) < _get ( queue : 194 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionRecord object at 0x00C0F1F0 > 0.050ms > notify ( threading : 236 ) > _is_owned ( threading : 143 ) > currentThread ( threading : 672 ) < currentThread ( threading : 674 ) : < _MainThread( MainThread , started ) > 0.054ms < _is_owned ( threading : 144 ) : True 0.232ms > _note ( threading : 44 ) < _note ( threading : 45 ) 0.047ms < notify ( threading : 243 ) 0.649ms > release ( threading : 111 ) > currentThread ( threading : 672 ) < currentThread ( threading : 674 ) : < _MainThread ( MainThread , started ) > 0.055 ms > _note ( threading : 44 ) < _note ( threading : 45 ) 0.048ms < release ( threading : 119 ) 0.487ms < get ( queue : 157 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionRecord object at 0x00C0F1F0 > 2.532ms < do_get ( pool : 536 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionRecord object at 0x00C0F1F0 > 2.743ms < get ( pool : 172 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionRecord object at 0x00C0F1F0 > 2.914ms > get_connection ( pool : 219 ) < get_connection ( pool : 234 ) : < connection object at 0x00B94E58 ; dsn : ' dbname=geniusql_bench host=localhost user=postgres password=*****' , closed : 0 > 0.079ms > __get__ ( logging : 86 ) > _get_instance_name ( logging : 56 ) < _get_instance_name ( logging:60 ) : ' sqlalchemy.pool.QueuePool.0x..50 ' 0.061ms > getLogger ( logging / __init__:1225 ) > getLogger ( logging / __init__:832 ) > _acquireLock ( logging / __init__:171 ) > acquire ( threading :93 ) > currentThread ( threading : 672 ) < currentThread ( threading : 674 ) : < _MainThread( MainThread , started ) > 0.056ms > _note ( threading : 44 ) < _note ( threading : 45 ) 0.048 ms < acquire ( threading : 109 ) : True 0.496ms < _acquireLock ( logging / __init__:181 ) 0.687ms > _releaseLock ( logging / __init__:183 ) > release ( threading : 111 ) > currentThread ( threading : 672 ) < currentThread ( threading : 674 ) : < _MainThread( MainThread , started ) > 0.056ms > _note ( threading : 44 ) < _note ( threading : 45 ) 0.048ms < release ( threading : 119 ) 0.481ms < _releaseLock ( logging / __init__:188 ) 0.658ms < getLogger ( logging / __init__:862 ) : < logging .
Logger instance at 0x00B96F58 > 1.775ms < getLogger ( logging / __init__:1232 ) : < logging .
Logger instance at 0x00B96F58 > 1.994ms > getEffectiveLevel ( logging /__init__:1125 ) < getEffectiveLevel ( logging /__init__:1135 ) : 30 0.134ms < __get__ ( logging:90 ) : False 2.731ms < __init__ ( pool : 273 ) 6.473ms > checkout ( pool : 319 ) < checkout ( pool : 325 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionFairy object at 0x00C0FF50 > 0.092ms < connect ( pool : 159 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionFairy object at 0x00C0FF50 > 6.878ms < raw_connection ( base : 1089 ) : < sqlalchemy.pool._ConnectionFairy object at 0x00C0FF50 > 7.059ms < __init__ ( base : 530 ) 7.308ms < contextual_connect ( base : 1042 ) : < sqlalchemy.engine.base.Connection object at 0x00C0F910 > 7.486ms
Houston , we have a problem .
Do n't log if you do n't have to ( especially when using the Python stdlib 's extremely - nested logging module , which is slow even when turned off ) , and use a map of conns to threads instead of going to the Queue for every request .
Geniusql manages this by using weakref wrappers on the conns , so when a thread no longer references its mapped connection , it 's returned to the pool .
Storm gets around this by not having a pool , or even threadsafe Store objects -- each Store has its own connection , so it " maps conns to threads " by limiting you to one Store +conn per thread .
That 's enough analysis for now .
Hope you enjoyed the ride .
In the year 1956 , " the Dutch graphic artist M.C. Escher made an lithograph with the title ' Print Gallery ' .
It shows a young man viewing a print in an exhibition gallery .
Amongst the buildings depicted on the print , he sees paradoxically the very same gallery that he is standing in . "
The term was coined by the poet and columnist Nico Scheepmaker at the end of the 1970s .
It is named after Droste , a Dutch brand of cocoa , whose box has a picture of a lady carrying a serving tray with a cup of hot chocolate and a box of the same brand of cocoa .
Droste Effect flash movies - I Droste Effect flash movies - II
If you need any help here is the tutorial .
Source : 1 Other Posts :
ILULISSAT , Greenland ( CNN ) --
From the air , Greenland 's ice sheet , the second largest on Earth , appears to be perfectly still .
A boat sails by an iceberg floating in the Jacobshavn Bay near the town of Ilulissat , Greenland .
But below the surface , the ice sheet is in constant motion , as ice built up in the interior pushes toward the coast in the form of massive glaciers .
During warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .
It 's an age - old process that scientists say has sped up in recent decades because of global warming .
The fear is that melting ice from Greenland and other Arctic areas could cause sea levels to rise enough to flood low - lying cities , such as Shanghai , China , and New York City , displacing millions of people in the process .
A recent report from the U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , made up of scientists from around the world , estimates the sea level rise by 2100 could be as much as 1½ feet .
" That sea level rise is only based on melt from ice sheets , and does not include a new fast flow of ice we have detected in Greenland that is generating additional icebergs , " said Dr. Konrad Steffen , a climate scientist with the University of Colorado , Boulder .
Watch how greenhouse gases cause temperatures to rise »
Steffen estimates sea levels could rise three feet over the next century , a stark prediction that could wreak havoc around the world if it comes to pass .
Greenland holds enough ice to cause sea levels to rise 23 feet if the entire ice sheet melted , a development few scientists expect to happen anytime soon .
But global sea levels have been rising at the rate of three millimeters per year since 1993 .
For each of the past 17 years , Steffen has spent one month at a remote research site called Swiss Camp , located 300 miles north of the Arctic Circle in Greenland .
He monitors the changing ice sheet through a network of global positioning systems and weather stations , which have recorded a dramatic rise in temperatures since the mid-1990s .
" When we came here in 1990 , the first two , three years were actually colder than normal .
Then in 1994 , 1995 , it started to warm steadily and since then , we 've had a temperature increase during the winter months of 4.5 degrees centigrade , 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit , which is very large , the largest temperature increase on earth , " he said .
The rising temperatures feed what scientists call a " positive feedback loop . "
As the air warms , it melts ice on the sea and snow on land .
This exposes more water and land to the sun .
Those surfaces in turn absorb more of the sun 's heat , leading to more snow melt and ice melt .
" When you look at our satellite analysis , we can see the melt area of Greenland over 30 years has increased by 30 percent , " Steffen said .
Despite all the changes in Greenland , this is not the first time temperatures have risen on the world 's largest island .
During the 1920s and 1930s , there was a significant warming trend that occurred without the level of man-made greenhouse gases recorded in our atmosphere today .
The majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are the chief cause of global warming .
The fact Greenland has warmed before leads some scientists to question how worried we should be about the current warming trend .
Dr. Patrick Michaels , a climatologist , is part of a small group of climate change skeptics .
He said Greenland 's warm past did n't cause the ice sheet to disappear .
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
" Well , this happened for 50 years in the early 20th century , and it happened for a millennium after the end of the last ice age , " he said .
" And the ice did n't shed off it . "
But Dr. Jay Zwally , a climate scientist with NASA , said he thinks the latest trend is different .
" The current warming trend in Greenland is very extensive and is not likely to be explained by natural variability alone , " he said .
Zwally said the warming is consistent with scientific predictions about the effects of man-made greenhouse gases .
Last year , satellite data collected by NASA scientists revealed Greenland is losing 100 billion tons of ice each year , more than it is gaining from snowfall in the interior .
Steffen and others have also detected a new , faster movement of the ice sheet , causing the glaciers to dump more ice into the ocean , where it melts and contributes to sea - level rise .
Part of this faster flow is caused by moulins , deep holes in the ice sheet that allow water to flow beneath the surface .
" During the summer months , as the ice sheet melts , large running rivers of melt water snake down through the ice , to the bedrock base below , " Steffen said .
Last year , researchers lowered a camera into a moulin to explore the depth and flow of the melt water .
Once the melt water from the surface reaches the bedrock below the ice , it can lift the ice sheet and provide a layer of viscosity for the ice to move faster toward the sea , a process that could accelerate as Greenland continues to warm .
Steffen hopes his prediction of a three - foot rise in global sea level by 2100 wo n't become a reality .
But he warned that even if we are able to reduce the world 's carbon output from cars and power plants , it will take a long time for Earth 's climate to stop warming and seas to stop rising .
" Even if we reduce our carbon dioxide output , the climate will continue to warm , " he said .
" So even by stopping the increase of carbon dioxide today , we will have a warming , we will have sea level increase . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Greenland • Arctic Circle
washington --
After smothering efforts by war critics in Congress to drastically cut U.S. troop levels in Iraq , President Bush plans to ask lawmakers next week to approve another massive spending measure -- totaling nearly $ 200 billion -- to fund the war through next year , Pentagon officials said .
If Bush ’s spending request is approved , 2008 will be the most expensive year of the Iraq war .
U.S. war costs have continued to grow because of the additional combat forces sent to Iraq this year and because of efforts to quickly ramp up production of new technology , such as mine - resistant trucks designed to protect troops from roadside bombs .
The new trucks can cost three to six times as much as an armored Humvee .
The Bush administration said earlier this year that it probably would need $ 147.5 billion for 2008 , but Pentagon officials now say that and $ 47 billion more will be required .
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates and other officials are to formally present the full request at a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing Wednesday .
Advertisement
The funding request means that war costs are projected to grow even as the number of deployed combat troops begins a gradual decline starting in December .
Spending on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is to rise from $ 173 billion this year to about $ 195 billion in fiscal 2008 , which begins Oct. 1 .
When costs of CIA operations and embassy expenses are added , the war in Iraq currently costs taxpayers about $ 12 billion a month , said Winslow T. Wheeler , a former Republican congressional budget aide who is a senior fellow at the Center for Defense Information in Washington .
“ Everybody predicts declines , but they have n’t occurred , and 2008 will be higher than 2007 , ” Wheeler said .
“ It all depends on what happens in Iraq , but thus far it has continued to get bloodier and more expensive .
Everyone says we are going to turn the corner here , but the corner has not been turned . ”
In 2004 , the two conflicts together cost $ 94 billion ; in 2005 , they cost $ 108 billion ; in 2006 , $ 122 billion .
Advertisement
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are financed through a single administration request to Congress , and their costs are combined in the legislation .
The new spending request is likely to push the cumulative cost of the war in Iraq alone through 2008 past the $ 600 - billion mark -- more than the Korean War and nearly as much as the Vietnam War , based on estimates by government budget officials .
Opposition
After the defeat this week of Democratic proposals to force faster troop withdrawals from Iraq , the new funding request presents a potential target for war critics on Capitol Hill .
Advertisement
“ Now that we have a Democratic Congress and the war is less popular and we are not talking about $ 100 billion a year but $ 200 billion a year -- some of which is not directly war - related -- the question is whether the Congress will slim it down , ” said Steven M. Kosiak , vice president of budget studies at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
Despite setbacks , the staunchest war opponents on Capitol Hill are pushing for new limits .
This week , Sen. Russell D. Feingold ( D - Wis. ) unsuccessfully proposed cutting funding by next summer for most military operations in Iraq .
In the House , antiwar lawmakers have gathered 80 signatures on a letter they plan to send to Bush expressing their opposition to “ appropriating any additional funds for U.S. military operations in Iraq other than a time - bound , safe redeployment . ”
But Republicans continue to oppose such funding limitations .
And it is unlikely that any funding cut could win a majority in either chamber .
Feingold ’s proposal garnered only 28 votes Thursday , as 20 Democrats joined 49 Republicans and one independent to quash it .
Advertisement
“ The additional funding is so closely tied to the safety of U.S. troops , the Democrats are unwilling to challenge it , even though it is a potential point of leverage for forcing a drawdown , ” said Loren B. Thompson , a military analyst with the Lexington Institute think tank .
The Bush administration ’s initial estimate of 2008 costs , released in February , did not include money for the troop buildup .
The military needs additional money to continue the deployment of those forces , which are due to withdraw between December and July .
Still , military budget analysts said that just a fraction of $ 47 billion would go to support the additional forces .
The bulk of the money would be spent on better armor , weapons systems and fixing the materiel ground down by the punishing environment of Iraq .
Advertisement
Kosiak estimates about $ 15 billion of the new request would be used to cover the additional troops .
“ They do n’t want to just replace what was worn out and destroyed , they want to get better stuff , and get more stuff in some cases , ” he said .
New armored trucks
Military leaders hope that new armored vehicles like “ mine resistant ambush protected ” vehicles can better protect forces in Iraq .
Production of MRAPs , which have a V - shaped hull to deflect bomb blasts , is being dramatically ramped up , and the military is seeking to speed their delivery to Iraq , where improvised explosives remain the gravest threat to troops .
Advertisement
Defense contractors produced 82 MRAPs in June .
The Pentagon has set a production target of 1,300 a month by December .
MRAPs were once primarily seen as a vehicle suited for clearing bombs from roads , but the Army is gradually coming to the conclusion that it needs to replace most of its Humvees with the better - armored vehicles , said Thompson , who also has consulted for defense contractors .
“ This was a modest program that has grown into the biggest armored - vehicle program in a generation , ” he said .
Demands for better armor , coupled with the ease with which insurgents can make roadside bombs , suggest that even as troops gradually draw down , war costs could remain high .
Advertisement
A study released this week by the Congressional Budget Office estimated that a long - term presence of 55,000 troops in Iraq would cost $ 25 billion to $ 30 billion a year if those troops were regularly involved in combat operations .
But it may be some time before the U.S. force reaches such a small size , and budgets in the years to come are likely to be far larger than those estimates .
Pentagon analysts are working on 2009 budget estimates , to be unveiled early next year .
Even if the Bush administration reduces the size of the force in Iraq in 2008 , analysts expect the 2009 budget to remain between $ 170 billion and $ 200 billion .
“ As long as large numbers of U.S. troops and civilian contractors are deployed in the country , ” Thompson said , “ it is going to cost billions of dollars a month to protect them . ”
Advertisement
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Times staff writer Noam N. Levey contributed to this report .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
What 's Wrong With The Ten Commandments ?
Critics of the Christian bible occasionally can score a point or two in discussion with the religious community by noting the many teachings in both the Old and New Testaments that encourage the bible believer to hate and to kill , biblical lessons that history proves Christians have taken most seriously .
Nonetheless the bible defendant is apt to offer as an indisputable parting shot , " But do n't forget the ten commandments .
They are the basic bible teaching .
Study the ten commandments . "
Do study the ten commandments !
They epitomize the childishness , the vindictiveness , the sexism , the inflexibility and the inadequacies of the bible as a book of morals .
Actually , only six of the ten commandments deal with an individual 's moral conduct , which comes as a surprise to most Christians .
Essentially , the first four commandments say :
Commandments 1 - 4 : Appealing to an insecure God
1. Thou shalt have no other gods before me .
2. Thou shalt not make thee any graven images or bow down to them , and if you do I 'll get you and your kids and their descendants .
3 . Thou shalt not take the name of the lord in vain .
4. Keep the Sabbath holy .
The exact terminology is found in chapter five of Deuteronomy .
Two other versions of the " ten commandments " can be found in the Old Testament .
One version , in Exodus 20 , differs slightly from the Deuteronomy version , while a third , in Exodus 34 , is wildly different , containing commandments about sacrifices and offerings and ending with the teaching : " Thou shalt not seethe a kid in its mother 's milk . "
This is the only version referred to in scriptures as the " ten commandments . "
In essence , the first four commandments all scream that " the lord thy god " has an uneasy vanity , and like most dictators , must resort to threats , rather than intellectual persuasion , to promote a point of view .
If there were an omnipotent god , can you imagine him or her being concerned if some poor little insignificant creature puttered around and made a graven image ?
Do you think that any god , possessing the modicum of good will you could expect to find in any neighbor , would want to punish children even " unto the third and fourth generation " because their fathers could not believe ?
How can anyone not perceive the pettiness , bluster , bombast and psychotic insecurity behind the first four commandments ?
We are supposed to respect this !
Honor thy father and mother
" Honor thy father and thy mother " is the fifth commandment , and it is , of course , an extension of the authoritarian rationale behind the first four .
Honor cannot be bestowed automatically by an honest intellect .
Intellectually honest people can honor only those who , in their opinion , warrant their honor .
The biologic fact of fatherhood and motherhood does not in and of itself warrant honor .
Until very recently parenthood was not a matter of choice .
It still is a mandatory , not optional , happening for many of the world 's people .
Why should any child be commanded to honor , without further basis , parents who became parents by accident -- who did n't even plan to have a child ?
All of us know children who have been abused , beaten or neglected by their parents .
What is the basis for honor there ?
How does the daughter honor a father who sexually molests her ?
" Honor only those who merit your honor " would be a more appropriate teaching , and if that includes your parents , great !
" Honor your children " would have been a compassionate commandment .
Thou shalt not kill , commit adultery , steal or bear false witness
Commandments six through nine -- thou shalt not kill , commit adultery , steal or bear false witness -- obviously have merit , but even they need extensive revision .
To kill in self - defense is regrettable , but it is certainly morally defensible , eminently sensible conduct .
So is the administration of a shot or medication that will end life for the terminally ill patient who wishes to die .
Ask yourself , do you really need a supernatural entity to tell you that stealing someone else 's property is n't a good idea ?
Do you not think you ( and millions of people before you of virtually every conceivable belief ) have n't also felt this same way ?
It is less a question of morality and more a question of survival that if you avoid unnecessary harm to other people and their property , it 's less likely you 'll be harmed yourself .
Do you honestly believe God is the first person to come up with this notion ?
Thou shalt not commit adultery
Adultery , the subject of the seventh commandment , again raises the question of an absolute ban .
For the most part fidelity in marriage is a sound rule , making for happiness ; but some marriages may outlast affection .
Some couples may agree to live by different rules .
Until relatively recent times Christian marriages were not dissolvable except by death , so the ban of divorce coupled with the ban of adultery obviously created great distress .
Adultery , it must be remembered , involves an act between consenting adults .
How much more relevant and valuable it would be to have , for instance , a commandment that forbids the violent crimes of rape and incest .
Thou shalt not steal
" Thou shalt not steal " raises questions regarding the usefulness of a blanket condemnation , and may put squatter 's rights ahead of public and private welfare .
Should people who are cold or ill steal to ameliorate their situations ?
Should the child who is hungry steal ?
Surely this commandment cries for some amending clauses .
One is reminded of the comment of Napoleon , who really had religion figured out : " How can you have order in a state without religion ?
For , when one man is dying of hunger near another who is ill of surfeit , he cannot resign himself to this difference unless there is an authority which declares , ' God wills it thus . '
Religion is excellent stuff for keeping people quiet . "
Thou shalt not bear false witness
In general , to bear false witness is construed to mean " do n't lie , " and that is a valuable moral precept , except again it is stated in absolute terms .
Lies have saved lives , they have preserved relationships , and every day they save hurt feelings .
The truth is not always a reasonable or kind solution .
Interestingly , in biblical times the dictum not to bear false witness against a neighbor was a tribal commandment and meant to apply only to persons within the tribe -- it was quite all right to bear false witness against " strangers . "
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor 's wife
Finally , the tenth commandment , which riles the feminist blood , says : " Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbor 's wife , neither shalt thou covet thy neighbor 's house , his field , or his manservant , or his maidservant , his ox , or his ass , or anything that is thy neighbor's . "
In addition to rating a wife with an ox and an ass , the bible loftily overlooks the woman who might desire her neighbor 's husband .
Covetousness somehow does not seem like such a crime .
If you can't have a comfortable house or a productive farm , what is the great harm in wishing you did ?
Covetousness may be nonproductive and unpretty , but to make a big , bad deal out of it is ridiculous .
Bible apologists sometimes will excuse the triviality of the tenth commandment on the basis that to covet , in a more superstitious age , meant " to cast an evil eye . "
Someone who coveted " his neighbor 's house " was purportedly casting an evil eye on that property with a view toward its destruction .
Whether one accepts the apologist 's definition of covet or the more popular meaning , the tenth commandment lacks real importance .
Summary
Little in Christianity is original .
Most of it is borrowed , just as the celebration of Christmas was borrowed from Roman and earlier pagan times .
When the " lord " supposedly wrote his commandments on two tablets of stone and delivered them to Moses ( Deut. 5:22 ) , he was only aping earlier gods : Bacchus , Zoroaster and Minos .
Reflect for a moment that almost anyone reading this nontract could write a kinder , wiser , more reasonable set of commandments than those that Christians insist we honor .
Try it !
Some of this information is provided with permission from the Freedom From Religion Foundation .
Text of the Ad , " Simple Choice , " Against Kuhl and Walberg Follows
" Nearly 700,000 children here in New York risk losing their affordable , quality health insurance , while Congressman Randy Kuhl receives his health care at taxpayers ' expense .
" With the State Children 's Health Insurance Program – SCHIP – set to expire , Congressman Kuhl has a choice to make .
" Continue to stand with President Bush or with American children .
" SCHIP will expand health care coverage for nearly 10 million children , and is funded by a 61 cent increase in the tobacco tax .
" Congress and 49 governors from across the country support SCHIP .
" Yet President Bush threatens to veto it SCHIP and Congressman Kuhl stands with him –instead of kids .
" Congressman Kuhl has a simple choice : give 10 million children the health care they need or turn his back on those children .
" Call Congressman Kuhl [ Walberg ] and tell him to stand with kids , NOT George Bush . "
Disclaimer :
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , www.dccc.org.
Not authorized by any candidate or candidate 's committee .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is responsible for the content of this advertising .
As you may recall , Congressman Tim Walberg voted against re-authorizing funding for children 's health care ( twice ) , a move that has brought the congressman considerable ( and deserved ) criticism .
I mean , let 's be serious here .
The man voted against helping children in a bill supported by the insurance industry and the AARP , and he tries to say that he voted against it because it was " socialized medicine " and a " nanny - state " and hurt senior citizens .
This was a chance to help children in need , and he blew it .
But it 's never about doing the right thing for Tim Walberg .
It 's about doing whatever the Club for Growth tells him to do .
So , it was a dumb move on every level .
That 's why I was very pleased to see that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is going to be running a series of ads in the districts of vulnerable Republicans who voted against the bill .
( Thanks , lpackard . )
Here 's the radio ad that 's running in the 7th District :
Robo Calls
In addition to radio ads , the automated calls will made in each of the targeted districts ( with the exception of NJ - 03 ) encouraging constituents to call their Republican Member and support children 's health care .
Lisa Matzenbach , a mother of a chronically ill child on SCHIP , recorded the calls .
Lisa and her daughter live in Joe Knollenberg 's district .
The text of the call follows : " I am Lisa Matzenbach calling on behalf of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
" My daughter , Liane , has a chronic illness .
Even though I work full time , I can't afford her care without SCHIP – the State Children 's Health Insurance Program .
" Congress recently passed legislation to provide SCHIP health care to over 10 million uninsured American children .
" But , Congressman Joe Knollenberg and President Bush are against providing more than 118,500 Michigan children access to the health care they desperately deserve .
" Please call Joe Knollenberg at ( 248 ) 851-1366 and tell him it's time he put our children first . "
Obviously , with Walberg 's name instead of Randy Kuhl ( and , I hope , with Michigan data instead of New York ) .
There 's also a robocall running :
Battle Creek Enquirer
Again , with Walberg 's information , not Knollenberg .
I 'm not normally a fan of robocalls -- as Sharon Renier learned , they can be used against you as a nasty campaign tactic and they can be kind of annoying .
Still , it names the organization -- the DCCC -- at the start of the ad , so that 's something .
Regardless of tactics , I 'm glad to see them bring up this issue .
Walberg is just plain wrong on it ( for a refutation of the Bush - Walberg version of the story , click here ) , and he's on the wrong side of popular opinion as well .
By the way , if you want to read one local SCHIP related story , be sure to check out this article from the
Labels : 110th Congress , DCCC , Health Care , Issues , Tim Walberg
WASHINGTON , Oct. 20  Senator Barack Obama said the leader of the civil rights division of the Justice Department should step down after suggesting that minority voters were not widely disenfranchised by laws requiring photo identification because many members of minorities died before reaching old age .
“ This administration has shown very little interest in making sure that all people have equal access to the ballot box , ” Mr. Obama said in a telephone interview .
“ It ’s important for all of us to embrace the basic notion that we should try to make voting easier , not harder . ”
Mr. Obama , an Illinois Democrat who is seeking his party ’s presidential nomination , was responding to a remark made by John Tanner , the chief of the Justice Department ’s civil rights division .
In a speech to a Latino group earlier this month in Los Angeles , Mr. Tanner said that a disproportionate share of elderly minority voters did not have identification , but added that it was not a widespread problem because of their life expectancy .
“ Creating problems for elderly persons just is not good under any circumstance , ” Mr. Tanner told the National Latino Congreso , according to a video posted on YouTube .
“ Of course , that also ties into the racial aspect because our society is such that minorities do n’t become elderly the way white people do .
They die first . ”
Jose Mourinho was mobbed on his arrival at Lisbon airport
Pedro Santana Lopes was appearing on the SIC channel when the programme was interrupted to show Mr Mourinho 's arrival at Lisbon airport .
" Do you think this justifies [ the interruption ] ? " he asked on air .
" This country is going crazy .
" I am not going ahead with the interview .
People have to learn . "
Mr Santana Lopes , the former conservative leader , was appearing on the programme on Wednesday to discuss his Social Democratic Party 's election plans .
" I like Mourinho but I wo n't be interrupted by the arrival of a football coach , " he said later .
" There are rules . "
The TV station said Mr Santana Lopes 's decision to walk out of the broadcast had been " disproportionate " .
The self - styled " Special One " was arriving home after his shock exit from Chelsea Football Club last week .
However his homecoming is expected to be temporary as he said he is not interested in coaching in Portugal again in the near future .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . --
Verbs evolve and homogenize at a rate inversely proportional to their prevalence in the English language , according to a formula developed by Harvard University mathematicians who 've invoked evolutionary principles to study our language over the past 1,200 years , from " Beowulf " to " Canterbury Tales " to " Harry Potter . "
Writing this week in the journal Nature , Erez Lieberman , Jean - Baptiste Michel , and colleagues in Harvard 's Program for Evolutionary Dynamics , led by Martin A. Nowak , conceive of linguistic development as an essentially evolutionary scheme : Just as genes and organisms undergo natural selection , words -- specifically , irregular verbs that do not take an " - ed " ending in the past tense -- are subject to powerful pressure to " regularize " as the language develops .
" Mathematical analysis of this linguistic evolution reveals that irregular verb conjugations behave in an extremely regular way -- one that can yield predictions and insights into the future stages of a verb 's evolutionary trajectory , " says Lieberman , a graduate student in applied mathematics in Harvard 's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and in the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology , and an affiliate of Harvard 's Program for Evolutionary Dynamics .
" We measured something no one really thought could be measured , and got a striking and beautiful result . "
" We 're really on the front lines of developing the mathematical tools to study evolutionary dynamics , " says Michel , a graduate student in systems biology at Harvard Medical School and an affiliate of the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics .
" Before , language was considered too messy and difficult a system for mathematical study , but now we 're able to successfully quantify an aspect of how language changes and develops . "
Lieberman , Michel , and colleagues built upon previous study of seven competing rules for verb conjugation in Old English , six of which have gradually faded from use over time .
They found that the one surviving rule , which adds an " - ed " suffix to simple past and past participle forms , contributes to the evolutionary decay of irregular English verbs according to a specific mathematical function :
It regularizes them at a rate that is inversely proportional to the square root of their usage frequency .
In other words , a verb used 100 times less frequently will evolve 10 times as fast .
To develop this formula , the researchers tracked the status of 177 irregular verbs in Old English through linguistic changes in Middle English and then modern English .
Of these 177 verbs that were irregular 1,200 years ago , 145 stayed irregular in Middle English and just 98 remain irregular today , following the regularization over the centuries of such verbs as help , laugh , reach , walk , and work .
Lieberman and Michel 's group computed the " half - lives " of the surviving irregular verbs to predict how long they will take to regularize .
The most common ones , such as " be " and " think , " have such long half - lives ( 38,800 years and 14,400 years , respectively ) that they will effectively never become regular .
Irregular verbs with lower frequencies of use -- such as " shrive " and " smite , " with half - lives of 300 and 700 years , respectively -- are much more likely to succumb to regularization .
Lieberman , Michel , and their co-authors project that the next word to regularize will likely be " wed . "
" Now may be your last chance to be a ' newly wed ' , " they quip in the Nature paper .
" The married couples of the future can only hope for ' wedded ' bliss . "
Extant irregular verbs represent the vestiges of long - abandoned rules of conjugation ; new verbs entering English , such as " google , " are universally regular .
Although fewer than 3 percent of modern English verbs are irregular , this number includes the 10 most common verbs : be , have , do , go , say , can , will , see , take , and get .
Lieberman , Michel , and colleagues expect that some 15 of the 98 modern irregular verbs they studied -- although likely none of these top 10 -- will regularize in the next 500 years .
The group 's Nature paper makes a quantitative , astonishingly precise description of something linguists have suspected for a long time :
The most frequently used irregular verbs are repeated so often that they are unlikely to ever go extinct .
" Irregular verbs are fossils that reveal how linguistic rules , and perhaps social rules , are born and die , " Michel says .
" If you apply the right mathematical structure to your data , you find that the math also organizes your thinking about the entire process , " says Lieberman , whose unorthodox projects as a graduate student have ranged from genomics to bioastronautics .
" The data has n't changed , but suddenly you 're able to make powerful predictions about the future . "
###
Lieberman and Michel 's co-authors on the Nature paper are Nowak , professor of mathematics and of biology at Harvard and director of the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics , and Harvard undergraduates Joe Jackson and Tina Tang .
Their work was sponsored by the John Templeton Foundation , the National Science Foundation , and the National Institutes of Health .
http://tiki.is.os-omicron.org/tiki.cgi?c=v&p=gcc%A4%CE%B3%C8%C4%A5%B5%A1%C7%BD
今日、gcc 拡張で 3項演算子
x ? x : y
の最初の返値を省略して
x ? : y
と書けることを知った。
つまり、ruby で
v = x || y || z
と書くところを、C でも
v = x ? : y ? : z ;
こんな感じに書けるわけだ。これはいい。
この書き方だと、x や y が一度しか評価されないので、マクロを書くときに便利だと思う。
It was business as usual for Wal - Mart last Tuesday for a superstore opening in Peru , Ill. , which is to say the mood was of righteous self - assuredness .
A marching band played " The Star - Spangled Banner , " store manager Mitch Lippert whipped up his troops ( " Who 's fired up ! " ) , and Rev. Oscar Shepherd of Christ Family Foursquare Church sought the Almighty 's blessing " as we interact with each other in the marketplace . "
You 'd never know Wal - Mart Stores Inc. was in a heap of trouble .
The company 's growth rate has slowed to a crawl , overtaken by rivals once thought to be no match for the " beast of Bentonville . "
Average annual profit growth lags that of Target Corp. , Costco Wholesale Corp. and other competitors .
Wal - Mart 's repeated efforts to push upscale merchandise have ended in tears .
Expansion at home is still thwarted by hundreds of U.S. communities ; and several forays abroad are struggling or have been scrapped .
The stock price is down 32 per cent since the turn of the century , when CEO Lee Scott took the reins , while the Morgan Stanley retail index has soared 180 per cent .
If Wal - Mart was n't 40 - per-cent controlled by the heirs of founder Sam Walton , an " activist investor " like Carl Icahn or Kirk Kerkorian would be calling for Scott 's head and the spin - off of Sam's Club , an also - ran to Costco .
As it is , many on Wall Street are convinced Scott will be out of a job come next year if he can't show some progress over the next six months in breathing new life into the world 's largest retailer .
He is n't given much hope of doing so .
" [ This ] is the end of the age of Wal - Mart , " Richard Hastings of U.S. retail ratings agency Bernard Sands told Business Week in April .
" The glory days are over . "
At 45 , Wal - Mart is showing its age .
With sales of $ 345 billion ( all figures U.S. ) last year at 6,779 stores in 13 countries employing a total of 1.9 million people , Wal - Mart still has the clout to dictate pricing and package design to giant suppliers like Procter & Gamble , Campbell Soup Co. and Dell Inc. , which rely on Wal - Mart 's 3,443 U.S. stores and thousands more abroad as one of their biggest , if not their largest , distribution channels .
But last year , Wal - Mart eked out same - store sales growth , at outlets open at least a year , of just 1.9 per cent , a mighty comedown from the routine double - digit increases of the 1990s .
Scott has responded with top - level management shuffles , an overdue store - remodeling campaign , and a renewed determination to crack foreign markets .
Yet Scott has not been able to budge the needle .
Last week , Wal - Mart reported anemic same - store sales growth of 1.9 per cent for July , the kick - off of the important back - to - school season , trailing the industry average of 2.6 per cent .
Wal - Mart blames financial pressure on shoppers from high fuel prices and a weak housing market .
Yet those factors did n't hobble Target , which posted a same - store sales gain of 6.1 per cent , Costco ( up 7 per cent ) or J.C. Penney Co. ( up 10.8 per cent ) .
Probably more ink has been spilled on Wal - Mart 's phenomenal success than any firm save Microsoft Corp .
But the firm turns out to be a one - trick pony .
It 's a discounter that thrives on selling high volumes of low - margin goods at knock - down prices in small - town monopoly or near - monopoly markets .
As it has tried to move into higher - margin apparel and other goods , and expand into large urban markets in the U.S. Northeast , upper Midwest and the West Coast , and into Europe and Asia , far from its U.S. flyover territory origins , Wal - Mart has run into every kind of trouble imaginable .
Wal - Mart 's vaunted logistics prowess , the advantage for which it is most feared , is no longer able to keep the fastest - moving inventory reliably in stock .
Discriminating shoppers in its newest , urban markets are accustomed to higher standards of quality , selection and customer service than Wal - Mart has ever had to offer .
And the firm , as it tries to retain its profitability of old , has shown a curious response to that challenge , recently capping wage increases for clerks who already are underpaid , scarce and lacking in product knowledge .
Many Wal - Mart outlets remain an aesthetic dead zone .
The company 's belated store - remodeling efforts have been half - hearted , even though an alarming internal Wal - Mart survey in late 2005 found that one - quarter of the company 's U.S. stores fall short of minimal standards in everything from adequate lighting , prompt check - out time and even cleanliness – standards few Wal - Mart observers would describe as especially high in the first place .
Foreign expansion has borne scarcely more encouraging news than the home front .
Fifteen years after first venturing outside the United States , Wal - Mart garners only 22 per cent of its total sales abroad , and a far smaller percentage of profits .
And most of that business comes from Canada and Mexico .
Those few Wall Street analysts who anticipate a Wal - Mart renaissance pin their hopes on international growth .
But Wal - Mart last year quit Germany and South Korea , and has made little headway in other giant markets including China and India .
In Japan , the company has lost money five years running .
At home , meanwhile , Wal - Mart is caught in a squeeze between " cheap - chic " merchants like Target , H&M and Zara , whose higher - income clientele it has not been able to lure ; and the proliferation of " dollar stores " and convenience marts nibbling away at its core customer base of 42 million lower - income shoppers .
Wal - Mart has trouble holding on to executives initially touted as architects of a coming transformation .
Senior marketing executive Julie Roehm was fired in December , accused by Wal - Mart of an improper romantic involvement with a subordinate , taking gifts from suppliers and misusing her expense account .
Roehm disputes the allegations , claims her famously conservative employer resisted her fashion - forward sensibilities , and has accused Scott and other top Wal - Mart executives of indulging in the same practices of which the company accuses her .
And last month , Claire Watts , head of apparel merchandising , abruptly quit after Wal - Mart appeared to be scaling back its upscale - product strategy .
A more fundamental problem is Wal - Mart 's paucity of high - level merchants .
Scott , 58 , a Wal - Mart lifer , came up through the company 's logistics and trucking ranks .
( Wal - Mart owns the U.S. 's second - largest private trucking fleet . )
And Eduardo Castro - Wright , who has so far failed to impress in his mandate to fix the core U.S. operations he has headed since 2005 , is a veteran of tobacco giant RJR - Nabisco and defence contractor Honeywell International Inc .
Wal - Mart seems to be its own worst enemy in public relations .
Already the target of class - action lawsuits from employees claiming to have been locked inside stores after closing time to perform extra work without pay , and the biggest sexual discrimination class - action suit in U.S. history , Wal - Mart 's Threat Research and Assessment Group – set up to curb " shrinkage , " or employee theft , and pro-union sentiments among employees – was found to have spied on company critics including consultants , irate shareholders , financial reporters and even members of the company 's own board .
In May , Human Rights Watch , better known for raising alarms about civil - rights abuses in repressive regimes , accused Wal - Mart of violating labour laws .
In fairness , Wal - Mart is confronted with the daunting law of large numbers .
It has to grow by $ 35 billion this year just to post a respectable growth rate of 10 per cent , which means finding new revenues equal to the total sales of Walt Disney Co. or Intel Corp .
The keys to a Wal - Mart revival include adjusting to local customs abroad – Germans were put off by its overly familiar greeters – and wringing more profits from its core operations at home .
It 's actually good news that Wal - Mart 's 800 best - run stores boast sales growth 10 times higher than its 800 worst - run outlets – a shocking revelation the firm made a year and a half ago .
And it 's good news that Wal - Mart has bungled in so many different ways this decade – in rushing into upscale merchandising without realizing you do n't roll out an ad campaign until the advertised goods are in the stores ; and that failing to rehabilitate shabby stores is an expensive bargain .
Good news , because those are fixable issues that offer significant growth prospects .
But the long - term dilemma for Wal - Mart remains that its reputational damage runs so deep that any reclamation project will come too late .
In a damning 2006 report for Wal - Mart by the firm 's former ad agency , based on interviews with scores of customers , rival merchants with superior product selection and customer service were identified as the preferred choice over Wal - Mart in dozens of categories , including apparel , electronics , prescriptions , home décor and even groceries , where Wal - Mart is the U.S. market leader .
" Shop there if you must " seems to be Wal - Mart 's unofficial tag line .
If Wal - Mart is not to go the way of General Motors Corp. , Sears , Roebuck or Xerox Corp. , whose long success bred an arrogance that blinded them to changes in the market and doomed them to fail at reinventing themselves , the company will need a top - to - bottom cultural makeover that rejects shoddy stores , outlets understaffed by poorly paid employees with little product knowledge , and a consistent drive to somehow upgrade its merchandise without alienating its base of low - income consumers .
It 's a tall order that may require divine intervention .
It might help if Rev. Shepherd remembers the beleaguered Wal - Mart CEO in his prayers .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The No. 2 U.S. commander in Iraq accused Iran on Sunday of stepping up support for anti-American Shi’ite militants in Iraq as U.S. policymakers await a crucial assessment of the violence - torn country .
Major General Ray Odierno briefs journalists about the electoral process of the Salah ad Din provincial elections in Tikrit , about 110 miles ( 180 kilometres ) north - west of Baghdad September 15 , 2003 .
Odierno , the No. 2 U.S. commander in Iraq , accused Iran on Sunday of stepping up support for anti-American Shi'ite militants in Iraq as U.S. policymakers await a crucial assessment of the violence - torn country .
REUTERS / Arko Datta
Lt. Gen. Ray Odierno said Iraqi
Shi’ite groups have received more weapons , ammunition , funding and training from Iran in the past two months , while President George W. Bush ’s “ surge ” strategy to quell violence in Baghdad has taken effect .
“ It ’s clear to me that over the past 30 to 60 days they have increased their support , ” Odierno said on CNN ’s “ Late Edition . ”
“ They do it from providing weapons , ammunition -- specifically mortars and explosively formed projectiles , ” he said in a video link from Iraq .
“ They are providing monetary support to some groups and they are conducting training within Iran of Iraqi extremists to come back here and fight the United States , ” he added .
Iran denies meddling in Iraq and says the U.S. invasion in 2003 is the cause of sectarian strife .
But U.S. military officials have long accused Iran of supplying deadly roadside bombs to anti-U.S. militants .
U.S. intelligence agencies said in a declassified report last week that Iran has been intensifying its lethal support for select groups of Iraqi Shi’ite militants since January .
The report predicted the support would continue over the next year because of Tehran ’s concerns about a Sunni reemergence in Iraq and U.S. efforts to limit Iranian influence .
In an interview with Reuters earlier this month , Odierno said he believed Iran was using its support for Shi’ite militants to influence the debate in Washington over whether to begin withdrawing troops from Iraq .
U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker and top U.S. commander in Iraq Gen. David Petraeus are due next month to issue a report on military and political progress in Iraq that could determine the course of U.S. policy .
Hattori
Uncompromising belief in every detail of the knife - making process !
The 80 years old Grand Master , Ichiro Hattori is still devoting his energy and passion to create beautiful masterpieces .
He is now 80 years old .
His knife making career has started at the age of 18 , when he joined his farther 's kitchen knife factory " Masahiro " in Seki .
In 1971 , he has opened his own workshop and started producing his own brand high quality kitchen knives and hunting knives .
The " Hattori " brand knives have quickly gained great reputations from the end - users both in domestic and overseas for the finest workmanship .
In the final finishing work , he gives his special care to check every detail , blade grinding and polishing flows , warping , angles and handle shaping , fitting etc etc ....
Every knife that does not meet with his strict quality standard , is returned to be reworked from the beginning or thrown away .
His " Never Compromise " attitude to seek the finest workmanship has made him called as " World 's Best Knife Craftsman " .
He was also honored to receive " Excellent Skilled Craftsman Award " from Seki Knife Industrial Association .
When you hold his knife in hand and actually use it , you will know and admit that he really deserve it .
We would like everyone to experience his fine work , but his production is very limited due to the time consuming hand works .
Factory Report !!
When I visited Hattori to pick up some Hattori - Forum FH Series Santoku knives , Mr. Ichiro Hattori was working on hand contouring Hattori FH knife handles , so I took some pictures at work .
He told me this is one of the most time consuming process in the Forums production .
He pays special attentions to grind each side symmetrically .
Each time he grinds a little by little with different sizes and angles wheels , he holds it and grinds repeatedly to ensure the most comfortable grip .
While watching this long process , I felt his insistence to every detail and realized this is why his knife differs from others and the production is very limited with longer leadtime .
His same insistence goes to the blade finishing too .
He showed me 3 different grits buffing belts which he uses to finish the blade surface ( he called it " Shira - Togi " finish ) .
This is only a few steps I saw in hundreds of the manufacturing steps to complete and deliver your Forums knives .
When I had more chance to see other steps in future , I will report it 's exciting moment again .
There were so many important factors explaining his special approach and attention in his knife making process .
One of the very important steps he emphasized was the blade adjustment to perfect alignment and straightness .
Any warping blade prevents to cut straight and affects to cutting performance , so you need to pay attention when selecting and purchasing knives .
Hammering the blade for straitening the blade .
Now he is making the Hattori FH Knife .
The blade warping can happen after the processes of heat treatment , grinding and hand waterwheel whetstone sharpening , so Master Hattori does this hammering adjustments 3 times after each process .
This process requires the craftsman ’s experienced skill and technique .
Master Hattori is 80 years old now .
You will always see a sophisticated beauty and perfection on this knives .
These are the result of his long knife making experience and his ultimate insistence to make the best knives .
NASA ’s Cassini spacecraft has now mapped out 60 percent of Titan ’s north pole region , and it ’s looking downright aquatic .
At least 14 % of the region revealed by Cassini is covered in what look like liquid hydrocarbon lakes .
Take a look at the photo associated with this story , see the dark black regions ?
Those are lakes .
But not lakes like we see them here on Earth .
The new images were mapped out by Cassini ’s radar instruments , which can detect the smoothness of the surface of Titan .
Extremely smooth sections are thought to be a liquid , while the bumpier regions are solid ground .
The largest sea discovered so far has a surface area of 100,000 square kilometres ( 40,000 square miles ) , bigger than Lake Superior here on Earth .
Planetary scientists think the seas are filled with liquid ethane , methane and dissolved nitrogen .
So far , more than 400 separate bodies of liquid have been discovered .
Original Source : NASA / JPL / SSI News Release
Although Steve Jobs is expected to unveil new iMacs Tuesday , I hope he does what the rumormongers are suggesting and refreshes the stale .
Mac web services , which have the dubious distinction of being Apple 's most hated product .
When Jobs rolled out Apple 's .
Mac service in 2002 , it seemed like a great idea .
For $ 50 a year , subscribers got modern IMAP e-mail , homepage hosting with easy uploading of photos and video , and a syncing service that shared contacts , calendars and bookmarks between several computers .
Since then the price has risen to $ 100 a year , and Apple has added limited backup capabilities , free online Mac tutorials and Photocasting of pictures stored in iPhoto , among other features .
Trouble is , while .
Mac was serviceable in 2002 , the web has moved on in the five years hence , and .
Mac has not .
To be fair , some .
Mac services work well enough .
Syncing , backup and the iDisk are well integrated with the desktop .
The best thing is e-mail , which is very reliable and dead easy to use ( and is the reason I personally keep paying for a family subscription ) .
But the remaining services are hopelessly outdated or underdeveloped .
Take iCards , online greeting and anniversary cards that are a badge of shame for anyone who sends them ,
The biggest problem is storage space .
Apple offers a paltry 1 GB ( up from 512 MB ) with the basic plan – barely enough to accommodate a couple of active e-mail accounts .
It 's nowhere near enough to back up important data or move files between computers using the net .
Apple does a lot of things well , but web services is n't one of them .
Dozens of rival services out there better .
Mac 's offerings on features or price , and often both .
Who uses .
Mac for blogging ?
No one .
Who bypasses Flickr to host their pictures on .
Mac homepages ( except my mother ) ?
I have my fingers crossed in the hope that Jobs will hand the .
Mac keys over to a few Google executives .
This will never happen , but here 's a few tips Apple could learn from Google :
1. Make Mail more like Gmail , offering several gigabytes of free e-mail storage .
Google already offers 1 GB of Gmail storage for free ; Apple should offer at least 100 GB for $ 100 a year .
2. Make iDisk similar to GDrive , Google 's unlimited online storage service that is supposedly coming any day now .
The .
Mac GDrive would n't have to be unlimited , but it could be big enough to back up all your files , not just your personal data .
And how about offering iTunes - library syncing over the net , and a virtual copy of your entire home folder , making it accessible from anywhere , even the iPhone ?
3. Allow iCal calendars to be edited online through the browser , like you can with Google Calendars .
4. Jobs should insist his buddy Eric Schmidt update Google Documents to support Safari so that online Word and Excel files can be edited on the iPhone .
Currently Google Docs allows online spreadsheets and Word documents to be opened but not edited .
Fingers crossed .
- - -
Leander Kahney is managing editor at Wired News and the author of the Cult of Mac blog and two books about technology culture , The Cult of Mac and The Cult of IPod .
Move over fiber : Cable TV modems may soon leave you in the dust .
That ’s right — optical fiber - to - the - home service had previously offered the fastest available connection for residential Internet .
The best - known example is the FiOS service from Verizon Communications , which peaks at 50 megabits per second .
But the cable industry has recently taken the wraps off new cable modem technology that exceeds the FiOS speed by a factor of more than three .
Called the Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification ( DOCSIS ) 3.0 , it allows data throughput of as much as 160 megabits .
“ The technology lets you bind together cable channels and then run data over those combined channels — you do n’t need more wires , ” said Mike Schwartz , spokesman for Cable Television Laboratories ( Cablelabs ) , which defines operational specifications for hardware used in the cable TV industry , assuring interoperability .
Each digital channel can provide a bandwidth of 40 megabits , so binding them together provides multiples of that throughput , he said — although the user will have to sacrifice several program channels .
With four channels consumed by Internet bandwidth , the user will get 160 megabits downstream ( from the Internet ) and 120 megabits upstream ( to the Internet ) .
“ Cable systems are looking at their ability to deliver high data speeds , and are putting channels aside to assure that kind of throughput when the market requires it , ” Schwartz told LiveScience .
The DOCSIS 3.0 modems will work only on digital networks , and only after appropriate “ head - end ” transmission systems have also been added .
Schwartz estimated that DOCSIS 3.0 modems would start appearing on the market early next year , although the carriers would also need DOCSIS 3.0 transmission gear , and none has yet been submitted to Cablelabs yet for interoperability testing .
But Schwartz said there is plenty of time for that .
As implied by the name , these modems represent the third generation of the DOCSIS standard for digital cable TV networks .
Version 1.0 offered 10 megabits , and version 2.0 offered a maximum of 40 megabits , Schwartz said .
The first operational DOCSIS 3.0 modems were shown recently at an industrial convention in Las Vega by Comcast Corp. , and one was reportedly was used to transmit a copy of the 2007 Encyclopedia Britannica , plus a Merriam - Webster ’s dictionary , in less than four minutes .
The cost of the modems , it was announced , would be similar to that of current modems .
But fiber will probably not lie down and die , since the technology offers the potential for enormously higher speeds in the future .
The speed of a fiber connection is determined by the speed of the electronics at either end , since the capacity of the fiber itself has been found by researchers at Bell Labs to be an astronomical 100 terabits .
That ’s 100 trillion bits per second , or 666,667 times faster than a DOCSIS 3.0 modem .
Schwartz estimated that the maximum capacity of a cable modem line is ultimately about 5 gigabits .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Greg Palast Offers Job to Tasered Journalism Student "
( 133 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 9/20/2007 @ 3:18 pm PT ...
U.F. P.D. a.k.a. F.U. P.D. ( - ; . . .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... None said on 9/20/2007 @ 3:56 pm PT ...
He 's no election activist .
First of all he clearly was n't interested in hearing any of Kerry 's answers .
Secondly , this kind of stunt does more to marginalize real valid concerns over election theft as wild - eyed people shouting about Skull and Bones .
Are stunts and YT videos that last refuge we have because no one in the media will listen to facts ?
I 'm also mad that the 10 second soundbite clip is misleading and makes it appear he was being arrested for mentioning blowjobs and skull&bones .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 9/20/2007 @ 4:14 pm PT ...
NONE - if you watch the video that shows his entire commentary and 3 question you will see that he talks about 1:30 minutes .
He calmly thanks Kerry for coming and then is repeatedly interrupted by the female cop standing behind him to whom he relies " thank you " .
BTW is can't see any line that he supposedly barged - just him , the mic and bunch of authoritarians .
After each interruption he get progressively adjitated .
He states that he has three questions then is assaulted by the cops before he could finish the third question .
Then he goes ballistic .
I for one can't blame him - I 'd have done the same .
I 'm glad I was n't there as I 'd have attacked the cops in his defense and be in jail right now .
He 's an activist .
Show me an activist that does n't act up in a way that get attention and I 'll show you a completely ineffective activist .
It 's not a crime - at least it did n't used to be .
People that think the cops were justified or that this kid did anything to initiate this kind of treatment make me sick .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/20/2007 @ 4:16 pm PT ...
NONE - The videos that The BRAD BLOG posted , show the entire question (s ) asked by Meyer .
If you have n't seen that part of the video , blame Fox " News " , CNN and MSNBC ( and toss WaPo in there for good measure ) .
Not us .
Or Meyer .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... veritas said on 9/20/2007 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
Kudos to Meyer for being courageous and maintaining his right to free speech even with 4 goons flanking him as he attempted to do so .
The obvious " set - up " by the police to entrap him and then arrest him was appalling to witness .
Clearly , these goons will be given an early retirment , if not each sued personally for violation of his civil rights .
But Kerry just sitting there and witnessing it all and doing nothing is rather upsetting and curious .
He claims not to have seen it but , come on .... I know that auditorium and he had to have seen it - everyone else did , for goodness sakes .
Equally as important as this obvious violation of Meyer 's civil rights was the omission by Fox News to even air the questions because they open several cans of worms on this administration .
1 ) The stolen election of 2004 and the allusion to Palast 's book whose research indicates that it definitely was .
2 ) The hackable and obviously hacked electronic voting machine problem which still has yet to be dealt with by this administration of smoke & mirrors .
Of course , they love it :
They were the ones doing it !
3 ) The impeachment of George W. Bush - which 70 % of americans now feel should occur and is not happening .
4 ) The drumbeat of lies to foster enthusiasm for a war with Iran .
In his allotted time , which was not very much , Andrew Meyer did more for this democracy than anyone in Congress to date has done .
He 's done more for this democracy in that brief span of time to illustrate just how far down the rabbit hole we 've gone as a nation and the fact that it must be stopped right now if this democracy is to survive .
I say - bring on more of the courageous young people like Andrew Meyer !
Obviously , the elders have blown it and ruined their country ; it 's time for them to awaken , unite , and admonish the rest of us for the crimes we are committing by NOT standing up to these constitutional violations occurring every day .
Kudos Meyer !
Good luck in your new position - no one deserves more than you do !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... cleo said on 9/20/2007 @ 4:43 pm PT ...
Well , the police are thugs who assaulted this young man - it 's hardly surprising they would then lie about it saying Meyer was inciting a riot , when the audience was virtually ignoring him , or wishing his 30 or 60 seconds in front of the mic was up already .
After all , Bush , America 's great leader is responsible for the deaths of approximately 1.2 million Iraqis ( latest report ) and displacement of another 4 million Iraqis who have fled their country in the face of unlivable circumstances .
Bush also lies about it ( everything ) - what a leader !
Bush now says America is doing just great economically .
Right !!!
When the pres can break the law constantly and get away with it , why can't the police and anyone else who believes they have Bush 's approval and protection also break the law and get away with it ???
It 's follow the leader , children ...
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... cleo said on 9/20/2007 @ 5:02 pm PT ...
To support my above point , over at Huffington Post , Bush is on video saying he got a " B " in Economics 101 - the college transcript says he got a " C - " ( C minus ) .
Now he needs to bribe someone at the college to change his transcript .
It 's so hard , so much work , being pres .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... cleo said on 9/20/2007 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
Over at Crooks and Liars website ( scroll down ) , there 's a story about a father ( whose soldier son died in Iraq ) who was beaten up ( after a peace rally speech ) by the " Gathering of Eagles " pro-war group .
Do n't worry , the pro-war group are in Bush 's camp , so they wo n't be subjected to the law .
And probably O'Reilly will call the father a " wimp " , or some such other nasty insult - and Americans just shrug it off .
Who cares in America ?
Just follow the leader ... he can do whatever harm he wants and get away with , and so can his supporters ... so there !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Stafford Patterson III said on 9/20/2007 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
I am a huge conservative and what I saw was a man who was emotional about his question and he tried to inform the audience of what he was setting up to ask Kerry .
When he finished the video clearly shows the moderator give the cops the " single " to escort him out after which Kerry says , " Let me answer his question " .
Then Meyer freaked out by why the hell he was I being asked to leave , fights for his rights of free assembly that was being taken from him .
He was being escorted out yet not arrested at the time and later charged with resisting arrest .
When did the actually you are under arrest take place for him to be resisting arrest ?
Reminds me of when Lincoln suspended habeous corpus to arrest demonstrators without providing cause or reason .
Regardless of his motives he did nothing wrong to be hauled out of there by superior authority of I 'm a cop and you have to do what I say period .
I 've watched the videos at least 30 times and all I saw was the enescapeble truth of all charges being dropped and a 1st ammendment lawsuit .
To the police , next time confiscate all recording devices and you will not have to worry about just using your word to describe what happened to a judge .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 8:40 pm PT ...
You 've been fooled Brad !
Here 's the REAL story on Mr. Meyer !
Link - http://www.starbanner.co...18007/1053/BREAKING_NEWS
Police report student told them : ' You did n't do anything wrong '
5:52 p.m. , Sept. 18 , 2007 Police have released the incident report detailing the Tasering of a University of Florida student during a campus forum with Sen.
John Kerry Monday , and the officer who actually Tasered Andrew Meyer wrote in the report that Meyer later told police , [ b ]
" You did n't do anything wrong . " [ /b ]
In the 12 - page report , which gives accounts of the incident from the perspective of eight different officers who were present Monday afternoon , [ b ]
Officer Nicole Mallo writes that Meyer would only resist officers when cameras were present .
" As ( Meyer ) was escorted down stairs ( at the University Auditorium ) with no cameras in sight , he remained quiet , but once the cameras made their way down stairs he started screaming and yelling again , " Mallo wrote .
Mallo was one of two officers who actually rode in the vehicle as Meyer was escorted to the Alachua County jail , and she said said he told them during the ride : " I am not mad at you guys , you did n't do anything wrong , you were just trying to do your job , " according to Mallo 's account .
Mallo also wrote in her report that he asked , at one point , if cameras would be present at the jail .
/b]
The report details the events leading up to Meyer 's arrest , saying that Meyer was in line to ask a question of Sen .
Kerry when it was decided that no more questions would be allowed .
Meyer continued down the aisle toward Sen .
Kerry angrily , according to police , [ b ] saying he wanted the senator to answer his question because he had been waiting for two hours . [ / b ]
Though Sen. Kerry directed that Meyer be allowed to ask his question , police reported that Meyer did not ask any specific question and instead " badgered " the senator , and at one point said something about President Clinton being impeached over a sexual act .
At that point , [ b ] police reported that ACCENT Director Max Tyroler turned off Meyer 's microphone and asked police to escort him out of the auditorium , saying , " He had said enough , " according to Officer Mallo 's report . [ /b ]
Officers then proceeded to attempt to remove Meyer from the room , but when he resisted , they placed him on the ground and tried to handcuff him .
The six officers who actually took part in holding Meyer down while he was being handcuffed reported that they were only able to get a handcuff [ b ] on his right hand because he was squirming so much . [ / b ]
The supervising officer , Sgt. Eddie King , attempted to Taser Meyer on his chest , but he reported that his Taser would not deploy .
He then instructed Mallo to Taser Meyer , and she Tasered him on his shoulder , according to one of the officer 's report .
The officers were then able to fully handcuff Meyer and escort him from the building .
Each of the six officers reported that Meyer yelled things like , " They 're going to kill me , " and , " They are giving me to the government , " while he was being taken from the room .
-- Alice Wallace / The Gainesville Sun
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 8:44 pm PT ...
Here is a report where Meyer laughed on his way to jail .
I can't believe people are buying his crap .
Link - http://apnews1.iwon.com/.../20070918/D8RO5SR81.html
Just before Monday 's scuffle started , Meyer asked a woman to tape his exchange with Kerry .
One officer said the woman was " there to film him " and that Meyer asked , " Are you taping this ?
Do you have this ?
You ready ? " before beginning his question .
Another officer said the 22 - year - old woman said she was in line to ask a question ahead of Meyer when she was asked to tape , but she did not know him .
An officer , however , said in the police report that Meyer 's " demeanor completely changed once the cameras were not in sight " and that he was " laughing " and " lighthearted " on the way to jail .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... DerekLarsson said on 9/20/2007 @ 8:51 pm PT ...
Good comments all , ( except from that moron who goes by : " NONE " ) .
Andrew Meyer just asked three questions here .
Three questions that the U.S. New Media will never ask .
Three questions that the U.S. Congress will never ask .
Three questions that John Kerry will never ask or answer honestly for himself .
Three questions that reflect the true " State of the Union " far more than any speech given by either George Bush or Hillary Clinton .
Andrew Meyer is an intelligent and informed citizen who knows that these questions need to be asked and confronted publically .
The awful truth was revealed in Meyer 's attempt to speak out - that The United States is not in any shape , way , or form a society that cares one damn about liberty and human rights anymore .
We are so far removed away from the U.S. Constitution today that if we were to sit down and read it now it would seem as some kind of weird , radical , fringe , utopian document crafted by some drugged - out hippy from his college dorm in the 1960s .
It is a slippery slope we 're on when it is treated as a Crime ( subject to arrest ) to ask long overdue questions during a Q&A proceeding .
Thanks Andrew Meyer for not staying quiet and for caring about the truth .
We need more students and more people just like him .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
The crime was n't that he was subject to arrest .
The crime was disrrupting the forum of which he had burst into the theathre room demanding to speak to Kerry like he had some sort of authority .
Go and read this - http://supreme.justia.co...us/515/819/case.html#829
This is a law saying that a forum like this has every right to remove someone if they are not staying on topic of the forum whether the event is public or private .
We do n't need more students like him .
Are you aware he 's a known prankster ?
He one time defaced a 9/11 memorial on campus .
He also LAUGHED on his way to jail and asked if cameras were going to be there .
He 's nothing more than a punk who 's finally got his karma .
And just because someone did n't write their name does n't mean their comments are n't valid whatever they are .
That makes you a hypocrite .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
Oh and about the Constitution it applies to the government .
Not to the people .
It 's a set of legal and binding rules that the GOVERNMENT has to follow .
So let me ask you Derek something : if someone came to your house and started making a fuss and running around and basically acting like they were five when they 're really over twenty what would you do ?
Would you tell them to leave ?
If they did n't what would you do then ?
If you answer that you 'd call the cops on them than you'd be a hypocrite and , according to you , you 'd be taking away their first amendment right to do and say whatever they want .
Can you yell " fire ! " in a theatre ?
Why not ?
It 's public property after all .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... DerekLarsson said on 9/20/2007 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
{ ED NOTE : First line removed .
No personal attacks on other commenters , Derek .
Normally I 'd remove the entire post because of it , but as Emily has posted quite a few items , which ought to be replied to , and the rest of your comments avoid personal attacks , I 'll leave the rest .
But please watch it next time , or I 'll have to remove the entire comment .
Thank you .
- BF} Stop your phony propganda .
Meyer did not " burst into the theatre " or any such other false cartoonish exaggerations you may wish to invent .
It was an open mic setup for the students students who were in attendence at the lecture - as Meyer himself had been .
Furthermore it was a Q&A session in which students were supposed to ask questions directed to Sen.
John Kerry .
He even began his questioning by first complimenting John Kerry respectfully as a ( uneccessary ) polite courtesy !
Meyer committed no crime here .
He asked three questions .
There was absolutely no reason on earth to arrest him .
And , his questions were very relevant and very much " on-topic " .
The questions were about the integrity of the 2004 elections , possible War with Iran and using Impeachment as way to prevent it , and Kerry 's past relationship to an unbecoming organization .
What question did you want him to ask , John Kerry 's favorite color ?
Those questions are on - topic .
And , I can see by your comments that you have never read The Constitution or The Bill of Rights .
Human beings have the right to speak freely and this in fact was an open mic and a public assembly where questions were in fact sought by the guest speaker Sen.
John Kerry .
The Police had no right to arrest this man .
He had a right to stand there in front of an open mic and ask questions during the Q&A forum .
Anyone who thinks otherwise needs to go live in Uzbekistan and stay there .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 9:52 pm PT ...
Oh I see .
So the studnets who were actually there and reported on the incident have a reason to lie about it .
Right .
Uh huh .
Were you there Derek ?
Did you witness the whole event or just the five minute video which he only wanted you to see ?
You did n't see the whole thing funny that is eh ?
Students who were there in the room reported that .
And he also BROKE THE LINE all so he could rant to Kerry .
Kerry is a former prosecutor who has taken on the CIA and won , Iran / Contra , closed BCCI and dealt with the mob .
I think he knows a little something about court rooms over a twenty - one year old college student who is n't even studying law .
Meyer did committ a crime .
The police report said , and they told him when he asked , it was inciting a riot .
He 's a KNOWN PRANKSTER who has done this crap before .
He once defaced a 9/11 memorial that UF students made all because of his personal views of 9/11 ( that Bush did it himself ) .
Derek I 'm studying law .
I have the Constitution memorized .
I 'm even related to one of the founding fathers .
I quoted a link to you to go and read a law that states the people who did the forum had every right according to the law to remove him when he got off topic .
This was NOT an open mic forum .
As a law student I can say that for fact .
And no where did I attack you Derek so how childish of you to do so to me .
Grow up and get a criminal justice book please .
Meyer is a known prankster and he 's punk'd you good .
He must be looking to take over Ashton Kutcher 's show .
He even has a website where he 's bragged about other pranks and harassing people .
I just though everyone deserved to know the truth about Meyer and that he is probably laughing at all of you and his fifteen minute fame .
Go and read the police reports yourself Derek .
He should be majoring in theatre instead of journalism .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 9:59 pm PT ...
Also on what Meyer said about Kerry and Ohio 2004 let 's say Kerry did have some type of evidence .
Kerry would have his lawyers petition to the judge for a hearing .
Let 's say the judge actually lets them have it .
They then would go to a prilimary hearing which is where a JURY would hear and see the evidence and THE JURY would decide if any of it was any good .
Let 's say they did .
Than Kerry and his lawyers would go onto the real trial with A NEW JURY who they will present their evidence to and debate over it whether them vs Ken Blackwell or Diebold or both .
Than THE JURY would decide ( as stated in the Constituion with the fifth / sixth amendments ) guilty or innocent .
Kerry has said that since there was no whistleblower that made it even more difficult .
With " Skull and Bones " who cares ?
We do n't really know anything about this group and they are a private group and have their fourth amendment right .
You talk about the Constiution applying for Meyer but than turn around and want to break Kerry 's fourth amendment right .
He still has it you know for his personal life especially before public service .
If you have a problem with what the officers did than you need to take it up with the court room .
Their job is to follow the law to the book and to keep the social and civil order .
If you do n't like how they 're doing it go and change / challenge the law .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/20/2007 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
I also wanted to add this was n't a public assembly since you had to have a ticket to get in .
Most on school events have you have a ticket whether with an actual ticket or your school ID .
My school sometimes has a lot of free events ( like movies and whatnot ) and even with those we still have to use our school ID picture to show that we 're students there .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 9/20/2007 @ 10:50 pm PT ...
Emily - I 'm not in a position to argue many of your points but you definitely go overboard in excusing Kerry regarding his actions after the 2004 election .
You propose an improbable courtroom scenario by which Kerry would challenge the results of the Ohio presidential election and point out how difficult that scenario would be , especially in the absence of a whistleblower .
The FACT is , there were other important ways in which Kerry could have contributed to challenging the 2004 election results .
Kerry did not even join in the effort to get a recount of the vote in Ohio , a challenge that was funded by a grassroots effort by the Green and Libertarian Parties who had to raise the funds in a short period of time while Kerry sat by holding onto millions of dollars that were raised and not spent during his 2004 presidential run .
Guess he had something more important than our democracy to spend that money on !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... tep said on 9/20/2007 @ 11:01 pm PT ...
Emily ,
So what if he is a known prankster ?
His questions were valid ( though the S&B stuff was a bit unnecessary ) .
Police took him for inciting riot , not for talking out of turn or whatever .
He was simply asking too tough questions .
What he might or might not have said in a police car after could well be interpreted as a selfprotection trying to soften these irrational officers who had just used a lethal weapon on him in broad daylight , he was probably scared for his life .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:47 am PT ...
I believe that Andrew Meyer has done a great service in bringing attention to the treasonous sabotage of American democracy by extremist fascists , attacks that the corrupt antitrust - law - hating media conglomerates have utterly failed to report .
In appreciation of Andrew Meyer 's having the backbone lacking in mainstream journalists ( aka corporate whores ) , who have utterly failed American democracy ( and again shirked their integrity by not properly reporting on the substance of Andrew Meyer 's questions ) , I have put up a blog ( very basic ) to thank him :
http://thankyouandrewmey.../2007/09/19/hello-world/
By the way , I noticed that Andrew Meyer 's blog does n't link to bradblog , but links to other news reports :
http://theandrewmeyer.com/
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Angry Vet said on 9/21/2007 @ 3:39 am PT ...
Did anybody directly mention that this young man is a journalism student ?
I read this once .
http://blogs.usatoday.co.../09/cops-taser-stud.html
I read above that Mr. Palast offered Mr. Meyer an internship .
This intimates that he is involved in journalism .
It is not , however a direct statement of the fact .
For me , a journalist ( whether a practicing journalist or an individual who is still studying as a student ) who has the ability to ask searing questions within a framework of a supine , indolent , biased media , creates a remarkable and necessary foil .
It highlights the aforementioned bias of our current media .
As almost everyone on this page knows , European media is quite different from our own .
Stories are aired overseas that never seen here .
To make my point ( if necessary ) please ask 100 people about Katherine Gunn .
I would be surprised if 5 people could give an accurate answer ( she was a British Government employee who leaked information that the United States was spying on the United Nations - regarding the vote to authorize the US to invade Iraq ) .
Getting back to Mr. Meyer : I do n't know the character of the man .
Nor will I speculate as to who he is .
He may well be a publicity hound .
He may also be a very decent man .
He may be a young man , about to enter his profession , already fed up with a corrupted media .
He may just be a trouble maker .
Simply , I do not know .
But to all those critical of Mr. Meyer , please remember that this country was started by trouble makers .
Also remember the name John Peter Zenger .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... cleo said on 9/21/2007 @ 4:32 am PT ...
Meyer is probably laughing because he has it all on tape .
Hope he sues the bastards .
Also hope he has not been damaged in any way by the taser .
He fortunately appears to be a large fellow , and was less afraid of standing up and speaking out , which is an unhospitable gesture towards fascism .
He has a right to be angry with the American government .
And he has the right to verbally express his anger .
While he can be asked to leave a venue , having six men jump on him ( try and breathe with that weight on you ) ( luckily he kept squirming - anyone would to relieve pain on the muscles and joints due to pressure being deliberately applied by the knees , legs , arms and weight of the six bastards for the purpose of hurting ) and then taser you , because they do n't want to hear you , is assault .
Hope he sues and wins .
He has proved what he and everyone has been reading for years .
The Bush administration and his supporting government ( including John Kerry ) will only tolerate the presence of silent , acquiescent sheep .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... jay said on 9/21/2007 @ 4:43 am PT ...
I just think he cares about America so much .
I wish the media would concentrate on why Kerry is n't starting impeachment .
If a student or a casino gambler was later proven to have been cheating the affected party would n't just say , " oh well " .
They would take their $ back or give him an F .
Kerry should have yelled at the cops to get their hands off of that kid .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Wayne Turner said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:50 am PT ...
For Andrew Meyers ' detractors : it is a common technique in the right - wing media to turn everything about a person with whom they disagree into a personal referendum .
You can attack Meyer all day long .
For the sake of argument , lets even suppose he 's a megalomanaical whack job .
But anything you say about Meyer personally , pro or con , misses the point entirely , which is that the legitimate questions exist about the 2004 ( and 2000 and 2002 ) elections , and they are n't being publicly answered .
The media and much of the public is unable or unwilling to come to grips with the fact that our government has been taken over by criminals of the worst stripe .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:30 am PT ...
Tep :
This has NOTHING to do with his free speech .
He was already causing problems which is WHY THEY WERE ALREADY WATCHING HIM !
This was nothing more than a prank .
The fact he was laughing at you on the way to jail should tell you enough .
The fact he burst into the theatre and demanded to speak to Kerry like he had some sort of authority is crap .
He has NO authority since he's not in charge and he did n't deserve even one minute if the event coordinators did n't want him to have it .
This is all about HIS ACTIONS NOT HIS WORDS .
Go read the police report yourself .
He was laughing all the way to the jail and wanted to know IF CAMERAS wanted to be there .
( Caps are for emphasis not yelling so please do n't think I 'm yelling at you )
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:36 am PT ...
Steve -
You 're wrong again .
Kerry supported the Green 's in their petition .
Once the electoral college certified the election it 's over .
Nothing he could do there except try to stop the voting machine 's and help people get their votes WHICH IS WHAT HE'S BEEN DOING SINCE !
He 's worked with Barbara Boxer and Hillary Clinton on voting issues since the whole ordeal happened .
Funny how you do n't mention that eh ?
And as I 've said Kerry 's taken on the CIA and won ( the drug smuggling in the 80s ) so if he can take on the CIA he could take on Diebold and / or Ken Blackwell if he had the abilities to do so .
You 're missing the fact Steve that a lot of the stuff with the election came out AFTER the electoral college already voted Bush the winner .
The Constitution states it's them who decide the final outcome etc .
See my example of Andrew Jackson .
He thought the election was stolen from him and once the votes were counted and casted as they were done back than he could n't change the outcome and he just started campaigning more .
Same thing with Richard Nixon vs John Kennedy .
Nixon thought he won and even did a private investigation but once the ec voted that was it .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:39 am PT ...
You 're comparing Andrew Meyer to the founding fathers ?
To one of my many great uncles ?
Give me a break !
He is NOTHING compared to them and especially my many great uncle !
Kerry has taken on the biggest mob of them all : the CIA .
If he can WIN against THEM than he could win this case if he had anything .
I love how people who do n't know law and are n't even law students are proclaiming this guy had his first amendment right taken away and is some kind of martyr .
Go read the law I posted about how they had every right to remove a trouble maker .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:41 am PT ...
Cleo-
He 's laughing at you BECAUSE IT WAS A PRANK !
He had this planned and is a known prankster .
He 's defaced a 9/11 memorial before at UF .
I 'd rather believe the students who were there than some stupid five minute video that does n't show you the whole thing .
Oh and Cleo how come he was only being a drama queen when the camera 's were around ?
LOL .
Face it you guys have been punk'd .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:44 am PT ...
Jay - Kerry can't start impeachment .
Once again someone who has no clue about law talking to someone who is a lawyer about law .
LOL !
Kerry can't start impeachment why ?
IT STARTS IN THE HOUSE !
If you want impeachment start to Steny Hoyer or Nancy Pelosi .
Kerry is in the Senate which is where impeachment DOES NOT start .
C'mon people .
Constitution 101 .
Even if you just go and read it you can see that .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:47 am PT ...
Wayne -
Oh so now you 're calling me a rightwinger .
How nice of you .
I 'm actually a socialist so now you 're doing the same thing you 're accusing me of doing .
What a hypocrite .
You 're also missing the point .
This was NOT a free speech issue and two that he is a known prankster and this was a prank .
Why else would he laugh on his way to jail ?
Did you read the report I posted ?
Obviously not .
Go read it .
Maybe than you 'll see for yourself that you 've been punk'd by the new Ashton Kutcher .
Once again from the AP link : Just before Monday 's scuffle started , Meyer asked a woman to tape his exchange with Kerry .
One officer said the woman was " there to film him " and that Meyer asked , " Are you taping this ?
Do you have this ?
You ready ? " before beginning his question .
Another officer said the 22 - year - old woman said she was in line to ask a question ahead of Meyer when she was asked to tape , but she did not know him .
An officer , however , said in the police report that Meyer 's " demeanor completely changed once the cameras were not in sight " and that he was " laughing " and " lighthearted " on the way to jail .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:50 am PT ...
Oh and to all you talking about his rights etc. what about the free speech rights of the students who he broke in line in front of ?
I guess you do n't care about their first rights right ?
Oh and since Mr. Meyer can do anything he wants apparently and not have to follow the laws / rules like everyone else than you have no right to go around and stop Bush from his wiretapping .
If Mr. Meyer can get away with the law so can everybody else .
So either one person follows the rules like everyone else or nobody has to follow the rules .
And please do n't compare Meyer to my many great uncle .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 9/21/2007 @ 7:54 am PT ...
Sorry Emily but you are blind as a bat and dead wrong .
YOU are the one misconstruing the facts here , all that anyone needs to understand is that he simply asked 3 relevant questions of which the media flatly refuse to ask and for exercising his right to do so he was assaulted by 6 rent a fascist and tasered for no damn reason .
Its that simple .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... bvac said on 9/21/2007 @ 8:42 am PT ...
Wow .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... patginsd said on 9/21/2007 @ 9:40 am PT ...
Wow .
Emily - take a valium
PLEASE .
You are WRONG .
Until and unless the young man was threatening or disrupting , no one had the legal right to remove him or place a hand on him .
That he was animated and emotional does not make him dangerous .
That his questions were inconvenient to some , does not excuse the actions of the police .
He was disrupting nothing .
It was his turn .
He was asking important questions of which he wanted to tape the answers - nothing strange there .
He was polite towards Kerry at all times during his alloted 2 minutes .
Had the police not laid a hand on him , Kerry would have answered the questions - or not - and since it was time for the assembly to end , it would have ended .
The bottom lines is -
This is NOT the land of the free any more .
Everyone needs to resist the gestapo tactics .
Everyone needs to confront the corporate machine with the truth .
Everyone needs to defend their fellow citizens .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Peacedog said on 9/21/2007 @ 10:22 am PT ...
So Emily , which slave owner was your " great " uncle ?
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:02 am PT ...
Emily , you say Meyer said " You did n't do anything wrong " ... so that means the police did n't do anything wrong ???
Because Meyer said that ???
That makes no sense !!!
It is irrelevant to whether his free speech rights were broken !!!
" Saying " something is n't evidence , if his freedom of speech rights were violated .
Furthermore , you keep quoting Mallo 's police report .
Ever think she 's " saying " something that 's not true , in the report ?
Is that unbelievable , that a police report would be biased towards the police ?
I think the VIDEO TAPE is WHAT HAPPENED !
You 're quoting what Meyer said , and what the police report said .
I 'm looking at the VIDEO !!!
I see a 21 - year - old college student , ON HIS OWN CAMPUS , being tasered because an OUT OF TOWN POLITICIAN came to THIS STUDENT'S CAMPUS , and he was harrassed while asking legitimate questions .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:04 am PT ...
The student grew angrier and angrier at being harrassed , as I would have .
They had no right to get physical to a student on his own campus , who posed NO THREAT to anyone .
And THEN , after they had him on the ground and under control ( which was n't right anyway ) , THEY TASERED HIM WHEN HE WAS FULLY ON THE GROUND UNDER THEIR CONTROL !
And here 's my running question to anyone against the 21 year old college kid : EMILY , MAY I TASER YOU ???
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... DerekLarsson said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:24 am PT ...
" Emily " wrote :
> " Meyer did committ a crime .
The police report said , and they told him when he asked , it was inciting a riot . "
Total nonsense .
1 . The Police report is , of course , biased and false - as the video evidence of those same events clearly prove .
2 . There was no riot at all .
Meyer simply asked three questions at the mic .
That ai n't any " riot " whatsoever .
Now , you might possibly accuse Meyer of hogging the mic a little too long - but big deal .
That happens all the time at Q&A forums .
That is not tantamount to either a RIOT or tantamount to a crime of any kind , shape , or form .
Never before has anyone been criminally arrested for hogging the mic .
Furthermore , the questions he asked were important , serious , and substantive questions and deserved to be raised , thus , a little bit of extended time was both harmless and warranted .
3 . The great disruption to the Q&A session began only once the Police gestapo moved in to manhandle Meyer ( quite unnecessarily ) .
Had the police done nothing at all , Senator Kerry would have then been to answer and address the questions raised and everything would have resumed on from that point normally .
That is what should have happened here .
Instead the Police incited the whole great disruption by arresting a student simply for asking questions and then torturing him with a taser gun right in front of the confused and shocked assembly .
There was no crime .
None , nada , zip , zero .
Meyer was rightly laughing afterward because he is probably intelligent enough to know his Constitutional rights and he probably is planning a lawsuit against these fascist goons that arrested him .
Meyer will win that case , and the you and those goons will lose .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:31 am PT ...
The pile of evidence is mounting against all of the authoritarians and fascists in America .
A foreigner could say without hesitation that WE ARE ALL GUILTY .
I refuse to believe that .
There are many in America who are trying to defend the Constitution and all of our Civil Rights .
In fact , the fight is going on constantly and the numbers who are getting loud and even violent is growing .
The case in Jena Louisiana is another one .
Was it his screaming in pain which was ' enciting to riot ' ?
When more Americans feel the pain there will be a similar reaction and the Republicans have been warned , " Keep it up and you will also feel the pain come election day .
Renounce Bush in the loudest terms and you might be spared . "
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:34 am PT ...
So let 's ignore the fact he jump the line and was even harassing the cops before hand .
Oh boy he 's got you guys so good !
He laughed at you all the way to the jail wondering if cameras were going to be there .
As I said he should be a theatre major instead of journalism .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:36 am PT ...
I 'm not wrong .
He did break the forum rules and disrrupted when HE BROKE THE LINE !
Even the woman who filmed him was a head of him in line and he broke in front of her .
THAT is dissrupting the forum and their rules .
So wrong .
Try again though .
I love how you guys are sticking up for someone who laughed at you and is probably still laughing at you .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:43 am PT ...
This was a private forum of which you had to have a ticket for .
I even quoted A FREAKIN LAW that stated the forum organizers could remove anyone they wanted .
So answer me this : if he thought his first amendment rights were so violated why did he laugh on his way to jail ?
Why did he say to the officers they did nothing wrong ?
Why was he only a drama queen when the cameras were around ?
I think it 's a shame how even people on the left praise soldiers who are trained to kill but show such disrespect for an officer who is trained to protect society as a whole .
What if this wild guy had a gun ?
Students who were there have reported they were fucking scared of him .
Oh and if Meyer thought that his rights were so violated why is n't he suing the people in charge of the event ?
Hmm I have n't heard a peep out of lawsuits have you ?
Nope .
He 's got you so good !
LOL .
Oh and how dare you peacedog insult my great ancster .
If it was n't for him you would n't even fucking be here right now .
You'd be wherever your ancesters came from oh and for the record that person is Benjamin Franklin .
You owe him a lot so if you disrespect him you 're disrepecting me and I 've done NOTHING to you all except tell you the truth about Meyer .
That he is a prankster and this is a prank and he 's punk'd you good .
Do n't want to believe me ?
Fine .
Do n't want to believe officers who are supposed to protect you and risk their lives for you every day ?
Fine .
Funny how the only time officers have ever been praised by people is on 9/11 and than it's back to dissing them and the obvious dangerous job they have even as campus security .
Disgusting .
You all should be ashamed of yourselves .
This is n't the bloody 60's and this is n't Kent State .
He got a fucking shock .
Whoopie .
And what about the students who 's freedom of speech HE violated ?
I guess THEY do n't matter to you all .
Just this one punk who thinks he 's above the law .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:50 am PT ...
1 ) The video is a whole five minutes long !
Yeah let 's see if you can get a lot from an event from a video that only shows you five minutes .
Uh huh .
Anyone who holds this up in court over a police report is a boob and I would n't want them as my lawyer .
2 ) The riot was n't when he was preaching to Kerry .
It was when he was running around and hooping and hollaring saying " they 're going to kill me ! "
Funny how when the cameras were n't around him his demanor totally changed .
You can even see that in the five minute video when he 's downstairs at the door .
When he does n't see the camera around he 's calm and fine and than when he notices the person with the camera is there again is when he starts hooping and hollaring and when other people are around as well .
A girl enters the building and he tries to get her to testify for him .
Yeah let 's get someone to testify who has no fucking clue what 's going on .
3 ) No hun if he listened to the female officer when she said to get to the question ( which the previous one was supposed to be THE LAST ONE ) he brushed her off and acted like he was some authority figure and deserved anything .
He deserved crap .
The crime , as the officers even told him , was inciting a riot which IS a misdemanor in FLORIDA LAW .
I suggest you do your research hun before you say no law was committed .
Why else do you think he got out so easily ?
Because it was a misdemanor .
It 's probably still on his record since it is against Florida law .
As I 've pointed out before funny how Meyer has n't sued anybody has he ?
Nope .
Funny how he told the officers that they were just doing their jobs and now he 's trying to get them fired .
He 's got you all punk'd .
He 's the new Ashton Kutcher .
And as I 've said his " inciting a riot " was when he started hooping and hollaring when the officers just touched him barely .
Please watch the video .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:54 am PT ...
Let 's hear from someone who was actually there where as so far none of you have said they were .
Were any of you defending Meyer there ?
No ?
So unless you were there you 're going by a five minute video .
Even the damn officers were there ( doy ) .
So here is an account from someone who was there : http://www.facebook.com/...943984636&topic=3518
" If you want to hear it from someone that was there :
The disturbance did not begin with Andrew asking the question .
He caused quite a scene by bursting into the room in the middle of Q+A , rudely interrupting Kerry answering another question ( what was supposed to be the last one ) , and demanding to be heard .
The cops followed him in ( I have the feeling he had been giving them a hard time outside as well )
John Kerry responded by asking him to calm down and wait his turn , that his question would be answered next .
As some of the videos show , his question was long and rambling without much focus , less of a question if you will than an outburst .
John Kerry remained calm , tried to guide him to the direct question he would like answered , but Andrew continued .
After Accent cut his mike off , the cops tried to guide him out and as you can all see the real event began .
I was sitting in the back row of the auditorium - less than 5 feet from where he was restrained and ended up being tasered .
( you can see my green shirt next to my friend in the striped shirt on most of the videos )
He WAS NOT handcuffed yet when they did it .
He was still attempting to get up and resist the police officers and would not put his hands behind his back .
Within close range , I have to say that I did n't feel it was the safest situation .
I did not feel like they had him under control at all - and was scared that if he did manage to get up - he would have started getting riled up again .
I personally was in a location that if he had started flailing around again - I would have been at risk .
Now - my opinion - I think Andrew had intentions to be disruptive and was not going to leave peacefully .
I am by no means a proponent of violence , but the way the UPD handled this situation was completely appropriate . "
- Stephanie Sims , former UF College Democrats PresidentReply to Ted
Send Message
Report Ted
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:56 am PT ...
Oh and before some of you start calling me name 's and accusing me of being a rightwinger fascists I 'm actually a socialists .
I 'm just studying law and am a conformist .
If Meyer can do whatever the hell he wants and ignore rules / laws than why do you fight Bush on his shit ?
Same thing just different scenerio .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Peacedog said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
So Emily , please tell us about your great uncle and what he would have said about this .
And if anyone was punked here , it was the University of Florida ( who will probably have to pay a sizable settlement to Mr. Meyer ) , John Kerry ( for looking aloof yet again ) and those cops who were suspended .
You suggest that knowledge of Meyer 's character is relevant to the debate about the use of force in a public forum .
Last time I checked , the Bill of Rights does n't make such distictions .
You are missing the point of civil rights entirely by suggesting that Meyer 's motivations should have anything to do with his right to speak without being wrestled to the ground and shocked with a cattle prod .
If Meyer 's intent was to get the cops to violate his civil rights then he succeeded and they were indeed punked .
As much as you or others might not like what he had to say ( as evidenced by your tangential ramblings about Kerry 's handling of the 2004 election results ) or how he said it , Meyer 's did not commit a crime and will not be prosecuted for one .
Side bets anyone ?
You also seem to confuse rules with laws and think that speaking out of turn equates to a crime .
Even if police force was justified ( and it was n't in my opinion ) there was no reason to use a cattle prod ( let 's call a " taser " what it really is and stop making it sound all cute and fluffy . )
If those 6 cops could n't restrain him , they need to find new careers .
By the way , there are lots of us laughing at you and your twisted logic today , Emily .
And again , which slave owner was your " great " unlce ?
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:21 pm PT ...
I already told you hun which person my ancster is .
I guess you can't read .
You 're obviously trying to be insulting to him to insult me and that 's just really pathetic .
You can go and read my other posts as well .
Were you there peacedog ?
No ?
Majority of the people who were there at the event said it was jusitifed .
What if during all his running around and hollering he hurt someone ?
What if that someone was a pregnant woman ?
How would that make you feel ?
And again I already told you a law that stated the forum had every right to remove him .
Have you read it yet peacedog ?
Obviously not .
And the point of bringing up his character is to show you that this was another prank and you 've been punk'd .
He incited a riot with his hooping and hollering and other people yelling after him and that in Florida is a misdemanor .
Laughing ?
I do n't care if you 're laughing at me or not .
I 'm posting the truth and that 's all that matters .
You can face it or not .
The only person here who is laughing is Andrew Meyer at you .
So pathetic .
The unviersity is government property and this was a private forum .
Go and read the first hand account .
Of course I know you probably wo n't since you like the idea of this being the 60's and comparing this to Kent state .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
Oh and peacedog since you claim to like peace what about the other students there in the line who he broke in front of ?
You have n't addressed that yet .
What about THEIR first amendment right he took away ?
I 'll be waiting to hear your excuse for that .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
Oh and another thing peacedog : I do n't care what he had to say .
It was his actions that lead to the whole thing .
Did you watch the video ?
If he did n't act like a holier than thou authoritive jerk than he would n've had no problems .
He pushed away ( not literally ) a female officer and ignored her and the male officer .
He acted like he deserved anything .
The people in charge of the event paid for Kerry to be there .
Not him .
If they wanted to make him stop his ranting than they had every right according to the law that I quoted earlier .
If you do n't like that than challenge the law in court .
And why peacedog has n't Meyer sued those in charge of the event and / or the officers ?
Interesting , no ?
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Peacedog said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:30 pm PT ...
Sorry I missed your naming of your " supposed " ancestor Ben Franklin , Emily .
But then again , can anyone blame me for missing one name in your walls of text ?
And you accused Meyer of " rambling " !
LOL !
Better watch out for those tasers !
But I 'm real sorry I missed Ben 's name because that makes the irony here even more delicious .
Do you seriously think Ben Franklin would condone what the campus police did to Mr. Meyer .
If you do , then your great uncle should be rolling in his grave and you should signup for some U.S. history classes asap .
p.s. I 'm laughing even harder now ...
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
Oh hun .
If only you could know the truth about this whole thing .
I find it quite sad that we 're all here debating about some stupid punk who 's known for pranks like this when nobody is really talking about the Jena 6 or Reverend Lennox Yearwood who were really beaten up by police and the court system .
Instead it 's all about this stupid guy who laughed on his way to jail and was a total drama queen for the cameras and is known for this sort of thing .
And Franklin was for the law .
Did you peacedog even read the first hand account from someone who was there ?
Probably not since you 're so busy being blissful of your ignorance .
I feel sorry for you I really do .
But if you 'd rather go by a five fucking minute video than people who were there than that just shows how depressing our society is and how fascinated we are with Youtube and the like .
It makes me sad it really does .
When someone does real journalism and gets to the truth you all would rather go by the five minute Youtube video than the truth .
It 's really sad .
No wonder this society is fucked up .
The last time I can really ever remember anyone praising the police was on 9/11/01 .
One day out of 200 something years .
Sometimes I wonder why people even want to be officers when majority of the society cares more about soldiers who are trained to kill than officers who are trained to protect .
It 's just sad .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
Oh and honey please do n't tell me what classes to do .
You 're a hypocrite and nothing else .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:10 pm PT ...
Emily - " I 'm just studying law and am a conformist . "
That says all I need to know about Emily .
She would have been a Whig , a good German , a happy slave in another life .
She would perhaps make a good CIA interrogator .
Gonzales said torture is legal therefore it is OK .
This is the kind of person we all may have to fight in the future if Bush institutes martial law and more facisist policies .
Get to know her - it might be useful some day .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:12 pm PT ...
I do n't need your insults Onyx .
You never know : I might be the one to protect you one day .
What about the ACLU Onyx ?
They 're doing the same thing I plan on doing ....
Being a public defender .
Thanks though for pretending to know me and anything about me .
Oh and do you even know what a conformist is ?
If you do n't it means someone who accepts societies goals and goes about doing them in the legal manner ( such as not stealing , drug dealing etc ) .
Get yourself a criminal justice book Onyx .
It might help you out .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Peacedog said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
Did you watch the video ?
If he did n't act like a holier than thou authoritive jerk than he would n've had no problems .
Undone by your own words , Emily ...
So according to you , acting like a jerk relieves you of your 1st and 4th amendment rights ?
Out of the thousands of words you 've typed about this today , that quote sums it all up quite nicely .
You said it yourself , if he would 've acted less authoritative or holy then it would n't have been necessary for the police to intervene .
Interesting ...
I 've ignored your silly questions about my credibility because my credibility is n't what is important here .
But , yes , I 've watched 3 different videos ( different angles from others at the event ) read first - hand accounts ( and there are more than one ) and reached my own conclusions .
But even if I had been there , you would still think I 'm wrong and you 're right .
The difference is , I would always support your right to say your wrongheaded B.S. no matter how holy or authoritative you might act ( and there are a ton of examples of both in this thread . ) p.s.
Do n't make so many assumptions in a debate ...
Just because my handle contains the word " Peace " does n't mean I do n't thoroughly enjoy confrontations or conflict .
And thanks for the laughs ... especially the analogy to Kent State ... that 's the first I 've heard that one .
LOL .
Yea , I guess your idea of civil rights must involve innocent students gunned down to qualify for outrage .
I hear Ben rolling around some more ( and your GPA dropping ; )
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
Onyx
I 'm actually a socialist so you 're totally wrong again .
Thanks though for pretending to know anything about me .
Seems to me people have already forgotten Virginia Tech sadly .
No wonder Bush feels it necessary to remind people of 9/11 all the time ( even if it 's for the wrong reason 's ) .
So have you done anything about the Jena 6 Onyx ?
I 've signed a bunch of petitions a long time ago while you 're worried about some stupid punk ass Kutcher wannabe .
Loser .
Oh and also a conformist means that if you do n't like a law ( which is what the officers were practicing ) than instead of doing like Mr. Meyer and breaking the laws and being an anarchist you actually challenge the law where it 's appropriate : court .
Why else do you think I 'm becoming a lawyer and wanting to be a public defender ?
But thanks though Onyx for pretending to know ANYTHING about me when I 've not done that to any of you .
You should at least show me the same respect .
But than again you 're okay with getting Bush for breaking the law but oh God forbid when someone you agree with does it .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
Ca n't you people refrain from insulting people personally ?
I guess this is what Brad 's blog has come to now .
People insulting each other for no reason 's at all .
How sad .
All I wanted to do was to show the truth about Meyer and how it was a prank and how he laughed on his way to jail about the whole event and his demanor changed and now this is how you treat people all because they have other information that you do n't about the event and even quoted people who were there .
No wonder I 'm not a liberal anymore ( that and I 'm ideologically more to the left anyways ) .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:23 pm PT ...
Yep , signed the same Jena 6 petitions and I 'm a card carrying member of the ACLU and Amnesty International , and I 'm not a socialist - what ever different that makes ?!?
Good bye !
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:23 pm PT ...
All you guys have done is insulting me for posting a different opinion .
That makes you hypocrites .
HYPOCRITES !
I 'm sad to see this is how Brad 's blog is now days .
Hun I 've used the Kent State analogy because people have already been using that on other forums I 'm on who are liberals comparing this guy to the people at Kent state and I'm ( in case you missed it ) pointing out how it 's WRONG .
I do n't need anyone 's abuse for posting an opinion when I 've not ONCE insulted you except to call you out on your hypocriasy .
I 've never onced talked about your education or lack there of and I never onced called you name 's or assumed things about you .
Thank God I 'm not a fucking liberal asshole .
I 'm doing law and if you do n't like it too bad because that 's what I want to do and actually be a public defender and matter in society unlike some people who obviously have all day to sit on a website and insult other people 's education all because they disagree .
I 've atleast have backed up my arguments with laws and reports .
You 've done NOTHING of the sort except to go by a five minute fucking video .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:25 pm PT ...
Oh and peacedog I did n't say acting like a jerk gets your rights taken away .
I said BREAKING THE RULES DOES !
Why is Meyer 's allowed to break the law of Florida ?
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... bvac said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
I 'll say it again : Wow .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:29 pm PT ...
Hmm , I 'm related to Ben Franklin too , what a coincidence .
As far as Mr. Meyer is concerned , perhaps it was a planned event .
Perhaps it was to show how far the sheep mentally has taken hold .
For example , I was truly amazed how everyone just sat there silent , no one attempted to aid Meyers or for that matter , the police ( since they seemed to have such a difficult time getting him under control ) .
Another interesting point are the various angles and lengths of video clips of this event floating around the internet and online news sites .
Editing to show only what one wants to show can shape perspective .
Not to mention the various media outlines online , local and cable have differing degrees of angles and supporting facts , further illustrating how our media shape what we see , read and hear .
Then there 's the question of whether this student broke any laws , whether free speech was impinged upon , and whether the police used excessive force ?
All very important issues that relate to living in United States of America , a free society .
Perhaps it was a prank , but not in the way you are suggesting Emily .
Perhaps it was to bring to our attention the eroding of those freedoms your and my forefathers fought so bravely to establish .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:33 pm PT ...
Well said T.M.
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:38 pm PT ...
That 's interesting TM on you and Franklin .
Do you know how you 're related ?
I am through marriage through my great - grandmother .
The whole thing with the video can only give so much .
That 's why I decided to read more on the story and see if there 's anything out there and found the police report and also the article from AP and that star website which might be a local website .
And you also proved my point which is video's can be manipulated especially with all the different one 's out there .
People would rather go by actual video's than reports and that maybe there 's more to the story .
This Meyer guy has a website ( theandrewmeyer.com I believe ) where he brags about harassing some baseball player ( I do n't remember his name but he 's a junior ) and doing other pranks like this .
According to UF students I 've talked to he one time defaced a 9/11 memorial that UF students worked on for those who died on that day .
No matter what your feelings and beliefs of that day ( and I share a lot of the same beliefs as Meyer ) people did die and to me that 's just mean and cruel and should n't have any excuses .
Thank you TB for not insulting me and my intelligence because I have a different view and opinion on it and even backed my opinion up with reports and laws .
But do go and check out the police report .
If you do n't like how things are ran you change the law (s ) .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
Better than your insulting ways Onyx .
At least TM did more than you did and treated me as an equal and with some decency .
God forbid someone do that to another person who 's never even insulted you !
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:46 pm PT ...
I am unaware of the UF 9/11 memorial incident .
I have not come across any news accounts of that .
I can't agree with you more , Emily , when you say , if you do n't like the way things are ran , change the law .
However , it is my opinion this country has strayed so far from it 's original intent at its inception .
Politicians are bought and paid for by lobbies .
There seems to be a real public apathy to getting involved to make those changes .
Btw , I am also related thru marriage on my mother 's side of the family .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
Related to Abiah Folger to be exact .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
WE'RE ALL RELATED TO BENJAMIN FRANKLIN !
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 2:03 pm PT ...
You are probably right .
But then again sometimes I wonder .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... DerekLarsson said on 9/21/2007 @ 2:08 pm PT ...
Emily wrote :
> " Funny how when the cameras were n't around him his demanor totally changed . "
Emily , if 8 people surround you while you 're trying to ask a question , grab and pull at your arms , arrest you and handcuff you , throw you to down the floor , and then shoot you repeatedly with a taser gun , I 'm sure your own demeanor would be very , very different at that point then it would be either 20 minutes beforehand or 20 minutes afterward .
It 's called Police abuse .
I just hope that you get a chance to be arrested and tasered multiple times very soon yourself , since you like and applaude this type of lawless gestapo treachery so much .
Writing this garbage over and over again here is enough of a crime to justify it - by your own standards .
NOW STEP BACK FROM THE MIC !!!
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Onyx said on 9/21/2007 @ 2:21 pm PT ...
And the quotes below are n't insults ??
I think the pot is calling kettle black .
Anyways I appologies if I insulted you .
I was wrong - just my crude way of showing you that your attitude pissed me off .
_____
You 're a hypocrite and nothing else .
I 've never onced talked about your education or lack there of and I never onced called you name 's or assumed things about you .
Thank God I 'm not a fucking liberal asshole .
I 've signed a bunch of petitions a long time ago while you 're worried about some stupid punk ass Kutcher wannabe .
Loser .
Thanks though for pretending to know me and anything about me .
... Get yourself a criminal justice book Onyx .
It might help you out .
Oh and honey please do n't tell me what classes to do .
You 're a hypocrite and nothing else .
Oh hun .
If only you could know the truth about this whole thing .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Sherlock Holmes said on 9/21/2007 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
Emily , labelling yourself as a " socialist " is a dead giveaway .
Your strategy for covering your tracks is about as effective as an elephant trying to hide huge piles of dung by spitting on it .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 3:59 pm PT ...
Yes , Sherlock , Emily should get her own blog if she 's going to go on about this thing so long , irritating everybody to death , but I should also mention that commenters are supposed to pick ONE screen name and stick with it .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 9/21/2007 @ 4:20 pm PT ...
: o)
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Connie said on 9/21/2007 @ 4:44 pm PT ...
Emily ,
You deserve kudos for your valiant attempt to educate here , but you have to realize that those who typically post over here are Kerry haters --- pure and simple .
They do n't want to hear your reasoned and passionate arguments --- sadly .
They had already judged Kerry as one hundred percent wrong when they first came across the story .
Unfortunately nothing you say will move them in any other direction , they 're already sure they 've seen the light and Kerry 's just wrong --- as usual .
This is a great site in so many ways , especially Brad 's undying devotion to getting all the peoples ' votes counted fairly .
But any time you venture into Kerry territory , the place gets poisonous .
Thanks for all your brave attempts to bring in a legal student 's view .
You certainly expanded my understanding of the event .
I too think that Meyer 's game was just that , otherwise he would have asked Kerry his question , which Kerry was ready to answer , and let Kerry answer it .
Instead he staged all the theatrics for his own personal reasons .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
To Agent 99 - Please do n't insult me .
You 're just being a jerk and have nothing else to say .
You 're trying to insult me and my family by your cheap and immature shots .
Why do n't you go post about the Jena six rally ?
It 's sad there are more posts here about a white prankster guy than about REAL injustice with one part of our society that gets to the bigger picture about how our court system is n't justice .
One of the many reason's why I want to become a public defender .
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Oh and to all of you insulting me and my political affiliation is really immature and childish .
I 'm surprised Brad allows this crap on his blog .
I guess that 's what you get for telling the truth to a bunch of people who do n't want to hear it .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
Connie
You are dead wrong about the Kerry prejudgment !
If that had been Mother Teresa standing up there doing squat while someone was being accosted by the police , which it certainly would never have been , I 'd have reacted as violently against her .
All the people in that room , and especially the senator , should have brought that shit to an IMMEDIATE halt .
Unforgivable .
Inexcusable , no matter how many excuses people think up .
Period .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:15 pm PT ...
Emily I 'm with you on the disparity of coverage and reaction between Yearwood and this kid , but you 're being obnoxious , I can put your comments in the moderation queue and so mellow the hell out .
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:18 pm PT ...
Well , and I 'm looking into activating the taser function on this software !
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:18 pm PT ...
Do you want REAL police abuse Derek ?
Have you seen the video yet of Reverend Lennox Yearwood ?
No ?
Go watch it .
THAT is police brutality .
What about the first amendment rights of the students he broke in front of ?
I guess they should 've said " fuck the rules ! " and did what he did .
Ah he 's got you guys good and he got a job offer out of this .
Hey now I know how to get a job offer with a law firm !
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:20 pm PT ...
Oh I see Agent 99 .
So replying to people is now obnoxious .
So you 're doing the same thing .
Ah hypocriasy .
Do n't you dare reply to me or you 'll be obnoxious !
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:23 pm PT ...
To Tm- that 's very interesting about the marriage thing .
But yes a good number of UF students I 've talked to have all backed this up and said he did that .
Also there apparently is a memorial for an officer who died on the job saving people and someone defaced it with " do n't tase me bro " sometime earlier this week .
I heard about it I believe on Wednesday .
How disgusting .
Officers are supposed to follow the laws by the book .
If they do n't they can really screw up a whole investigation .
One thing I find very interesting about this whole thing is if Meyer thought he was done so wrong why is n't he suing anybody ?
The campus police ?
The people who ran the event ?
The school ?
I have n't heard a peep about it .
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:24 pm PT ...
Emily
If you persist in making " replies " that are antagonistic to other commenters , you will go on the moderation queue .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:30 pm PT ...
Oh so you mean like they 're doing to me and making cheap shots to me and my family and my intelligence ?
I guess those types of posts are allowed though .
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
They would n't be doing it if your position had any basis in rule of law and if you did not come back swinging , insulting and antagonizing further every ten minutes or so .
So , yes , you 're the perp here .
Just let it go .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:54 pm PT ...
Rule of law ?
I posted a link to a law that states that the people in charge of the forum had the right to remove someone whether it was this guy or anyone else .
I guess you did n't see it ?
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 5:59 pm PT ...
Oh and on " come back swinging " I guess I should just let them insult me , my intelligence and my family .
Nobody else is going to do it for me that much is clear .
And another thing : if someone replies to me I guess I should n't reply and be rude and let their comments go unanswered .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:01 pm PT ...
Emily
He has to be asked by them [ the people putting on the event ] to leave , and then refuse and / or become a violent aggressor before the cops can TOUCH him , no matter what you linked .
He was n't asked to leave .
He was not being violent .
Kerry even said he wanted to answer his questions .
The cops laid hands on him illegally , never even told him he was under arrest before they tasered him .
Pay attention .
And since you 've stated your position five or six hundred times already , you 're just sticking around to get in fights .
One more fight and it 's moderation queue .
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Mark said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
Why has my earlier post not been published ?
I worked hard on that .
Anyway , I feel the police tasered Andrew because they wanted to .
And I feel Emily is psychotic .
This is not an insult .
Have you noticed how much she writes !?
And have you noticed how she focuses on some small things and ignore the important points ?
I wonder if she knows she is being unreasonable .
Feel free to edit this if you deem necessary .
But , it 's important to print this .
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:20 pm PT ...
Emily , I have a 21 year old son at a college campus .
If this happened to him , and I heard about it , I probably would 've immediately left work , got in my car , and drove to Boston , and went BALLISTIC !!!
21 year old college students should n't get tasered on their campus asking questions ... PERIOD !!!
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:22 pm PT ...
You 'd recognize me on the news : the one being tasered with the " Big Dan " tee - shirt ...
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:24 pm PT ...
Mark I do n't know what happened to your comment .
You must have zigged when you should have zagged ... maybe got the code wrong and did n't notice before you left the page ?
Sorry .
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
Well , and Emily is probably going to take the " psychotic " part as an insult , so this is n't the best time to be mentioning your fears for her .
Please do not further goad her .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 7:03 pm PT ...
Emily , you may have spoke to many UF students who say Meyers defaced a 9/11 memorial , where is the proof ?
Was he arrested and charged with doing this crime ?
Did they say this after he was arrested this week at the Kerry function ?
Why are you so eager to believe what people say without proof ?
And , while you point to laws and other news articles to back up the points you are making , why has this defacing incident not come out in the media ?
Certainly if it is a known fact or at least suspicion Meyers committed thise act , the guy would have been if not questioned , charged with the crime .
And just because someone defaced a memorial with " do n't tase me bro " earlier in the week does not mean Meyers did it .
And to answer your question as to why Meyers has been so quiet , perhaps he 's planning his lawsuit , or perhaps it is as I said earlier .
Maybe he planned it ( demanding to be heard , asking important questions , in a very passionate manner ) in order to spark a reaction one way or the other .
As far as the officer 's reactions , not sure if he planned for it , but if anything , it did bring to our attention issues that as of late seem to becoming more and more common .
And sadly the sheep just complacently accept it .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 7:27 pm PT ...
You know , Meyers could do a very interesting research dissertation , or project / presentation on all that has transpired .
Has anyone thought just maybe this was an experiment to prove a point ?
Look at the discussions and arguments this whole incident has spurred .
Which is a good thing , I might add .
Important issues like free speech , the media ( bias , propoganda , sensationalization , not to mention desensitizing ) police brutality , lawsuits ( we do love to sue the pants of each other in this country ) etc .
Question is , are we just going to forget about this incident when the next big sensationalized news item hits the airwaves and internet ?
I 'd like to think not .
Instead citizens in this country need to do more than just talk about this , and do something about what 's actually going on in our country ?
It 's obious , our politicians are good at talking the talk and very bad at actually practicing what they preach .
This quote says it all : " A democracy cannot survive as a permanent form of government .
It can last only until its citizens discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury .
From that moment on , the majority ( who vote ) will vote for the candidates promising the greatest benefits from the public purse , with the result that a democracy will always collapse from loose fiscal policies , always followed by a dictatorship .
The average age of the world 's greatest democratic nations has been 200 years .
Each has been through the following sequence :
From bondage to spiritual faith , from faith to great courage , from courage to liberty , from liberty to abundance , from abundance to complacency , from complacency to selfishness , from selfishness to apathy , from apathy to dependency , and from dependency back again into bondage . "
-- Lord Macaulay ( 1857 ) Makes one wonder at what stage is the United States of America in ?
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
T.M. You gotta wonder ?
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/21/2007 @ 7:39 pm PT ...
Found this somewhere .
I can't remember where unfortunately , so I can't give credit where credit is due , but it essentially says the same thing just in a more descriptive way .
" The USA is a Constitutional Republic , with a constitution written SPECIFICALLY to keep the “ tyranny of democracy ” at bay .
Which is completely ignored and forgotten in the big bucks business of politics .
Democracy :
Two wolves and a sheep deciding what ’s for dinner .
Representative democracy :
When the flock elects a wolf to decide what ’s for dinner .
Federal Government :
The means by which the sheep will be fooled into voting for a Democracy .
Constitutional Republic :
Voting on dinner is expressly forbidden , and the sheep are armed .
Freedom :
Two very hungry wolves looking for dinner and finding a very well - informed and well - armed sheep ! "
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... cleo said on 9/21/2007 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment deleted .
Please , no name calling , no goading .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... cleo said on 9/21/2007 @ 8:32 pm PT ...
Dear Editor :
So taser me ... and f..off pathetic American
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
Yuh , we Americans are darn pathetic lately , have to agree with you there !
But , what , as a non-American , are you doing with so much to say about our Constitutional travails if you already think we 're so pathetic ?
Just slumming ?
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 9:29 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment deleted .
You were warned .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Yes , and almost all the comments on here are yours .
Comment deleted .
You were warned .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
The Pause of Mr. Claus
-- words and music by Arlo Guthrie
This next song we 're going to dedicate to a great American organization .
Tonight I 'd like to dedicate this to our boys in the FBI .
Well , wait a minute .
It 's hard to be an FBI man .
I mean , first
of all , being an FBI man , you have to be over 40 years old .
And the reason is that it takes at least 25 years with the
organization to be that much of a bastard .
It 's true .
You just
ca n't join , you know .
It needs an atmosphere where your
natural bastardness can grow and develop and take a
meaningful shape in today 's complex society .
But that 's not why I want to dedicate the song to the FBI .
I
mean , the job that they have to do is a drag .
I mean , they have
to follow people around , you know .
That 's part of their job .
Follow me around .
I 'm out on the highway and I 'm drivin ' down the road and I
run out of gasoline .
I pull over to the side of the road .
They
gotta pull over too - make believe that they ran out too , you know .
I go to get some gasoline .
They have to figure out whether
they should stick with the car or follow me .
Suppose I do n't
come back and they 're stayin ' with the car .
Or if I fly on the airplanes , I could fly half fare because I 'm 12
to 22 .
And they gotta pay the full fare .
But the thing is that
when you pay the full fare , you have to get on the airplane
first , so that they know how many seats are left over for the
half fare kids .
Right ?
And sometimes there are n't any seats
left over , and sometimes there are , but that does n't mean that
you have to go .
Suppose that he gets on and fills up the last seat , so you can't
get on .
Then he gets off then you can get on .
What 's he gonna
do ?
Well , it 's a drag for him .
But that 's not why I want to dedicate
the song to the FBI .
During these hard days and hard weeks , everybody always
has it bad once in a while .
You know , you have a bad time of
it , and you always have a friend who says " Hey man , you
ai n't got it that bad .
Look at that guy . "
And you at that
guy , and he 's got it worse than you .
And it makes you feel
better that there 's somebody that 's got it worse than you .
But think of the last guy .
For one minute , think of the last
guy .
Nobody 's got it worse than that guy .
Nobody in the
whole world .
That guy ... he's so alone in the world that he
does n't even have a street to lay in for a truck to run him over .
He 's out there with nothin ' .
Nothin's happenin ' for that cat .
And all that he has to do to create a little excitement in his
own life is to bum a dime from somewhere , call up the FBI .
Say " FBl ? " , they say " Yes " , say " I think Uncle Ho and Chair -
man Mao and their friends are comin ' over for dinner " ( click )
Hang up the phone .
And within two minutes , and not two minutes from when he
hangs up the phone , but two minutes from when he first put
the dime in , they got 30,000 feet of tape rollin ' ; files on tape ;
pictures , movies , dramas , actions on tape .
But then they send
out a half a million people all over the entire world , the globe ,
they find out all they can about this guy .
' Cause there 's a number of questions involved in the guy .
I
mean , if he was the last guy in the world , how'd he get a dime
to call the FBI ?
There are plenty of people that are n't the last
guys that can't get dimes .
He comes along and he gets a dime .
I mean , if he had to bum a dime to call the FBI , how was he
gonna serve dinner for all of those people ?
How could the
last guy make dinner for all those people .
And if he could
make dinner , and was gonna make dinner , then why did he
call the FBI ?
They find out all of those questions within two minutes .
And
that 's a great thing about America .
I mean , this is the only
country in the world ...l mean , well , it 's not the only country
in the world that could find stuff out in two minutes , but it 's
the only country in the world that would take two minutes
for that guy .
Other countries would say " Hey , he 's the last guy ... screw
him " , you know ?
But in America , there is no discrimination ,
and there is no hypocrisy , 'cause they 'll get anybody .
And that 's
a wonderful thing about America .
And that 's why tonight I 'd like to dedicate it to every FBI
man in the audience .
I know you can't say nothin ' , you know ,
you can't get up and say " Hi ! " cause then everybody knows
that you 're an FBI man and that 's a drag for you and your
friends .
They 're not really your friends , are they ?
I mean , so you can't
get up and say nothin ' ' cause otherwise , you gotta get sent
back to the factory and that 's a drag for you and it's an
expense for the government , and that 's a drag for you .
We 're gonna sing you this Christmas carol .
It 's for all you
bastards out there in the audience tonight .
It 's called " The
Pause of Mr. Claus " .
Why do you sit there so strange ?
Is it because you are beautiful ?
You must think you are deranged
Why do police guys beat on peace guys ?
You must think Santa Claus weird
He has long hair and a beard
Giving his presents for free
Why do police guys mess with peace guys ?
Let 's get Santa Claus ' cause ;
Santa Claus has a red suit
He 's a communist
And a beard , and long hair
Must be a pacifist
What 's in the pipe that he 's smoking ?
Mister Claus sneaks in your home at night .
He must be a dope fiend , to put you up tight
Why do police guys beat on peace guys ?
© 1968,1969 Appleseed Music Inc. ( ASCAP )
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... Emily said on 9/21/2007 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : I warned you a lot , and I tried to keep people from goading you .
Comment deleted .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/21/2007 @ 9:56 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... Ken Spruill said on 9/21/2007 @ 11:24 pm PT ...
" Any society that would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither and lose both . "
- Ben Franklin
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... David said on 9/22/2007 @ 10:35 am PT ...
The kid is a spoiled brat .
He was n't ever going to get to ask his question in the first place because time had ran out before it was his turn .
At that point he started making a whole scene about it and the police moved in and threatened to have him arrested for disturbing the event .
At that point Kerry jumped in and told them to let him ask his question .
By this time he has already caused trouble without ever asking a question and was only still there by the graces of Sen .
Kerry , whom he attacks in his questions ( this is the start of the video ) .
What the video does n't pick up well on is that after he said " blow job " , one of the event staff makes a signal to have his mic killed .
When the mic is killed Meyer starts screaming and yelling about it , at which point the police , already fed up with his antics grab him and try to take him away .
If he would have complied he probably would have been taken outside and have been sent away peacefully .
However he resisted at which point they took him down and tried to cuff him .
The succeeded in cuffing one hand but he was flailing and kicking and they could not cuff the other so they used a taser to stun the other hand so they could cuff it , which is perfectly legal given that he was violently ( kicking officers ) resisting arrest .
The video does a poor job of explaining what actually happened , and unless you were actually there you really do n't know what happened .
For one last bit of evidence , go watch the video and you 'll notice that when he gets arrested mid question all of the students are cheering because everyone is fed up with him and they all agreed that he was not behaving appropriately for the event between the use of profanity and his previous fit because there was n't enough time for him to ask a question ( because he is more special than all the other students waiting to ask a question ) .
this is not a free speech issue , its just a dumb kid trying to pull a publicity stunt who thought that resisting arrest and kicking cops could end happily .
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... Spunk McGee said on 9/22/2007 @ 11:17 am PT ...
Looks like some young people in the US are going to get more and more difficult to deal with .
Its about time .
If you see the tape , you can hear Kerry drone on and on about how he 's going to answer the question while being totally disconnected to the violence happening before his eyes .
This guy is too narcotic to be in a leadership position .
Meyer 's questions addressed this very point .
Why is Kerry such a lapdog and a sell - out ?
The cops reaction is typical Florida .
The big fat female one loves to show off for her male peers , who probably talk down to her constantly .
They probably all are losing their homes to foreclosure .
This is so actionable , the university should eat a big one , and these cops should get suspended .
There 's gonna be a lot of laughing at these authoritarians in the long run .
COMMENT # 111 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 11:18 am PT ...
It does not matter WHAT happened before the video started ; it does n't matter if he kicked any cops ; the cops broke the law .
IT UNEQUIVOCALLY IS A FREE SPEECH ISSUE .
It 's as though the fascists have spiked the water supply ....
COMMENT # 112 [ Permalink ]
... dkd said on 9/22/2007 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
kindda late in the thread ( maybe too late ? - been about three hrs.
since last post ) but I 'm going to throw in with Emily and David # 109 .
I 've watched only one of the meyer vids and IMO he was obnoxious , had no desire to have his questions answered , and was simply there to be heard .
If he broke no law , then we need one more law .
I 've certainly NOT read everything in this thread but did look for and not notice the name of our friend Joe Cannon of Cannonfire anywhere in the body of the thread .
I think Joe would side with Emily and David also .
Hang in there Em !
COMMENT # 113 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
Actually , dkd , even if he did break a law , which has by no means been shown , the police still are guilty .
They had no business laying hands on him until they had given him clear and lawful orders , and been ignored or attacked .
I defended cops for decades , and the only defense for these idiots would be temporary insanity .
Clearly , he'd not just murdered somebody , or even harmed anyone , because the cops would already have been approaching him before the cameras started rolling if that were the case .
So that LAME excuse for a defense is moot , and you maybe want to think through your ideas about a law against obnoxiousness .
COMMENT # 114 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/22/2007 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
Just what we need more laws !
The whole incident could have and should have been handled much differently .
Even if he did barge in and yell from the back to be heard , Senator Kerry acknowledged him .
He did n't have to .
Especially since it was at the very end of the program .
Had he raised such a stink before approaching the mic and the organizers thought him a problem , why did they not escort him out immediately .
Probably because he was not causing the kind of ruckus as some commentors have claimed .
So what that Meyer prefaced his questions in a very passionate manner ( some have said obnoxioius ) .
Is that against the law ?
And since it was the end of the program , if one did not want to listen , one could get up and walk out .
Instead people just sat there like boobs as things escalated .
It could very well have been that Meyer brought attention to himself before going to the mic by speaking up wanting to be heard and the officers were more on guard or should I say the organizers perhaps were weary of what he might have to say .
However , he did not break the law , he was not told at the moment the mic turned off that he was under arrest .
Seriously , had they turned the mic off , and without laying a hand on him , told him , time 's up and just stood there , what do you suppose Meyer would have done ?
He could have yelled the rest of his questions and raised a stink .
But as we all could hear , Senator Kerry began answering his question , albiet in the mist of the melee , which in my opinion was very bizarre and surreal if you ask me because I do believe Senator Kerry who seems to be a very eloquent speaker , could have handled , and perhaps , diffused the situation if only he had spoke up with more force .
COMMENT # 115 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
I just got done watching the horrifying videos again , and I 'm sorry , but they start with Kerry speaking , clearly finishing an answer to the questioner before Meyer .
If ANY hollering and obscenities to get to the mic were issued , they would have been on these videos , unless one is alleging that the kid started in before the question before his and then waited his turn .
And did anybody notice that the campus policewoman who made the report was :
... working an overtime function at the University Auditorium for Accent presents Senator John Kerry ... and
... the Accent Director , Max Tyroler , asked us to take him out of the auditorium and had his microphone turned off stating , " He had said enough . "
Officer Wise and I grabbed both of the man 's arms and asked him to come with us out of the auditorium to speak with us ...
See the police report .
Case closed .
COMMENT # 116 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/22/2007 @ 4:26 pm PT ...
Okay , here 's my question : why has no other video ( since apparently there were more people than just Meyer 's videoing the event ) , why has no video surfaced showing this supposed ouburst of Meyers before approaching the mic ?
Even if not on camera , at least being heard yelling obsenities and the such .
I would imagine if such a thing existed , it would perhaps change the scenario .
And I would question why security did not escort him out beforehand .
However , nothing has surfaced which leads me to question if such a thing occurred .
COMMENT # 117 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
It might explain why they were hovering , but it does not change their having grabbed him for speaking in a manner they did not like .
According to them , the event organizer for the campus wanted him silenced and out of the building , and so they grabbed him .
In any case , even if he had made a scene before the cameras started , Kerry had given the go ahead , said he'd take the kid 's question / s .
The organizers clearly consented to this arrangement .
So the kid was obnoxiously exercising his right to free speech , with the consent of the organizers , and should have been able to rely on not being manhandled from the moment that consent was restablished ... even if that consent had been iffy in the moments before .
If in fact the suit who had his mic cut was an Accent Director , and if he asked the cops to get Meyer out of the building , the cops are supposed to tell the kid clearly that he 's been asked to leave , that it 's not optional , and not lay hands on him until he 's refused and / or become violent with them .
They simply grabbed him and started to try to haul him out .
From everyone 's perspective , he was being manhandled for his speech .
That the cops may have been acting merely as goons for Accent does n't change the fact that they are peace officers who do not have any more right to assault a fellow citizen than the next guy .
If they had followed the law and protocol , given the kid a full chance to leave under his own power , it still would have been a free speech issue , but the cops would n't have been guilty of police brutality .
In the same circumstance , anyone would have felt confused and threatened by being grabbed by the police , by anyone .
COMMENT # 118 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/22/2007 @ 5:56 pm PT ...
Oh I agree .
They never gave him a chance to leave on his own accord .
However , I still question the claims that he was using profanity before going to the mic .
I would imagine yelling out profanities at a public or private event may not break any laws , but could get one escorted out the door .
I think most civil human beings would not want to even acknowledge someone yelling obscenities at them .
Course there are those that are provoked by that sort of thing and would yell back , but in my opinion that 's just lowering yourself to their standard .
In any event , I guess my point is if Meyers had indeed yelled profanity and yelled obnoxious statements why was he not asked to leave beforehand ?
Even if Kerry gave him the go ahead .
There is such a thing as decorum .
I can only imagine that John Kerry 's handlers were freaking out when Kerry gave Meyers the go ahead to speak .
But then again , as I said before , maybe they assumed Kerry being a good orator could diffuse Meyers .
God knows now , Kerry surely did NOT do anything to diffuse the situation that followed .
COMMENT # 119 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 5:58 pm PT ...
And , dropping the legalistic crap now , it seems as though Kerry was doing a sort of variation on *'s town hall meeting theme , but instead of prescreening for only friendly questions , he limited the questioning to a ridiculous extent .
That 's not a town hall meeting --- as was advertized --- that 's a lecture .
The kid , all of us , had a right to think we could speak with Kerry under those circumstances , and sitting for two hours while Kerry droned , only to be told you could n't ask your question , would be irksome in the extreme , and would have made me feel as though this was no longer a public servant I 'd come to see , but a member of the ruling class .
That 's way so not okay , and instead of hassling over this kid 's manners , we should be hassling over how to change the manners of the senator and his goons .
COMMENT # 120 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/22/2007 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
Totally Agree !
But , even so , it does n't mean we should shout out profanity .
That would be totally immature .
However , I have to say the profanity caught on tape , while being manhandled and tasered are wholly justified .
Any person in that situation would have been yelling a few curse words .
If not , then they 're probably one of the apathic sheep .
COMMENT # 121 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 6:21 pm PT ...
I 'm sure he was n't " yelling obscenities " .
Someone probably came up to him in line for the mic and told him the senator would n't be taking more than a few questions , so he could just sit down ... something like that .
And he probably said something like :
What the fuck ?
I 've sat here for two hours waiting , and I want my turn !
or
That 's bullshit !
This is a town hall and I want my turn !
He would have been your basic pissed - off potty - mouthed kid , expressing displeasure and insisting on getting to ask what he'd come to ask .
He probably did not lower his voice to say whatever it was he said , either .
That is enough to get called " yelling obscenities " when the police are trying to excuse themselves for messing up .
COMMENT # 122 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 6:23 pm PT ...
Or " shouting profanity " ... whatever .
COMMENT # 123 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/22/2007 @ 6:59 pm PT ...
I 'm referring to a previous news account and to other commenters , claiming he burst into the auditorium screaming profanities and demanding to be heard .
I definitely can see him , responding in the way you mentioned , if in fact that was the scenario .
It could very well be enough to be classified as " yelling obscenities " .
Those in authority do hate that .
In any event , it will be interesting to see if other video emerges , as I 'm sure others had their cameras rolling throughout the event , and as some of the videos posted online that I 've watched , some appeared to be getting a kick out of the whole incident .
COMMENT # 124 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/22/2007 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
Okay .
I 'm going back to shutting up about it , now .
It 's just appalling to me that any of my fellow citizens think his demeanor excuses cops grabbing him and tasering him for the content or timbre of his free speech .
I think people should be aware that there is a faction out there who are trying to make a totalitarian regime seem popular and righteous .
If some of these supposed kids here really think there was justification for this , they have not been given an American education and they have been conditioned to act like bleating little herd animals ... in denial of the Constitution .
If anyone set out to horrify me right down to my bone marrow , congratulations .
Mission accomplished .
COMMENT # 125 [ Permalink ]
... T.M. said on 9/22/2007 @ 8:14 pm PT ...
There is no excuse , period .
Sorry to say it , but I believe that dumbing down is what our American public school system has been doing for some time .
From my perspective as a highly educated citizen , parent and part - time college English instructor , it truly amazes me what does goes on , and what does NOT go on in public schools .
And I would like to add when my teen son , who has always been an outside the box sort of kid ( thank God ! ) , watched this video was completely appalled that no one tried to help Mr. Meyers .
Anyway , thanks for the forum to discuss this very important issue .
COMMENT # 126 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 9/22/2007 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
The debate about this assault on Meyers is just astonishing .
Like others , I 've watched several videos of the incident , several times .
Clearly , he was assaulted , plain & simple .
If he had been shouting obscenities earlier & " demanding to be heard " , as some have evidently claimed , why was he was not arrested then for such disruptive behavior ?
The officers seemed eager enough to arrest him in these videos for much lesser behavior .
That claim lacks all credibility ( kinda like kerry ) .
People here & elsewhere have claimed all sorts of things happened that did n't happen .
Someone commenting on DailyKos the other day claimed that Meyers ran down the aisle & grabbed the mic away from someone : a pure fabrication .
After kerry pointed to him , indicating he could speak , he was aggressive but civil .
He was not disruptive .
He thanked kerry for taking the time to come .
As soon as he said the words " blow job " , the man behind & to his left made the cut - throat sign & they shut off the mic .
Meyers took a small step backward in reaction & said " Oh thanks for cutting my mic ! " .
At that moment they put hands on him .
He had done absolutely nothing unusual , & certainly nothing illegal .
I must ask a question of our friend Emily , at the risk of unintentionally incurring the wrath of Agent 99 :
In all seriousness , my dear , are you not aware of how embarrassingly ridiculous you sound ?
Setting aside the pettier aspects of your comments that happen to push my buttons -- small , grammatical infractions such as your apparent inability to grasp the difference between ' then ' & ' than ' , or your persistent inappropriate use of apostrophes -- sorry , I used to teach -- there is the fact that the cadence of your discourse brings so vividly to mind the vision of a street - smart , gum - popping incarnation of Rosie Perez at her most Brooklynesque .
Colorful & endearing on the ' silver screen ' , but a bit disconcerting when spewed with such earnest wrong - headedness by , God help us , a potential future attorney .
Good grief , girl , get a grip .
COMME
It has been reported that Backdoor .
Ginwui may be dropped by a malicious Word document exploiting an undocumented vulnerability in Microsoft Word .
This malicious Word document is currently detected as Trojan .
Mdropper.H .
As it happens , Dan 's bomb went off a few days ago , with the breakout of the " Backdoor .
Ginwui " virus , a malicious bit of code that Symantec introduced in an alert as follows :
As a matter of logic alone :
If you care about the security of the commonwealth , then you care about the risk of a computing monoculture .
If you care about the risk of a computing monoculture , then you care about barriers to diversification .
If you care about barriers to diversification , then you care about user - level lock - in .
And if you care about user - level lock - in , then you must break the proprietary format stranglehold on the commonwealth .
Until that is done , the user - level lock - in will preclude diversification and the monoculture bomb keeps ticking .
Just as the word " virus " has been borrowed from biology and provides an apt and vivid descriptor for its IT analogue , so also does the word monoculture function : think of the consequences of Irish potato blight , or of the wiping out of the American Chestnut tree , which once numbered in the billions in the forests of the American East and is almost extinct as a mature species .
One of the things he has worried - and warned - about is the danger represented by IT " monocultures " - the situation that arises when everyone uses the same software , for example , and therefore everyone shares the same vulnerability to a computer virus or other security threat .
The fact that Dan 's expectation came true can hardly be a source of surprise .
Indeed , the only curious aspect of the fulfilment of his prediction is that it took as long as it did to occur .
The reason , of course , is that hackers like targets that offer the most visible and dramatic results - and the bigger the better .
If that target is unpopular ( such as Microsoft ) , then again , so much the better .
Thus it is that the more successful the software product , the more attractive it becomes .
That 's no criticism of Microsoft , or of any other vendor , but one of the regrettable costs of success .
Still , from the end - user point of view , it is an added burden on the value of the product in question .
After all , it 's one thing to have a target painted on your back and reap huge profits as a cost of doing business , and quite another to pay a premium price for a dominant product , and share the same risk without offsetting compensation .
It 's also not a surprise that something as prosaic as a Word document should become the innocent carrier of a bit of malicious code .
After all , stringent security policies ( such as those my firm employs ) already block jpegs , zip files and other vehicles known for problem code .
But no one 's policies automatically block all Word and Excell files , since those are what - for now at least - most people create , send and read ( they do , of course , scan them for known viruses ) .
This therefore elevates such files not only to the level of ideal vectors , but grants them the status of attractive challenges as well , capable of showcasing the chops of whatever hacker can succeed in employing them to pull off a high - profile assault .
All of which , as regular readers of this blog might assume , leads me to a conclusion that has something to do with ODF - a standard that is already supported by four major products , two of the proprietary persuasion ( Sun 's StarOffice and IBM's Workplace Managed Client ) and two of the open source ( OpenOffice and K Office ) variety .
The risk profile between a monoculture and a diverse IT culture such as this is mathematically clear .
By definition , even if ODF compliant products as a group were someday to trade marketplace shares with Microsoft Office , no individual user of any ODF compliant product would share the same degree of risk that every Office user has today , by reason of the fact that she would inhabit an IT culture with a much richer genetic pool .
And no virus is likely to operate at the level of standardization at which these disparate products exist .
As a result , just as a species with a diverse gene pool is likely to be able to withstand the assault of a new disease in far better form than a species of clones , so also would an IT environment based on multiple instantiations of ODF be more resilient than a monoculture of Office users , only more so .
Why more so ?
Because in nature , a virus is n't personal .
No malign intelligence creates a natural virus to attack a specific target .
But in the world of hackers , the opposite is the case .
The moral of the Dan 's story , as well as the current reality of the Word Backdoor Ginwui virus is therefore clear : in IT diversity there is safety .
For further blog entries on ODF , click here
subscribe to the free Consortium Standards Bulletin
( and remember to Buy Your Books at Biff's )
Researchers at Duke University 's Pratt School of Engineering have uncovered a missing link in scientists ' understanding of the physical forces that give DNA its famous double helix shape .
" The stability of DNA is so fundamental to life that it 's important to understand all factors , " said Piotr Marszalek , a professor of mechanical engineering and materials sciences at Duke .
" If you want to create accurate models of DNA to study its interaction with proteins or drugs , for example , you need to understand the basic physics of the molecule .
For that , you need solid measurements of the forces that stabilize DNA . "
In a study published online by Physical Review Letters on July 5 , Marszalek 's team reports the first direct measurements of the forces within single strands of DNA that wind around each other in pairs to form the complete , double - stranded molecules .
The work was supported by the National Science Foundation and the National Institutes of Health .
Each DNA strand includes a sugar and phosphate " backbone " attached to one of four bases , which encode genetic sequences .
The strength of the interactions within individual strands comes largely from the chemical attraction between the stacked bases .
But the integrity of double - stranded DNA depends on both the stacking forces between base units along the length of the double helix and on the pairing forces between complementary bases , which form the rungs of the twisted ladder .
Earlier studies have focused more attention on the chemical bonds between opposing bases , measuring their strength by " unzipping " the molecules ' two strands , Marszalek said .
Studies of intact DNA make it difficult for researchers to separate the stacking from the pairing forces .
To get around that problem in the new study , the Duke team used an atomic force microscope ( AFM ) to capture the " mechanical fingerprint " of the attraction between bases within DNA strands .
The bonds within the molecules ' sugar and phosphate backbones remained intact and therefore had only a minor influence on the force measurements , Marszalek said .
advertisement
They tugged on individual strands that were tethered at one end to gold and measured the changes in force as they pulled .
The AFM technique allows precise measurements of forces within individual molecules down to one pico - Newton - - a trillionth of a Newton .
For a sense of scale , the force of gravity on a two - liter bottle of soda is about 20 Newtons , Marszalek noted .
They captured the range of stacking forces by measuring two types of synthetic DNA strands : some made up only of the base thymine , which is known to have the weakest attraction between stacked units , and some made up only of the base adenine , known to have the strongest stacking forces .
Because of those differences in chemical forces , the two types of single - stranded DNA take on different structures , Marszalek said .
Single strands of adenine coil in a fairly regular fashion to form a helix of their own , while thymine chains take on a more random shape .
The pure adenine strands exhibited an even more complex form of elasticity than had been anticipated , the researchers reported .
As they stretched the adenine chains with increasing force , the researchers noted two places -- at 23 and 113 pico-Newtons -- where their measurements leveled off .
" Those plateaus reflect the breaking and unfolding of the helix , " Marszalek explained .
With no bonds between bases to break , the thymine chains ' showed little resistance to extension and no plateau .
Based on the known structure of the single stranded DNA molecules , they had expected to see only one such plateau as the stacking forces severed .
Exactly what happens at the molecular level at each of the two plateaus will be the subject of continued investigation , he said .
Collaborators on the study include research associate Changhong Ke and graduate students Michael Humeniuk of Duke and Hanna S - Gracz of North Carolina State University .
By Lucy Hooker
Business reporter , BBC World Service , Kampala , Uganda
Some Asian residents were targeted by the protesters
On 12 April an environmental protest in Kampala turned racial .
The crowds began chanting anti-Asian slogans .
Some held placards with slogans praising Uganda 's former dictator Idi Amin .
" For one tree cut five Indians dead , " said one poster .
Violence targeting Asians led to the death of one young Indian man .
Shops were ransacked and many Asians sought refuge in the Hindu temple or barricaded themselves in their shops .
Pent up frustration over the inequality between Uganda 's Asian and black communities found expression on the streets .
" The violence was exceptional , but the bitterness expressed was characteristic , " says Dr Moses Musaazi , a university academic turned businessman .
In 1972 , Idi Amin expelled the country 's wealthy Asian population and expropriated their assets .
But in the1980s the exiled were offered compensation and many have returned to re-establish business empires that again dominate Uganda 's economy .
Many thousand newcomers have joined them .
Indians make up less than 1 % of Uganda 's population .
But they control some 40 % of the economy .
" Asian employers have n't done anything to correct the situation that brought about Amin , " says Dr Musaazi .
" I did n't think they would make the same mistake again . "
An environmental cause
The protest was originally over an environmental issue .
Uganda 's government had announced that it was giving the go ahead for a sugar cane company to develop a part of Mabira National Park , a protected area of forest .
Our president mostly likes the Indians and the Chinese .
He does n't listen to us blacks
Sarah , the manager of a hardware shop
But the company in question is owned by the wealthy Ugandan - Indian Mehta family .
" Mabira gave an outlet to fears of Asian domination , gave them a voice , " says Angelo Izama , journalist and broadcaster .
" There is resentment that the government appears to be favouring an Asian business .
It has pitted the communities against each other . "
Ugandans feel that Asian business is given special treatment and has the ear of the government in a way they do not .
Many Indians are not eligible to vote , but often donate money to support the political campaigns of Ugandan friends .
The Museveni government values the investment and expertise that foreign investors bring to Uganda .
And the Indian community now enjoys a kind of political insurance which was absent in the days of Idi Amin .
" The accessibility to authorities in Uganda is so smooth and so simple , " says Sanjiv Patel of the Indian Association of Uganda .
" I can assure you if there is a burning issue of Indians or minorities , or pertaining to the country , the president would call us within 24 hours . "
Indians in Kampala
It 's not obvious to the naked eye but almost all of Kampala 's big businesses are owned by Indians including manufacturing , luxury hotels , banks and real estate .
The city 's finest restaurants are curry houses catering to the wealthy elite .
Most Ugandans refer to Indians with respect
On the street there 's the occasional glimpse of a bright sari amongst the boldly patterned African clothes .
A glance in many small shops reveals a sea of black faces at the service desk and one Asian in the shadows at the back .
Indians here keep a low profile .
" Because of a lack of integration , any small misunderstanding is blown out proportion , " says Angelo Izama .
Ordinary Ugandans readily refer to cases of Asian employers mistreating and underpaying staff .
And in the city 's market district small traders feel the competition from Asian rivals keenly .
" Their prices are cheaper than ours , so we are not friends with Indians , " says Sarah , the manager of a hardware shop .
" Our president mostly likes the Indians and the Chinese .
He does n't listen to us blacks .
" I think Ugandans have lived in harmony with the Indians for quite some time .
We have been underpaid by them for quite some time in their factories , their flower gardens and their shops .
All this we bear because we are poor , " says Issa Sekitto representative of Kampala 's city traders .
But there 's nothing like the difficult relationship there was between Indian employers and black workers before 1972 .
Indians have worked hard to overcome the reputation they had for arrogance and cruelty .
Ugandans are also quick to admit that immigrants tend to work harder , put in longer hours and expect the same from their employees .
Not racist
Despite some obvious resentment there 's little sign of outright racism against Indians .
Most Ugandans , from academics to second hand shoe salesmen , refer to Indians with respect .
They admit that when Idi Amin expelled the Asians it left the economy in a mess .
Ugandans who inherited Asian property had little experience in running industry and no money to invest .
The economy collapsed .
Most Ugandans are grateful that Asians investors were persuaded to return to create work and wealth again .
But they are suspicious of a community which worships , educates and lives apart .
Future of Mabira
And now the President is preparing to publish a final decision over the fate of Mabira National Park .
The government argues the hundreds of jobs and wealth that will follow are worth the loss of some of the country 's protected forest .
But the Indian community is desperately lobbying for the plans to be shelved .
They are quite aware that pursuing the plan could jeopardise the delicate balance of good will that they 've built up in recent years .
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine have found that emotional well - being is not an independent factor affecting the prognosis of patients with head and neck cancers .
This study appears in the December 1st issue of CANCER .
“ The belief that a patient ’s psychological state can impact the course and outcome of their cancer is one that has been prominent among patients and medical professionals , alike , ” says James C. Coyne , PhD , Co -Leader , Cancer Control and Outcomes Program , Abramson Cancer Center ; Professor of Psychology in Psychiatry at Penn ; and lead author of the study .
“ This belief leads people to seek psychotherapy in the hopes of promoting survival .
While there can be lots of emotional and social benefits of psychotherapy , patients should not seek such experiences solely on the expectation that they are extending their lives . ”
Study participants were enrolled in two Radiation Oncology Group clinical trials and completed a baseline measure of quality of life questionnaire which included an Emotional Well - Being subscale .
The outcome measure was overall survival .
The study sample included 1,093 patients , and of this group , 646 died during the length of the study .
With the coupling of this large sample and the uniformity of treatment and quality of care that is required in a clinical trial , this is one of the methodologically strongest studies in this area to - date .
The researchers found that emotional status was not a predictor of survival among this population .
Additionally , no effects were observed when the researchers examined interactions between emotional well - being and study protocol , gender , primary cancer site , or stage of cancer .
Therefore , the study reports that “ this psychologic variable neither affected progression or death directly , nor functioned as a lurking variable . ”
“ While this study may not end the debate , it does provide the strongest evidence to - date that psychological factors are not independently prognostic in cancer management , ” says Dr. Coyne .
http://www.med.upenn.edu
Somewhere between the spot Peggy Hettrick was abducted and the Fort Collins field where her partially clad body was dumped , her killer would have shed pieces of himself , mothlike .
As he pulled her through the grass that dark morning on Feb. 11 , 1987 , his skin cells could have sloughed off onto her black coat .
A strand of his hair could have hooked onto her shoes .
A sneeze could have dampened her blouse .
This is the law of forensic science :
When two people come into contact , they leave cells on each other .
But in the Hettrick murder case , authorities strayed from this law by losing some of these biological relics and destroying evidence linked to a prominent doctor they never investigated for the crime .
In doing so , they may have covered the killer ’s genetic tracks .
This happened in Fort Collins , where a detective clung to his belief that a 15 - year - old boy committed the crime , despite no physical evidence .
In a county where prosecutors opposed saving DNA , let alone testing it .
In a state where the law does n’t create a duty to preserve forensic evidence .
The result , as believed by three former Fort Collins police detectives and a former Colorado Bureau of Investigation director :
An innocent man goes to prison for life , and the real killer moves on .
“ It eats me up , ” says Linda Wheeler , one of the officers .
“ I ’ve put people in prison for murder .
I make people accountable for crimes they ’ve committed .
But I ’ve felt we have two victims here .
One is in a jail cell in Buena Vista . ”
The story behind Hettrick ’s murder and Tim Masters ’ conviction is one of inferences blurring with facts , character issues blurring with guilt and theater blurring with truth .
Twenty years after Hettrick ’s killing , Masters ’ legal team has launched one of the most ambitious and expensive bids ever in Colorado to prove a man ’s innocence – nearly $ 500,000 provided by the state legal defense system .
The effort has led them to a small laboratory in the Netherlands , where a smudge of skin cells has been mined from Hettrick ’s clothing using the most - advanced DNA techniques available .
The skin was found where the killer ’s fingers would have roamed .
Tests show it was n’t Masters ’.
The discovery
A bicyclist phoned in the news just after sunrise from a south Fort Collins neighborhood .
At first , he thought he had seen a mannequin in a field along Landings Drive .
She was so white .
She was a small woman , about 115 pounds , with flaming - red hair .
Her bra , blouse and black coat had been pushed up above her breasts ; her panties and bluejeans had been pulled down to her knees .
Her eyes were open , her arms outstretched among the brown leaves , her purse looped above one elbow .
Blood , presumably from a knife wound to her back , trailed 103 feet from her body to a small pool by the street curb .
Tiny abrasions marked her right cheek .
Among the oddest features :
Her left nipple and areola had been carefully removed and the front of her body was wiped clean .
No blood .
Police identified her as Peggy Hettrick , 37 , college dropout , barhopper and aspiring writer who worked at The Fashion Bar , a nearby clothing store .
She was last noticed abruptly leaving The Prime Minister , a restaurant only blocks from the field , about 1:30 a.m.
Earlier , at the restaurant , she had seen her on - and - off boyfriend with another woman .
Her friends privately worried something horrible would happen to her , given her late - night impulses , her jealousies , her appetite for adventure .
Sometimes she would head out into the night just to collect details for the book she was writing or to spy on her boyfriend .
In a drawer at her home was a half - written , neatly typed novel about diamond smugglers and their obsessive search for jewels .
The first chapter ends with murder ; the last stops mid-sentence .
That day in the field , investigators wrapped paper bags around Hettrick ’s hands and feet to capture skin or hair she might have scratched off her killer and any specimens her footwear might have picked up .
They found two hairs – not hers – on her footwear .
In her purse , they lifted 13 fingerprints , also not hers .
Larimer County Medical Examiner Dr. Pat Allen later found the most puzzling wounds , unnoticed by officers .
They were “ neatly ” executed cuts inside her genitalia that , like the one on her left breast , must have been made with an extremely sharp knife , an instrument different from the one used to stab her .
In 21 years of performing autopsies , Allen told colleagues , he had never seen wounds like these .
Son may have seen something
The police dragnet fanned across Landings Drive to the east , where new luxury housing sprawled , and to the southwest , where blue - collar folks still lived in trailers .
Officers knocked on dozens of doors to see what anyone saw , heard , suspected .
From a mobile home 100 feet south of Hettrick ’s now - covered body , Clyde Masters told Wheeler of the Fort Collins police that his 15 - year - old boy had walked through the field to his bus stop , as he did every morning .
Tim may have seen something , he told her .
After Wheeler relayed this to fellow officers , Masters , a sophomore at Fort Collins High School , was pulled out of class .
Yes , he had seen a body , he told police .
No , he did n’t report it .
He first thought it was a mannequin , as the bicyclist did , but he did n’t know for certain .
On the bus , the image nagged at him .
He wondered whether a prank had been played on him .
The police were skeptical .
Why would anyone not report a body ?
Why did he seem so emotionless ?
But Masters was usually quiet .
The rail - thin boy with the long bangs was known to keep to himself .
He was placed in a special - ed class after some of his artwork disturbed a teacher .
In the margins of his notebooks were sketches of dinosaurs with arrows through them , gruesome war scenes described by his Vietnam veteran dad and horror flicks such as “ Nightmare on Elm Street ” that father and son watched together .
The younger Masters loved to write , and his goal was to be another Stephen King .
Judith Challes , the special - ed teacher who knew him best , told his reading teacher , “ You know , I ’m not at all concerned about them ( his writings and drawings ) . ”
Most of her kids scrawled horrific images .
“ You did it . … You did it . ”
The police requested that he come to the police station the next day , Feb. 12 , for further questioning .
Sure , he told them .
But he did n’t know Hettrick , and he did n’t see or hear anything before her death , he said .
Just procedure , they said .
Without consulting an attorney , he and his dad did exactly what police asked .
They allowed detectives to search their home and Tim ’s school locker , where they scooped up his horror writings and sketches , his survival - knife collection and Army flashlight with a red - tinted lens .
His dad would stay outside the interrogation room , not understanding that juveniles are psychologically vulnerable to suggestive cues and coercion .
After reading him his rights , officers prodded Masters to talk about killing , to think like a killer , to talk about what weapons he might use and where he might put a body .
Interrogator No. 1 : “ We know that you did it , Tim . ”
Masters : “ I did n’t do it . … I ’ve seen people on TV sent to jail for things they did n’t do . ”
Interrogator No. 2 , at one point making stabbing motions in the air : “ You did it .
I ’m not accusing you , I ’m telling you .
You did it . ”
Masters shakes his head and continues to deny involvement .
Interrogator No. 3 , getting angry : “ Tell the truth ! ”
Masters : “ I have told the truth . ”
By the sixth hour , Masters was sweating , nervously chewing a piece of gum .
It was investigator Jim Broderick ’s turn .
Broderick , a deep - voiced , no - nonsense cop with zero tolerance for unsolved cases , had a reputation as a hardball interrogator , Wheeler said .
He started out friendly with Masters , offering food and drinks .
Then he moved into what police found in the teen ’s bedroom , including the knife collection , which had been cobbled together in part from relatives ’ gifts .
Masters talked about how one could cut through trees , even the fuselage of an airplane .
Broderick mentioned that such a knife “ does a lot of damage when you stab somebody . ”
“ That ’d be kind of hard , though , to pull it back , ” Masters responded , recalling a scene from a movie shown at school , “ All Quiet on the Western Front . ”
In it , a character chastises his soldiers for serrating their bayonets because such alteration makes removing the weapon from a body difficult .
The remark stuck with Broderick .
Within the next hour , the detective was in Masters ’ face , telling him to come clean about how he fulfilled a fantasy by killing Hettrick .
“ Why ca n’t you just say it ?
Why is it so hard for you to tell me ? ” Broderick said . “…
You got to admit it when it ’s over .
People get killed in battle , right ?
Their friends die !
A piece in you just died just a minute ago .
It ’s over .
You ’re not free anymore ! ”
But they had no hard evidence against Masters .
They did n’t do an in - depth interview with Challes , the teacher who said he was a normal kid with no violent tendencies .
They would n’t find a trace of forensic evidence at his house or on his belongings – no blood or hairs from Hettrick .
They would discover that the two hairs found on Hettrick did n’t match Masters .
They would find that the fingerprints in her purse also did n’t match him .
Wandering on foot
No one knows for certain how Hettrick ended up in the field along Landings Drive that early morning .
She may simply have been strolling back to her apartment .
Or she may have been abducted elsewhere , then dropped there .
She had spent most of the late hours Feb. 10 wandering on foot .
From The Fashion Bar , where she got off work at 9 p.m. , she walked to the Laughing Dog Saloon , then to her apartment , then to The Prime Minister , where she saw her boyfriend , Matt Zoellner , a local car salesman , drinking with another woman .
They exchanged only a few words , Zoellner recalled later .
He remembers her walking out the door alone sometime between 1 and 1:30 a.m .
To some of her friends , Hettrick seemed stuck in adolescence .
That could make her fun to be with , but it also worried them .
She could just drift off with strangers .
When men would n’t leave her alone , she hoped Matt would intervene , and “ I would fall into his arms , thankfully , ” she wrote in one letter .
Police ruled Zoellner out as a suspect .
His date vouched for his whereabouts .
Eventually , police ruled out dozens of suspects , including known area sex offenders .
Even Brent Brents , years later exposed as Denver ’s most prolific serial rapist , made the list until they discovered he was locked up that night .
Then there were the suspects without names .
Like the man who showed up at The Prime Minister two weeks after the murder , making threatening gestures at a red - haired employee resembling Hettrick .
Teresa Safris was selling tickets in the front of the restaurant for an entertainment act inside when she heard a strange voice behind her .
A man with a “ bodybuilder ” physique , she said , was glaring at her .
He pulled an icicle from behind his back and made several stabbing motions in the air .
Then , he was gone .
She described him as 30 years old , with green or blue eyes , sandy hair and a square jaw .
Police never identified him .
In search of a motive
They called it the “ blitz attack . ”
Embraced by Broderick , the theory goes like this : Hettrick was ambushed and stabbed from behind as she walked down Landings Drive .
Then she was dragged into the field , where the killer changed knives to sexually mutilate her .
The fact that Masters lived only 100 feet away fit nicely with his theory .
It gave him the “ opportunity , ” Broderick believed .
He could have spotted her from his bedroom window , crawled out and jumped Hettrick .
He also owned a red - tinted flashlight that , Broderick reasoned , he could have held between his teeth as he went about his mutilation .
Now , all Broderick needed was a motive .
The officer talked about the odd vibes he got from Masters , the strange coincidences surrounding him .
Why would he have a collection of survival knives ?
Why , the day after the body was found , would he have a newspaper with a story about Hettrick ’s death on his dresser next to the knives ?
Why would Hettrick ’s body be found within a day of the fourth anniversary of the boy ’s mother ’s death ?
To Broderick , these facts seemed too compelling to just be coincidences .
But it was Masters ’ drawings that really spooked him .
He and others came to believe that one doodle , featuring a blade tearing into a diamond shape , was a vagina mutilation .
Masters says it was simply a knife tearing into an inanimate object , noting there are no anatomical details such as hair or body parts around it .
Police also read sinister motives into sketches Masters says he made after the interrogation , including one showing a person dragging someone , and another featuring a map of the field .
As Masters and others tell it , word had spread around school that he had been pulled in to talk with the cops .
Classmates such as Wayne Lawson nagged him with questions .
What happened ?
What do you know about the crime ?
So Masters drew sketches for them , such as a map showing where the body was in the field .
Lawson later verified Masters ’ account .
Broderick did n’t buy these explanations .
“ He was fixated , just fixated on Masters , ” Wheeler says of Broderick .
“ He was fitting facts to a hypothesis .
That ’s not how it ’s supposed to work . ”
Broderick says he was merely assembling circumstantial evidence , which he describes as a standard investigative approach .
Wheeler was adamant at the time that other suspects should be a major focus .
She also believed an FBI profile of the killer should be developed , but her supervisors did n’t allow it .
Detective Troy Krenning believed it improbable that a boy could have pulled off such a sophisticated , fetishistic killing .
On the first anniversary of Hettrick ’s death , Krenning was instructed to sit in a mobile home opposite Masters ’ house to perform surveillance of the crime scene in case the killer came back .
“ My perspective was to get off Masters and let ’s take a look at maybe someone else , ” Krenning recalls .
“ There ’s 6.3 billion people in this world .
We seem to be focused on one . ”
In 1992 , after Fort Collins police solved one of the city ’s last cold cases , Broderick was lamenting the fact that the Hettrick case still languished on the cold - case list , Krenning recalls .
“ Masters was involved , ” Broderick kept saying .
“ Bullshit , ” Krenning kept replying , according to court testimony .
That same year , Wheeler had been appointed lead investigator into Hettrick ’s murder case .
Broderick and others told her that Masters had been on the verge of cracking during the interrogations .
Wheeler replayed the seven hours of videotaped interrogations .
She was n’t convinced .
“ I just did n’t see any deceptive behavior , ” she says .
That year , a former high school student dropped a bombshell on the detectives : Shortly after the crime , Masters had apparently talked about Hettrick ’s body missing a nipple , information that had never been made public .
They drew up an arrest warrant and flew to Philadelphia , where Masters was serving in the Navy aboard the USS Constitution .
Once again , Masters agreed to be interviewed .
Yes , he had known about the nipple .
A girl in his art class had told him about it , he said .
Frantically , the detectives checked out the story .
It was true .
As it turns out , the girl was a member of a teenage Explorer Scouts group police enlisted to scour the field for Hettrick ’s body parts .
“ We do n’t do that anymore , ” Broderick says now .
But Broderick kept battering Masters with questions , at one point forcing him to break down in tears , Wheeler recalls .
“ I ’m not comfortable with this , ” she remembers saying .
Today ,
Wheeler regrets not being able to derail Broderick ’s focus .
“ This theory of Masters being the killer was going south in a big way , ” she says .
She told then - District Attorney Terry Gilmore about her concerns when she returned from Philadelphia , she said .
Gilmore , now a district judge , declined to respond to an interview request .
In 1995 , Wheeler became an agent with the CBI .
Masters was sailing around the world , learning to become an aircraft mechanic , without any discipline problems or violent offenses .
“ I think that ’s a camera lens ”
That same year , 100 yards east of where Hettrick ’s body had been found , a college student who was house - sitting for a doctor and his family heard a strange noise in the basement bathroom .
“ I ’m like , what is that ? ” Lynn Burkhardt recalls thinking as she stood in front of the bathroom mirror .
“ So I followed it down to a vent by the toilet .
I ’m looking in there , and I ’m thinking I see something and thought , ‘ I think that ’s a camera lens . ” ‘
Using a paper clip , she and a friend broke into the adjacent room , a spare office used by Dr. Richard Hammond , a prominent eye surgeon in Fort Collins .
Inside , they found a secret , obsessive world – one of surreptitious cameras triggered by light switches , boxes of computer electronics and massive amounts of pornography , mainly close - up images shot through the vent , directly at women sitting on his toilet or standing in front of his mirrors .
The police soon raided 401 Skysail Lane , confiscating everything .
When the 44 - year - old Hammond returned from vacation with his family , he was arrested on sexual - exploitation charges .
His wife , Rebecca , said she had no knowledge of the taping .
Friends described Hammond as the portrait of politeness and professionalism .
So they were shocked to see the headlines in the local paper about his arrest .
Up to that point , he led an idyllic life as father of two teenage children and the husband of a CSU architectural student .
Colleagues admired his specialized surgical skills .
His partner , Dr. William Schachtman , remembered his deftness with the scalpel .
Even Hammond ’s personal hobbies required precision handwork : woodworking , metalworking and jewelry making .
But some dimensions of Hammond ’s life were a mystery .
He kept rigid daily schedules so he could fit in long hours at work and bodybuilding at the gym .
He often left town on secretive trips or disappeared for hours .
His wife told police how he battled insomnia and how she would find him working out of his basement office in the middle of the night .
Once , when his basement flooded , his wife watched him first rush some mysterious containers out of the house .
Around the time of his arrest , according to one investigative report , his wife grew alarmed that he was collecting guns and knives .
At the police department , Detective David Mickelson and Krenning reviewed Hammond ’s videos to establish exactly what crimes the doctor had committed .
Both Krenning and Mickelson will never forget the images they witnessed over and over .
“ Video after video , there were these highly calibrated shots zooming into the vaginal areas of women on his toilet , ” Mickelson says .
“ These were extreme close - ups .
They were almost microscopic . ”
Other hidden cameras captured women ’s breasts as they stood at the mirror .
After bonding out of jail , Hammond checked himself into the Mountain Crest Hospital in Fort Collins for counseling .
He talked little but filled out reports disclosing an unhappy life , lonely childhood and voyeuristic tendencies since his teen years .
Within days , the hospital released him .
The DA ’s office , meanwhile , chose to call in an independent prosecutor from Weld County , citing a potential conflict in the case .
The issue was never explained publicly , although it is believed that relatives of staffers in the DA ’s office were found on Hammond ’s videotapes .
Police kept discovering more secrets .
They found a storage unit Hammond had rented containing thousands of pornographic materials and containers with sex toys and jewelry .
He also had a secret bank account , secret apartment and a secret identity , according to police and records .
Within days of his arrest , however , they were called to a La Quinta Motor Inn in north Denver .
There , they found Hammond dead , an IV needle containing cyanide residue sticking out of his thigh .
“ My death should satisfy the media ’s thirst for blood , ” he wrote in the March 1995 suicide note .
The autopsy report noted that Hammond had shaved his entire body , a strategy used by some predators to avoid leaving remnants of themselves at crime scenes and also used by some bodybuilders .
A tool with foldout knives was looped around his belt .
After viewing several of the videotapes , Mickelson started making connections : the doctor ’s close proximity to the Hettrick crime scene , and his obsession with women ’s genitalia and breasts .
He told Tony Sanchez , the lead detective in the Hammond case , that Hammond should be investigated for Hettrick ’s murder .
But Sanchez brushed his remarks aside , he recalls .
Mickelson never heard back from him or Sanchez ’s boss , who happened to be Jim Broderick , the supervisor for crimes - against - persons investigations .
In August 1995 , investigators had slated for destruction every piece of evidence they seized from Hammond .
“ Do n’t do it , save the evidence , ” Mickelson recalls telling Sanchez after he heard about the plan , knowing that they had reviewed only a small portion of the tapes .
Sanchez , without elaborating , said there were legal issues behind the destruction , Mickelson remembers .
“ The seized evidence burned for approximately 8 1/2 hours , ” according to an Aug. 15 , 1995 , report by Sanchez .
Krenning , who remembers Mickelson “ making noise ” to superiors , ca n’t believe they burned every piece .
“ I ca n’t recall one other case where the evidence was taken to a landfill , mashed up with a grater , then burned – all within a six - month period . ”
Had Hammond been formally investigated and the evidence preserved , detectives might have been intrigued by parallels with the Hettrick case .
They might have run across Teresa Safris ’ police report , in which she describes the square - jawed bodybuilder who fit Hammond ’s description .
They might have searched Hammond ’s warehouse specifically for Hettrick ’s body parts .
They might have tested his sex toys for DNA , as well as the knife on his belt .
They might have matched his hairs with the two found on Hettrick .
Says Mickelson , who never believed Masters was Hettrick ’s killer : “ I just wanted to see whether Hettrick ’s picture was in those videos somewhere . ”
He adds that he did n’t know who ordered the destruction .
It was Jim Broderick .
Still locked on Masters
Nine weeks after Hammond ’s possessions went up in smoke , Broderick was still locked on Masters .
He phoned a forensic psychologist in San Diego named Reid Meloy .
Broderick wanted him to study Masters ’ artwork .
Meloy had developed a reputation as an expert witness on sexual homicides .
He even disclosed a deeply personal fascination with the subject , according to court testimony , saying he himself had sexually sadistic fantasies .
Some of his approaches have been considered controversial :
He was a proponent of a theory many psychological experts consider fraught with danger – that artwork can be used to interpret a person ’s criminal motivations .
Meloy agreed to look at Masters ’ drawings .
The analysis turned out to be Masters ’ undoing .
“ The killing of Ms. Hettrick translated Tim Masters ’ grandiose fantasy into reality , ” wrote Meloy , who drew this conclusion without even interviewing Masters .
Meloy had given Broderick a motive :
This was a displaced sexual matricide , stemming from Masters ’ feelings of abandonment by his dead mother .
Meloy concluded from Masters ’ drawings and stories that he fit the profile of a killer because he ’s a loner , he comes from an isolated or deprived background , and he harbored hidden hostility toward authorities as well as violent fantasies .
By 1998 , Masters was honorably discharged from the Navy and living in California .
“ I ’m basically kicking back , relaxing , ” Masters recalls .
Then he heard a knock at the door .
“ Jim Broderick walked into the house and says , ‘ Tim Masters , you ’re under arrest for the murder of Peggy Hettrick . ” ‘
Focus on Masters ’ artwork
At the time , DNA analysis allowed scientists to zero in on smaller and smaller crime - scene specimens , even capturing skin particles that may have rubbed off the hands of killers .
By then and into 1999 , police were regularly testing clothing and other items for the cells of culprits .
In Fort Collins , they still had Hettrick ’s black coat , shoes , blouse , panties , socks and jeans .
Broderick , however , clung to the psychological analysis of the California psychologist .
“ We ’re talking about fantasy that becomes obsessive , ” then - DA Terry Gilmore declared in his opening statement at Masters ’ trial in March 1999 .
During the trial , prosecutors described how Masters ’ footprints showed that he had veered off his regular bus - stop route Feb. 11 to step within 6 feet of Hettrick ’s body .
They said that was characteristic of killers who often return to the scene .
They talked of his knives being “ consistent ” with her wounds .
They described the detailed nature of the wounds and that Masters ’ knives contained a sharp - enough edge to perform such cuttings .
The fact that he was an artist allowed him to cut in detail .
A blood - spatter expert , Tom Bevel , testified that the bloodstains were consistent with the police theory of the killing .
They bombarded jurors with blown - up images of Masters ’ doodles , projected onto the wall , one after another , and photos of Hettrick ’s mutilated body .
They did not show the interrogation videotape .
Masters ’ attorneys , Eric Fischer and Nathan Chambers , assailed prosecutors ’ case as rooted in junk science , presenting another doctor ’s testimony to bash Meloy ’s theory that his artwork exposed a killer .
They were convinced of their client ’s innocence .
They believed he would be acquitted .
How , in the end , could jurors convict without any physical evidence ?
But Fischer saw fear in their eyes .
They were looking at a grown , muscular man in Masters , not an adolescent who doodled in his notebook .
“ They convicted him because they were afraid to let him loose , ” Fischer says .
Masters was sent to Buena Vista prison – “ beautiful view ” in Spanish – perched 8,000 feet up in the Rocky Mountains .
All he could see outside his cell window was a wall .
Guilty verdict upheld , 4 - 3
By one vote , Masters ’ guilty verdict squeaked by the Colorado Supreme Court on appeal .
Four justices said the proceedings followed the rules .
Three justices called the trial grossly unfair .
“ Most of these writings and drawings have nothing to do with this grisly murder , ” wrote Justice Michael Bender in the dissent .
“ The sheer volume of the inadmissible evidence so overwhelmed the admissible evidence that the defendant could not have a fair trial . …
There exists a substantial risk that the defendant was convicted not for what he did , but for who he is . ”
Bender also said the DA ’s case improperly dressed itself as science , although little consensus existed in the psychology field about the reliability of such methods .
Exoneration bid builds
In 2004 , Masters received a letter from a Denver accountant who had watched a television program on Broderick ’s skill in cracking the case .
“ I just do n’t understand how you could have been convicted , ” wrote Taylor Marris .
Marris began looking into the case out of personal interest , calling various participants to talk about it .
He became convinced an innocent man had been railroaded .
“ I came to believe that this is a person with real feelings who has been ridiculed and humiliated and violated beyond anything that anyone could imagine , ” Marris says .
Marris persuaded
Wheeler to become part of an exoneration bid .
By then , the state had appointed Greeley defense attorney Maria Liu to represent Masters .
Masters , who had served five years at Buena Vista , was pursuing another appeal on grounds of ineffective counsel .
The state appointed Liu , who embraced cases involving juvenile crimes because “ they ’re the underdogs in the legal system . ”
After burrowing into the massive case file , Liu was astonished that Masters could be convicted on the basis of his doodles .
Then she learned of Wheeler ’s doubts and of Mickelson ’s efforts to steer the probe to Hammond .
During a prison visit , she saw nothing but sincerity in Masters ’ demeanor .
“ This guy is innocent , ” Liu said in a phone call to the state ’s former chief public defender , David Wymore .
“ We have to get him out . ”
Among the first steps they took : a motion to preserve all evidence in the case .
It was immediately opposed by the DA ’s office – the first of many motions from the DA ’s office to prevent the defense team ’s access to DNA testing .
“ There is no statutory duty to preserve evidence , ” the prosecution stressed in one petition .
Liu was exasperated : “ In the United States , in this day and age , you should n’t have to fight to preserve evidence in a homicide case . ”
Later , the defense team would learn that the two hairs found in Hettrick ’s footwear were missing , as well as the photos of the fingerprints .
Authorities also lost track of her bracelet , which may have been grabbed by the killer .
Fortunately , most of Hettrick ’s clothing was still in storage .
Wymore stressed that they must “ prosecute Master ’s innocence , ” which meant an aggressive attack on the conviction on every front , especially through advanced DNA testing that authorities had not exploited in 1999 .
The team kept digging .
And the magnitude of what Liu described as the miscarriage of justice against Masters hit home in a meeting with a Fort Collins obstetrician - gynecologist .
Liu showed Dr. Warren James the pictures of Hettrick ’s wounds .
A look of recognition crossed James ’ face .
He knew these cuttings .
“ Ms. Hettrick underwent a surgical procedure known as a partial vulvectomy , ” James told them .
The procedure , he said , requires a “ high degree of surgical skill and high - grade surgical instrument . ”
Moreover , it could n’t have been done without good lighting and placing Hettrick ’s legs in a frog position .
“ I find it highly unlikely that a 15 - year - old could perform this precise surgical procedure , ” James says .
He told The Denver Post that even he would have difficulty making these cuttings under the circumstances spelled out by Masters ’ prosecutors .
The implications of James ’ remarks were huge .
His assessment not only excluded Masters as the killer , it relocated the crime scene to a room with bright lighting .
Not only did Masters not have surgical training , he was too young to drive .
If known years ago , this information could have kept Masters out of prison .
It also could have led police to other suspects , including Hammond .
The clues were there : a July 29 , 1998 , Fort Collins police report shows that Allen , the medical examiner , called the wounds surgical .
The description came in a conversation with Broderick .
Then there was the strange fact that her body was so clean .
An expert later told the legal team that a “ sponge line ” appeared to run down the side of her body .
Her body was washed , says Barie Goetz , a former CBI lab director and noted crime - scene expert who joined the legal team .
Also , after Goetz and others tried to drag Liu , the same size as Hettrick , through the field , he came to believe that two people were involved in Hettrick ’s murder .
“ This person would have to be very strong to do it on his own , not the 110 - pound weakling that Tim was , ” Goetz says .
Meticulous DNA testing
Meanwhile , Wheeler persuaded Masters ’ legal team to hire two forensic scientists in the Netherlands , Richard and Selma Eikelenboom , known for their meticulous crime - scene analyses .
Their goals : to show that Masters ’ DNA was never on Hettrick and to identify the cellular makeup of the real killer by targeting spots on her clothing where he would have grabbed her , leaving skin , such as the inner band of her panties .
By mid-2005 , Liu and Wymore were filing a flurry of motions seeking access to evidence for testing in Larimer County District Court and attacking Masters ’ conviction on multiple levels , including how the police never disclosed that Hammond , police records show , was considered a possible suspect .
The DA , now Larry Abrahamson , and his deputy chief , Cliff Reidel , kept fighting the moves , saying the Masters team was n’t following proper procedures .
Throughout two years of legal dueling , CPA Marris and up to 30 Masters family members filled seats in the courtroom directly behind Liu and Wymore .
( Masters ’ dad died in the mid-1990s . )
On the opposite side , Broderick usually sat alone behind the prosecutors , holding trial exhibits and Masters ’ doodles .
Masters ’ first victory came in November .
Judge Joseph Weatherby sided with him , approving DNA testing in the Netherlands .
It came after Richard Eikelenboom took the stand to discuss the target points on Hettrick ’s clothing .
He said he would primarily use tape to try to retrieve the killer ’s cells , a method he preferred to cotton - tip swabbing , the predominant U.S. method .
In the absence of any state law or guidelines to manage the DNA test process , Weatherby stressed that both sides agree on a protocol .
But Abrahamson and Reidel went over the judge ’s head to the state Supreme Court to block the testing .
The high court refused to hear it .
In late November , excited about the prospect of finally sending Hettrick ’s clothing to the Netherlands , Wymore and Liu began focusing on other legal matters , including crafting a protocol for the DNA collection and testing .
“ Like an Oklahoma land grab ”
That same month , Liu opened an e-mail from Reidel , the deputy prosecutor , that she had missed days earlier .
In it , he mentioned that his office and the Fort Collins police were taking Hettrick ’s clothing to the CBI lab to attempt their own DNA collection .
The Masters team was incredulous .
After a year of opposing DNA testing , after Eikelenboom had described his own delicate collection strategies , after the judge ’s insistence on a protocol , they just grabbed the evidence and hauled it to CBI ?
Wymore exploded at the next hearing : “ They took the evidence out of this case , took it down to CBI and conducted God only knows what ?
In my opinion , destruction of the sample , destruction of the evidence .
As far as I ’m concerned , it ’s sort of like an Oklahoma land grab on the evidence . ”
Behind him , Masters ’ relatives buried their faces in their hands .
Reidel defended the move , saying the prosecution needed to retain some of the skin - cell evidence for its own testing .
He also cited a previous remark by the judge that the police always maintained the option of doing their own testing .
The judge corrected him , saying he did n’t authorize their move .
Moreover , a CBI analyst testified that she used cotton swabs – not tape – to try to collect skin cells from half of everything .
Aghast , the Masters team retreated to their offices to draft a series of motions for disqualifying the Larimer County DA ’s office from the case for “ deliberately attempting to destroy exculpatory evidence in violation of court orders ” and in violation of Masters ’ constitutional rights .
They also cited two years ’ worth of “ stonewalling , delaying and obstructing ” in order to preserve a conviction .
A court ruling would n’t be required .
In May , Abrahamson and Reidel agreed to step off the case , given the appearance of impropriety .
They denied doing anything improper .
Adams County DA Don Quick was assigned to take over .
About the same time , Masters ’ attorneys received a report back from Bevel , the prosecution ’s blood - spatter expert at trial .
Goetz had presented him with additional crime - scene photos of the body and bloodstains Bevel had never seen .
“ I have serious concerns and question why much of this information was not supplied to me for consideration , ” Bevel wrote , saying he believed , based on the additional information , that the crime took place at another location before the body was taken to the field .
High point in his career
Today , Broderick says he ’s 100 percent certain Masters is guilty .
He calls it a high point in his career , and he still talks about the things that gave him pause : Masters ’ statement about the difficulty of pulling a serrated knife from a body , the newspaper on his dresser next to his knife collection .
As for Hammond , there was no reason to investigate him for Hettrick ’s murder , Broderick says .
He contends that Wheeler and the Masters team are doing just what he ’s accused of – fitting facts to a hypothesis .
“ Where ’s the violence ?
Show me that pattern of violence , ” he says .
“ We searched ( Hammond ’s ) entire house , and there was nothing to link him to Hettrick ’s murder . ”
He concedes he may have made a mistake by not pursuing DNA skin- cell testing .
And he says he never talked to Allen about whether someone with surgical skill must have inflicted Hettrick ’s wounds .
“ I can assure you if Dr. Allen ’s finding was that only a surgeon could have made those cuttings , that would have been forensic information he would have certainly told us , ” Broderick says .
Allen has declined to comment to The Post .
Who destroyed Hammond ’s evidence ?
And why ?
“ I had a lot to do with that , ” Broderick says .
“ It was an ethical decision .
Should we re-victimize all these women by telling them they are victims ?
So it really was an effort to protect them , to preserve these victims ’ rights . ”
Overall , his investigation of Masters was “ not a railroad job . ”
It was simply a strong circumstantial case , he says .
A full genetic profile
Over the past five months , Richard Eikelenboom has tried to crack the DNA cryptogram that lines the surface of Hettrick ’s clothing , hoping that the CBI or the Fort Collins police did n’t destroy all the biological remnants .
He meticulously cut and taped more than 50 points on her clothing .
Throughout the process , no DNA profile of Masters appeared , says Goetz , who witnessed part of the process .
But Eikelenboom found his quarry in the interior lining of Hettrick ’s panties : the skin of an unknown man – a full genetic profile .
It ’s exactly where he and the Masters team predicted the killer ’s fingers would have curled .
The profile could be submitted – as agreed to by the new DA team – to the FBI ’s national DNA database for matches with archived sex offenders , and tested against Hammond ’s DNA , if any still exists .
“ God help us that we ’ve put an innocent person in prison for a crime he did n’t commit , ” says Krenning , who was told of the DNA results by The Post .
“ Even compounding that , we ’ve allowed a killer to go unscathed . ”
Staff writer Susan Greene and staff researcher Monnie Nilsson contributed to this report .
Staff writer Miles Moffeit can be reached at 303-954-1415 or mmoffeit@denverpost.com .
About the story
The Denver Post reviewed thousands of records linked to Tim Masters ’ conviction and monitored the largely unnoticed months - long battle over DNA testing and evidence preservation unfolding in a Larimer County courtroom .
Independent legal and scientific experts helped corroborate this story .
See crime - scene photos , Masters ’ police interrogations and hear from detectives on the case Sunday at 9 p.m. on My 20 and at 10 p.m. on 9 News .
Although the group explicitly condemns violence , Mr. Nawaz said buried in the literature is an ideology that inevitably leads to violence .
He wrote on his blog that he was “ duty - bound to redress the phenomenon of politically inspired theological interpretations . ”
He said he helped found Hizb ut - Tahrir in Pakistan when the group sent him there in 1999 , soon after Pakistan declared itself a nuclear state .
The leadership believed , he said , that a nuclear Pakistan was essential for the coming caliphate .
Over nine months , he formed a cell of 10 members in the area around Lahore .
He was so successful , he recalled , that he steered a regional commander of the terrorist outfit Lashkar - e - Taiba , a militant group that fights India over Kashmir , into his group .
The Pakistani government banned Hizb ut - Tahrir in Pakistan after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Image Maajid Nawaz was sentenced in Egypt for spreading the beliefs of Hizb ut - Tahrir .
Credit ... Brijesh Patel for The New York Times
In Denmark , where Mr. Nawaz traveled on weekends from Britain after his return from Pakistan , he said he recruited five Pakistani Danes into the group ’s first cell there .
In Britain , Mr. Nawaz was a familiar figure on the Islamic circuit , persuading university students in London to join up when he was at Newham College and later at the School of Oriental and African Studies .
One of the basic texts by the group ’s founder , Taqiuddin al - Nabhani , a Palestinian judge , said it was obligatory for Muslims to militarily overthrow “ every single Muslim government , then forcibly unite them into one military state even if it means killing millions of people , ” Mr. Nawaz said .
Such beliefs written in the early 1950s were , he said , an ideological corruption of Islam as a religion .
But Mr. Nawaz does not think the group should be banned , though he would like to help diminish its influence .
He says that he believes in a tolerant society and that he is too much of a liberal to call for the abolition of the group in Britain .
Mr. Nawaz is the product of a third - generation British Pakistani family .
His father recently retired as an oil engineer , and his mother works in a bank ; they live in Essex , a middle - class area south of London .
BitTorrent Inc launched their rebranded version of uTorrent as BitTorrent 6.0 .
The good news is that uTorrent and its community will not be replaced .
Not now , and not in the future .
The rebranded version of uTorrent looks just like the original uTorrent client , however , it now includes BitTorrent DNA .
Another significant change is the absence of the built in search for sites like Mininova , Torrentz and The PirateBay .
However , you can easily add those under options –> preferences .
Last year , when BitTorrent Inc acquired uTorrent , it was said that the client will continue to have its own website and community for a while .
Many expected that the launch of the rebranded uTorrent client as the mainline BitTorrent client would be the end of uTorrent , but this is not the case .
When we asked BitTorrent Inc CEO Ashwin Navin about the future of uTorrent and the uTorrent community he told us :
“ utorrent.com and uTorrent community will exist indefinitely .
It ’s vibrant and growing , and we value the feedback provided in the forums a lot .
It is not our plan to fold utorrent.com into bittorrent.com , but foster growth for both independently . ”
Great news , but some ( former ) uTorrent users will always have their doubts .
Ever since BitTorrent
Inc took over , a lot of rumors started popping up , and uTorrent was even banned from several private BitTorrent trackers .
Most people were afraid that uTorrent was sending data to the MPAA or other anti-piracy outfits .
These rumors were fueled by the fact that one of the uTorrent Beta releases was marked as a trojan by some anti-virus applications .
Here at TorrentFreak we looked into the suspicious behavior reported by some of our readers , but up until now we did not find any hard evidence to support these claims .
With Wireshark we tried to replicate the findings reported by some users several times , both on virtual machines and in use systems , but we did n’t find anything suspicious .
But I ’m sure this wo n’t comfort the really paranoid people among us .
ROME , Nov. 11 - A Vatican document would ban new priests who " present deeply rooted homosexual tendencies " but not exclude candidates who overcame any gay tendencies about four years before their final ordination , the Italian newspaper Il Giornale reported today .
The article presented the most detailed account yet , including direct quotations , of a document that has been in the works for a decade , one that has provoked heated debate on homosexuality in Catholic seminaries and , more widely , in the priesthood itself .
Even as the details are coming into closer focus , the newspaper printed only fragments of the document , an " instruction " to seminaries on homosexuality and the priesthood .
The final eight - page document , Il Giornale reported , will be released on Nov. 29 .
It remained unclear from the newspaper account exactly how restrictive the new rules would be .
But several experts , including both supporters and opponents of the new document , said tentatively that it appeared to make it harder even for celibate men who identify themselves as gay to become priests .
The Video Professor , who you may have had the privilege of seeing in late night infomercials , has n't been thrilled with online criticism of his billing methods .
In fact , he has sued infomercialscams.com , seeking to learn the identities of those who have " defamed " his company online .
Now , a California law firm plans to turn the tables on the good doctor .
Nassiri & Jung has launched vplitigation.com to respond to Video Professor 's attacks on critics .
The firm is trying to find some California residents who will be the targets of Video Professor 's legal action , assuming that VP does get access to the identity information it wants .
The lawyers are " seeking out defendants in the Video Professor suit " and are interested in " possibly representing one or more of those defendants free of charge . "
But wait , there 's more !
The firm is also looking into complaints about the company 's billing practices , which that have dogged the company for years .
Video Professor has been the subject of 615 Better Business Bureau complaints over the last 36 months , though it does appear that such complaints are quickly addressed .
Nassiri & Jung 's web site notes that VP has already settled a 2004 class action suit in California relating to alleged " sales and marketing misconduct , " and it sounds like the firm 's lawyers might be prepping another , similar case .
Committed to customer satisfaction
John Scherer , the Video Professor himself , has taken to his blog recently to swat down allegations that he is attempting to trample on the right to anonymous speech in criticism .
Here 's how he describes what his company is doing :
" A number of people have gone to web sites and anonymously posted less - than - flattering statements about their experiences with Video Professor .
I am simply trying to learn who these individuals are so that I can fix the problems they have had with my company .
I am committed to satisfying my customers and I will go to great lengths to make them happy , as we always have .
However , I can't help them if I do n't know who they are . "
That 's certainly an unusual level of dedication to customer service ; few companies file suit against customers they want to help .
Ah , but Scherer 's not done .
Perhaps these customers that he so badly wants to help are not , in fact , customers at all .
" If the posters are truly unhappy customers , I want to find out what made them unhappy , " he writes .
" Maybe they are n't customers ?
If so , I am committed to stopping them from writing false and damaging statements about my company for their own financial gain . "
Public Citizen , which is representing the man behind infomercialscams.com , said in a statement sent to Ars that it has learned " from former employees , and other sources , that Video Professor deliberately makes its exchanges with consumers confusing so that it can claim to have authorization for signing them up . "
The group has requested a raft of documents from Video Professor in support of this claim , so the VP lawsuit about defamation looks set to open up the whole can of worms about marketing tactics that has dogged the company for so long .
Infomercialscams , though it has not agreed to turn over the information on its anonymous posters , has sent those posters a letter notifying them that they are targets of the VP lawsuit .
The War Nerd September 21 , 2007 Lebanese Democracy : One Man , One Boom
By Gary Brecher Browse author Email
Browse column one of the funniest bombings since Reagan 's F - 111s sent a GBU straight at Khadafy 's daughter 's crib .
Once you know the name of the Lebanese politician who got flame - broiled a few days ago , you ought to be able to tell me who did it and why — if you 've been keeping up with your homework .
Clue : his first name was Antoine — full name Antoine Ghanim .
Now : whodunnit ?
Well , it was n't the Puerto Ricans .
C'mon , it 's not that hard .
If a Lebanese congress - critter is named Antoine , or some other Frenchy first name , he ’s a Maronite Christian .
If he 's a Christian , he 's probably ( not always but probably ) anti-Syrian .
And if he's an anti-Syrian Lebanese congress - critter , he 's probably shredded beef by now .
For the past few years anti-Syrian Lebanese have been having all sorts of nasty accidents , stepping into bullets like Pierre Gemayel ( see ? " Pierre " !
The name tells you everything ! ) or having their motorcades turned into confetti by superbomb like Rafik Hariri , the billionaire who was dumb enough to decide the best way to spend his wealth was to get involved in Lebanese politics -- and on the anti-Syrian side .
See , the Syrians are sly people .
Like I 've said before , their army is n't much — whenever the Israelis are feeling down they dream about having an excuse to fight the Syrians — but like a lot of cowards , the Syrians specialize in booby traps , backstabbings and proxy killings .
What I love is the way the Syrian PR service was online instantly condemning the " criminal act " of blowing up Antoine .
It 's almost like they had their official denial in hand before the bomb went off :
" President Assad is disgusted by this bombing which occurred — what 's that , Raheem ? — oh , sorry , my aide has just informed me that this regrettable bombing will not happen for another half - hour , so have some tea , my journalist friends , have some of our delicious Syrian coffee and come back after lunch , when I will have something to deny for you ! "
The Syrians can count , and they believe in democracy — in a way .
See , ol ' Antoine , before he went to Lebanese - Christian heaven ( which would be a place where South and West Beirut are always falling into the sea and the Beka 'a Valley has a major earthquake every ten minutes ) , he was an important vote for the anti-Syrian front that 's hanging on to power in Lebanon .
It 's like the graveyard scenes in old Western cartoons : you hear a shot and the sign on the graveyard goes " ding ! " and changes from " Gower Gulch , pop. 276 " to " ... pop. 275 . "
Now that Antoine 's gone , the anti-Syrians have only a two - vote majority .
And you have to wonder how long those other two votes are going to last .
Antoine was running scared himself ; he 'd stuffed his license plate in his trunk to fool his killers , whoever they were — coulda been anybody , Lacey Peterson 's husband or my own ex-congress - critter Gary Condit ( well , I was almost in his district ) .
I 'm not saying the Syrians did it !
I do n't want to have to run a mirror under the Subaru every day before leaving the duplex — but it sure does look that way .
I 've talked about Lebanon before , but just to go over the basics , it used to be part of " Greater Syria " and the Syrians , all Syrians from Ba'athist to monarchist , are still pissed off at the French for detaching it from Mother Syria and making it a western " Protectorate . "
Trust the French to grab the beachfront .
And remember , nothing pisses a country off more than somebody fencing off all the waterfront property .
Take Bolivia : they lost their coastline to Chile in a pretty interesting little war I 'll have to write about one of these days .
The Chilean navy coughed up a true hero , Capitan Arturo Prat .
An Englishman in his genes , which is probably why he took the ironclad Huascar with his wooden ship Esmerelda in one of the finest naval duels since John Paul Jones took the Serapis .
Pages : Previous 1 23 Next Print Share article
Your name :
Your e-mail : Friend 's e-mail : Message :
Send SHARE : Del.icio.us Digg My Web Facebook Reddit
Browse author Email Gary at war_nerd@exile.ru , but , more importantly , buy his book .
RELATED IN EXILE A Hezbollah Upon All of Thee ! by Gary Brecher
Gophers by TKO : Lessons from Lebanon by Gary Brecher
FROM THE VAULT
About 100 students at Boulder High School walked out after their first class this morning , to recite an alternative Pledge of Allegiance , in protest .
They object to hearing the phrase “ one nation , under God ” during the morning Pledge recitation , led over the school ’s public address system .
‘ We do n’t object to pledging to our country , but we do object to pledging to a religion , ” said Ashley Guesman , 17 , a protest organizer .
State law requires high schools to give students the opportunity to say the Pledge of Allegiance .
In past years , Boulder High allowed students to gather either at 7:15 a.m. or at lunchtime to recite it .
This year , a more formal arrangement was made , to broadcast the Pledge over the PA system at 8:30 a.m. , according to principal Bud Jenkins .
Jenkins said the old Pledge routine required an adminstrator to stop whatever he was doing at lunchtime to meet the kids .
At times , administrators would be too busy , and the kids would miss out .
This year , the recitation was made more organized and formal .
Jenkins , who ’s been principal for three years , graduated from Boulder High in 1971 , at a time when the pledge was not recited .
He said that this morning ’s protest was not disruptive , and that there would be no consequences for participants .
“ If the kids want to recite the Pledge , we respect that .
If they do n’t want to recite the Pledge , we respect that .
If they want to recite a different Pledge , I guess we need to respect that , ” he said .
“ This is not a cookie - cutter high school , ” he said .
“ These kids are experiencing the democratic process , and putting their ideas out to the community .
Nothing that happened today is anti-American .
Good for the kids .
I ’m proud that they follow the democratic process of telling the community about ideas they disagree with . ”
The Pledge recited by the student protesters today went as follows :
“ I pledge allegiance to the flag and my constitutional rights with which it comes .
And to the diversity in which our nation stands .
One nation , part of one planet , with liberty , freedom , choice and justice for all . ”
Participants said they hoped the daily PA system pledge would be dropped .
They said they ’d wait a week to see what happens , and then consider an alternative protest or another recitation of their alternative pledge .
Today ’s protest was organized by a group called Student Worker , described as an informal group committed to raising social awareness and change among their fellow students .
" Israel not only invaded Syrian airspace , but apparently tried to execute some sort of secret strategic operation , " said former Knesset Member Azmi Bishara in an article published on a Syrian website Monday .
Bishara , who fled Israel after he was suspected of aiding Hizbullah operatives during the Second Lebanon War , said he believed the Israeli Air Force attempted an attack on Syria and was not just trying to send a message .
" Israel counted on Syria opting to keep ( the invasion ) quiet , rather than admit it happened , " said Bishara .
" Based on ( Israel 's ) recent statements regarding Russia 's deployment in Syria , the purpose of the operation was apparently a strike on anti-aircraft missile facilities or on other ground targets .
" This could also have been an attempt to expose a breach in Syrian radar , allowing somehow to make way to Iran .
This , of course , was impossible without Turkey 's cooperation which the Israelis did n't seem to have .
Either that or Turkey was flustered when IAF fuel tanks were found in its territory , prompting it to ask for an official explanation .
Scoring military gain
" Without getting carried away , " continued Bishara , " this was a full blown aerial operation and we are treading on dangerous ground .
" We have to make sure Israel does n't start a war with Syria or Lebanon and there is still a chance it would try to strike against one of them , for the sake of scoring military gain , " he warned .
Earlier Monday , Ali Babacan , Turkish Foreign Minister , called Israel 's action " an unacceptable development " , adding " all countries in the region must show respect to all countries ' sovereignty and carefully avoid acts that lead to tensions . "
Tensions between Israel and Syria have been rising since Thursday , when in was discovered – according to Iranian news agency reports – that two IAF fighter jets breached Syrian airspace and were detected by the Syrian air defense system .
According a report by the Syrian military , aired on al - Jazeera television , the jets entered Syrian airspace from the north - east , breaking the sound barrier and dropping some sort of device , later found to be the fuel tanks .
" Syrian air defenses confronted the enemy planes , making them leave our airspace before causing any damage to people or property .
" Syria holds Israel solely responsible for this aggressive act and reserves the right to respond in due time , " said the report .
" The U.S. Army will soon test a six - wheeled , 20 - foot robot to see whether it can traverse rugged terrain , fire machine guns and carry
1,900 pounds of gear without soldiers remotely controlling its every move , " Defense News reports .
The two - and - a - half ton Multifunction Utility Logistics and Equipment ( MULE ) vehicle is seen as the ' bot that will travel with every light infantry company in the Army of ten - to - fifteen years ' hence .
( Of course , with robots being cut left and right from the Army 's future plans , you never can tell . )
" Designed to fly on a Black Hawk , the [ MULE ] will carry two 7.62 mm machine guns and two Javelin anti-tank missiles and feed camera data from its on - board sensors . "
Backers like Major David Byers , the MULE 's assistant program manager , see the machine as " the equivalent of [ a ] weapon squad .
You double the firepower without putting soldiers in harm ’s way . "
Carnegie Mellon University researchers are working on an even meaner , six - ton version .
But making the machine brawny is the easy part , really .
The tough thing is making the robot smart enough – and reliable enough – to operate on its own , more or less .
Today 's military robots on the ground are no more independent than a kid 's radio - controlled toy .
That 's what made the military 's robot rally across the Mojave such a big deal :
The robots actually drove , and navigated , on their own .
The MULE is supposed to pull off the same trick , using " an Autonomous
Navigation System ( ANS ) whose algorithms can direct its own course . "
Ben Goldacre
Saturday April 7 , 2007
The Guardian
It is possible to be very unlucky indeed .
A nurse called Lucia de Berk has been in prison for 5 years in Holland , convicted of 7 counts of murder and 3 of attempted murder .
An unusually large number of people died when she was on shift , and that , essentially , along with some very weak circumstantial evidence , is the substance of the case against her .
She has never confessed , but her trial has generated a small collection of theoretical papers in the statistics literature ( below ) , and a major government enquiry will report on her sentence in the next few weeks .
The judgement was largely based on a figure of “ one in 342 million against ” .
Now , even if we found errors in this figure â€ “ and we will â€ “ the figure itself would still be largely irrelevant .
Unlikely things do happen : somebody wins the lottery every week ; children are struck by lightning ; I have an extremely fit girlfriend .
It is only significant that something very specific and unlikely happens if you have specifically predicted it beforehand .
Here is an analogy .
Imagine I am standing near a large wooden barn with an enormous machine gun .
I place a blindfold over my eyes and â€ “ laughing maniacally â€ “ I fire off many thousands and thousands of bullets into the side of the barn .
I then drop the gun , walk over to the wall , examine it closely for some time , all over , pacing up and down : I find one spot where there are three bullet holes close to each other , and then I draw a target around them , announcing proudly that I am an excellent marksman .
You would , I think , disagree with both my methods and conclusions for that deduction .
But this is exactly what has happened in Lucia ’s case : the prosecutors have found 7 deaths , on one nurse ’s shifts , in one hospital , in one city , in one country , in the world , and then drawn a target around them .
A very similar thing happened with the Sally Clark cot death case .
Before you go to your data , with your statistical tool , you have to have a specific hypothesis to test .
If your hypothesis comes from analysing the data , then there is no sense in analysing the same data again to confirm it .
This is a rather complex , philosophical , mathematical form of circularity : but there were also very concrete forms of circular reasoning in the case .
To collect more data , the investigators went back to the wards to find more suspicious deaths .
But all the people who have been asked to remember ‘ suspicious incidents ’ know that they are being asked because Lucia may be a serial killer .
There is a high risk that “ incident was suspicious ” became synonymous with “ Lucia was present ” .
Some sudden deaths when Lucia was not present are not listed in the calculations : because they are in no way suspicious , because Lucia was not present .
“ We were asked to make a list of incidents that happened during or shortly after Lucia ’s shifts , ” said one hospital employee .
In this manner more patterns were unearthed , and so it became even more likely that investigators found more suspicious deaths on Lucia ’s shifts .
This is the stuff of nightmares .
Meanwhile , a huge amount of corollary statistical information was almost completely ignored .
In the three years before Lucia worked on the ward in question , there were 7 deaths .
In the three years that Lucia did work on that ward , there were 6 deaths .
It seems odd that the death rate should go down on a ward at the precise moment that a serial killer â€ “ on a killing spree â€ “ arrives on the scene .
In fact , if Lucia killed them all , then there must have been no natural deaths on that ward at all , in the 3 years that she worked there .
On the other hand , as they revealed at her trial , Lucia did like tarot .
And she does sound a bit weird in her private diary .
So she might have done it after all .
But the strangest crime of all is that the prosecution ’s statistician made a simple mathematical error to produce the figure of one in 342 million .
He combined individual statistical tests by multiplying p-values .
This bit ’s for the hardcore science nerds , and will be edited out by the paper , but I intend to write it anyway .
You do not just multiply p-values together , you weave them with a clever tool , like maybe “ Fisher ’s method for combination of independent p-values ” .
If you multiply p-values together , then harmless incidents rapidly become dangerously unlikely .
Let ’s say you worked in 20 hospitals , each with a harmless incident pattern : say p=0.5 .
If you multiply those harmless p-values , you end up with a final p-value of 0.5 to the power of 20 , which is p < 0.000001 , which is extremely , very , highly statistically significant .
With this mathematical error , if you change hospital a lot , you automatically become a suspect .
Have you worked in 20 hospitals ?
For god 's sake do n't tell the Dutch police if you have .
References :
Here 's a presentation to the UCL " Evidence " Group by Dutch statistician Peter Grunwald :
badscience.net/files/evidencehandout.PDF
Statistician Richard Gill ’s page on the case :
www.math.leidenuniv.nl/~gill/lucia.html
“ Elffersâ€™ [ court statistician ] method , and Elffersâ€™ mistake ”
www.math.leidenuniv.nl/~gill/elfferscorrected.pdf
The wikipedia page is excellent for the basic story :
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucia_de_Berk
arXiv pre-print
arxiv.org/PS_cache/math/pdf/0607/0607340v1.pdf
“ Lucia : Killed by Innocent Heterogeneity ”
www.math.leidenuniv.nl/~gill/hetero.pdf
And lastly – because he always got there first – Richard Feynman used an excellent example to illustrate this phenomenon of post hoc coincidence detection : “ You know , the most amazing thing happened to me tonight .
I was coming here , on the way to the lecture , and I came in through the parking lot .
And you wonâ€™t believe what happened .
I saw a car with the license plate ARW 357 .
Can you imagine ?
Of all the millions of license plates in the state , what was the chance that I would see that particular one tonight ?
Amazing … ”
oh , and note the very informative post below from Peter Grunwald .
www.badscience.net/?p=392#comment-12455
The brilliant officials are seen here inspecting a Ferrari 456 GT , worth $ 1.2 million in Thailand , soon to be worthless .
Yes , they will be using the bulldozer in the background to crush the car .
One last inspection ...
Bring on the bulldozer , there goes $ 1.2 million .
Well now , is n't that special .
A bulldozer on top of a Ferrari
The proud officials admire their " artwork " .
Meanwhile , millions of people go hungry in their country
Originally posted in The Independent .
Each time I lecture abroad on the Middle East , there is always someone in the audience – just one – whom I call the “ raver ” .
Apologies here to all the men and women who come to my talks with bright and pertinent questions – often quite humbling ones for me as a journalist – and which show that they understand the Middle East tragedy a lot better than the journalists who report it .
But the “ raver ” is real .
He has turned up in corporeal form in Stockholm and in Oxford , in Sao Paulo and in Yerevan , in Cairo , in Los Angeles and , in female form , in Barcelona .
No matter the country , there will always be a “ raver ” .
His – or her – question goes like this .
Why , if you believe you ’re a free journalist , do n’t you report what you really know about 9/11 ?
Why do n’t you tell the truth – that the Bush administration ( or the CIA or Mossad , you name it ) blew up the twin towers ?
Why do n’t you reveal the secrets behind 9/11 ?
The assumption in each case is that Fisk knows – that Fisk has an absolute concrete , copper - bottomed fact - filled desk containing final proof of what “ all the world knows ” ( that usually is the phrase ) – who destroyed the twin towers .
Sometimes the “ raver ” is clearly distressed .
One man in Cork screamed his question at me , and then – the moment I suggested that his version of the plot was a bit odd – left the hall , shouting abuse and kicking over chairs .
Usually , I have tried to tell the “ truth ” ; that while there are unanswered questions about 9/11 , I am the Middle East correspondent of The Independent , not the conspiracy correspondent ; that I have quite enough real plots on my hands in Lebanon , Iraq , Syria , Iran , the Gulf , etc , to worry about imaginary ones in Manhattan .
My final argument – a clincher , in my view – is that the Bush administration has screwed up everything – militarily , politically diplomatically – it has tried to do in the Middle East ; so how on earth could it successfully bring off the international crimes against humanity in the United States on 11 September 2001 ?
Well , I still hold to that view .
Any military which can claim – as the Americans did two days ago – that al - Qaida is on the run is not capable of carrying out anything on the scale of 9/11 .
“ We disrupted al - Qaida , causing them to run , ” Colonel David Sutherland said of the preposterously code - named “ Operation Lightning Hammer ” in Iraq ’s Diyala province .
“ Their fear of facing our forces proves the terrorists know there is no safe haven for them . ”
And more of the same , all of it untrue .
Within hours , al - Qaida attacked Baquba in battalion strength and slaughtered all the local sheikhs who had thrown in their hand with the Americans .
It reminds me of Vietnam , the war which George Bush watched from the skies over Texas – which may account for why he this week mixed up the end of the Vietnam war with the genocide in a different country called Cambodia , whose population was eventually rescued by the same Vietnamese whom Mr Bush ’s more courageous colleagues had been fighting all along .
But – here we go .
I am increasingly troubled at the inconsistencies in the official narrative of 9/11 .
It ’s not just the obvious non sequiturs : where are the aircraft parts ( engines , etc ) from the attack on the Pentagon ?
Why have the officials involved in the United 93 flight ( which crashed in Pennsylvania ) been muzzled ?
Why did flight 93 ’s debris spread over miles when it was supposed to have crashed in one piece in a field ?
Again , I ’m not talking about the crazed “ research ” of David Icke ’s Alice in Wonderland and the World Trade Center Disaster – which should send any sane man back to reading the telephone directory .
I am talking about scientific issues .
If it is true , for example , that kerosene burns at 820C under optimum conditions , how come the steel beams of the twin towers – whose melting point is supposed to be about 1,480C – would snap through at the same time ?
( They collapsed in 8.1 and 10 seconds . )
What about the third tower – the so - called World Trade Centre Building 7 ( or the Salmon Brothers Building ) – which collapsed in 6.6 seconds in its own footprint at 5.20 pm on 11 September ?
Why did it so neatly fall to the ground when no aircraft had hit it ?
The American National Institute of Standards and Technology was instructed to analyse the cause of the destruction of all three buildings .
They have not yet reported on WTC 7 .
Two prominent American professors of mechanical engineering – very definitely not in the “ raver ” bracket – are now legally challenging the terms of reference of this final report on the grounds that it could be “ fraudulent or deceptive ” .
Journalistically , there were many odd things about 9/11 .
Initial reports of reporters that they heard “ explosions ” in the towers – which could well have been the beams cracking – are easy to dismiss .
Less so the report that the body of a female air crew member was found in a Manhattan street with her hands bound .
OK , so let ’s claim that was just hearsay reporting at the time , just as the CIA ’s list of Arab suicide - hijackers , which included three men who were – and still are – very much alive and living in the Middle East , was an initial intelligence error .
But what about the weird letter allegedly written by Mohamed Atta , the Egyptian hijacker - murderer with the spooky face , whose “ Islamic ” advice to his gruesome comrades – released by the CIA – mystified every Muslim friend I know in the Middle East ?
Atta mentioned his family – which no Muslim , however ill - taught , would be likely to include in such a prayer .
He reminds his comrades - in - murder to say the first Muslim prayer of the day and then goes on to quote from it .
But no Muslim would need such a reminder – let alone expect the text of the “ Fajr ” prayer to be included in Atta ’s letter .
Let me repeat .
I am not a conspiracy theorist .
Spare me the ravers .
Spare me the plots .
But like everyone else , I would like to know the full story of 9/11 , not least because it was the trigger for the whole lunatic , meretricious “ war on terror ” which has led us to disaster in Iraq and Afghanistan and in much of the Middle East .
Bush ’s happily departed adviser Karl Rove once said that “ we ’re an empire now – we create our own reality ” .
True ?
At least tell us .
It would stop people kicking over chairs .
The corpses of James Brown , Anna Nicole Smith and Saddam Hussein were voyeuristic spectacles for a public greedy for a last look at celebrity lives , according to an academic speaking at the Death , dying & disposal conference organised by the University of Bath today .
Despite a lasting taboo over the ‘ everyday ’ dead of war and disaster , celebrity corpses have come to feed contemporary popular culture ’s obsession with the cadaver of forensic investigation .
In 2006 , this included :
The dead body of Anna Nicole Smith , Playboy model and reality TV star , which required 24 hour protection from the media in a Florida coroner ’s freezer , and whose lurid sexualization constitutes “ corpse porn . ’ ”
The open casket of James Brown , godfather of soul , which ‘ performed ’ in a funeral stage show .
The execution of Saddam Hussein which was broadcast via YouTube within hours of his death .
Continued interest in the death of Princess Diana and photographs of her dead body .
A television documentary which claimed to feature the bones of Jesus , one of the first ‘ celebrity ’ corpses .
“ Forensic investigation came to the fore in each of these prominent cases , ” said Professor Jacque Lynn Foltyn from the National University , California ( USA ) .
“ Forensic science was used as an entertainment commodity as well as for legitimate reasons of establishing personal identity , paternity or maternity .
“ It also fed popular culture ’s obsession with dissection , decay and DNA .
These seemingly separate media events created a series of overlapping , sometimes preposterous , narratives about the disfigured , dissected and displayed remains of the famous , legendary and possibly divine .
“ The celebrity corpse is a voyeuristic spectacle in the infotainment era .
But whilst the public are greedy for a last look at celebrity corpses , there remains a taboo over the everyday human dead of war and disaster .
” Efforts to prevent the coffins of troops returning from Iraq being seen on television mean that we are more likely to see celebrity corpses than the caskets of dead soldiers . ”
" He did it , apparently , as part of a deal cut with Howard .
" I kept thinking : this is the sort of thing that used to go on behind the Iron Curtain , not in America .
" And then it struck me how much this entire process had disintegrated into a political charade .
" It 's demoralising for all of us . "
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said this afternoon that while Mr Howard did discuss the case of David Hicks with US Vice - President Dick Cheney , there was no secret deal .
Mr Downer said the Australian Government had long pressed the US to finalise the Hicks case , and Mr Howard discussed it with Mr Cheney when he visited Australia a month before the March 27 plea deal .
But he rejected claims of a political fix .
" You can only do a plea bargain , of course , with the accused , '' he told ABC radio .
" Dick Cheney could n't do a plea bargain , or I do a plea bargain with Defence Secretary ( Robert ) Gates , or whatever .
No , that is not how it works .
It has to be done by the prosecution with the defendant .
And that was what happened . ''
Harper 's magazine , launched in 1850 , is the second oldest continuously published monthly magazine in the US .
The contributor 's article was published on the magazine 's website yesterday .
Hicks , 32 , is due to be released from Adelaide 's Yatala Prison at the end of the year after agreeing to a deal in March .
In return for a nine - month prison sentence in Australia , the deal required Hicks to plead guilty to a charge of providing material support for terrorism .
A month before the plea deal , Cheney visited Australia and Hicks , who had been incarcerated at the US military prison facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , for five years , was a raging issue in Australian politics .
Hicks ' plea deal surprised observers at Guantanamo for his trial because it was not negotiated by US Colonel Morris Davis , the chief prosecutor for Hicks ' military commission , but by the commission 's convening authority , Susan J Crawford , a former top official of Cheney 's Defence Department staff .
Mr Howard , after the deal was announced , denied involvement in the plea bargain .
" We did n't impose the sentence - the sentence was imposed by the military commission and the plea bargain was worked out between the military prosecution and Mr Hicks ' lawyers , " Mr Howard said on March 31 .
After the plea deal was made public , Australian Greens leader Bob Brown said : " The message has gone very clearly from Canberra to Washington to Guantanamo Bay : do n't allow Hicks to be released until after the elections and certainly do n't allow him to speak " .
Mr Howard rejected this too .
" And the suggestion from ( Greens leader ) Senator Brown that it has something to do with the Australian elections is absurd , " Mr Howard said at the time .
AAP
On Countdown , Keith Olbermann talks about the startling and deeply disturbing assertions that the Office of the Vice President is making regarding oversight .
Download Download
The Gavel :
The Oversight Committee has learned that over the objections of the National Archives , Vice President Cheney exempted his office from the presidential order that establishes government - wide procedures for safeguarding classified national security information .
The Vice President asserts that his office is not an " entity within the executive branch . " [..]
In his letter to the Vice President , Chairman Waxman writes : " I question both the legality and wisdom of your actions .
... [ I ]t would appear particularly irresponsible to give an office with your history of security breaches an exemption from the safeguards that apply to all other executive branch officials . "
SilentPatriot :
There may be a bright side to this :
If Cheney wants to assert that his office is not an " entity within the executive branch , " that means he 's not entitled to executive privilege , right ?
I want those energy task force minutes !!
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Vice President Dick Cheney had at one point considered asking Israel to launch limited missile strikes at an Iranian nuclear site to provoke a retaliation , Newsweek magazine reported on Sunday .
The news comes amid reports that Israel launched an air strike against Syria this month over a suspected nuclear site .
Citing two unidentified sources , Newsweek said former Cheney Middle East adviser David Wurmser told a small group several months ago that Cheney was considering asking Israel to strike the Iranian nuclear site at Natanz .
A military response by Iran could give Washington an excuse to then launch airstrikes of its own , Newsweek said .
Wurmser ’s wife , Meyrav Wurmser of the neoconservative Hudson Institute think tank , told Newsweek the claims were untrue .
Wurmser left Cheney ’s office last month , the magazine reported .
The steady departure of neoconservative hawks from the administration has also helped tilt the balance against war , it said .
Washington has been pursuing diplomatic efforts to persuade Iran to alter its nuclear program .
It has refused to take military options off the table , even U.S. resources are taxed by having 169,000 troops in Iraq .
Although some intelligence sources say Iran is years away from nuclear capability , Israel believes that military action may be necessary as early as 2008 , Newsweek said .
Israel has declined to comment on the reported air strike , while Syria has denied receiving North Korean nuclear aid and said it could retaliate for the September 6 violation of its territory .
It ’s patently absurd
August 27 , 2007 at 3:00 am thinkingshift
Did you know that in 1997 a company in Texas , USA managed to get a patent for basmati rice , which meant that it would get a royalty payment when anyone else sold rice by that name ?
Or that two US University researchers were granted a patent for turmeric as a wound healing medicinal plant ?
Or that a staple food crop of the Andes – quinoa - is the subject of US patent 5,304,718 because two professors from Colorado State University are seeking to patent traditional quinoa variety , Apelawa ?
Now , basmati rice and turmeric are simply part of the ancient cultural heritage of India and in the case of turmeric , its use is part of a complex web of indigenous medical knowledge .
And quinoa ( pronounced keen - wa and very tasty BTW ) is a grain – the so - called Mother Grain of the Inca civilisation – that has a 5,000 year history .
But Western corporations and people seeking a fortune through patents increasingly raid the medicine chest of Indian and South American culture .
The ridiculous patent on basmati rice was revoked in 2001 by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office after the Indian Government was forced to cough up 50,000 pages of evidence to show that the basmati rice grown for centuries in India was one and the same thing as the rice the Texas company had patented .
This case highlights how patents are being filed for combative business purposes , rather than encouraging creativity or inventors .
The problem with patents is that to check the validity of a claim , patent offices need to have access to and examine documentation relating to the claim and examine patents of the same kind .
In Western countries , this means checking out journals , databases etc and does not encompass folklore or oral traditions .
But clearly when ancient knowledge is buried in poems , literature and music , patent offices have a difficult time accessing the information they need to grant the patent and indigenous knowledge is vulnerable to exploitation .
Under British colonial rule , India ’s cultural heritage and medicinal knowledge languished .
Ancient plant - based remedies and information about herbs and plants were enshrined in the three main healing traditions of India : Ayurvedic , Unani and Siddha .
Celebrating the colourful diversity of India ’s history and culture , remedies are often found in old poems and in languages such as Tamil , Urdu , Arabic , Persian and Sanskrit .
Traditional medical knowledge was shared and transferred orally via stories , poems , music and so on .
Without a single source or library for Indian expert knowledge , the West can freely plunder .
But NewsHour reports on the Indian Government ’s efforts to protect and preserve medical knowledge against the onslaught of recent patents against time - honoured yoga positions .
The Traditional Knowledge Digital Library ( TKDL ) project was established in 2002 and aims to digitise 5,000 years of ancient texts , manuscripts and traditional formulas in Hindi and English ( and later French , Spanish and Japanese ) .
Costing $ 2 million , approximately 30 million pages of medical knowledge will be digitised and made available as an electronic encyclopedia by the end of 2007 .
Photos , drawings of plants and scans of original texts will be included .
This is a great initiative by the Indian Government and patent offices will be able to access TKDL to check for existing knowledge in artistic or musical form before granting a patent .
At least 150,000 plant - based remedies will be digitised and you can imagine the wealth of indigenous knowledge suddenly available , which could lead to new , natural drugs and herbal remedies .
1500 asanas ( yoga postions and postures ) will be digitally preserved .
Hopefully , it will block bio-piracy as traditional knowledge will now be in the public domain and so we wo n’t see another company try to patent turmeric or basmati rice .
The Indian Government has waged long battles to have patents revoked : a two year struggle against the turmeric patent and a ten year tussle to revoke a patent on the neem tree .
I ca n’t recall where I recently read too that the Government is slugging it out over the claims of an Indian chap living in the US who has or is trying to patent traditional yoga postures .
Really , how absurb is that !
And according to BBC News , of the 5,000 patents awarded by the US Patent Office on medical plants up to 2000 , 80 % of the plants originated in India .
And approximately 70 % of people living in India use traditional remedies as primary health care .
A patent grants a property right to whoever holds the patent and therefore excludes anyone else the right to make , use or sell the invention .
Just think about how Western companies or individuals could literally hold to ransom people who have for thousands of years used traditional remedies .
And if you think that could n’t happen , read up on the Monsanto vs Schmeiser case ( a Canadian farmer was pummelled by a biotechnology giant for infringing the company ’s patent because he was allegedly growing a special kind of GM modified canola without a licence ) .
Thinking
Shift has a number of readers from India , so if anyone knows more about this exciting project or others that preserve traditional knowledge , feel free to leave a comment .
I do know of the Honeybee network in India – where students and teachers gather indigenous knowledge from communities .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : India , Knowledge Management , Patents .
War on Terror
Title : Qaeda Goes Dark After a U.S. Slip ( ABC leak damage )
Source : Sun
URL Source : http://www.nysun.com/article/64163
Published : Oct 9 , 2007
Author : Eli Lake
Post Date : 2007-10-09 05:37:03 by out damned spot
Comments : 23
GazetteExtra.com — The Walworth County Democratic Party has once again unanimously voted to impeach President George Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
At a meeting in Sharon Thursday night , the 200 - member group voted to recommend “ prompt commencement ” of impeachment proceedings by the United State House of Representatives .
Party chairman Mark Pienkos will forward the party ’s decision to the offices of Wisconsin senators Herb Kohl and Russ Feingold , as well as house representatives .
( More )
Send your House Representatives Do-It - Yourself Impeachment to help initiate the impeachment process !
“ [ Palast ] said you won the 2004 election – is n't that amazing ?
There were multiple reports of disenfranchising of Black voters on the day of the election in 2004 in Florida and Ohio . …
How could you concede the election on the day ? ”
by Greg Palast
See the video
We warned you : ‘ Armed Madhouse ' is a dangerous book .
Yesterday , Andrew Meyer , a University of Florida student was attacked by five cops , zapped with tasers and arrested after demanding that Senator John Kerry answer the question .
Meyer , just released from jail and now facing five years in prison for resisting arrest , held up a copy of the book and began …
Student to John Kerry : “ I want to recommend a book to you .
It 's called ‘ Armed Madhouse by Greg Palast . '
He 's the top investigative journalist in America . ”
Kerry : “ I have the book .
I 've already read it . ”
Student : “…
In this book , it says there were 5 million votes and you won the election .
…
How could you concede the election on the day ? ”
Meyer , a telecommunications student at the Gainesville campus , asked related questions including a query as to why Kerry refused to vote for impeachment .
When he passed his alloted one minute mic time , five cops jumped him , threw him to the ground , then shot him with taser shockers .
Kerry , true to character , stood immobile .
Now , I 've given many talks .
And some questioners have taken too long at the mic .
But I 've never done the Stalin thing of cops and electronic beating to limit the discussion .
( Yes , it 's true that Randi Rhodes recently threatened me with a taser when I 've monopolized the mic in her studio . )
The Washington Post reported only that Meyer was holding a “ mysterious yellow book . ” VERY mysterious .
[ Read the excerpt ]
I would note that enchained student was busted in Alachua County , Florida , where , six years ago , I uncovered massive , systematic and utterly illegal disenfranchisement of Black voters – ordered by Gov. Jeb Bush 's office just before the 2000 election .
( “ Florida 's Disappeared Voters , ” February 2001 , The Nation . )
Alachua remains under federal scrutiny for its long history of racial bias against Black voters .
I must admit I feel some appreciation for Meyer , especially because , even while he was being shot with untold amps of electricity , until he was handcuffed , he would not let go of his mysterious yellow book , ‘ Armed Madhouse . '
Hear the update live tonight on the new “ Palast Report ” on Air America Radio .
The Palast Report will now broadcast every Tuesday night , at 8 pm Eastern , on Richard Greene 's new weeknight show , “ Clout . ”
And get America 's most SHOCKING book , the New York Times bestseller , Armed Madhouse : From Baghdad to New Orleans ( Penguin 2007 ) .
Subscribe to Palast 's writings and view his investigative reports for BBC Television 's Newsnight , at www.GregPalast.com.
Read the excerpt from Armed Madhouse that Andrew Meyer got arrested for mentioning here .
A squirrel is seen in St. James Park in London in this May 2 , 2007 file photo .
An aggressive squirrel attacked and injured three people in a German town before a 72 - year - old pensioner dispatched the rampaging animal with his crutch .
REUTERS / Alessia Pierdomenico
BERLIN ( Reuters ) -
An aggressive squirrel attacked and injured three people in a German town before a 72 - year - old pensioner dispatched the rampaging animal with his crutch .
The squirrel first ran into a house in the southern town of Passau , leapt from behind on a 70 - year - old woman , and sank its teeth into her hand , a local police spokesman said Thursday .
With the squirrel still hanging from her hand , the woman ran onto the street in panic , where she managed to shake it off .
The animal then entered a building site and jumped on a construction worker , injuring him on the hand and arm , before he managed to fight it off with a measuring pole .
“ After that , the squirrel went into the 72 - year - old man ’s garden and massively attacked him on the arms , hand and thigh , ” the spokesman said .
“ Then he killed it with his crutch . ”
The spokesman said experts thought the attack may have been linked to the mating season or because the squirrel was ill .
Roads without cars
Many years ago I took a meandering 5,000 mile bike ride across the US , from San Francisco to New York via Idaho and Texas .
I rode back roads all the way and it was a highlight of my life .
But this long bike ride would have been 100 times better if I did not have to share the road with careless drivers , overloaded pickups , and logging trucks , not to mention suicidal teens in hot rods .
Would n’t it be great if there were long - distance trails specifically for bicycles ?
Basically — roads without cars ?
Well , there are !
A quickly emerging network of abandoned railway lines are being converted by regional governments into superb bike paths .
In addition to offering very gentle grades that are ideal for bikes , many of these new trails are satisfying long .
The longest rail trail is over 300 miles long , and the longest off - pavement bike trail in the country stretches 2,500 miles .
On these bike roads you can cruise along for weeks without ever encountering a car , or worrying about being bumped off the white line by an oblivious motorist .
These are not paved roads , but packed gravel or dirt .
Many sport spectacular tunnels and bridges courtesy of the former railways .
At the same time these trails pass through small towns affording local eateries and rural lodging , as well as the usual camping spots along the way .
I tell you , there ’s nothing like arriving at the soft pillows of a B &B after a long day of pedaling .
Many of these trails did not exist as bike paths even a few years ago .
More are being opened every day .
There ’s great effort to sew short sections together into long haul bike - primary paths .
Eventually you will be able to cross the country via a series of interconnected car - free roads .
In the meantime , the clearinghouse for the latest additions to the bike - road network is the Rail to Trails Conservancy .
But you do n’t have to wait to enjoy some fantastic overnight tours on roads without cars .
Here are six of the longest continuous bike trails in operation right now , in ascending order of length .
— KK
John Wayne Pioneer Trail — 113 miles
While this trail officially transects Washington state , only 113 miles of the final 200 mile trail have been developed ( by 2007 ) and are presently open .
You can get several overnights out of it .
Great diversity of terrain : unshaded , dry sagebrush in east , glacial valleys and ranchlands in the west .
Hard gravel .
Biker / hiker camps .
Best source for update info for bikers is from Jennifer ’s List of Bike Trails .
For mile by mile descriptions of the trail try Spokane Outdoors .
**********************
Cowboy Trail — 195 miles
A nice leisurely 5 - day trip passing through the small towns every 15 miles on the Nebraska prairie .
( The trail is currently being extended to over 300 miles . )
Crushed limestone , 200 wooden bridges .
Food , lodging , lush grass and flat terrain in abundance .
Check the official Nebraska Parks site for current info .
**********************
Katy Trail — 264 miles
This bike trail which mostly parallels the Missouri River is a Missouri state park unto itself .
It ’s generally flat and very civilized .
There are loads of B& Bs , wineries , and historical sites , and bike support .
The path is part of Lewis and Clarke ’s trail .
This well - love week - long trail has its own website , BikeKatyTrail , for the best info .
**********************
Kettle Valley Rail Trail — 280 miles
Located in lower British Columbia , the big attraction here are the stunning trestle bridges , long tunnels , and mountain scenery glimpsed from an easy grade that never exceeds 2.2 % .
( Many of the trestles were destroyed in a forest fire in 2003 but are being rebuilt .
The photo shows a rebuilt trestle . )
Ten days is a easy decent trip .
Most current cycling info can be found at Cycling the KVR .
Mile by mile log of the trail is at Trailness .
**********************
GAP / C&O — 335 miles
Running along the former towpath of the C&O canal this well - traveled path crosses the hills of Appalachia .
The Greater Allegheny Passage / C&O trail is unique among bike paths because it begins and ends in a big city .
Imagine it :
You can ride from downtown Washington , DC to downtown Pittsburg , PA without encountering automobiles along the way !
The big city endpoints make logistics a little easier , too .
And of course the multi- week trip runs through tons of historical places .
The official GAP site and corresponding official C&O sites are best for updates .
Best biker info can be had at Bike Washington .
**********************
Great Divide Mountain Bike Route — 2,500 miles
Unlike the other five trails , this one is not flat .
Anything but .
The Great Divide Route is 2,500 miles of rough fire roads that cross summits of the Continental Divide 27 times , earning you over 200,000 feet in changed elevation .
The entire trail stretches from Canada to Mexico .
It will take an ordinary human 3 months to complete .
But unlike any other transnational trail in North America you wo n’t be squeezed by cars as you ride from border to border .
It ’s a remote trail , in wilderness , with few amenities .
Think of it as the Appalachian Trail for bicycles .
Adventure Cycling has the best info on this dream .
If you know of any long haul bike trails greater than 200 miles that I have missed , please let me know and I ’ll add them to the list .
A hysterectomy performed on a severely disabled American child to keep her sexually immature and comfortable was illegal , an investigation found on Tuesday .
Ashley ’s parents ensured their daughter received hormones to keep her small , as well as surgery to remove her breast buds and uterus to prevent her from maturing sexually ( see Forever young : Operating in whose interest ? ) .
However , the hysterectomy was carried out without the necessary court order , according to the Washington Protection and Advocacy System ( WPAS ) , a government - funded agency that advocates for and protects the disabled in Washington state , US .
The WPAS report , issued on 8 May , says that the advice Ashley ’s parents received from their lawyer – that a court order allowing her hysterectomy was not needed because sterilisation was not the primary objective of the procedure – was incorrect .
Doctors mistakenly relied upon the lawyer ’s letter as adequate court review , the report says .
Advertisement
Slippery slope
Seattle Children ’s Hospital , where the procedure was performed in 2004 , has agreed to a number of measures in response , including adding a disability rights advocate as a permanent member of the ethics committee .
The hospital will now require court orders in advance of any future sterilisations or growth attenuation procedures on disabled children .
“ This was an internal miscommunication which resulted in a violation of the law , and for that we take full responsibility , ” says hospital medical director David Fisher , although he stands by hospital ’s decision to treat Ashley ’s specific circumstances .
“ I wish we had gotten a court order for the hysterectomy , ” says paediatrician and bioethicist Douglas Diekema who initiated the hospital ethics committee review of Ashley ’s case .
However , he worries that the hospital ’s agreement to seek a court order in the future for any growth attenuation treatment of a disabled child creates its own slippery slope , which could lead to court order requirements for more common procedures .
“ You ’ll have a hard time convincing me that a single judge can make a decision that is somehow more nuanced and less biased than what a whole ethics committee can do . ”
Who benefits ?
Although the case has proved controversial , Ashley ’s parents insist that they are keeping their daughter small and immature for her benefit – to enhance her quality of life while they continue to care for her at home .
The case attracted limited public attention in October 2006 , when the doctors involved published details of her treatment and the decision - making process behind it in the journal Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine .
However , it was not until Ashley ’s parents went public and posted their experiences on a blog in January 2007 that greater attention was drawn to it .
Journal reference : Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine ( vol 160 , p 1013 )
Sitting on a train yesterday , I wondered what would be the first to slide off the side of my plate when we span around the first bend .
Only we never seemed to round any corners .
I was on the inaugural Eurostar train from Brussels to London St Pancras , and it was n't how I imagined it would be at all .
Joining railway connoisseurs and TV crews to sample a taste of the future on the new service - which is all about speed – I 'd envisaged the train hurtling along at full pelt , knocking both minutes off the journey time and my lobster medallion into the Belgian chocolate mousse .
The reality , then , was much more serene and glamorous .
I 'd started the day in Eurostar 's smart business lounge in Brussels .
As with the company 's other lounges in Waterloo and Paris , it was designed by Philippe Starck who was once earmarked for sprucing up Eurostar 's carriage interiors .
Sadly , the idea was ditched in favour of in - house designs , and the carriages are now looking their age after a decade of service .
After a champagne reception on the platform , we left at 11.06 am on the dot , stopwatches at the ready .
I was anticipating a leap to hyper speed , but the acceleration was so smooth I could hardly tell when we were moving through the gears .
Soon we were travelling at 186 mph - the sort of speeds Lamborghinis would be proud of and 50 % quicker than the next fastest train in the UK - but I did n't spill any drink and the cutlery did n't move an inch .
The food was also first class .
Eurostar 's traditional menu is far more like restaurant service than plane food .
The menu varies , but typically for lunch there 's a choice of roast beef or fillet of pollack , which you can wash down with Bordeaux wines .
They like to keep things local .
We reached the Channel Tunnel in one hour 13 minutes and emerged on to British soil to link up with the new high - speed track .
The line is dedicated to Eurostar trains only , so we did n't have to worry about the usual bugbear of being held up by the slow commuter trains going into London .
As we crossed Kent I expected to grind down the gears , but it was top speed all the way and the countryside flashed past as we hurtled towards the chequered flag , passing under the Thames , Dartford Bridge and the M25 , then across Rainham marshes and finally through the tunnels of east London .
We came in to St Pancras at 11.49 am having covered the 232 miles from Brussels in one hour 43 minutes - eight minutes ahead of schedule and over half an hour quicker than it would have taken on the old line .
The most impressive part of the journey though was arriving at the magnificent new terminal building at St Pancras .
Enormous blue ironwork arches and 18,000 individual panes of glass cover the ceiling and give the whole building a sense of space , light , precision and grandeur .
And that 's just the " train shed " .
When the new terminal opens on November 14 , alongside the platform there 'll be a " Rendezvous Zone " , which will be home to a 95 metre- long champagne bar – Europe 's longest .
It will be open to all - curious visitors as well as the day 's train travellers – with a window on to the platform .
According to Ben Ruse from London and Continental Railways , the company behind the renovation of St Pancras , the idea is to reinvigorate the station as a meeting place , as it was in Victorian times .
So they 've commissioned a nine metre - high bronze sculpture of a couple embracing under the station clock , and the bar will serve oysters and a range of champagnes to get everyone in the mood .
There will also be a " world - class " restaurant , gastro pub , shops and eventually a farmers ' market downstairs .
When we arrived into St Pancras , security was tight .
Some £ 5.8 bn has been spent on the new high speed line .
Unlike the inaugural Paris to London trip last month , the two - hour barrier was smashed easily , and a new record was set for the fastest journey time from Brussels to London .
When this was announced over the tannoy by a beaming Eurostar chairman , a jazz band started up and the TV crews surged into action .
I left the terminal with a group of train buffs and looked back at the triumphant scene .
" Eurostar , " I said cheerfully , " you 're a star . "
No one laughed .
They were already on their way out of the exit and into the heart of London , early .
Bomb Iran , majority of Americans says in new poll Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday October 30 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Despite President Bush 's perpetually abysmal approval ratings , it appears his increasingly hostile rhetoric against Iran has drummed up enough fear of a " nuclear holocaust " or a World War III that a majority of Americans are in favor of a US strike against the country aimed a curtailing its apparent nuclear ambitions , a new poll shows .
The Zogby International survey shows 52 percent of Americans would support a strike on Iran , while 53 percent expect President Bush to launch such an attack before the end of his second term .
Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton is voters ' No. 1 choice to deal with Iran , with 21 percent saying they would like to see her take on Tehran from the White House .
Republican Rudy Giuliani was voters ' second choice , with 15 percent .
Just 29 percent of Americans think the US should not attack Iran , with one in five people unsure about military action .
Of those who would support a strike , 28 percent believe military action should wait until the next president is in office , while 23 percent want to see Bush let lose US missiles against Iran .
The poll results were viewed with a " Here we go again " attitude from bloggers chagrined at the apparent lack of lessons learned by Americans as the war launched against another hostile Middle Eastern regime stretches towards its fifth year .
" It is utterly stunning that , after the great difficulties we have clearly faced in Iraq ( a situation far from finished , by the way ) , that an absolute majority would favor a strike on Iran at this time , " writes Dr. Steven Taylor at PoliBlog .
" Even if we assume that the die - hard 25 % - 30 % who still approve of the way the President is doing his job also are in favor of such a strike , where do the other 27 % - 22 % come from to get the pro-strike total to 52 % ? "
The support for an Iranian strike coincides with substantial fears of further terrorist attacks demonstrated in the Zogby poll .
More than two - thirds of Americans ( 68 percent ) believe another terrorist attack is likely on US soil and nearly one - in three believe such a strike will come before 2010 .
Polls conducted prior to the invasion of Iraq showed larger majorities of Americans in favor of military action , and around 80 percent of Americans believed Iraq posed a threat to the United States in late 2002 and early 2003 .
Don Surber , blogging for West Virginia 's Charleston Daily Mail compared the speculation over a strike on Iran to another showdown over nuclear proliferation nearly half a century ago .
" I was in grade school when the Cuban Missile Crisis happened 45 Octobers ago .
I was gung - ho for taking Castro out .
Wiser heads prevailed  in the Soviet Union as well as the United States , " he writes .
" The security of the world rests on American shoulders .
Id bet against a military strike .
There are enough wiser heads on both sides . "
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Washington
REMEMBER the Republican presidential debate a few months ago , when three candidates raised their hands to indicate they did n’t believe in evolution ?
Something just as laughable is likely to happen today , at the first Republican debate on the economy .
Every candidate will probably embrace the myth that cutting taxes increases government revenues .
At the very least , no one will denounce it as a falsehood .
It ’s been said for years that the Republican nominating process is controlled by social conservatives , and that any aspiring nominee must kowtow to their demands .
But this year ’s Republican primary is making it increasingly clear that a different tiny minority — the economic far right — truly calls the shots .
Last year , Senator John McCain earned widespread ridicule for publicly embracing Jerry Falwell , whom he had once described as “ evil . ”
But an equally breathtaking turnabout occurred earlier in the year , when Mr. McCain embraced the Bush tax cuts he had once denounced as an unaffordable giveaway to the rich .
In an interview with National Review , Mr. McCain justified his reversal by saying , “ Tax cuts , starting with Kennedy , as we all know , increase revenues . ”
It was the political equivalent of Galileo conceding that the Sun does indeed revolve around the Earth .
Mr. McCain is not alone .
Every major Republican contender — Rudy Giuliani , Fred Thompson , Mitt Romney — has said that the Bush tax cuts have caused government revenues to rise .
No prominent Republican office - seeker dare challenge this dogma for fear of offending the economic far right .
Laying The Foundation
The right to vote is precious , the politicians preach .
Our democracy hangs in the balance , the pundits screech .
Yes , but if we all value the sanctity of the voting process so highly , why is it that I ’ve never once been asked to produce identification of any kind in the 16 years I ’ve been a voter , from Ohio to California to Washington State to Maryland ?
And why is it that we ca n’t protect our elections from people who have no right to vote , no right to be here , and no right to undermine our safety or sovereignty ?
While unhinged Democrats spread fear about the alleged discriminatory disenfranchisement of American citizens , they have supported the indiscriminate enfranchisement of untold numbers of foreign outlaws — including suspected al Qaeda operatives and terrorist sympathizers .
Last week , the Columbus Dispatch reported that illegal alien Nuradin Abdi — the suspected shopping mall bomb plotter from Somalia — was registered to vote in the battleground state of Ohio by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) , a left - wing activist group .
Also on the Ohio voting rolls : convicted al Qaeda agent Iyman Faris , who planned to sabotage the Brooklyn Bridge and had entered the country fraudulently from Pakistan on a student visa . [
" Long gone but still registered Ohio ’s Election Day rolls include people who could n’t — and should n’t — vote , October 24 , 2004 , Jon Craig The Columbus Dispatch " ]
In the battleground state of Florida , indicted terror suspect Sami Al - Arian illegally cast his ballot in a Tampa referendum in 1994 while his citizenship application was pending .
He claimed the unlawful vote was the result of a " misunderstanding . "
State officials declined to prosecute .
You ’ve heard about those satirical “ 10 out of 10 terrorists agree : Anybody But Bush ” bumper stickers ?
There may be more truth to them than you think .
John Fund , author of Stealing Elections : How Voter Fraud Threatens Our Democracy , reports that at least eight of the 19 Sept. 11 hijackers were eligible to vote in Virginia or Florida while they plotted to kill Americans .
What ’s to stop the next foreign terrorist plotter from casting a tainted ballot in the nation he has sworn to destroy ?
Not much .
According to the Franklin County Board of Elections , the Dispatch reports , the office simply “ takes a person 's word , that they 're ( sic ) a U.S. citizen . "
In the battleground state of Wisconsin , the story is the same for those who are responsible for registering other people to vote .
Not only do we regularly do nothing to verify the citizenship of people voting , but we also shrug our shoulders at the citizenship status of election workers .
I recently obtained a disturbing set of investigative reports from the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , outlining how the city of Racine neglects to ask deputy registrar applicants for identification or proof of citizenship .
FAIR ’s investigation also alleges that a deputy registrar in Racine registered two individuals — one posing as an admitted illegal alien — and reportedly advised them to lie on their forms .
The report notes that the deputy registrar — working for the open borders lobbying group , Voces de la Frontera — then gave the couple information on other illegal alien benefits , including employment rights and bank accounts .
Law enforcement officials in Wisconsin — which has been swamped with voter fraud shenanigans — have copies of the report , affidavits from the couple who dealt with the registrar , and recordings of their conversations .
But no action , if any , is likely until after the Nov. 2 election .
Democrats at the state and federal levels have aggressively courted the illegal alien swing vote .
The most - egregious example , of course , was the taxpayer - funded Citizenship USA program under the Clinton - Gore administration , which abandoned criminal background checks to naturalize 1.3 million immigrants ( including scores of criminal alien felons ) in time for the 1996 elections .
Ethnic and racial grievance groups , with backing from the likes of Hillary Clinton and Ted Kennedy , have forcefully opposed basic ID requirements at the polls .
And they have armies of lawyers standing by to assist them .
Responsible election officials who ask for proof of citizenship will be accused of “ harassment ” and “ intimidation . ”
They will be accused of causing a “ chilling effect ” — never mind the corrosive effect of unchecked illegal alien voter fraud on law , order , and the integrity of our electoral system .
Political correctness cost us 3,000 lives on Sept. 11 .
It may cost us an election on Nov. 2 .
" The Maestro fought a long , tough battle against the pancreatic cancer which eventually took his life .
In fitting with the approach that characterised his life and work , he remained positive until finally succumbing to the last stages of his illness , " the statement said .
His family and close friends were at the home with the opera star .
For serious fans , the unforced beauty and thrilling urgency of Pavarotti's voice made him the ideal interpreter of the Italian lyric repertory , especially in the 1960s and ' 70s when he first achieved stardom .
For millions more , his charismatic performances of standards such as Nessun dorma , from Puccini 's Turandot , came to represent what opera is all about .
Instantly recognisable by his charcoal black beard and tuxedo - busting girth , Pavarotti radiated an intangible magic that helped him win hearts in a way Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras - his partners in the Three Tenors concerts - never quite could .
" I always admired the God - given glory of his voice - that unmistakable special timbre from the bottom up to the very top of the tenor range , '' Domingo said in a statement from Los Angeles .
" I also loved his wonderful sense of humour and on several occasions of our concerts with Jose Carreras - the so - called Three Tenors concerts - we had trouble remembering that we were giving a concert before a paying audience , because we had so much fun between ourselves , '' he said .
The tenor , who seemed equally at ease singing with soprano Joan Sutherland as with the Spice Girls , scoffed at accusations that he was sacrificing his art in favour of commercialism .
" The word commercial is exactly what we want , '' he said , after appearing in the Three Tenors concerts .
" We 've reached 1.5 billion people with opera .
If you want to use the word commercial , or something more derogatory , we do n't care .
Use whatever you want . ''
In the annals of that rare and coddled breed , the operatic tenor , it may well be said the 20th century began with Enrico Caruso and ended with Pavarotti .
Other tenors - Domingo included - might have drawn more praise from critics for their artistic range and insights , but none could equal the combination of natural talent and personal charm that so endeared him to audiences .
" Pavarotti is the biggest superstar of all , '' the late New York Times music critic Harold Schonberg once said .
" He 's correspondingly more spoiled than anybody else .
They think they can get away with anything .
Thanks to the glory of his voice , he probably can . ''
AP
José Padilla ’s conviction on terrorism charges on Aug. 16 was a victory , not for justice , but for the U.S. Justice ( sic ) Department ’s theory that a U.S. citizen can be convicted , not for committing a terrorist act but for allegedly harboring aspirations to commit such an act .
By agreeing with the Justice ( sic ) Department ’s theory , the incompetent Padilla jury delivered a deadly blow to the rule of law and opened Pandora ’s Box .
Anglo -American law is a human achievement 800 years in the making .
Over centuries law was transformed from a weapon in the hands of government into a shield of the people from unaccountable power .
The Padilla jury ’s verdict turned law back into a weapon .
The jury , of course , had no idea of what was at stake .
It was a patriotic jury that appeared in court with one row of jurors dressed in red , one in white , and one in blue ( Peter Whoriskey , Washington Post , Aug. 17 , 2007 ) .
It was a jury primed to be psychologically and emotionally manipulated by federal prosecutors desperate for a conviction for which there was little , if any , supporting evidence .
For the jury , patriotism required that they strike a blow for America against terrorism .
No member of this jury was going to return home to accusations of letting off a person who has been portrayed as a terrorist in the U.S. media for five years .
The " evidence " against Padilla consists of three items : ( 1 ) seven intercepted telephone conversations , ( 2 ) a 10 - year - old non-relevant video of Osama bin Laden , and ( 3 ) an alleged application to a mujahedeen ( not terrorist ) training camp with Padilla ’s fingerprints .
We will examine each in turn .
The International Herald Tribune and Associated Press reported in detail on the telephone intercepts ( June 19 , 2007 ) : " Accused al - Qaeda operative José Padilla was never overheard using purported code words for violent jihad in intercepted telephone conversations and spoke often about his difficulties in learning Arabic while studying in Egypt , the lead FBI case agent testified Tuesday .
The questioning of FBI Agent James T. Kavanaugh by Padilla attorney Michael Caruso focused on seven intercepted telephone calls on which Padilla ’s voice is heard mostly talking about his marriage and his studies but never about Islamic extremism .
Caruso asked Kavanaugh if Padilla ever was heard using what prosecutors say were code words for violent jihad .
‘ No , he does not , ’ Kavanaugh replied .
Caruso asked Kavanaugh if Padilla was ever overheard discussing jihad training .
‘ No jihad training that I ’ve seen , ’ Kavanaugh said .
‘ He ’s not referring to anything here but studying Arabic , correct ?
Study means study , right ? ’
Caruso asked .
‘ That ’s what they ’re talking about , ’ Kavanaugh testified . "
Despite the FBI ’s testimony that the intercepted telephone messages contained no incriminating evidence , the " patriotic " jury accepted the federal prosecutor ’s unsupported accusation that there were hidden code words in the message indicating that Padilla was a terrorist .
After all , who but a terrorist would want to learn Arabic ?
The video of bin Laden had no relevance whatsoever to the charges in the case .
The video is 10 years old and makes no reference to any of the defendants .
Moreover , none of the defendants were accused of ever being in contact with bin Laden .
The only purpose of the video was to arouse in jurors fear , anger , and disturbing memories associated with Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The fact that the judge let prosecutors sway a fearful and vengeful patriotic jury with emotion and passion rather than evidence is obviously grounds for appeal .
Whoriskey reports that in their closing arguments prosecutors mentioned al - Qaeda more than 100 times and urged jurors to think of al - Qaeda and groups alleged to be affiliated with it as an international murder conspiracy .
Padilla " trained to kill , ’ Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian Frazier misinformed the jury in his closing statement .
Who Padilla wished to kill was never identified , but according to the prosecutors he had been wanting to kill persons unknown since 1998 .
Padilla was convicted for harboring alleged intentions , not for committing any acts .
Indeed , no harmful acts are charged to Padilla .
The incompetent jury fell for the prosecutors ’ wild tale of a murder conspiracy many years old that had no results .
As Andrew Cohen put it , Padilla and the two co-defendants were convicted on the charge of " terrorist - wannabes " on the basis of " evidence that federal authorities did not believe amounted to a crime when it was gathered back before 2001 . "
Cohen concludes : " it ’s further proof that if you can convince an American jury that a man in the dock had anything to do with al - Qaeda , you can pretty much bank on a conviction no matter how tenuous the evidence " ( WashingtonPost.com , Aug. 16 , 2007 ) .
The training camp application form is as suspect as any evidence can be .
Moreover , the prosecution had no evidence that Padilla actually attended such a camp .
Padilla was held illegally for 3.5 years and tortured .
At any time during his illegal detention and torture , Padilla could have been handed a form , thus tainting it with his fingerprints .
Amy Goodman , the forensic psychiatrist Dr. Angela Hegarty , the Christian Science Monitor , and others have described how U.S. interrogators abused Padilla and destroyed his mind .
To expect a person as badly tortured and abused as Padilla to retain the wits not to touch a piece of paper handed to him , or forced into his hands , is unreasonable .
When Padilla was arrested five years ago in 2002 , the U.S. government charged that he was about to set off a radioactive " dirty bomb " in a U.S. city that would kill tens or even hundreds of thousands of Americans .
The story was a total lie , a fabrication designed to keep the fear level high after 9/11 in order to keep support for the Bush regime ’s wars and domestic police state .
None of the charges on which Padilla was illegally held , during those years before the U.S. Supreme Court intervened and ordered the Bush regime to release Padilla or bring him to trial , were part of the charges on which Padilla was tried .
There is little doubt that Padilla ’s conviction , and probably also the convictions of the two co-defendants , is a terrible injustice .
But the damage done goes far beyond the damage to the defendants .
What the red , white , and blue Padilla jury has done is to overthrow the U.S. Constitution and give us the rule of men .
The U.S. Constitution and Anglo - American legal tradition prevent indictments , much less convictions , based on a prosecutor ’s theory that a person wanted to commit a crime in the past or might want to in the future .
Padilla has harmed no one .
There is no evidence that he made an agreement with any party to harm anyone whether for money or ideology or any reason .
The FBI testified that the telephone calls were innocuous .
The bin Laden video was evidence of nothing pertaining to the defendants .
The piece of paper , alleged to be a personnel form recovered from an al - Qaeda camp in Afghanistan , is nothing but a piece of paper and an assertion .
As Lawrence Stratton and I demonstrated in our book , The Tyranny of Good Intentions ( 00 ) , the protective features of law had been seriously eroded prior to the Bush regime ’s assault on civil liberty in the name of " the war on terror . "
The U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights rest on Blackstone ’s Commentaries on the Laws of England .
Blackstone explained law as the protective principles against tyranny  habeas corpus , due process , attorney - client privilege , no crime without intent , no retroactive law , no self - incrimination .
Jeremy Bentham claimed that these protective principles were outmoded in a democracy in which the people controlled the government and no longer had reasons to fear it .
The problem with Blackstone ’s " Rights of Englishmen , " Bentham said , is that these civil liberties needlessly limit the government ’s power and , thus , its ability to protect citizens from crime .
Bentham wanted to preempt criminal acts by arresting those likely to commit crimes in advance , before the budding criminals entered into a life of crime .
Bentham , like the Bush regime , the Padilla jury , and the Republican Federalist Society , did not understand that when law becomes a weapon , liberty dies regardless of the form of government .
If they do understand , they prefer unaccountable government power to individual liberty .
The incompetent Padilla jury has done Americans and their liberty far more damage than will ever be done by terrorists , other than those in our criminal justice ( sic ) system who now wield the powers that Bentham wanted to give them .
The Padilla case was the way the Bush Justice ( sic ) Department implemented its strategy for taking away the legal principles that protect American citizens .
Padilla is an American citizen .
He was denied habeas corpus and his rights to an attorney and due process .
He was tortured in an attempt to coerce him into self - incrimination .
In treating Padilla in these ways , the U.S. Department of Justice ( sic ) violated both the U.S. Constitution and federal law .
There is no doubt whatsoever that the Justice ( sic ) Department committed far more crimes than did Padilla .
By the time the Supreme Court finally intervened , Padilla was universally known as the demonized " dirty bomber , " an " enemy combatant " who was arrested before he could set off a radioactive bomb in a U.S. city .
The Injustice Department could now simultaneously convict Padilla and enshrine Benthamite law simply by appealing to fear and patriotism .
And that is what happened .
Under Benthamite law , the individual has no rights .
The new calculus is " the greatest good for the greatest number " as determined by the wielders of power .
On the basis of this new law , not written by Congress but invented by the Injustice Department and made precedent by the Padilla jury ’s verdict , the U.S. can lock up people based on the percentage of crime committed by their race , gender , income class , or ethnic group .
Under Benthamite law , people can be arrested and prosecuted for thought crimes .
Under Benthamite law , it is the government that protects the people , not the Constitution and Bill of Rights that protect the individual .
Benthamite law makes " advocacy speech , " for example , a call for the overthrow of the U.S. government , upheld in the 1969 Supreme Court decision , Brandenburg v. Ohio , a serious federal crime .
The Padilla jury has opened Pandora ’s Box .
Unless the conviction is overturned on appeal , American liberty died in the Padilla jury ’s verdict .
Of course , nobody expected the farmers ’ equally rule - breaking customers to be punished too .
Among players , the R.M.T. debate may revolve around questions of fairness , but among game companies , the only question seems to be what is good for business .
Cracking down on R.M.T. buyers makes poorer marketing sense than cracking down on sellers , in much the same way that cracking down on illegal drug suppliers is a better political move than cracking down on users .
( Only a few companies have found a way to make R.M.T. part of their business model .
Sony Online Entertainment , which publishes EverQuest , has started earning respectable revenues from an experimental in - game auction system that charges players a small transaction fee for real - money trades . )
As Mark Jacobs , vice president at Electronic Arts and creator of the classic M.M.O. Dark Age of Camelot , put it : “ Are you going to get more sympathy from busting 50,000 Chinese farmers or from busting 10,000 Americans that are buying ?
It ’s not a racial thing at all .
If you bust the buyers , you ’re busting the guys who are paying to play your game , who you want to keep as customers and who will then go on the forums and say really nasty things about your company and your game . ”
The cost to farmers of being expelled from WoW can be steep .
At the very least , it means a temporary drop in productivity , because the character has to be to built up all over again , as well as the loss of all the loot accumulated in that character ’s account .
Given the stakes , some Chinese gold farms have found that the best way to get around their farmers ’ pursuers is to make it hard to distinguish professionals from players in the first place .
One business that specializes in doing just that is located a few blocks from the gold farm where Min Qinghai works .
The shop floor is about the same size , with about the same number of computers in the same neat rows , but you can tell just walking through the place that it is a more serious operation .
For one thing , there are a lot more workers : typically 25 on the day shift , 25 on the night shift , each crew punching in and out at a time clock just inside the entrance .
Nobody works without a shirt here ; quite a few , in fact , wear a standard - issue white polo shirt with the company initials on it .
There is also a crimson version of the shirt , reserved for management and worn at all times by the shift supervisor , who , when he is n’t prowling the floor , sits at his desk before a broad white wall emblazoned with foot - high Chinese characters in red that spell : unity , collaboration , integrity , efficiency .
The name of the business is Donghua Networks , and its specialty is what gamers call “ power leveling . ”
Like regular gold farming , power leveling offers customers an end run around the World of Warcraft grind — except that instead of providing money and other items , the power leveler simply does the work for you .
Hand over your account name , password and about $ 300 , and get on with your real life for a while : in a marathon of round - the - clock monster - bashing , a team of power levelers will raise your character from the lowest level to the highest , accomplishing in four weeks or less what at a normal rate of play would take at least four months .
For Donghua ’s owners — 26 - year - old Fei Jianfeng and 36 - year - old Bao Donghua , both former gold - farm wage workers themselves — moving the business out of farming and into leveling was an easy call .
Among other advantages , they say , power leveling means fewer banned accounts .
Because the only game accounts used are the customers ’ own , there is much less risk of losing access to the virtual work site .
For their workers , however , the advantages are mixed .
Though there is a greater variety of quests and quarries to pursue , the pay is n’t any better , and some workers chafe at the constraints of playing a stranger ’s character , preferring the relative autonomy of farming gold .
As one Donghua power leveler said of his old gold - farming job , “ I had more room to play for myself . ”
It may seem strange that a wage - working loot farmer would still care about the freedom to play .
But it is not half as strange as the scene that unfolded one evening at 9 o’clock in the Internet cafe on the ground floor of the building where Donghua has its offices .
Scattered around the stifling , dim wang ba , 10 power levelers just off the day shift were merrily gaming away .
Not all of them were playing World of Warcraft .
A big , silent lug named Mao sat mesmerized by a very pink - and - purple Japanese schoolgirls ’ game , in which doe - eyed characters square off in dancing contests with other online players .
But the rest had chosen , to a man , to log into their personal World of Warcraft accounts and spend these precious free hours right back where they had spent every other hour of the day : in Azeroth .
Such scenes are not at all unusual .
At the end of almost any working day or night in a Chinese gaming workshop , workers can be found playing the same game they have been playing for the last 12 hours , and to some extent gold - farm operators depend on it .
The game is too complex for the bosses to learn it all themselves ; they need their workers to be players — to find out all the tricks and shortcuts , to train themselves and to train one another .
“ When I was a worker , ” Fan Yangwen , who is now 21 and in Donghua ’s main office providing technical support , told me , “ I loved to play because when I was playing , I was learning . ”
But learning to play or learning to work ?
I asked .
Fan shrugged .
“ Both . ”
When my husband and I were n't feeling especially close , I would often spend long , contented afternoons reading or napping with the cat on my lap .
Once in a while , the cat would gaze dreamily at me , then nuzzle me , pressing the flat of his head to the underside of my chin .
Sometimes he'd stand on his hind legs , put his paws on my shoulders , and regard me with those golden , soulful eyes of his .
My heart melted at the touch of his wet nose against mine .
Sometimes I would wish he were my husband .
I even made jokes , calling the cat my " fur husband " .
There was something so instinctively affectionate , so uncomplicated about our relationship , that I often thought how simple it would be to be married to the cat .
Meanwhile , after years of a low - grade marital malaise , my husband and I had become entrenched in a cycle of increasingly hurtful arguments that seemed to erupt over issues both large and small .
During a particularly sour family holiday , when I 'd stormed off to take my frustrations out on a treadmill overlooking a wide - open landscape , I pictured myself running and running , and never coming back .
Back at home I pored over the accommodation listings ; when my husband , Paul , saw what I was doing , I told him what I had n't fully admitted to myself : I wanted to move out .
For the next week , we talked about our relationship more freely than we ever had before .
We agreed that after nearly 20 years we did n't want to end our marriage .
We wanted to work on it .
But we both knew it would take a radical step to force us out of the unkind and ugly patterns we'd got into .
And so , with surprisingly little drama , we agreed to see a marriage counsellor and to separate .
When I moved to a small apartment a few blocks away , my one consolation was fantasising about the cosy , fireside nights the cat and I would spend alone together .
I would have " custody " of him one week - night and every other weekend , a schedule similar to the one I would keep with my 13 - year - old son .
I bought him ( the cat , that is ) a new litter tray , toys , his favourite food , and counted the days until our first date .
Week - nights and alternating weekends with my son turned out to be delightful .
I cooked the meals he liked , we watched second world war movies , and read the sports section together over breakfast .
The one and only weekend when I had feline custody , however , the cat cowered behind the dish drainer , crying .
When I tried to pull him out , he peed on the worktop .
No amount of sweet talk or chicken giblets could coax him back into my arms .
I sulked , considered getting a kitten , then accepted that I had separated from both my husbands .
One of the terms of the trial separation was that Paul and I each agreed not to see other people : we had separated to work on the marriage , not to dismantle it .
But after a few months of single living , my needs for affection had gone beyond what the cat used to offer .
It was at this point that I met the electric husband .
We found each other at a store called Toys in Babeland , a feminist - owned sex - toy shop on New York 's rough - edged Lower East Side .
I arrived looking every bit the former Catholic schoolgirl I am - guilt - ridden and nicely dressed - only to be confronted with a Star Wars - like assortment of vibrators , dildos , whips , and harnesses .
I instantly headed for the corner of the store where the books were and pretended to read .
The only person on duty was a very , very large woman - picture a refrigerator with a shaved head and more studs on her face than on Dolly Parton 's jean jacket - seated at a desk on an elevated platform where she kept an eye out for shoplifters .
The word intimidating does n't come close to describing her .
" I need help , " I eventually said in the tiniest voice .
She grunted , then came down from her perch and in a very loud voice asked what I wanted help with .
" Nipple clips ? " she practically yelled .
" A Big G ? "
She pointed to an industrial - strength tool that looked like it would require a licence to operate .
She went on - " Maybe a butt plug ? " - until I laid a manicured hand on her tattooed arm and whispered , " I 've never done this before . "
At this point she morphed into a kind , gentle big sister - albeit a gigantic one in work boots - leading me around the store , explaining , still at a high - decibel level , the basics ( latex v plastic , G - spot v clitoral ) .
After I 'd made my selections - a pink teddy bear - shaped clitoral vibrator and a less - menacing version of the Big G ( a whimsical , tie - dyed purple banana - shaped thing mounted on something resembling a hand mixer ) - she informed me ( and everyone else in a 12 - mile radius ) that , " You 're gonna need some lube with that ! "
I paid , thanked her , snuck out .
" I threw in some batteries for free , " she yelled after me .
" Typical first timers ' mistake : get in the mood and realise you do n't have any batteries . "
It was the purple Big G that I fell for .
After an awkward first time , we spent some lovely evenings together .
And some lovely afternoons .
If we had a quickie in the morning , my friends would ask about the glow in my cheeks .
Had I had a facial , they 'd ask .
It was about this time I started thinking of my vibrator as the electric husband .
This was not a thought I shared with my friends .
They were having a hard enough time trying to understand how moving out was supposed to help my marriage .
One well - intentioned friend called and invited me to the cinema .
No thanks , I said , I do n't feel like it .
Next time she called to invite me out I said I had plans .
I did .
I 'd make a nice meal , have a glass of wine , put on some romantic music , light a candle , then retire to the bedroom with the purple Big G .
One night after I 'd had a glass of wine ( OK , maybe two ) at the candlelit table I 'd set for a romantic dinner , I got a cartoon image of the two of us sitting there together : me and the electric husband .
I pictured the purple banana - shaped part propped up at the table across from me , a little napkin tied in a neat triangle an inch or so from the tip .
I imagined the two of us at the movies , at a posh hotel , taking a drive in the country ( in this scenario , I was in the driver 's seat , the electric husband seat - belted in next to me ) .
Meanwhile , I was learning to live alone .
I 'd met my human husband when I was in college .
I remember thinking , even then , " Right man .
Wrong time . "
I had n't ever really had my own flat , let alone had a Sex and the City lovelife .
But those things seemed increasingly unimportant as we fell headlong in love .
Before we knew it , we 'd moved in together and settled in a surprisingly traditional division of labour .
Paul handled the home repairs , the car , and the barbecues .
I took care of the cooking , the laundry , and most of the childcare when our children came along .
Now I was on my own , it was up to me to change the oil and grill the steaks .
To my great surprise , I found I was n't bad at the chores I 'd entrusted to Paul .
I even developed an affection for tools - so much so that I bought a tool belt to wear during my home improvement efforts , along with a baseball cap and overalls .
( Anybody inspecting my wardrobe might have reasonably guessed that I was dating the large woman from Toys in Babeland , instead of one of the items for sale there . )
Despite these I - Am - Woman - Hear - Me-Roar triumphs , I cried .
A lot .
Especially in the beginning .
I think I was feeling a lot of unexpressed sadness that I finally had room to notice and crying a lot of pent - up tears that I finally had the privacy to shed .
The marriage counselling also took an unexpected course .
At times it seemed we were well on our way to working things out ; at others , we left sessions steaming with rage and ready to divorce .
And as my apartment went from a stop - gap to a potential home , I began to have moments of contentment - even happiness .
I got into Irish fiddle music in a way I would have been too self - conscious to do within earshot of anyone else .
I fell back into the habit of reading late into the night .
And I reveled in keeping my tiny flat spotless .
I did things Paul used to do : I did up a set of second - hand chairs , changed the windscreen wiper blades .
I did things I 'd always wanted to do : I decorated my bedroom in lavender , strung paper lanterns across the living - room mantelpiece , and had chocolate fondue for breakfast .
And I did things I assumed Paul would n't have wanted me to do : I visited a psychic , wore my hair long , and ate tofu hotdogs .
And I bought batteries and scented candles by the dozen for my dates with the electric husband .
In short , I did whatever I wanted .
All the while , my real husband and I continued to meet twice a week with our gifted marriage counsellor .
As we excavated the issues that had ground away at our marriage - mutual and lingering resentments from the bad old days when Paul was drinking , old betrayals , and ancient grudges over money , in - laws , and child - rearing - we realised that if we were going to fix what was wrong with our marriage , we'd have to dig deep .
We started the process thinking we just needed a little distance and a few months of counselling to patch up the cracks in our marriage ; we ended up doing a gut renovation .
Reconciliation began to seem impossible .
We still trudged dutifully off to counselling , but sometimes it was as if we were going to a funeral .
Without either of us realising it , we had begun to talk in tones full of resignation and sadness ; we both hired lawyers and we were using terms such as amicable - which is nearly always followed by the word divorce .
Almost a year and a half after I 'd moved out , all the old grudges and disagreements had been aired ; we had apologised , in profound and meaningful ways and , as best as we were able , had made amends .
But we were at a loss as to what to do next .
I trudged home after one particularly downbeat counselling session unable to stop crying .
Later that day , I called Paul .
I asked if he could come over .
I was finished with marriage guidance , I told him .
He nodded wearily .
He was , too .
My heart nearly broke .
I had n't had a chance to finish ; I 'd called him over to tell him that I wanted to get back together .
I 'd felt we 'd done all we could to look at what went wrong , that the only thing left now was to make things right .
I was about to propose a step that felt even scarier than moving out - moving back in - and there he was saying he did n't think we could get back together after all .
Maybe I was just being contrary - a trait that had helped land us in marriage counselling in the first place - but I disagreed .
I said I thought we could .
He looked at me .
I went a step further .
I said I thought we should .
" Really ? " he said .
" Really , " I said .
Then Paul confessed that he'd only said he was finished with counselling because I said I was , that he really wanted to reconcile but was afraid I 'd say no if he proposed it .
" Really ? " I said .
" Really . "
So much for the honest communications we 'd worked on all these months .
But the truth is we had walked through fire together .
We had had to put our marriage completely at risk in order to save it .
And by some miracle , we had .
Getting back together was , after all that , surprisingly easy .
We decided not to go for a trial reunion , where either party could call it quits over the smallest slight .
We wanted to get back together , totally , completely , immediately .
Our kids were thrilled , our friends delighted .
The only hitch : giving up the love nest where the electric husband and I had had such happy times .
( And there was one other hitch - explaining the electric husband to the real one . )
Paul was n't particularly surprised .
Or even jealous .
He confessed he had developed a relationship with a video involving some nurses .
I was n't exactly jealous , either ( maybe a little grossed out ) .
He had also got into some new music of his own - including a new age vocalist who made me run screaming from the room .
He 'd gone back to smoking cigars and eating meatloaf with mayonnaise .
We had conquered the thorniest of marital issues .
But we had - literally - grown apart .
By that I mean that we had grown while we were apart .
Long - buried parts of our personalities were able to thrive , and new qualities were able to emerge , once we got out of each other 's way .
That , after all , had been the point of separating ; we were too close to see how we'd been hurting - and cramping - each other .
We were thrilled to be reunited .
Our kids looked on in disgust as we held hands and beamed at each other ; our friends looked on in awe .
We rarely fought now , not even when the big issues that led to our separation came back in new disguises .
But we were , to our great confusion , having a hard time with some of the little things .
I was a bossy , back - seat driver ; he turned the volume on my exuberant Irish fiddle down so low it sounded like a cricket chirping .
After everything we 'd shared in the therapist 's office , there was one confession left : we each had to admit there were aspects of living alone that we had loved .
So when a tiny , fifth - floor flat across the street from us became available , I took it .
Owning an apartment when I have a perfectly good house across the street is excessive .
It is ridiculous .
And it is the best money I 've ever spent .
I do n't live there ; I live with Paul .
Happily .
Ninety per cent of the time .
But when we are at odds I tell him I 'm spending the night at my apartment .
At first , I was a little hurt when he did n't beg me to stay .
He got the hint , made a halfhearted attempt at pretending he wanted me to stay .
And I got the hint , too .
He wanted me to leave just as much as I wanted to go .
Now we do n't have to get on each other 's nerves for me to sleep across the street .
Sometimes I just go over to listen to my music , to read , to write , or to just be alone .
I always come home happier , saner , and nicer .
Once in a while , I 'll confess , I also come home with that telltale glow from a fling with the electric husband .
Occasionally , when I 've spent the night at my apartment , my real husband brings me my morning coffee and the newspaper .
And once in a while the two of us go across the street for some romantic time alone .
But mainly my apartment is a place to simply savour my independence - as well as the knowledge that we have a secure , battle - tested marriage that has room for two kinds of exuberant music .
· © 2007 by Patricia McCormick .
This is an edited extract from an essay in The Honeymoon 's Over , edited by Andrea Chapin and Sally Wofford - Girand ( Little , Brown , £ 16.99 ) .
Fred Thompson , the newest addition to the Republican stable of presidential candidates , usually makes more horse sense when he 's reading from a " Law and Order " script than when he 's spouting memorized Republican talking points .
After the Osama bin Laden tape surfaced , Thompson was quoted as saying that bin Laden is " more symbolism than anything else . "
Well , Freddie , me boy , you may be the genius of the year , and solved the long standing riddle of why George Bush abruptly halted the " dead or alive " hunt for bin Laden .
According to reports , we had bin Laden in our sights and it would not have taken a Dead - eye Dick or Annie Oakley to get the man .
But no !
Bush was in a race to veer off the bin Laden course in Tora Bora , to switch and bait us into Iraq and conquering Saddam Hussein .
UN inspectors were ordered out of Iraq , Colon Powell went before the United Nations armed with a bottle full of lies , soldiers were pulled out of Afghanistan and we invaded Iraq .
In a thrice Bush had us up to our arses in alligators and in a mired swamp turned quagmire that would soon become a whirlpool of quicksand sucking up our blood , spirit and money .
Some people wondered out loud :
Why ?
Most did not wonder and took the self - proclaimed War President at his word that this was the way to go .
The few dissenting whispers were drowned out by incessant sabre rattling and chanting of Saddam is linked to 9/11 and " if we do n't git 'em in Iraq , we 'll be fightin ' 'em here . "
" But , bin Laden was behind the 9/11 attacks , " we tried to shout over the ever increasing crescendo of War on Iraq !
War on Iraq !
War on Iraq !
So , here we are today , bogged down in Iraq while bin Laden remains free and is sending us video tapes made in an undisclosed location , and we 're still saying : Why ?
Why did George Bush let bin Laden escape ?
Why has n't he been caught ?
Then in walks good ol ' boy Freddie on his first day of campaigning in his pursuit of the presidency and unwittingly gave us the answer : " Osama bin Laden is more symbolism than anything else . "
Osama bin Laden is George Bush 's own private martyr , or symbol .
The " evil Muslem fundamentalist " martyr is in a symbiotic relationship with the " malevolent Christian fundamentalist " martyr .
Each has set himself up as a martyr to his cause , yet neither is willing to go into a real battle and die for that cause .
Bin Laden hides in caves ; Bush hides in airplanes 50,000 feet above the Earth , or behind walls protected by the military and Secret Service .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The people I most admire are total animals .
They are intensely dedicated to their craft , and make the most of every moment to reach their goals .
They are so focussed on what they want that they do n’t have time for anything that is n’t aligned with their intentions .
They are constantly creating , always choose to align with the positive side of things , and are able to appreciate the true genius in almost everyone they meet .
And then there are “ energy vampires ” .
An energy vampire is a person who drains other people ’s life force .
Actually , I ’ll take this a step further and offer a more “ inside - out ” definition .
To me , an energy vampire is any thought pattern , activity , or habit that drains your life force .
Whether the external influence that leads to this negative energy flow is a person , place , or thing , the vampire can only strike if you take the bait .
Energy vampires are a primary threat to your happiness .
They dilute your attention and drag you down .
They ’ll turn you from a star player into a benchwarmer .
Sometimes energy vampires are so pervasive in our lives that we do n’t even notice them .
We spend so much time in the clutches of negative thought patterns and distractions , yet still wonder why we never seem to get where we want to go .
The following is a list of energy vampires that have affected me most at one time or another , with solutions I ’ve used to fend them off and stay aligned with my purpose :
1. Polling
How many times have you checked your email today ?
How many IM conversations do you have going on right this minute ?
How many IRC windows do you have open ?
Do you know off the top of your head how many visitors your site has had so far today ?
( Be honest . )
Polling is the habit of constantly checking the status of something .
It comes from the mistaken idea that information that is updated in real - time needs to be tracked in real - time .
Polling is an energy vampire because it snaps you out of your artistic groove .
It ’s not just the 30 seconds it takes to check your email .
It ’s the 15 – 20 minutes you spend responding to a new message that kills your focus .
Solution :
Set a time each day to do all your checking .
I generally check my feed stats , website stats , email , and revenue stats once every day around 5:00 PM .
Uninstall applications that alert you of new email .
For truly urgent messages , use urgent mediums like phone or a knock on the door .
If you are absolutely required to use your Inbox for urgent communications , configure your email alerts to monitor only items that require immediate response .
If you spend a lot of time on IRC , AIM , or Facebook , measure the output of this investment .
How would your life be different if you spent all that time in virtual reality on face - to - face connections ?
2. Arguing and Internet “ Flame Wars ”
Have you ever seen a news anchor host a discussion panel with experts on each side of the issue ?
Do you EVER see one expert say to the other “ Hm , you know what ?
I ’m completely wrong .
Now that I ’ve heard your point of view , I think we should pull all our troops out of Iraq . ”
Nobody ever wins an argument .
People argue to make themselves heard , not to listen to and evaluate what the other person is saying .
Internet flame wars are even worse .
When two nameless , faceless opponents square off in the digital ring , the shit can really hit the fan .
Solution :
The key to winning an argument is do n’t argue in the first place .
Not only will you definitely not “ win ” , the other side is probably not even listening .
Stop trying to prove that you ’re right and just live by the truths you ’ve uncovered from your own experience .
On the internet , stay out of holy wars , and avoid starting them .
Do n’t post questions like “ Which is better , X or Y ? ” or “ What is the best X ? ”
The only opinion you need on such things is your own .
I ’ll admit , it took me a couple of years to stop getting into internet geek brawls , but thankfully it is a breakable addiction .
3. Complaining
You ’ll never hear someone described as the “ World ’s Most Accomplished Critic ” .
Complaining and inactionable criticism is the highest form of mental masturbation .
While it ’s incredibly difficult to build and do amazing things , almost anyone can point out flaws .
But finding fault does not equal intelligence .
There is no Nobel Criticism Prize .
Action is the true nuclear weapon .
Whether it comes from you , or the people around you , complaining is the Count Dracula of energy vampires .
It will gnaw at your soul and attract even more things to complain about in your life .
Solution :
Three words :
It ’s your fault .
For any situation you complain about , you have three options : leave it , change it , or do n’t change it .
By taking full responsibility , you can actually do something about your current life situation , instead of drowning in the victim mentality .
Of course , there are some things you ca n’t change .
For example , you ca n’t just decide that your girlfriend did n’t dump you .
You have no control over what other people do , but you can choose how you react .
If you have no choice but to accept a situation , then complaining about it is wasted energy .
4. Partial Commitments
A partial commitment is an activity that you enjoy , and may have even taken seriously at one point , but are now in “ commitment limbo ” about .
You ca n’t make up your mind about how far you want to go with this .
You dabble without going too deep .
You might spend a couple hours a day practicing your instrument while watching TV , but you never get up on stage .
Instead of giving 100 % of your energy to your primary focus , you end up giving 50 % of your energy to your primary focus , 25 % to this sort - of - hobby , and the other 25 % wondering which one you like more .
Solution :
If you find yourself juggling a few interests , but always holding back on how much you commit , the first thing to do is decide which interest to treat as primary , and which ones are merely partial commitments .
Of course , the same “ analysis paralysis ” that got you into this state of indecision can make it hard to make up your mind .
Instead of trying to think your way to an ideal solution , start with action .
Pick a passion and run with it for 30 days , and see how it feels .
Organize your environment in such a way that engaging in the other , partial commitments would not be easy .
For example , I was torn between making a run at professional Poker and becoming an entrepreneur .
Fortunately , I had the bankroll to be able to walk each path and decide which one I liked most .
I started out with Poker .
For one month , I committed to spending eight hours per day , five days per week playing online to see how it went .
I needed only about four days to know that this was not for me .
The variance was painful and I realized that my true purpose in life required a more engaging presence in the world and the ability to build cool stuff .
Then I gave entrepreneurship a try for 30 days , and out popped 30 sleeps .
Strangely enough , it ’s a site built around the concept of 30 - day challenges . :)
The moment I launched the site and saw people start signing up , I was hooked .
I factored Poker out of my life by cashing out my online bankroll and uninstalling all my Poker - related software .
5. Television
A few years ago when I started working with Canonical , the company behind Ubuntu Linux , my first assignment was to be part of a development sprint in Mark ’s London flat .
One of my first few days on the job , I was literally pair programming with the CEO at his kitchen table .
He had about five or six flat screen TVs on different walls in his flat , though they were never turned on .
During one meeting , we decided to use one of them to do an app demo .
We turned it on , and there was a DVD movie on the screen .
It was paused .
For the last two months .
Living your life on purpose leaves little time for the boob tube .
Unfortunately , millions of man hours are swallowed up every day by this brainwashing machine .
Solution :
The best way to give up TV is to cancel your cable subscription .
It takes a mere five minute phone call to set the wheels in motion , and when all is said and done , you can still buy or rent the shows you really like on DVD .
My appointment with the cable guy is September 24th .
When ’s yours ?
It ’s important to identify thoughts or actions that cause you to leak energy away from pursuing your purpose .
Sometimes these bad habits are so much a part of your life that you do n’t even notice them , but they eat away at your time and emotional well - being all the same .
An important question to ask yourself at regular intervals throughout the day is “ Is this the best possible use of my time ? ”
If not , you may have found an energy vampire .
The majority of cells in the human brain are not nerve cells but star - shaped glia cells , the so called “ astroglia ” .
“ Glia means “ glue ” , explains Götz .
“ As befits their name , until now these cells have been regarded merely as a kind of “ putty ” keeping the nerve cells together .
A couple of years ago , the research group had been already able to prove that these glia cells function as stem cells during development .
This means that they are able to differentiate into functional nerve cells .
However , this ability gets lost in later phases of development , so that even after an injury to the adult brain glial cells are unable to generate any more nerve cells .
In order to be able to reverse this development , the team studied what molecular switches are essential for the creation of nerve cells from glial cells during development .
These regulator proteins are introduced into glial cells from the postnatal brain , which indeed respond by switching on the expression of neuronal proteins .
In his current work , Dr. Benedikt Berninger , was now able to show that single regulator proteins are quite sufficient to generate new functional nerve cells from glia cells .
The transition from glia - to - neuron could be followed live at a time - lapse microscope .
It was shown that glia cells need some days for the reprogramming until they take the normal shape of a nerve cell .
“ These new nerve cells then have also the typical electrical properties of normal nerve cells ” , emphasises Berninger .
“ We could show this by means of electrical recordings ” .
“ Our results are very encouraging , because the generation of correctly functional nerve cells from postnatal glia cells is an important step on the way to be able to replace functional nerve cells also after injuries in the brain , ” underlines Magdalena Götz .
Source : GSF - National Research Center for Environment and Health
Get insight into your business like never before
The One Question is the only system in the world that unlocks exactly how happy your Customers and Employees feel about your business in real - time .
Simply ask them The One Question : “ How do you feel about … ? ” and let them choose an emoji face that resembles their feeling .
Then follow up with “ Tell us more … ” to find out WHY they feel that way .
Simple , easy and , unlike traditional surveys , people actually fill these in , which means you can start hearing from the usually silent - majority and get the accurate insight you need to keep improving and growing your business .
Wiitard \ WE - tard\ , noun : 1 . Nintendo Wii enthusiast 2 . Nintendo
Wii player , particularly one that has caused harm to another person or object as a direct result of enthusiastic Wii play .
Tune in for news , funny video , and other Wii-related content .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 17th , 2007
I ’ve been trying to think about some of the possible repercussions of a U.S. strike on Iran .
All the usual ones came to mind : economic collapse , panic in the energy markets , possible nuclear war etc .
But I came up with a different scenario .
I have n’t seen this mentioned anywhere .
I thought that an attack on Iran would give every America - hating insurgent , in every energy producing country , a GO SIGNAL .
Think about it .
Russia .
Mexico .
Nigeria .
Saudi Arabia .
Some of the biggest energy exporters face extremely serious asymmetric warfare threats .
( See : Above Ground Factors . )
This is just a guess , but when the United States / Israel attacks Iran , insurgents everywhere might see that as an opportunity to deliver a kill shot to the United States via the energy vector .
If the U.S. is stupid enough to shoot itself in the foot like this , lots of energy infrastructure bombers , if they ’re smart , would seize that opportunity to magnify America ’s problems .
Hugo Chavez might simply refuse to send oil to the U.S. in sympathy with everyone else who hates the U.S. , and in solidarity with Iran , which is an ally of Venezuela .
Oh yeah , there ’s probably a thousand other weird ways it could go , none of them good .
I ’ve seen idiot executives in corporations behave like the Bush administration .
They interpret a 2 % chance of success as a sure thing .
Meanwhile , those of us involved with the actual operations of the enterprise brace for impact , or simply run away before the rusty calliope starts throwing pipes .
Psychopaths do n’t listen to reason .
If I know these things , sitting here in my underwear , I ’m damn sure that analysts somewhere are trying to tell these bozos , “ If you try to fire the gimp out of the cannon at such a steep angle , it could knock the main pole out from under the big top . ”
Cheney would respond with something like , “ Never mind all of that negative , defeatist talk .
Let ’s focus on that 2 % chance of success some more . ”
At this point , some puffed up general would begin a presentation on nuclear weapons .
War | Posted in Energy Top Of Page
Your Nights Wo n’t be Boring with these Entertainment Ideas
By TOM MITCHELSON
Last updated at 10:15 11 October 2007
The email is short and to the point .
" I want a man with a personality and looks to take my breath away . "
These are the requirements of the dark - haired , dark - eyed , 37 - year - old Asian beauty who has sent me her romantic wish list .
Reading it on my laptop in the aptly named Cafe Affaire in central London , I consider what she really wants : a no-strings - attached sexual relationship .
What I do n't know is how her husband will feel about it .
Scroll down for more ...
Aside from the little matter of her marital status , she also believes I have a wife , but she does n't care .
She wants instant gratification even though we 've exchanged only a few words online .
But in the modern world , in which the internet has become a vehicle for all manner of impropriety , she regards this kind of behaviour as perfectly acceptable .
We have encountered one another via an internet dating service established for the sole purpose of enabling married people to commit adultery .
It may sound like an unpleasant niche website for a handful of amoral people to whom wedding vows never meant very much .
But it claims to have more than 100,000 members in the UK .
Many of them are middle - class , many have young children .
And all of them are looking for an opportunity to betray their spouses .
As a single man , I do n't qualify .
But I wanted to find out what sort of woman uses such a site .
So I paid £ 119 for a month 's membership , giving me an entre to thousands of faithless females .
They are allowed to sign up for free as a way of ensuring the numbers are balanced between the sexes .
I register , and enter the murky world of two - timing technology , taking note of the warning on the site : " Not all affairs have a positive effect on a marriage . "
What a masterpiece of understatement .
I wonder if anyone has ever read this , seen the wisdom of it and decided not to join .
I create my online " profile " .
" I 'm witty , charming , handsome and modest , and I 'm kind to animals , " I write , hoping this description will have a fairly broad appeal , and also include a recent photograph .
Your picture can be viewed only if you give a password to the person with whom you are conversing .
The idea is presumably to safeguard people from searching for their own spouses on the site - though how a husband would explain to his errant wife how he came to stumble across her picture on a website for adulterers , I do n't know .
In order to fit in with the general ethos of the website I have invented a wife .
Our relationship , I note , has suffered because we do n't spend enough time together ( not surprising really , since she does n't exist ) .
After a quick search , I get the measure of the women on the site .
" My preference is for a man who is much younger than me with rugged features , " says one .
Postings such as : " I want a man who can look after me and knows how to treat a woman .
Must be solvent , " are also commonplace .
It 's not long before I receive a " virtual kiss " .
This is a way of paying someone a compliment without typing out the words .
It 's the cyber equivalent of a wolf whistle .
And over the course of a week I get almost 100 replies , messages and propositions .
I 'm surprised and unsettled by the forward tone of some of the material .
One woman sends me a message heavily laden with sexual innuendo and I come to regard her as the mistress of the single entendre .
" What are you into ? " she asks , archly .
Determined to avoid the connotations , I reply : " The Beatles . " I never hear from her again .
Another woman 's first contact with me included a plan for a day out together , including visits to art galleries , a stroll round a park and then " a few hours under the duvet " .
I did n't even know her name .
I 'm later propositioned by someone who tells me she has an hourglass figure .
Her photograph reveals that the hour has stretched to 90 minutes .
I 'm already starting to feel like I 've had enough of this experiment .
But if I 'm going to find out what really makes these women tick , I need to leave the safety of the virtual world and see them for myself .
Scroll down for more ...
I arrange to meet a 41 - year - old mother of two who misses " romance and flirting " , in a cafe in two days ' time .
She has declined to tell me her name , so I have to think of her as her web sobriquet .
This is how I find myself waiting for " Sophia Loren " .
She seems rather on edge and sends me a text message at the time we 're due to meet asking why I 'm using the website .
I reply , telling her to come over and ask me face to face .
She turns up , a blonde with lipstick on her teeth .
She looks furtively around and asks me if I 'm nervous .
I say that if she stops twitching , I 'll calm down .
There is tension in the air like North and South Korea coming together to hammer out a treaty .
Suddenly the realisation of how odd it is to meet a stranger with the express intention of having an affair dawns on me .
Romeo and Juliet it is not .
It 's more like Alan Sugar interviewing an apprentice .
But she is an old hand at this type of encounter and tells me she 's met many men through the site , and that I was probably the only one who had n't lied about my age .
" Sophia " tells me she thinks relationships have a shelf life of about ten years before boredom sets in , but that she stays married to ensure her children have a stable home .
After discussing how mundane marriages become and avoiding questions about my personal life , it 's clear we 're past our sell - by date after ten minutes , never mind ten years .
There is zero chemistry .
She does n't want to discuss her husband , and I feel uneasy talking to her .
Despite this , she still seems keen to flirt with me .
In the end , we agree to part and she wishes me luck and assures me I 'll find the perfect paramour .
So much for raging passion .
This was like having a meeting with a new accountant with a helping of self - disgust thrown in .
Later on I 'm perplexed when she sends me two flirty text messages .
Reading between the lines , I suspect she wants to meet again .
Sadly , I feel I have got all I want out of our brief relationship - two cups of coffee and a short conversation - and it's time to move on and find someone new .
I feel sorry for her husband , presumably unaware that the mother of his children is pursuing cheap thrills with strangers .
By now , I have been contacted by scores of women , so I arrange dates with the ones who are prepared to meet me in the next few days .
Jane is far more easy - going .
Blonde , slim and relaxed , she has already told me by email that she 's been married for ten years , has young children , time on her hands and wants to add a frisson of excitement to her life .
We meet at a restaurant in central London , and I am waiting at the table when she arrives .
I stand up and we kiss on the cheek .
She tells me without blinking that she has had one affair with a family friend and , although it did n't end badly , her appetite for adultery remains undimmed .
We spend an afternoon over lunch with a bottle of wine , and it 's clear she is a relatively sophisticated woman .
Though she declines to tell me what she does , she is evidently well informed and intelligent .
It 's easy to forget she 's married , and the ring on her finger is the only reminder .
Jane tells me she was attracted to me because she had been put off by the
directness of the other men who 've contacted her - she gets hundreds of messages a week .
At the end of our lunch , she tells me she 'd like to see me again .
I say I have to go , and she tells me she 's sorry we have to leave it there .
She then fixes me with a gaze and says she wishes we could go elsewhere .
I find myself thinking that if we did go to a hotel , if we undressed and went to bed , she would still return to her husband and children and the life she seems to find so unsatisfactory .
How bleak and depressing .
That night I 'm back in front of the computer looking for my next date .
And it 's easy .
So many women are eager to tell me they 're " stuck in a rut " or " want someone to make them feel alive again " .
I find it amazing how many of them are willing to meet me after exchanging only a few messages .
I could be a serial killer and they would be none the wiser .
Five married women send their mobile phone numbers to me without me even asking , disregarding the dangers .
All I would have to do is ring at the wrong time to cause marital pandemonium .
" Clarissa 44 " tells me she wants someone to show her romance .
Another warns : " I prefer Asian men as they respect older women " , but not wanting to miss out on a fling , she adds : " But I 'm not ruling out any nationality . "
It all seems so desperate , and desperately sad .
A few offer little by way of enticement : a " cuddly " 48 - year - old tells me " I can't promise to blow you away with wit and fine talk " , while another makes it clear that " I do n't want to be your counsellor " .
It is striking that most of these woman have no interest in my domestic situation .
They ignore the existence of my ( fictitious ) wife .
They do n't care that they are helping me cheat on her .
In fact , they 're encouraging it .
So much for the sisterhood .
Only one profile I came across shows any concern .
In it she cautions : " You must have a determination not to hurt your kids or partner . "
What she means is that she wants someone who is good at covering their tracks , and therefore protecting hers .
It is a stab at morality , but it rings hollow , given that the whole point of what she 's doing is deciding whether to meet a married man and cheat on her husband with him .
A few of my potential dalliances are cut short .
" Whispering Breeze " lets me down gently , informing me that she can " sense " I should try again with my wife , while Margarita provides the one note of demureness , telling me I 'm cheeky , but that she is too scared to be " tempted by flesh " .
Some days later , I 've arranged to have another secret assignation , this time in a pub .
Sue is keen to meet , and one early evening , this dark - haired , buxom 38 - year - old takes the opportunity to go behind her husband 's back and meet a strange man .
Sue , whose internet photograph was probably taken a decade ago , sits simpering across the table .
She gulps her wine down within minutes of me buying it , and looks up expectantly .
She talks about her career as a scientist in a hospital and then tells me she loves her husband of nine years , does n't want to leave him , but wants me to add some sparkle to her life .
Like the other dates I 've had , she is reluctant to discuss her personal circumstances .
We do not dwell on the fact she is married .
At one point , we 're approached by a couple who ask politely whether they can sit on the two vacant seats at our table .
I consider this for a moment , and realise it will close down the already faltering meeting .
" No , I 'd rather you did n't , " I say .
They go off miffed and Sue looks at me as though I 'm some sort of monster .
I do n't care - I 'm already fed up with this dull conversation .
For all the glossy , sexy chat and out - of - date pictures posted online , this is the rather tawdry , mundane reality of these adulterous assignations .
A pub on a wet afternoon and two people who have little to talk about except whether or not they are going to have a meaningless fling .
I look at Sue and decide to go for broke .
" If you love your husband so much , why are you here ? "
She looks as if she might burst into tears but then surprisingly she bites back : " Well , you 're betraying your wife , are n't you ?
Why are you doing that ? "
Stumped for a moment , I desperately search for a reason why I would cheat on my ( fictional ) sweet young wife before suggesting that we have grown apart and no longer communicate properly or sleep together .
This seems to satisfy her , and we chat for another 20 minutes .
It 's general chit - chat and all fairly inconsequential , which I find rather surreal given the reason we have agreed to meet .
Then I tell her I 've arranged to see a friend and had better go .
We walk out together and I go to peck her chastely on the cheek .
She turns her head and I have to dodge a sloppy wet kiss aimed at my mouth .
Sue has been fairly typical of the women I have encountered on this website .
She seemed lonely , bored and dissatisfied with her life .
All she could see ahead of her was an endless round of cooking , cleaning , career and children .
Of course , there 's nothing wrong with wanting to interrupt a destructive , depressing cycle to your life .
But what is shocking is the cold and calculating approach of these women , and the assumption that secret meetings with a married man can cure all the ills they see in their own families .
The women who use this website want romance , but these three meetings seemed utterly unromantic to me .
When we met , most of them acted as if they were prepared to go to bed with me on the first meeting , and for that they were willing to risk wrecking their own home life and mine .
Men are brought up to believe that it is we who relentlessly seek sex , that we are the ones who can separate the emotional from the physical .
But judging from the women I encountered , they have learned how to cast off their marriage vows and their love for their children , and risk it all for the sake of a liaison with a man they may never see again .
What a triumph for our times .
Tapping your phone is frighteningly easy these days .
So is tapping your Internet data stream .
A while back , I wrote an essay over on The Daedalnexus titled “ Telephony 101 – aka wiretapping is easy if you ’re the phone company . ”
I ’ve decided to repost it here with a few updates in light of Martin ’s post ( and comments ) today about how telecommunications companies are requesting immunity from prosecution for their parts in the illegal warrantless wiretapping program that Bush II ran .
The gist of it ?
If you use a phone or the Internet , you can be wiretapped and datatapped with just a few keystrokes from a technician located hundreds or thousands of miles from you , and all that protects you from that is network security and , at one point , a warrant .
Today [ 5/19/2006 ] , NPR ’s All Things Considered interviewed Carol Wilson , editor - at - large for Telephony Magazine .
Ms. Wilson generally did a passable job of explaining , in non-technical terms , how the phone network works .
But something that she said at the end of the interview would have left an impression in most people ’s minds that is just plain wrong .
So I emailed NPR the following clarification letter , quoted below .
Toward the end of today ’s interview of Carol Wilson , Editor at Large for Telephony Magazine , Melissa Block asked how the phone company performed wiretapping .
Ms. Wilson responded that collecting the content of the phone call was “ dramatically different ” and “ a whole different technology ” that was “ implemented in a very different way ” from how phone calls are logged for billing purposes .
While this is true , the emphasis Ms. Wilson put on her statement implied that wiretapping was technically difficult to perform .
As someone who designed telephony electronics for 6 years , I can say that is not the case .
The very same system that sets up a phone call from New York to Las Angeles can just as easily be set up to transmit the content to one , two , or a dozen different phone numbers simultaneously .
And because such wiretapping is performed by the phone company itself , there is no way to detect that the phone call was being listened to and / or recorded by the police , FBI , or NSA .
As Ms. Wilson says , such wiretapping is only supposed to be done under authority of a court order , but technologically , the only thing preventing the NSA , or a hacker even , from listening in on any conversation is the phone company ’s network security .
Now , since I actually wanted my letter to be read on the air , I intentionally kept the detail to a minimum .
But to understand how your phone , and your data , can be easily tapped , I wanted to explain in significantly more detail how the telephone network functions .
When you pick up your phone , your phone sends a signal to a piece of electronics known as “ access equipment . ”
Access equipment does exactly what you ’d think – it provides the you access to the telephone network via line cards that are designed to ring your phone , detects when you pick up the receiver , converts the incoming voice data ( we ’ll come back to this one in a minute ) from digital into analog signals that the phone ’s speaker converts into sound , and it converts the analog signal created by the voice microphone into outgoing digital data .
The access equipment has to be located within a few miles at most of the phones it services , so most neighborhoods have large boxes with fans that house the electronics to serve the neighborhood .
Apartment complexes or high - rise condos will have “ wiring closets ” where the access equipment is located .
Most access equipment communicates to the main telephone network switch over a DS1 or T1 ( T1 is the actual cabling while DS1 is the signaling protocol used over the T1 cable ) .
DS1s can carry up to 24 independent telephone connections simultaneously , and each connection is composed of 64 kbps voice data .
With a little overhead added to make sure the electronics stay synchronized to the network switch , the total bit rate of the T1 is 1.544 Mbps , going in both directions at the same time ( aka “ full duplex ” ) .
Given that 24 is n’t a really big number any more , most neighborhoods will be serviced by either multiple T1s or , just as likely , a DS3 or T3 . DS3 congregates 28 DS1s for a total of 672 phone lines at 44.736 MHz and coaxial cable instead of unshielded twisted pair cable that is very similar to Ethernet cable .
Moving further up the telephony hierarchy , we come to the network switch .
It ’s designed to switch thousands or tens of thousands of phone calls simultaneously .
It does this with what ’s called a “ time slot interchanger ( TSI ) . ”
Remember how I said that each DS1 had 24 channels ?
Each channel is called a “ time slot , ” ( for those of you with an technical background , the protocol is known as time - domain multiplexing ) and a TSI moves the voice data from one time slot to another time slot .
When combined with a “ crossbar switch ” that connects any one of hundreds of incoming DS1s to any other outgoing DS1 , the TSI connects your phone call through the network switch on its way from you to whomever you ’re calling .
Switches know which DS1 to connect to by storing information about where each DS1 is going physically ( DS1 # 376-390 might go to Kansas City , for example ) .
[ NOTE : Large switches often input DS3s or even larger optical links known as OC - 12 , OC - 48 , or OC - 192 instead of DS1s .
However , for this discussion , we ’re interested in what happens on a DS1 level . ]
As Ms. Wilson said , the network switch ( also known as a “ central office switch ” ) is responsible for setting up a link into the long - distance provider ’s billing network .
As you dial the phone number , that number is sent to the billing computers and they keep track of the duration of the call , the number calling , and the called number .
This determines who who gets the bill and for how much , and the system is roughly equivalent for land lines and for cellular phones .
The billing network is just complex enough to ensure that the phone companies bill the right people , so its technology is pretty wimpy .
Nowhere near powerful enough to tap into the content of the phone conversation itself .
But the network switch in the central office ( CO ) is more than capable of being configured to wiretap a phone conversation .
Once the phone conversation is in digital format ( which happens at the access equipment ) , it ’s just as easy to copy the phone conversation as it is to copy a song in MP3 format .
CO switches can be configured remotely by the phone company to copy the digital phone conversation to multiple time slots on multiple DS1s – all it takes is a few keystrokes by a configuration technician sitting in an office building somewhere .
This means that the 64 kpbs voice data you ’re creating as you talk into your phone can be copied to your local police department , FBI headquarters , the local NSA listening post , and the cell phones in the surveillance van up the street simultaneously and without you ever noticing .
Literally , any phone conversation can be copied and transmitted to any other phone number on the planet , and because it ’s been tapped by the phone company and in digital format , there wo n’t be any tell - tale clicks ( like you used to hear when your younger sibling picked up the phone to eavesdrop on your phone calls ) to reveal that the phone has been tapped .
It ’s just a few more keystrokes on that configuration computer to make sure that the outgoing links from the wiretapping agents go to each other instead of to the tapped parties .
As Ms. Wilson said in her interview , it ’s a totally different technology , but unlike she implied , it ’s a matter of a simple set of commands transmitted by a telephone technician .
Sure , it ’s supposed to be done only under a court order , but it ’s so simple to do that a hacker or disgruntled employee could do it without any trouble at all .
CO switches do , however , have lots of network security built into them to prevent hackers from doing exactly what I just described , but a national security letter from the Bush Administration gets around all that security pretty fast , and shazam !
you ’ve got yourself warrantless wiretapping .
Obviously , if you use a modem to connect to the Internet , it ’s as simple as copying the data stream in the same way .
But more and more people are connecting to the Internet via DSL and cable modem .
Unfortunately , both are just as easily tapped as your phone lines are .
First , let ’s talk DSL .
DSL is usually installed by telephone companies , and they use the same DS1 / DS3 / OC - N network I just described .
The difference is that the Internet optical backbone links are usually not run through standard network switches , they ’re run through Ciscso routers .
When I worked in telecommunications , our access equipment was being built with a remotely - configurable software router installed as well , and multiple time slots in the DS1s going into the equipment were allocated to the router data stream .
Which means that the access equipment or the central office has a big , remotely configurable router that pulls the data out of the voice stream and into the Internet backbone .
But because that router is remotely configurable ( remote configuration saves the telecomm companies huge amounts of money – and simultaneously makes it easer to wiretap their customers ) , the data can be shunted to multiple locations just as easily as a phone conversation .
Cable modem - linked Internet is pretty similar except that the cable modem connects via a shared cable medium that runs encrypted IP data from the cable “ head end ” ( roughly equivalent to the central office ) .
However , most head ends receive their video data via uni-directional downlink satellites – they cannot transmit Internet data back up to the satellite even if they wanted to .
So cable head ends are tied into the same Internet backbone optical links that the telephony central offices are , and generally via the same types of large data routers .
Not only that , but since the cable companies usually lease their links to the backbone switches , from companies like Sprint , Verizon , AT&T , etc. instead of of owning their own optical fiber , people desiring to tap your data do n’t even have to contact the cable company – it ’s one stop shopping for wiretaps at the metropolitan central office run by your local phone company .
And do n’t think that using voice over IP saves you in any way – your phone call is still going through a central office .
About the only thing VoIP buys you is the option for encryption – but if you think the NSA or FBI ca n’t decrypt your conversation , I ’ve got a bridge in Alaska to sell you .
Most people know that nerves work by passing electrical currents from cell to cell .
But you might be surprised to learn that no one knows exactly how anesthetics stop nerves from carrying pain signals .
That 's why two scientists believe that we really do n’t know how nerves work after all .
According to their controversial theory , electricity is just a side effect of how nerves really operate : by conducting high - density waves of pressure that resemble sound reverberating through a pipe .
" Nerves are supposed to work like a series of electrical transistors , " said Andrew Jackson , a physicist at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen , Denmark .
" This picture is at best flawed . "
If correct , Jackson and Thomas Heimburg , a Niels Bohr biophysicist and co-author of a recent paper describing their theory , would turn a long - held ( and Nobel Prize - winning ) theory on its head .
Alan Hodgkin and Andrew Huxley won the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 1963 for describing the electric transmission of impulses along nerves – a now widely accepted theory known as the Hodgkin - Huxley model .
But Jackson and Heimburg say that the inability to explain how anesthesia works , combined with other counterintuitive aspects of the theory , mean that nerves do n't rely on electricity to carry messages .
For example , the Hodgkin - Huxley model still has n't accounted for observations made a century ago by scientists Hans Meyer and Charles Overton .
They demonstrated that the strength of an anesthetic could be predicted by its solubility in olive oil rather than its chemical structure .
The more soluble the anesthetic , the stronger it was .
Since olive oil is similar to the lipid molecules that make up nerve cells , Jackson and Heimburg started questioning the generally accepted belief that anesthetics block electrical pulses by fitting themselves into pain receptors on cells .
That seems next to impossible , they said , because anesthetic molecules come in many shapes and sizes , and it 's difficult to imagine that they all happen to physically fit into all receptors .
" That is about as likely as tossing a coin 1,000 times and having it come down heads every time , " Jackson said .
Their theory , published in the Biophysical Journal , explains how nerves and anesthetics work as follows : Nerves are made of lipids that are liquid at body temperature .
A yet - to - be - defined mechanism creates high - pressure , semisolid waves that move through the cells , delivering messages .
Anesthetics , they suggest , lower the temperature at which lipids become solid , making it difficult for the waves to form , thereby preventing nerves from sending pain signals .
They also suggest that as the waves travel , they change the shape of the cell membrane , producing the electrical pulse that scientists currently mistake for the primary function of nerve cells .
The theory has not been well received .
Few are convinced that the inexplicability of anesthetics is reason to dismiss the Hodgkin - Huxley model .
One molecular biologist and ion channel expert even refused to comment on record about the theory because he found it too preposterous .
" The fact that we do n't know how anesthetics work make it a nice target for anybody with a new hypothesis , " said Roderic Eckenhoff , a University of Pennsylvania molecular pharmacologist .
" But the Hodgkin - Huxley model has been pretty well vetted . "
The mystery of anesthetics , however , is not the only inconsistency that Jackson and Heimburg point out .
Another example is the fact that as electricity travels through the nerve , heat is released and then reabsorbed .
This , said Jackson , contradicts the known behavior of electrical currents through a resistor .
" The heat generated by such a process is dissipated and not reabsorbed , " he said .
Scientists say that until Jackson and Heimburg can provide empirical data to support their theory , it will remain a fringe idea .
" I appreciate the place for theory in advancing science , but the weight of evidence is soundly on the side of electricity , " said Eckenhoff .
" When they provide some experimental evidence consistent with their theory , that 'd be great . "
Jackson and Heimburg say that 's exactly what they 're hoping will follow the publication of their theory .
" We hope that people will investigate the possibility , " Jackson said .
If it turns out they 're right , he said , " We might be able to help design cures for neurological problems and design better anesthetics . "
Meanwhile , the duo admit they very well might be wrong , but they believe their theory is worth testing .
" We might be wrong , " Jackson said , " but we 're not crazy . "
Post Content
Shoe , 9/28/20
A thing I will never get tired of is the facial expressions in Shoe , which convey a message that is very much not “ ha ha , we ’re birds but we think we ’re people ! ” and really much more “ God , the burden of existence is crushing . ”
The Perfesser ’s look in panel one is one that we ’re used to , basically conveying the message that everything has been going so badly for so long that he can’t feel anything any more ; Irv , on the other hand , is looking at his phone with a narrow - eyed rage that I honestly find refreshing .
Sure , he ’s made a lot of money off this car over the years , but it ’s garbage , you understand , garbage , and he refuses to work on it anymore .
It offends him as a mechanic that it ’s even in his garage , and he ’s tired of the Perfesser not recognizing this essential truth .
Mary Worth , 9/28/20
I love how everyone ’s take on Iris at this point is “ She seems in good spirits , but we do n’t see her around much , because of all the sex she ’s having . ”
This is n’t just idle gossip , though : Mary is of course the main power on the Charterstone condo board , and Toby , with Madi ’s help , cemented her own influence with a perfect dessert .
It seems like somebody is going to be dragged before the next board meeting , confronted with the HOA bylaws about owner occupancy , and slut - shamed into paying some hefty fines .
Mark Trail , 9/28/20
Wow , did Mark have to sleep on the couch because his open weeping about Andy was too annoying ?
That is ice cold , Cherry .
Visualize a tiny pressed - steel friction - motor toy car from Taiwan , the kind you roll backward to wind the spring .
Release it , and without combustion of any sort , it goes like pure hell in a straight line until it hits the dog , which gets up and goes into the kitchen for a drink of water .
Now visualize the same car full - size .
Big enough to get into and pull the door shut .
You 're at the Friday night " heads up " drags at Oregon 's Portland International Raceway drag strip .
On heads - up nights , you race whatever turns up in the other lane .
Your car , " White Zombie , " looks a bit like Taiwanese pressed steel and even makes a similar sound .
To the DMV , it 's a street - legal 1972 Datsun ( not Nissan ) 1200 dragster , despite the fact that owner and world - record - holding auto - electroid John Wayland replaced its engine with a custom - built siamesed pair of electric motors .
Seriously .
You and the 2350 - pound White Zombie inch forward in line , straight - pipe gas burners blapping all around you .
Zombie makes only a faint steel - to - steel grumble , its final drive gnawing on itself .
You roll out of staging toward the lights , and in the other lane is a pristine 351 - cubic - inch ' 72 Mustang Mach 1 - stock horsepower , 275 .
Its burnout is a fog bank of tire smoke like a NASCAR victory celebration .
This is gonna be terrible .
The Ford 's a beast , and you only have two puny electric motors - and no noise .
Feeling like a drag - strip cross - dresser , you do your silent burnout anyway .
The Datsun bucks and rumbles under you , emitting a respectable fog bank of its own .
You inch into the lights , the Mustang bellowing .
You hear every muscle - bound power stroke of its Cleveland 351 .
This is - is the word " silly " ?
The Christmas tree ticks down .
You tromp on the ( un ) loud pedal .
Suddenly , you 're looking straight down the length of your nose at the drag strip ahead , your helmet pinned back against the headrest so hard you can't pull down your chin .
The rear tires yaiiiieeeee - yipe !
The nose lifts .
Your front wheels are stationary ( you 're told later ) , while you positively devour asphalt .
The drivetrain makes violent mechanical juddering .
Which gets worse .
And as hard as you try , you can't lower your chin .
Far in the distance behind you : one really pissed Mach 1 .
White Zombie rushes into the night faster and faster .
Portland International assumes you know where the quarter - mile ends .
You do n't .
( Even locals do n't at night . )
Your foot stays down until the black - night scenery gets agricultural .
You let off at last .
There are small headlights in your rearview - some slow Mustang .
You covered 60 feet in 1.658 seconds .
The one - eighth mile came up in 7.713 at 86.83 mph .
The quarter took 12.353 seconds at 103.55 mph — and that was slow !
With a fresh battery pack and driver Tim Brehm at the wheel , Zombie has done 12.151 and 106.25 mph , the world record for street - legal electric sedans .
Presiding auto- electroid Wayland ( www.plasmaboyracing.com) says Zombie can beat a stock Corvette .
In fact , it can , as long as the Vette is n't a Z06 .
White Zombie 's heart is a custom - made power unit conceived and built after years of trial and error .
It 's basically two eight - inch electric motors running on a common shaft that 's about four feet long , built by Jim Husted .
The engine sits longitudinally in the bay and is joined to a Dutchman Motorsports
Ford nine - inch rear end by an aluminum driveshaft .
Maximum rpm is about 7000 , which , thanks to a 4.11:1 final drive , is just enough to get this direct - drive car down the quarter - mile .
Energy storage is handled by no fewer than 30 12 - volt Hawker lead - acid AeroBatteries , totaling 360 volts .
( That does n't mean much to most of us , but James Watt and Alessandro Volta would grin . )
Maximum output , says Wayland , is 325 horsepower .
No formal dyno testing has been done — these guys are n't millionaires .
But one nonnegotiable figure merits our full attention — the kick - ass - right - now characteristics of electric - motor torque deliver 772 pound - feet at zero rpm .
That 's what we call launch .
But wait , you thought Car And Driver thought , well , that electric - car guys are science - club nerds and recycle - your - sweat fringies .
Given half a chance , we do .
On the other hand , a really good lunatic fringe can be fascinating .
( Conversely , a sensible , well - reasoned fringe has no place in this magazine . )
And as it happens , electric drag racers inhabit a deeply spooky region at the outermost edge of fringieness .
They know enough to make scary - fast drag cars , and they have the good sense to giggle and belch loudly when one of their own defeats what is contemptuously called " a gas car . "
It happens .
Often .
That this applied lunacy should have started in Portland , Oregon , an otherwise dignified American burg , is a complete mystery .
Yet inevitably , now that it has begun , secret cells are popping up in more unruly quarters such as south Florida .
Portland , however , is the epicenter of NEDRA — the NHRA - recognized National Electric Drag Racing Association .
NEDRA 's de facto headquarters is a racer - immaculate two - car garage behind Wayland 's modest southeast - Portland home .
On drag - racing weekends , regional electroids mill around at Wayland 's property all Friday , smirking like conspirators , while the racers are getting their electrons in line .
The electro - dragster corps de ballet ranges from a decent 14 - second Porsche 914 , to a skinny drag bike , to NEDRA co-founder Roderick Wilde 's utterly intolerable four - wheel - drive ( and two ton ) Grumman postal van , " Gone Postal . "
On this weekend , Gone Postal would have what the networks call " technical difficulties . "
With all wheels grinding , its 60 - foot time was 1.89 at 44 mph — averaging more than 1.0 g .
Up to now , Wayland confides , the problem with electric cars has been that the wrong people owned them .
Very possible .
But ETs are ETs , and time slips do n't lie .
No matter what you — or we — think of electroids in general , two nights at Portland International made Wayland 's point .
Hey , these tire - smokin ' Oregon greenies got juice .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
President Bush is right about Iraq ; it is another Vietnam .
In fact , a reporter made note of this during the President ’s press conference before we invaded Iraq .
The President responded that it was “ a good question , ” but did not answer the reporter ’s question of what we would do differently to avoid repeating the errors of history .
The President ’s hubris that an invading army should be seen as “ liberators ” is still intact , even now , and the hubris and incompetence of the Left is similarly intact , too .
Nobody seems to understand why we were attacked at the World Trade Center almost fifteen years ago .
While the rare reporter could ask an intelligent question , we have no leaders with intelligent answers .
Our problems in Iraq are not the result of a lack of proper military planning ; our problems are a result of a lack of understanding of politics , history and economics , the same as with Vietnam .
We all went to the same schools and learned the same lies .
I 'm an adult now , and the lies are still the same .
Every war is a civil war .
The American Revolution was a civil war .
The attack of 9/11 should be seen as an act of continuing rebellion , and not as an act of " liberation " or war .
We all seem to know why people rebel against authority .
The reasons are taught daily in grammar school : unfair taxation , self - serving leadership , incompetence , immorality , gluttony and the abuse of trust and power ; yet we never apply these standards to our own politics or to our own political affiliations .
Nor do we move beyond them .
Always it is “ the other guy to blame . ”
The poor blame the rich , the Right blames the Left , the Pagans blame the Believers , and they all do likewise in return .
It is like an Orwellian ferris wheel ; everybody is guaranteed to get sick from fear or pride , and the status quo is to let the machine run unimpeded .
If I could draw a cartoon that represented all of human history , it would be of a lion sitting in front of a mirror , and in his reflection there would be a lamb .
The lion always thinks of himself as a lamb and never seems to understand that he behaves like a lion !
America is a rich and powerful lion in the world , and the way we treat the world is how we treat each other .
We have reduced our humanity to a dollar amount , and our courts and laws stumble like blind men in a maze of cages .
All we ever discuss is money , without ever discussing the role of money in society .
We curse our circumstances rather than shining a light , and gloat over our prey in victory .
Yet , we are not exempt from the golden rules of history : we reap what we sow .
If the ends can justify the means for ourselves , then others will believe the same lie , too .
Power and virtue are opposite standards with irreconcilable differences .
Power will always be attacked because of the burden it creates on others .
There has only ever been one path to peace , freedom , liberty and equality : To Love your Enemy .
Once we give honor to rebellion , we give honor to sin and sinners .
If we do n’t want to be ruled by lions , then we must stop acting like lions .
If we love our enemy , then we will have no enemies .
If we prepare properly for the next generation , then the next generation can avoid our sins , as we avoid our own .
No army can liberate a people from themselves .
If an army could do any good , then the good would have been accomplished long ago .
The dominoes that President Bush expected to fall have fallen .
The Iraqis believe in war and power , just like himself .
The reason that people rebel is because the government that creates the money also devalues it through taxes and Interest .
As a result , businesses pursue profits to pay the government ’s taxes , this in turn creates inflation for everyone .
To escape inflation , the pursuit of privileges through political force quickly follows .
The easiest way to get rich is to sell to the government or be supported by it .
This action simultaneously impoverishes us and our children .
Inflation leads to acrimony , and then thing begins to simmer .
Small differences become big .
People look for someone to blame .
Racism , ethnicity , and habit become the basis of groupthink and hatethink .
Paranoia , fear and anger eventually rise to the surface on the lips of an arrogant man and he creates a consensus of who should be the scapegoat .
Violence bursts forth like a volcano , and society collapses into civil war destroying all of its accomplishments along with the peace .
Lions battle lions , all in the name of protecting the lambs , of course .
But there are no lambs , only various degrees of fear and pride .
Our problems are deeper than a generation gap .
The past preys on the present through the control of the land , and through the issuance of charters and privileges .
Whether the land is controlled by the Church , the government or corporations , the effect is the same because the habits of control and centralization are the same .
An Empire is a central government , a central bank and a standing army , and that combination pre-determines the high value of land and the low value placed on humanity .
Foreclosures , bankruptcies , debt and hoards of wealth are something we ignore at our peril .
These are the antecedents of war .
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
The intellectual agreement that money represents makes everyone weak and crazy as inflation advances .
The love of money has never served men well .
There is only one way to stop these battles between two or more self - righteous lions .
The world needs a Jubilee , and then we can have peace and plenty .
The land has existed for billions of years , and there is more than enough for everyone without the need to fight over it .
The universities , unions , individuals and corporations are hoarding wealth and punishing debtors indirectly .
We are now persecuting our children with debt for college expenses , and then teach them to be greedy through shrewd banking simultaneously .
Every generation is amplifying the errors of the previous generation .
Government is the original instrument of greed and folly , but it is the individual acting on his own understanding of virtue ( or lack thereof ) that creates the government .
Pension funds , cash reserves , and endowments represent a fear of the future , not a plan for the present .
These idle hoards , and the merciless forces that created them , are crushing everyone equally .
We need to “ divest ” from our past habits and value people in the present instead of fearing the future .
In Jubilee we can wipe the slate clean and create the world we desire for all children , but we must all assume the role of a peacemaker not of a warmaker .
These ice & snow sculptures were created for International Ice & Snow festival held in Harbin .
The annual Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival has been held since 1963 .
Officially , the festival starts from January 5th and lasts one month .
However often the exhibitions open earlier and last longer , weather permitting .
Ice sculpture decoration ranges from the modern technology of lasers to traditional ice lanterns .
There are ice lantern park touring activities held in many parks in the city .
The Harbin festival is one of the world 's four largest ice and snow festivals , along with Japan 's Sapporo Snow Festival , Canada 's Quebec City Winter Carnival , and Norway 's Ski Festival .
Source : 1 Other Posts :
As I said hereÂ — and , earlier , here — the whole Syrian “ nuclear ” facility that the Israelis supposedly took out , in a faux - replay of the Osirak narrative , turned out to be a hoax :
“ According to current and former intelligence sources , the US intelligence community has seen no evidence of a nuclear facility being hit .
US intelligence ‘ found no radiation signatures after the bombing , so there was no uranium or plutonium present , ’ said one official , wishing to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the subject .
‘ We do n’t have any independent intelligence that it was a nuclear facility — only the assertions by the Israelis and some ambiguous satellite photography from them that shows a building , which the Syrians admitted was a military facility .
’â€ 
Now that the IAEA is has the satellite photos , the truth is about to come out :
One of the diplomats indicated that the photos came from U.S intelligence .
Two others said the images , which have been studied by experts of the International Atomic Energy Agency since being received on Thursday , do not at first examination appear to substantiate reports that the target was a nuclear installation , but emphasized that the images were still under examination .
The serial liars running our foreign policy do n’t care if theirÂ deceptions are exposed : the value of lying is the impression it leaves .
Many heard about the Syrian “ nukes , ” few will notice the debunking .
Bill Maher : 9/11
Truthers need professional help , not publicity
Mike Aivaz
Published : Saturday September 15 , 2007
Print This Email This
Want to get the news the media buries ?
Get Raw headlines in your browser .
Bill Maher takes a jab at the 9/11 Truth movement in a recent " New Rules " segment .
" Crazy people who still think the government brought down the Twin Towers in a controlled explosion have to stop pretending that I 'm the one who 's being naive , " says Maher .
How big a lunatic do you have to be to watch two giant airliners packed with jet fuel slam into buildings on live TV , igniting a massive inferno that burned for two hours , and then think ' Well , if you believe that was the cause ...'
Stop asking me to raise this ridiculous topic on the show and start asking your doctor if Paxil is right for you . "
The following video is from HBO 's Real Time With Bill Maher , broadcast on September 14 , 2007
A look into the advices of Kiyosaki and his rich dad !
On the same day it tried to refute reports that enterprise customers '
PCs were being force - fed the Windows XP desktop search tool , Microsoft Corp . did a turnabout and admitted it had messed up .
Some system administrators , however , were still not convinced that the company is telling a straight story .
Late Thursday night , Bobbie Harder , a program manager on the WSUS ( Windows Server Update Services ) team , said the update for Windows Desktop Search ( WDS ) had , in fact , been installed on some machines without administrator approval , and offered an apology .
On Tuesday , Harder said in a post to a company blog , Microsoft revised and released a WDS update package aimed at machines running Windows XP or Windows Server 2003 that did not have the desktop search tool installed .
The update was supposed to be optional .
" Unfortunately , in revising this update , the decision to reuse the same update package had unintended consequences to our WSUS customers , " she said .
" Many of you who had approved the initial update package for a limited number of machines , had Tuesdays ' WDS revision automatically install on all clients because of the expanded applicability scope and because , by default , WSUS is set to automatically approve update revisions .
" We sincerely regret the inconvenience this has caused and extend a sincere apology to all impacted customers , " Harder said .
Early on Thursday , reports from enterprise users running WSUS -- the Microsoft software that manages updates and patches to Windows client machines -- began hitting support forums claiming that WDS was installing without permission .
According to some administrators , the first hint they had of the unexpected installs came from users complaining of slow machines .
" I come in today to my entire user [ base ] complaining the network is slow , " said Ron Garrison on the Windows Desktop Search support forum .
" After some investigation , I learn it is n't the network ; it is all the users ' computers running slow because they now have Windows Desktop Search installed on them . "
Others reported the same symptoms , generated by the disk - and processor - intensive initial indexing of the files on the PC .
At first , Harder defended the update and admitted only that , " it may have appeared as if this update was deployed without approval . "
Nor did she originally apologize for any problems caused for customers , saying simply , " We appreciate the confusion this behavior caused . "
By day 's end , however , Microsoft had yanked the WDS update from the WSUS channel , and Harder promised her team would not make the mistake a second time .
" We are also working on improving our internal publishing processes to ensure this does not happen again in the future , " she said .
Some corporate users , however , were n't buying the mea culpa .
Several commenting to Harder 's blog posting and an earlier Computerworld story claimed that they had never authorized WDS installs on any systems in their care , which should have prevented any updates .
" In my case , WDS 2.65 for XP and for W2K3 was ' Not Approved , ' said a user identified as Dale Pre in a comment to Harder 's posting .
" WDS 3.01 for both was specifically declined .
There is not a single WDS - related approval on my WSUS , so this is not simply a re-interpretation of the rules .
This is breaking the rules . "
" I find it rather hard to believe [ Microsoft 's ] party line , since this update synchronized , approved itself and pushed itself out before I was even aware of its existence , " said another user , Ian B , in a comment to this story filed earlier on Thursday .
" The first indications of a problem were my network dragging itself to a crawl yesterday , and new things showing up on the desktop .
Previously approved ?
I think not . "
Other users simply vented , angry at Microsoft for putting them in a spot .
" Nice move , guys ... now I get to waste time figuring out how to disable this damn thing that I never wanted in the first place , " said Ed Handschuh on the same support forum as Garrison 's message .
" Way to go !
The trust level of the WSUS had just taken a serious beating . "
Harder also told users that they could uninstall the WDS update by using Windows '
Add Or Remove Programs control panel applet , by running System Restore on Windows XP or by using an uninstall script she provided .
This story , " Microsoft Now Takes Blame for WSUS Update Error " was originally published by Computerworld .
Examiners say some students wrote extremely violent content
An examiners report from the Edexcel board said one of the most frequently used titles for creative writing coursework was " The Assassin " .
It comes amid national alarm over a spate of murders and attacks involving young people .
The report also questioned high marks given for poor quality work .
Examiners said some students were producing thinly plotted and extremely violent content in their stories .
' Violent atmosphere '
" The Assassin ' again figured frequently as a title , " the report said .
" This facilitated candidates to write in their own voice but within a very limiting framework , which allowed them to create and maintain a ( sometimes sickeningly violent ) atmosphere but provided few opportunities for character or plot development .
Ian McNeilly , from the National Association for the Teaching of English , said teachers should be concerned by examples of violent writing .
" Any teacher presented with a script which manages , in the examiners ' words , to maintain a ' sickening ' level of violence should be concerned , " he said .
" We have got enough assassins walking the streets , unfortunately , without giving them time in the classroom , " he said .
The report also said some teachers were giving their students " incomprehensibly high marks " for " quantity rather than quality " .
" Some work , which was riddled with spelling , punctuation and grammar mistakes , was awarded incomprehensibly high marks . "
The report added that schools should also remain aware of the " pervasive issue " of plagiarism .
" The evidence of the folders suggests that centres ( schools and colleges ) take this very seriously and impose whatever controls they can to ensure student work is authentic , " the report said .
Quick , look at the picture with this story .
Are you looking at a comet ?
Nope , that ’s an entire galaxy .
But the process is similar .
In this case , an entire galaxy is plunging into a galaxy cluster .
The interstellar winds are tearing away at its structure , shedding material , and trailing stars behind into a trail 200,000 light - years long .
But it ’s actually a region of creation , not destruction , as millions of new stars are forming behind the galaxy .
The image you ’re looking at was captured by NASA ’s Chandra X - ray observatory as well as the Southern Astrophysical Research ( SOAR ) telescope in Chile .
The blue colours are regions bright with X - rays , while the red colours show regions rich in hydrogen gas .
The galaxy is called ESO 137-001 , and it ’s currently falling into the massive galaxy cluster Abell 3627 .
The pressure from the intergalactic wind coming from the galaxy cluster is causing gas in ESO 137-001 to heat up to millions of degrees .
At the same time , though , hydrogen gas is being stripped out of the galaxy and trailing behind for more than 200,000 light years .
From their observations , astronomers can detect that millions of stars are forming in this galactic tail ; the interaction between the gas and intergalactic wind is helping it collapse into massive star forming regions .
By galactic standards , these newly forming stars – most are less than 10 million years old – are going to be very lonely .
They ’re much further away from their galactic home than stars can ever normally form .
Life that might evolve on worlds in those regions would see a few stars in the night sky , and a large haze for their parent galaxy , but otherwise , the sky would seem black .
Original Source : Chandra News Release
Črkovalnik za slovenski jezik Brez tega ne gre .
Če si slovenski bloger je to edina prava pot .
Povezava .
Iskanje iz naslovne vrstice ( kot v operi - g ključne besede )
Gre zato , da namesto da bi klikal in izbiral iskalnik v iskalnem polju desno zgoraj , enostavno začneš pisati ključne besede v naslovno vrstico .
To je tam kjer ponavadi piše http://www.domena.si ali pa kaj podobnega .
Odlično je ko enostavno z eno samo črko določiš da iščeš in hkrati kje iščeš .
Pa , da ne dolgovezim bom rajši kar prešel na primer .
Greš na http://www.najdi.si, potem z desnim mišikinim gumbom klikneš v polje kamor ponavadi vpišeš ključne besede in izbereš opcijo " Add a keyword for this search ... " .
Potem pa pod " name " vpišeš recimo najdi.si , pod " keyword " pa vpišeš črko n in nastavljanje je končano .
Sedaj lahko v naslovno vrstico brskalnika vpišeš n blog in pritisneš na enter .
Odlično !
Tako se da preprosto narediti kratice za vse priljubljene iskalnike ( blogsearch.google.com , torrentspy , .... ) .
Zgodovina vpisanih url naslovov Oni pravijo 60 dni ?
vsaj 180 pravim jaz .
Kolikokrat ste začeli pisati url v naslovno vrstico in upali da se bo firefox spomnil celote namesto vas ?
Greš za 14 dni na dopust , prideš nazaj in ni več " starih " url naslovov v brskalniku .
Super .
No tole ima opera še zmeraj boljše , da se omejiti s številko ( recimo ohrani zadnjih 10.000 url naslovov . ) .
Časovno omejevanje je tukaj čisto neprimerno .
Mogoče česa ne vem ?
Akcije z miško All - in - One Gestures .
Verjetno najboljša razširitev , kar jih je .
Žal je tukaj opera še vedno bolj optimalna , firefox se nekako rad zatika ko imaš odprtih veliko strani .
Zakaj si ne zapomni nazadnje odprtih strani ?
Bolj namenjeno tistim , ki ugašajo računalnike .
Štorija gre pa nekako takole .
Bereš , odprtih imaš 10 strani , dobiš povabilo na kavo in v trenutku bi se rad odlepil od računalnika .
Računalnik ugasneš in s tem firefox .
Čez čas ko prideš nazaj bi rad nadaljeval od tam kjer si končal , a žal si spet na začetku .
Praznina .
Ena nastavljena domača stran enostavno ni več v modi .
Da se to ne bi dogajalo je najbolje če 1 .
V naslovno vrstico vpišeš about : config 2 . najdeš spremenljivko browser.startup.page
3 . postaviš vrednost na 3
Če se komu ne da raziskovati po about : config nastavitvah potem lahko isto doseže s Tools - > Options -> Main : " When Firefox starts " = " Show my windows and tabs from last time " ( hvala CyberChiper - ju za tole )
Izklop nadle žnega skrivanja zavihkov
Ko jih je preveč se kar začnejo skrivati , zato narediš 1 .
Vpišeš about : config v naslovno vrstico ; 2 . najdeš spremenljivko browser.tabs.tabMinWidth ; 3 . postaviš vrednost na 0 ; in potem nehajo .
Stranski bar Čisto sem se navadil na seznam priljubljenih strani ob strani in ne morem živeti brez .
To že nekaj časa .
Mam seznam približno 200 strani , katere po potrebi klikam in to na hitro .
Razširitev je : All - in - One Sidebar
Za spletne razvijalce Web Developer - Veliko vsega , če sodeluješ pri ustvarjanju interneta potem brez tega ne gre .
Html Validator -
Ali je stran narejena po standardih ?
IE Tab - Ali dela stran tudi v Internet Explorerju ?
FireBug - JavaScript debuger
LoremIpsum generator - Za generiranje dummy textov
SEO potrebščine SearchStatus - Fantastično orodje
SEO
For firefox - Sem pa tja pride prav .
Se ga da pa tudi vklopiti / izklopiti s klikom na ikono , kar pomeni , da ne dela zgage kadar ni v uporabi .
So here is one of the dominant media narratives in Beltway Punditland :
Petraeus is so manly !
And he was criticized .
In an ad .
In a newspaper !
Therefore , Bush and Republicans won the Iraq debate .
As I blogged earlier , based on Greenwald 's excellent work , many pundits were tripping over each other to declare Bush the winner .
Stuff like this , from Joe Klein :
It seems clear the President has won this round .
An optimistic general will trump a skeptical politician anytime .
Or Dana Milbank :
[ DANA ] MILBANK [ THE WASHINGTON POST ] : Bush had a terrible August down on the ranch and then has explosive Septembers .
And I think he 's won this battle already .
MATTHEWS : How so ?
MILBANK : Petraeus -- it 's no accident he had a Latin name .
It looked like he was the Roman general returning to the republic in his gold and purple toga , and they were celebrating him and slaying white bulls .
They could not get enough of this man .
And anybody 's who 's even critical of the war would n't dare criticize ...
MATTHEWS : Right .
MILBANK : ... except in the most polite way , General Petraeus because then you appear to be criticizing the troops .
I think it 's game , set and match here .
And so on .
Yet , as eager as they were to speak for the American people , the American people have essentially given them -- and Bush , and Petraeus , and the rest of the GOP -- nothing more than a middle finger .
A USA TODAY / Gallup Poll taken Friday through Sunday found essentially no shift in views on whether U.S. forces are likely to win the war — two - thirds predict they wo n't — and if the United States should set a firm timetable to remove troops .
In the days before Petraeus ' appearances and President Bush 's speech to the nation last week , 60 % supported setting a timetable for withdrawal and sticking to it " regardless of what is going on in Iraq at the time . "
Now 59 % do .
The findings underscore how attitudes toward the war have solidified 4 - 1/ 2 years after the U.S. - led invasion .
" In terms of public opinion , it seems like Petraeus did n't really change anyone 's mind , " says Christian Grose , a political scientist at Vanderbilt University who has studied the impact of the war on voting behavior .
" He may have bought the president some time in Washington ... but not in the public 's eyes . "
Imagine that .
People care more about the substance of the war than the do about some silly newspaper ad and the pundits who blather on about it .
No one could 've predicted that one ...
By Chris Morris
BBC News , Delhi
Tribal people say they are being robbed of their rights Pic : Simon Williams
The march begins on a national holiday marking the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi , the man who introduced the idea of non-violent protest to the nation .
It is intended to raise awareness about land rights and due to last for nearly four weeks .
The organisers hope 25,000 people will take part in the march .
Thousands of people began gathering in the city of Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh , chanting and singing .
Most of them are low caste and landless labourers or tribal people demanding legal rights over their land .
They are calling for a national authority to oversee land reform and a system of fast track courts to deal with the long delays in resolving land disputes .
Land reform is a huge issue in rural India .
The system is often corrupt and unjust .
So over the next few weeks these protestors will walk more than 300 km ( 180 miles ) to Delhi , where their leaders hope to meet , among others , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
It is a huge logistical exercise .
Those taking part are being broken down into groups of one thousand , to make sure everyone gets fed .
The march has been dubbed Janadesh - People 's Verdict - and it is described as non-violent civil disobedience .
MAY 24 -- In a recent raid on an al - Qaeda safe house in Iraq , U.S. military officials recovered an assortment of crude drawings depicting torture methods like " blowtorch to the skin " and " eye removal . "
Along with the images , which you 'll find on the following pages , soldiers seized various torture implements , like meat cleavers , whips , and wire cutters .
Photos of those items can be seen here .
The images , which were just declassified by the Department of Defense , also include a picture of a ramshackle Baghdad safe house described as an " al - Qaeda torture chamber . "
It was there , during an April 24 raid , that soldiers found a man suspended from the ceiling by a chain .
According to the military , the victim had been abducted from his job and was being beaten daily by his captors .
In a raid earlier this week , Coalition Forces freed five Iraqis who were found in a padlocked room in Karmah .
The group , which included a boy , were reportedly beaten with chains , cables , and hoses .
Photos showing injuries sustained by those captives can be found here .
( 12 pages )
Moto :
The Akira Bike ( Kaneda 's bike from the anime Akira )
About
Information about these bikes is VERY scarce .
Every piece of information that I have about these bikes is contained on this page , so please do n't send me email asking for more info ( I say this because I have already received hundreds of such letters ) .
This page is here for the sake of all you anime - kids , " big red " luvas , and unique motorcycle enthusiasts everywhere .
Please feel free to send any additional information you have to me ; it will be greatly appreciated .
I will eventually post any new info that I get to this page .
90 % of this page is from contributions by other people ; I blatantly copy and paste other peoples words and phrases .
I was keeping track of who contributed what , but in a classic un - saved file fiasco I lost it all .
I would specifically like to thank Michael " Meehow " Budzianowski , Bill , abelugo79 , KenedaRO3 , Patrick Signorino , Carlo Bocchio , and especially thank Ronnie " Raptor " Marion , Jr , who contributed most of the textual information for this page .
If you have contributed to this page and are not given credit please let me know ...
Please feel free to link to this page or steal any of these images - I did ! ;)
Thanks ,
-- Meico
Background
The Japanese artist Katsuhiro Otomo created the original design for this now realworld ( apparently ) motorcycle in his comic book series Akira .
Many people have seen images of the bike in the animated movie adaptation of that comic .
The bike in the comic and movie was an electric vehicle and was ridden by the character Kaneda .
The movie mentions that the bike features : " ceramic , double - rotor two - wheel drive , computer - controlled anti-lock brakes , 12,000 rpms " , and that it may be okay for you to " lower the rev below 5,000 while changing gears " ...
For much more comprehensive Akira information , you can go to http://www.bbakira.co.uk/.
Replicas
These are all one of a kind hand built models or machines .
I do n't know how much any of these cost to build .
White House 's replica
This [ above and below ] is the " official " AKIRA motorcycle .
It is probably the most highly accurate .
It was made by WhiteHouse , a Japanese custom motorcycle shop .
Sorry , I have n't gotten around to translating the text in the images yet .
All the information that they have is located here , but go ahead an paruse their site at http://www.whouse-jp.com/.
They also have several other specialized bikes .
It was built on order from Streamline Pictures / Kodansha , all the folks on the AKIRA Committee , as a promo for the film 's opening in theatres way back in the summer of 1988 .
It 's THAT OLD .
Now Manga Entertainment owns it , due to Streamline being bought out by Orion Pictures , then belly - flopping .
The bike is ( sadly ) just a prop , as shown by the B&W pics of the frame and fiberglass shell ( " FACTORY CATCH-UP ! " ) .
Turns out the only parts that actually work are the headlight , dash monitor ( which appears to have a VCR ?! ) , and speedometer , which gauges voltage , battery power and speed .
The frame does roll , however .
From these pictures it 's unclear if the bike can be steered , but I 'm pretty sure it does .
Manga 's replica
The one [ below ] that 's surrounded by akira stuff is owned by MANGA .
The picture was taken at an anime convention , I 'm not sure where .
Manga displays it as part of their promotion .
The fellow who took the picture said it did n't look so good ...
It 's hard to tell , but this is the same bike as above , but with the stickers changed for legal reasons , such as " WHITEHOUSE " which is the name of the japanese bike - modifications company that built it ...
In order to see that the two bike pics are in fact the same bike look carefully at that convention pic and the one with the live - action " Kaneda " sitting there .
The circular sticker ( which is SUPPOSED to say " BMW " ) is in the same spot on both photos ...
I guess Manga did n't want to remove that one .
Chris Hayes ' replica
This [ below ] is Chris Hayes 1/3 scale non-working replica of the " Power Bike from AKIRA " , as he calls it .
He constructed and photographed the bike for the purpose of being used in a theoretical promotion campaign of " AKIRA " the CDROM game .
The page on Chris 's bike at //www.herts.ac.uk/artdes/exhibition/2dnmodel/hayes.html seems to no longer exist .
Even when it did exist there were no email links on that page ...
Toys and models
McFarlane Toys ' has their own toy rendition of the bike .
Unfortunately there is much wrong with it ...
The geometry is definitely not quite right - it appears to be shorter and not as sleek looking as the original .
Also , the stickers are all changed - again probably for legal reasons - so the logos of " CANON " , " CITIZEN " , " SHOEI " , " BMW " , " ARAI HELMETS " are not present .
Even worse though the stickers that are present are completely symmetrical .
In the comic and the movie there were different decals on opposite sides of the bike 's front cowling .
The Airforce sticker is present but it is upside down .
Japanese magazines
There was an art book named " AKIRA Club " a while back showcasing the art of Katsuhiro Otomo .
More specifically , his AKIRA stuff , and AKIRA - related stuff .
It 's kinda hard to find anymore , as are all Otomo 's books .
In this book there were a few VERY small pictures of the real Bike , including the one pictured at the top of the page .
Pictured were shots of the " cockpit/ dashboard " in front of the seat , complete with all the buttons and screens and LED readouts seen so briefly in the film ; there was a really close - up shot of the windshield ( so close you could see the rivets that bolted the plexiglass into place , even though these are still VERY small pics ) along with the magazine it was in , a Popular Mechanics .
I regret to say I do n't know what the date of this magazine was , but it was definitely somewhere after July 16th , 1988 .
The bike appears to also have been featured in an article in a Cantonese anime magazine , possibly called A - Club , which featured a full scale replica .
This could have been the same Manga bike from the pictures above .
Real bikes
Akira Inspired
This bike [ below ] , while not a true replica is a functioning vehicle and was apparently inspired by the Akira Bike .
Other bikes like this
If you want to see other bikes that look like Kanedas from Akira go to any search engine and look up feet forwards or ff motorcycles .
Making one ?
It may be possible to build a true replica with the frame from the Alligator ...
http://www.allamericanracers.com/.
It 's actually pretty ugly , and the forks need to be more " chopperish " , you 'd also have to build the bodywork , not to mention that the engine position is all wrong , but the most important thing is that the frame geometry seems almost identical .
Rumors
Highly suspicious rumors have it that there are currently at least three working replicas ; all with different bodies and powerplants .
Other rumors even suggest that somewhere there is a a now fully working electric bike , with a carbon - fibre body , and matching kanedas bike right down to the stickers and curves .
Robert Mugabe aims to give more ownership to indigenous people
The goal is to ensure at least a 51 % shareholding by indigenous black people in the majority of businesses .
The bill completes a process that began with the controversial seizure of white - owned farms starting in 1999 .
Zimbabwe is currently experiencing the world 's highest inflation and shortages of food , fuel and foreign currency .
The bill still has to go to the upper house - the Senate - for final approval .
It already has the support of President Robert Mugabe 's government .
If passed in the Senate , the practical effect of the bill may , however , be severely limited , says the BBC's Peter Biles in Johannesburg .
Many foreign companies in Zimbabwe are already operating at a low level , with reduced turnover resulting from the seven - year economic crisis .
51 % share
Critics have said the Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment Bill could hurt investor confidence in Zimbabwe .
It stipulates that no company restructuring , merger or acquisition can be approved unless 51 % of the firm goes to indigenous Zimbabweans .
If we do not dismantle the structure of colonialism that we inherited then we have not given back all the country 's resources to its rightful owners
Paul Mangwana
Economic Empowerment Minister
Send us your views
The empowerment bill defines " indigenous Zimbabwean " as anyone disadvantaged by unfair discrimination on race grounds before independence in 1980 .
It also provides for the establishment of an empowerment fund which will offer assistance to the " financing of share acquisitions " from the public - owned firms or assist in " management buy - ins and buy - outs . "
MPs from the governing Zanu - PF party supported the bill in parliament on Wednesday .
" If we do not dismantle the structure of colonialism that we inherited then we have not given back all the country 's resources to its rightful owners , who are our people , " Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment Minister Paul Mangwana said , quoted by Reuters news agency .
Members of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) walked out of parliament in protest at the bill before voting began .
" We see it as a strategy to amass wealth by the ruling elite , and nothing to do with the empowerment of people , " MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa told the BBC News website .
All government departments and statutory bodies will be asked to obtain 51 % of their goods and services from businesses in which controlling interest is held by indigenous Zimbabweans .
Some firms dually listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange and London Securities Exchange firms include Old Mutual , NMB bank and Hwange .
Multi-national firms that may be affected by the new policy include Barclays Bank , Bindura Nickel Corporation and miner Rio Zim .
Senior British officials say the Zimbabwean government will be disappointed if it thinks it will gain much of value from the move .
NASA : Danger Point Closer
Than Thought From Warming NASA analysis says it wo n't take much to reach " dangerous tipping points . "
May 29 , 2007  -- Even " moderate additional " greenhouse emissions are likely to push Earth past " critical tipping points " with " dangerous consequences for the planet , " according to research conducted by NASA and the Columbia University Earth Institute .
With just 10 more years of " business as usual " emissions from the burning of coal , oil and gas , says the NASA / Columbia paper , " it becomes impractical " to avoid " disastrous effects . "
The study appears in the journal Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics .
Its lead author is James Hansen , director of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York .
The forecast effects include " increasingly rapid sea - level rise , increased frequency of droughts and floods , and increased stress on wildlife and plants due to rapidly shifting climate zones , " according to the NASA announcement .
Recent Climate Reports Underestimated How Soon
By heralding the new research paper , NASA is endorsing science that places considerably more urgency on the need to reduce emissions to avoid " disastrous effects " of global warming than was evident in the recent reports from the world 's scientists coordinated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
The new NASA release emphasizes the danger of " strong amplifying feedbacks " pushing Earth past " dangerous tipping points . "
Scientists have been warning for several years that such tipping points are the greatest threat from manmade global warming — and what makes it potentially catastrophic for civilization .
' Potentially Uncontrollable ' Feedback Loops
As the tipping points pass , " there is an acceleration , potentially uncontrollable , of emissions of vast natural stores of greenhouse gas , " according to Hansen , who reviewed the study for ABC News today .
Hansen explains that dangerous feedback loops are being tracked in various regions of the planet .
Many studies have reported feedback loops already observed in thawing tundra , seabeds and drying forests .
Hansen also points out that dark — and therefore heat - absorbing — forests are now expanding toward the Arctic , replacing lighter - colored areas such as tundra and snow cover .
The NASA research also reasserts the importance of the disappearing Arctic sea ice and snow , whose reflectivity has helped cool the planet by bouncing warm sunlight straight back into space .
The disappearance of that bright sea ice and snow is uncovering more and more dark water and bare ground — creating another dangerous feedback loop .
These feedbacks all produce more heat , thus all reinforcing each other , leading to evermore thawing — and thus releases of natural greenhouse gases ( including CO2 and methane ) in a viciously accelerating circle .
450 Parts Per Million
The recent IPCC summaries entertained " scenarios " of CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere ranging from 450 parts per million ( ppm ) up through 550 ppm and 650 ppm .
This new research says " C02 exceeding 450 ppm is almost surely dangerous . "
Hansen told ABC
News today he believes the upper limit for avoiding dangerous climate change " could well be much lower " than 450 ppm .
In the NASA announcement , Hansen said , " ' business as usual ' emissions would be a guarantee of global and regional disaster . "
Earth 's CO2 concentration is currently 383 ppm , up from 280 ppm at the start of the industrial age .
Studies released earlier this month report human - made emissions now spiraling upward at an accelerating rate much faster than scientists expected only a few years ago .
The NASA release points out that a 1992 treaty was " signed ( and ratified ) by the United States and almost all nations of the world , " which " has the goal to stabilize atmospheric greenhouse gases 'at a level that prevents dangerous human - made interference with the climate system . ' "
NASA says this new study thus helps " define practical implications " of that 1992 treaty — the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change .
The study says that " only moderate additional climate forcing ( which would mean only moderate additional warming from such emissions ) is likely to set in motion the disintegration of the West Antarctic ice sheet " — dubbed WAIS by polar scientists .
Many scientists say a disintegration of WAIS would mean catastrophically rapid sea - level rise .
The NASA / Columbia study is co-written by 48 scientists in the United States and France .
Philip Bourne , professor in the Department of Pharmacology at the University of California San Diego , wonders how science got left behind .
In his view , the academic science community pioneered the development of the Internet , but innovation has since shifted to the commercial sphere .
But he 's hoping that his new project , SciVee , brings science back a bit closer to the cutting edge by combining user - generated video content with tagging and communities .
Ars talked with Dr. Bourne about his efforts .
The initial premise behind SciVee is to provide a form of scientific communication that 's intermediate between abstracts ( which take a few minutes to read ) and a full reading of a paper ( which can take hours ) .
The primary type of video presentation that SciVee intends to host could be called a " pubcast , " in which a researcher provides a short video description of their work that 's synchronized to the display of text from the paper .
Initial efforts have been focused on the Open Access PLoS journals , which allow the use of the text , to stay clear of copyright issues .
Bourne hopes that SciVee pubcasts will help solve the information overload currently facing biomedical scientists ; he cited figures indicating that the PubMed database indexes 16,000 new publications a week .
He noted some informal work he 's done that suggested that people viewing a pubcast get a bit more out of it than they get from reading an abstract , even though the time invested is n't significantly greater .
Drawing in contributors
What 's the incentive for researchers to put the effort into creating a pubcast ?
" There 's actually a low barrier to entry , " Bourne said .
" All you need is a webcam and iMovie or Movie Maker . "
The SciVee site has tutorials for recording and editing video content on both Mac and Windows platforms .
Once the resulting video is uploaded , the site 's software walks users through synchronizing it with the text of the paper .
Bourne expects that grad students will produce much of the initial content , as SciVee provides them with a way to present their work to the entire academic community , an opportunity generally reserved for more senior researchers .
" It 's a chance to reach an international audience with your very first paper , " he said .
Long term , though , Bourne suggests that more senior researchers will be pulled in : " It 's the same appeal as open access publishing — these papers will have a better chance of being cited and creating a dialog about the results . "
He hopes to build a diversity of content in the same manner .
" Currently , we 're working with PLoS journals , contact authors of papers published in them via e-mail . "
Bourne said , " but we also estimate we can retrieve e-mail addresses for up to 25 percent of the papers indexed by PubMed . "
The site is also open to materials beyond pubcasts ; they 're already hosting video presentations from high school students who worked at UCSD .
" We hope to inspire other kids , " he said .
SciVee could also host material that 's not based on a publication , such as podcasts of lectures .
But no format has been ruled out so far .
" We hope to change the way science is disseminated and allow people to be creative , " said Bourne .
" We 've focused on the ' serious news ' so far , but there 's certainly room for the reality show equivalent . "
Ensuring quality content while planning to scale
SciVee does n't have a mechanism for peer review .
New submissions go into a holding area for five days ; during that time , the paper 's other authors have a chance to comment or reject the video .
Once it goes live , the community has a " report abuse " button to let administrators know of inappropriate content .
" From our perspective , the only way to handle this is through an automated mechanism , " said Bourne .
He 'd love to get an editor for the site to handle these issues and possibly manage the creation of the video equivalent of review papers .
Professor Bourne admits that this might be " wishful thinking , " given SciVee 's finances .
" The NSF [ National Science Foundation ] loves this , and we 've gotten seed money from them , but ensuring the longevity of SciVee is our first order of business , " he said .
Bourne describes himself as " flabbergasted " by the interest so far , but it has n't yet translated to stable , long - term funding .
For now , however , SciVee is well prepared for interest and content to build .
It 's largely built from open - source components , such as MySQL and Drupal ; homegrown code links these components together .
Bourne says they 're hoping to refine the existing setup via partnerships with companies that have expertise in search and video delivery in the future .
The site is currently hosted on a set of redundant servers at the UCSD Supercomputer Center .
" Bandwidth will not be an issue , " joked Bourne .
" We 've done some rough calculations , and we 're ready for an increase in traffic . "
Having viewed a number of the pubcasts , I think that Bourne clearly has a point ; by walking you through the body of the paper and having the author emphasize the key data points , the videos clearly have a higher information content than the abstract but do n't take nearly as long as reading the actual publication does .
So far , however , the available content remains pretty sparse .
Hopefully , interest will ramp up as more people become aware of it , since it does have the potential to become a valuable addition to the various approaches used to disseminate information to scientists in this era of information overload .
The mobile industry says there is no proof phones harm health Radio waves from mobile phones do harm body cells and damage DNA , a laboratory study has shown .
But the European Union - funded Reflex research did not prove such changes were a risk to human health .
The scientists behind the study , which has not been published in a journal , said more work was needed to see the actual effect of the phones on health .
But the UK National Radiological Protection Board said people should not be worried by the study 's findings .
A spokesman said the study had not shown the biological changes led to disease .
He added that even research looking at the effects of radiowaves on cells and DNA did not consistently find evidence of damage .
This research is no reason for people to be worried
Dr Zenon Sienkiewicz , National Radiological Protection Board , Around 1.5 billion people around the world use mobile phones .
There is an ongoing debate over their safety , with fears over potential dangers linked to mobile phone masts and the handsets themselves .
But the UK government - commissioned Stewart report in 2000 concluded there was no evidence of harm associated with using mobile phones .
However , the report did recommend a precautionary approach and said children should only use mobile phones in emergencies .
The mobile phone industry maintains there is no scientific evidence of harmful effects from electromagnetic radiation .
' Precautions '
The four - year Reflex study , co-ordinated by the German research group Verum , studied the effects of radiation on animal and human cells in a laboratory .
They found that , after being exposed to electromagnetic fields , the cells showed a significant increase in DNA damage which could not always be repaired by the cell .
The results of this study are preliminary , not yet published or peer reviewed and require further replication by other groups
Mobile Operators Association spokeswoman
Q&A : Mobile phone safety Damage was also seen in the next generation of cells .
Mutated cells are seen as a possible cause of cancer .
The study , which has not been published in a journal , also reported other harmful effects on cells .
The radiation used in the study was at Specific Absorption Rate ( SAR ) levels of between 0.3 and 2 watts per kilogram .
The SAR is the rate at which the body absorbs emissions from the phone handset .
Most phones emit radio signals at SAR levels of between 0.5 and 1 W/kg .
Mobile phones cannot be sold to unless they fall within the SAR of 2 watts per kg .
Franz Adlkofer , who led the Reflex study , said people should use landlines , rather than mobiles , wherever possible .
He added : " We do n't want to create a panic , but it is good to take precautions . "
He said definitive research would take another four to five years .
Other studies have suggested mobile phone radiation may have some effect on the body , such as heating up body tissue and causing headaches and nausea , but no study that could be independently repeated has proved that radiation had permanent harmful effects .
' No conclusions possible ' Dr Zenon Sienkiewicz , principal scientific officer at the UK's National Radiological Protection Board , said : " This research is no reason for people to be worried .
" It is an interesting study , but its conclusions should not be over - emphasised . "
He added : " The bottom line is that more research looking at whether mobile phones do have a measurable effect on health is needed . "
A spokeswoman for the Mobile Operators Association said : " Independent scientific review bodies in the UK and around the world have consistently concluded that the weight of scientific evidence to date suggests that exposure to radiowaves from mobile phone handsets and base stations operating within international guidelines do not cause adverse health effects .
" The results of this study are preliminary , not yet published or peer - reviewed and require further replication by other groups . "
She added : " It is not possible to draw conclusions from this preliminary data .
" The authors of this unpublished study acknowledge that this work will need to be repeated by independent laboratories . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Design Smart , Code Stupid ” is just another way of saying “ Do n’t be clever ” at the code level .
Remember that as soon as you write some code , you are now its primary maintainer .
If the code base is a hobby project , you may be the only maintainer , so you owe it to yourself to make your code easy to read .
If its not a hobby project , it becomes even more important ( if only to save face ! ) ; the last thing you want is other developer ’s looking at your code and thinking “ what does this line do ? ! ”
Instead , another developer should look at your code and think , “ this makes total sense , anybody could write this ! ”
A little self - test is to revisit your code a week or two after you wrote it .
If it confuses you and produces a lot of “ wtf ? ” then you need to simplify it .
Do you really need to use a ternary operator ?
Is it honestly easier to do a bit mask and a bit shift in the same statement ?
You may want to reconsider that nested a.get B ( ) .getC ( ).getD ( ) .doSomething ( ) you have going there .
So that ’s the “ code stupid ” part … kinda starting backwards here .
So every line should be obvious , but each one should also go toward solving a problem ( why else is it there anyhow ) .
As you take the view higher and higher through the system , it should continue to make just as much sense .
Each method should be well - named so that a person does not even need to look at it to know what the purpose is : the calling of a method should be as obvious as a built - in language construct .
At the class or module level , it should be obvious what role it serves in the big picture .
Multiple modules and classes should be “ packaged ” together as a cohesive unit that solves some problem .
Essentially , at whatever level a person looks , it should be obvious what what the system is doing , and why it is being done in the way chosen ( even if there are alternative methods ) .
And you know what , another developer will look at the design and think “ Man , that ’s smart ! ”
Because it is not easy to do for any non-trivial problem .
Because you know what , if you do n’t have a good view of the big picture design of your system , then neither will anybody else .
Instead , you will have a hodge podge of classes and methods that sort of work together .
You need to know what it is you are building before you build it .
Always think about the Use Cases !
I have no idea if Steve McCcconell uses the phrase in “ Code Complete . ”
I would not be surprised , as entire book is really devoted to the idea of building a system that makes sense at every level .
So I know that I am havingaa completely un-original thought , and I ’ll freely admit it .
I have no doubt read it so many times that its worked its way into me into some sort of meme .
Nonetheless , I just thought I ’d talk about it for a bit .
I try to live it and know that I screw it up all the time .
Update : Fixed the sentence on Code Complete , realized that I had left out like 4 words 😉
“ I have never seen it happen so quickly , ” said Steve Walsh , a mortgage broker in Scottsdale , Ariz .
“ Banks always do these little cutbacks here and there .
What they are doing now is a liquidity crunch .
It ’s a credit freeze . ”
Richard F. Syron , chief executive of Freddie Mac , the large buyer of mortgages created by Congress in the 1970s , said yesterday that the speed and severity of the tighter credit terms are surprising , but perhaps necessary given the excesses in the market in recent years .
In a telephone interview from Washington , he was wary of the calls by some mortgage industry officials that Freddie Mac and its cousin , Fannie Mae , step in to buy loans and securities that private investors will no longer purchase .
Mr. Syron noted that his company was operating under an agreement with its regulator that limited the size of its portfolio .
“ There are some loans that are in difficulty ” because credit pools are drying up , Mr. Syron said .
“ There are other loans that probably should never have been made and providing more liquidity will make that situation worse in the long term . ”
The interest rates on many popular mortgages have risen by as much as a full percentage point , if they are available at all , said George J. Jenich , founder of FreeRateSearch.com , a consumer Web site .
But rates on conventional fixed - rate 30 - year mortgages have held steady .
Bear Stearns scheduled its conference call to reassure investors after Standard & Poor ’s , one of the agencies that rates the creditworthiness of companies , said it was considering downgrading Bear ’s credit rating because of the collapse of two hedge funds it recently put into bankruptcy after they made losing bets on mortgage securities .
Despite all the worries about credit markets , however , the economy continues to plow ahead and even yesterday ’s jobs report was not weak enough to suggest that the Federal Reserve would cut its benchmark short - term interest rate when it meets next week .
Porphyria
All you want to know
Porphyria vampires
An original reason of a werewolf and vampire myths was suggested by David Dolphin .
He was a biochemist and for the first time published this theory in 1985 .
In this theory porphyria is suggested as an explanation for such myths .
It sounds logically because there are many similarities in porphyria symptoms and the folklore descriptions of vampires .
David Dolphin assumption gave a life to an urban legend , where assocation between vampires and porphyria is accepted as a fact .
Porphyria cutanea tarda is a disease , which lead to an hyper sensitivity of skin to a sunlight .
Exposing areas of skin to light can cause an abnormal hair growth , scarring and disfigurements .
As an additional prove of this theory spoke the fact , that the missing heme of a porphyria victims should be restored through the stomach .
These thoughts correlate to the legends about vampires drinking human blood .
Believe it or not , Michael Medved has a column at Townhall making excuses for slavery in America .
It was n’t all that bad , he says .
Medved presents six “ inconvenient truths ” about slavery , which ( condensed ) are :
1. American did n’t invent slavery .
Lots of other countries did it too .
Yes , but by the mid-19th century the practice had been pretty much run out of Europe , as well as the northern states , for being barbaric and immoral .
2. Slavery existed only briefly — 89 years from the Declaration of Independence to the 13th Amendment .
It probably did n’t seem all that brief to the persons who were enslaved .
And , of course , it had been going on for some time before the Declaration of Independence .
Medved figures that only about 5 percent of today ’s Americans are the descendants of slave owners .
That may or may not be true , but I ’m not sure why it ’s relevant to anything .
3. Slavery was n’t genocidal .
Dead slaves brought no profit , Medved says .
Of course , about a third of the people captured in Africa to be sold into slavery died in the ship voyage to America , but Medved says the slavers did n’t intend the slaves to die , so it does n’t count .
“ And as with their horses and cows , slave owners took pride and care in breeding as many new slaves as possible , ” Medved writes .
No , really , he actually wrote that .
I am not making this up .
4 . It is not true that the United States became wealthy through slave labor , Medved says .
Many “ free soil ” states were more prosperous overall than the slave states .
That may be true , or not , but those cotton plantations were cash cows for the plantation owners .
In 1855 raw cotton amounted to one - half of all U.S. exports , valuing $ 100 million annually in 1855 dollars .
( Source : Encyclopedia of American Facts & Dates [ Harper & Row , 1987 ] p. 255 . )
There was huge income disparity in the slave states ; the plantation - owning elite hoarded the wealth .
5 . The United States deserves special credit for abolition .
Huh ?
6 . “ There is no reason to believe today ’s African - Americans would be better off if their ancestors had remained in Africa . ” Actual quote .
Who says conservatives are insensitive ?
Well , me , for one .
Jillian at Sadly , No and John Holbo at Crooked Timber also comment .
But no one so far has asked the critical question , which is What the hell was eating at Medved ’s reptilian brain that inspired him to write this ?
Has criticism of American slavery been in the news lately ?
Update : See also Kevin at Lean Left , who has a more substantive retort to “ fact ” # 5 than I did .
Year the British ended slavery throughout the Empire : 1833 .
Number of wars it took to do so : 0 . Year the Spanish Empire ended slavery ( except in Cuba , where the ban was not enforced by local governors until 1886 ) : 1811 .
Number of wars to do so : 0 . Year the U.S. ended slavery throughout the country and its territories : 1865 .
Number of wars it took to do it : 1 , the bloodiest one in American history .
In fact , all European powers abolished slavery before the United States did .
So , no , dear Mr. Medved , we as a nation donâ€™t deserve special credit for a bloody damn thing .
We were below average , even by the standards of the day .
Update 2 : I ’d like to add that during our civil war the wealthy industrial interests of Britain put a lot of pressure on Victoria and Parliament to enter the war on the side of the Confederacy .
The Americas were their chief supplier of raw materials for their textile mills , and the owners were losing money .
But anti-slavery sentiment was so strong in Britain — even among mill workers who ’d been laid off because of the war — that active support for the Confederacy was out of the question .
And , of course , Prince Albert favored the Union , which means Victoria did , also .
Update 3 : This is a riot .
Share Tweet Share
Like this : Like Loading ...
In winter there is not much food in Russian forest ( as well as in any other Northern forest in the world ) .
So Russian beavers do n’t waste their time on some small trees , they want to do it big .
A week after Columbia University termed itself a stronghold of free speech for hosting the Iranian dictator , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a new documentary about censorship on college campuses claims that Columbia administrators demanded content review of all footage shot on its property in an effort to stifle an unflattering representation of the university .
" Indoctrinate - U , " which premiered at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington , D.C. , last Friday , claims that America 's colleges and universities bill themselves as bastions of reasoned debate even while enforcing political conformity by silencing viewpoints that they do not consider politically correct .
In deleted scenes posted on the Web site for the documentary , the director of the film , Evan Mahoney , recorded his dealings with administrators regarding the rules for filming at Columbia .
" The way I was treated was something out of an East German playbook , " Mr. Mahoney said during an interview yesterday , explaining the footage .
" The university said there had to be a handler with me at all times .
They wanted to have final content control .
After I filmed with one of their handlers , I would n't be allowed to release anything publicly unless they approved it .
They said the amount of money to pay was dependent on what our point of view was . "
In footage posted on the film 's Web site , Mr. Maloney shows a Columbia administrator , filmed only from the neck down , saying that the content of the film needed to be approved so that the university was portrayed in " the best possible light . "
He tells Mr. Mahoney that filming on campus costs $ 1,500 an hour .
A Columbia spokesman , Robert Hornsby , said the university does not perform content reviews of any footage filmed on campus .
The employee who appears in the documentary no longer manages the film permits , and only Hollywood production companies pay the rate of $ 1,500 an hour to shoot on campus , he said .
Mr. Mahoney said he chose not to comply with the university 's rules .
One scene in which he asks students to identify Adolf Hitler , Osama bin Laden , or a Columbia professor as the source of an anti-Semitic description of Israeli Jews was cut from the film but now appears online .
In the extra footage , students express shock when they are informed that a chaired professor of Iranian Studies at Columbia , Hamid Dabashi , wrote of Israeli Jews that " the way they talk , walk , the way they greet each other , there is a vulgarity of character that is bone - deep and structural to the skeletal vertebrae of its culture . "
Sudden LAN Death
After installing Windows Vista in our new storage testbed which uses the nForce 590 SLI - based ASUS P5N32SLI Premium motherboard , we noticed something odd .
The network connection always dies after some time .
There was no warning .
No error message .
The network connection just was n't there .
At first , we thought the driver for the onboard LAN controller was not installed properly .
But when we checked the Device Manager , both LAN ports were properly installed and in running order .
The only way to get the network up and running again was to reboot it .
Even logging off and back in again did n't work .
It had to be the driver .
After all , Windows Vista drivers are n't that great these days .
However , we are already using the latest NVIDIA nForce driver - version 15.00 .
Unless NVIDIA releases a new driver , we would have to resign ourselves to restart the testbed whenever we wanted to use the network .
But after several reboots , we noticed that the network connection only disappeared after we let the testbed " snooze " in between use .
It never went down if we continuously used the system .
Now , it was becoming apparent that this problem was somehow related to power saving .
And indeed it was !
The Solution
After several rounds of tests , we nailed the culprit - a single power saving setting in the LAN controller 's driver properties page .
Now , we are not sure if this is an NVIDIA - specific issue , or a bug in Windows Vista , but here 's how we corrected the problem :
Click Start -> Control Panel -> Device Manager .
Look for the Network Adaptor section and double - click the problematic network controller to open up its properties page .
Select the Power Management tab .
You will see the screen shown on the right .
Note the first setting - Allow the c omputer to turn off this device to save power .
You will see that it 's checked ( enabled ) by default .
To correct this problem , un check that setting ( Allow the c omputer to turn off this device to save power ) .
Click OK and you are done .
Repeat as needed for any other network controller that may be exhibiting this problem .
That 's it .
There 's no need to restart the computer .
Your network connection should no longer disappear .
Our Analysis
Apparently , when the system went to sleep , it also turned off the network controller .
That 's really not supposed to happen if the network controller is active .
We actually tested the system by running a Bittorrent client downloading several files .
Even though the network controller was actively transferring data , the system shut it down when it went to sleep .
But that was n't what killed the network connection .
That occurred when we woke up the system .
By right , the network controller should wake up as well to resume normal active operation .
However , it appears that the network controller just could n't wake up .
To the system , the network controller was working fine ( which is what we saw in Device Manager ) but the device itself was dead to the world .
Again , we have no idea whether we have the device driver to blame for this , or Windows Vista .
In any case , it pays to watch out for this problem and apply the workaround above until there 's a newer driver or perhaps a patch for Windows Vista .
At least , there 's a workaround ... which is what we cannot say for the next problem we will be talking about - USB mice that stall for several seconds .
Flatland
A Romance of Many Dimensions
With Illustrations
by the Author , A SQUARE
[ Edwin Abbott Abbott ]
( 1838 -1926 )
" Fie , fie how franticly I square my talk ! "
Second , revised edition , 1884
Table of Contents
Dedication
To
The Inhabitants of SPACE IN GENERAL
And H.C. IN PARTICULAR
This Work is Dedicated
By a Humble Native of Flatland
In the Hope that
Even as he was Initiated into the Mysteries
Of THREE Dimensions
Having been previously conversant
With ONLY TWO
So the Citizens of that Celestial Region
May aspire yet higher and higher
To the Secrets of FOUR FIVE OR EVEN SIX Dimensions
Thereby contributing
To the Enlargment of THE IMAGINATION
And the possible Development
Of that most and excellent Gift of MODESTY
Among the Superior Races
Of SOLID HUMANITY
A Note on the Text
Copy - text for this HTML edition is the Princeton Science Library edition of Flatland , new material copyright 1991 by Princeton University Press , 41 William Street , Princeton , N.J. 08540 , all rights reserved .
We do not reproduce any of the copyrighted material here , for example the excellent introduction by Thomas Banchoff .
This edition is a reprint of the 6th edition by Dover Publications , 1953 , ISBN 0-691-02525-8 , QA699.A13 , 1991 , 530.1'1--dc20 , 90-28266 .
Since some page number references were incorrect , we altered them to Section and paragraph links instead .
This edition is also a corrected edition of the ASCII " Internet Wiretap Electronic Edition of FLATLAND , [ Fifth Edition , Revised ] , A Public Domain Text , Instantiated by aloysius@west.darkside.com in November 1990 , The Internet Wiretap , of Cupertino , California , gopher@wiretap.spies.com . "
We have restored the illustrations by Abbott and the table of contents , as well as corrected a great many misprints in the Wiretap edition .
We have not attempted to provide notes for this edition .
The usual introductions make it clear that Abbott intended a social satire of Victorian England 's society , and an expression of his efforts to advance the cause of education for women and classes lower than the English aristocracy .
Abbott was a successful theologian , classics scholar , and Shakespeare expert ( which explains the Shakespearean references in the frontispiece and several quotations in this book ) , as well as proficient in mathematics .
He was headmaster of the City of London School , a day school from which he had graduated .
Flatland has been discovered with delight by each generation since it was issued , and has remained in print since then .
Introductions have pointed out the applicability to modern art , 20th - century physics , computer graphics and modeling , and exploratory data analysis .
Readers might also enjoy a sequel , Sphereland , by Dionys Burger , 1965 , as well as Madeleine L'Engle 's A Wrinkle in Time .
A novel that has Fourth Dimension elements can also be found online : The Inheritors , jointly authored by Joseph Conrad and Ford Madox Hueffer ( Ford ) ( 1901 ) .
Cogitators of the fourth dimension should be aware that Abbott is not talking about TIME .
Time is the fourth dimension in a three - dimensional world , the fifth in a four - dimensional world , and so on .
The dimensions he refers to are then of " space , " or shall we say , " hyperspace . "
Edwin Abbott Abbott ( 1838 - 1926 )
Frontispiece
Virtual Friendship and the New Narcissism
Christine Rosen
For centuries , the rich and the powerful documented their existence and their status through painted portraits .
A marker of wealth and a bid for immortality , portraits offer intriguing hints about the daily life of their subjects — professions , ambitions , attitudes , and , most importantly , social standing .
Such portraits , as German art historian Hans Belting has argued , can be understood as “ painted anthropology , ” with much to teach us , both intentionally and unintentionally , about the culture in which they were created .
Self - portraits can be especially instructive .
By showing the artist both as he sees his true self and as he wishes to be seen , self - portraits can at once expose and obscure , clarify and distort .
They offer opportunities for both self - expression and self - seeking .
They can display egotism and modesty , self - aggrandizement and self - mockery .
Today , our self - portraits are democratic and digital ; they are crafted from pixels rather than paints .
On social networking websites like MySpace and Facebook , our modern self - portraits feature background music , carefully manipulated photographs , stream - of - consciousness musings , and lists of our hobbies and friends .
They are interactive , inviting viewers not merely to look at , but also to respond to , the life portrayed online .
We create them to find friendship , love , and that ambiguous modern thing called connection .
Like painters constantly retouching their work , we alter , update , and tweak our online self - portraits ; but as digital objects they are far more ephemeral than oil on canvas .
Vital statistics , glimpses of bare flesh , lists of favorite bands and favorite poems all clamor for our attention — and it is the timeless human desire for attention that emerges as the dominant theme of these vast virtual galleries .
Although social networking sites are in their infancy , we are seeing their impact culturally : in language ( where to friend is now a verb ) , in politics ( where it is de rigueur for presidential aspirants to catalogue their virtues on MySpace ) , and on college campuses ( where not using Facebook can be a social handicap ) .
But we are only beginning to come to grips with the consequences of our use of these sites : for friendship , and for our notions of privacy , authenticity , community , and identity .
As with any new technological advance , we must consider what type of behavior online social networking encourages .
Does this technology , with its constant demands to collect ( friends and status ) , and perform ( by marketing ourselves ) , in some ways undermine our ability to attain what it promises — a surer sense of who we are and where we belong ?
The Delphic oracle ’s guidance was know thyself .
Today , in the world of online social networks , the oracle ’s advice might be show thyself .
Making Connections
The earliest online social networks were arguably the Bulletin Board Systems of the 1980s that let users post public messages , send and receive private messages , play games , and exchange software .
Some of those BBSs , like The WELL ( Whole Earth ’ Lectronic Link ) that technologist Larry Brilliant and futurist Stewart Brand started in 1985 , made the transition to the World Wide Web in the mid-1990s .
( Now owned by Salon.com , The WELL boasts that it was “ the primordial ooze where the online community movement was born . ” )
Other websites for community and connection emerged in the 1990s , including Classmates.com ( 1995 ) , where users register by high school and year of graduation ; Company of Friends , a business - oriented site founded in 1997 ; and Epinions , founded in 1999 to allow users to give their opinions about various consumer products .
A new generation of social networking websites appeared in 2002 with the launch of Friendster , whose founder , Jonathan Abrams , admitted that his main motivation for creating the site was to meet attractive women .
Unlike previous online communities , which brought together anonymous strangers with shared interests , Friendster uses a model of social networking known as the “ Circle of Friends ” ( developed by British computer scientist Jonathan Bishop ) , in which users invite friends and acquaintances — that is , people they already know and like — to join their network .
Friendster was an immediate success , with millions of registered users by mid-2003 .
But technological glitches and poor management at the company allowed a new social networking site , MySpace , launched in 2003 , quickly to surpass it .
Originally started by musicians , MySpace has become a major venue for sharing music as well as videos and photos .
It is now the behemoth of online social networking , with over 100 million registered users .
Connection has become big business :
In 2005 , Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corporation bought MySpace for $ 580 million .
Besides MySpace and Friendster , the best - known social networking site is Facebook , launched in 2004 .
Originally restricted to college students , Facebook — which takes its name from the small photo albums that colleges once gave to incoming freshmen and faculty to help them cope with meeting so many new people — soon extended membership to high schoolers and is now open to anyone .
Still , it is most popular among college students and recent college graduates , many of whom use the site as their primary method of communicating with one another .
Millions of college students check their Facebook pages several times every day and spend hours sending and receiving messages , making appointments , getting updates on their friends ’ activities , and learning about people they might recently have met or heard about .
There are dozens of other social networking sites , including Orkut , Bebo , and Yahoo 360 º .
Microsoft recently announced its own plans for a social networking site called Wallop ; the company boasts that the site will offer “ an entirely new way for consumers to express their individuality online . ”
( It is noteworthy that Microsoft refers to social networkers as “ consumers ” rather than merely “ users ” or , say , “ people . ” )
Niche social networking sites are also flourishing : there are sites offering forums and fellowship for photographers , music lovers , and sports fans .
There are professional networking sites , such as Linked In , that keep people connected with present and former colleagues and other business acquaintances .
There are sites specifically for younger children , such as Club Penguin , which lets kids pretend to be chubby , colored penguins who waddle around chatting , playing games , earning virtual money , and buying virtual clothes .
Other niche social networking sites connect like - minded self - improvers ; the site 43 things.com encourages people to share their personal goals .
Click on “ watch less TV , ” one of the goals listed on the site , and you can see the profiles of the 1,300 other people in the network who want to do the same thing .
And for people who want to join a social network but do n’t know which niche site is right for them , there are sites that help users locate the proper online social networking community for their particular ( or peculiar ) interests .
Social networking sites are also fertile ground for those who make it their lives ’ work to get your attention — namely , spammers , marketers , and politicians .
Incidents of spamming and spyware on MySpace and other social networking sites are legion .
Legitimate advertisers such as record labels and film studios have also set up pages for their products .
In some cases , fictional characters from books and movies are given their own official MySpace pages .
Some sports mascots and brand icons have them , too .
Procter & Gamble has a Crest toothpaste page on MySpace featuring a sultry - looking model called “ Miss Irresistible . ”
As of this summer , she had about 50,000 users linked as friends , whom she urged to “ spice it up by sending a naughty ( or nice ) e-card . ”
The e-cards are emblazoned with Crest or Scope logos , of course , and include messages such as “ I wanna get fresh with you ” or “ Pucker up baby — I ’m getting fresh . ”
A P& G marketing officer recently told the Wall Street Journal that from a business perspective , social networking sites are “ going to be one giant living dynamic learning experience about consumers . ”
As for politicians , with the presidential primary season now underway , candidates have embraced a no - website - left - behind policy .
Senator Hillary Clinton has official pages on social networking sites MySpace , Flickr , LiveJournal , Facebook , Friendster , and Orkut .
As of July 1 , 2007 , she had a mere 52,472 friends on MySpace ( a bit more than Miss Irresistible ) ; her Democratic rival Senator Barack Obama had an impressive 128,859 .
Former Senator John Edwards has profiles on twenty - three different sites .
Republican contenders for the White House are poorer social networkers than their Democratic counterparts ; as of this writing , none of the GOP candidates has as many MySpace friends as Hillary , and some of the leading Republican candidates have no social networking presence at all .
Despite the increasingly diverse range of social networking sites , the most popular sites share certain features .
On MySpace and Facebook , for example , the process of setting up one ’s online identity is relatively simple : Provide your name , address , e-mail address , and a few other pieces of information and you ’re up and running and ready to create your online persona .
MySpace includes a section , “ About Me , ” where you can post your name , age , where you live , and other personal details such as your zodiac sign , religion , sexual orientation , and relationship status .
There is also a “ Who I ’d Like to Meet ” section , which on most MySpace profiles is filled with images of celebrities .
Users can also list their favorite music , movies , and television shows , as well as their personal heroes ; MySpace users can also blog on their pages .
A user “ friends ” people — that is , invites them by e-mail to appear on the user ’s “ Friend Space , ” where they are listed , linked , and ranked .
Below the Friends space is a Comments section where friends can post notes .
MySpace allows users to personalize their pages by uploading images and music and videos ; indeed , one of the defining features of most MySpace pages is the ubiquity of visual and audio clutter .
With silly , hyper flashing graphics in neon colors and clip - art style images of kittens and cartoons , MySpace pages often resemble an overdecorated high school yearbook .
By contrast , Facebook limits what its users can do to their profiles .
Besides general personal information , Facebook users have a “ Wall ” where people can leave them brief notes , as well as a Messages feature that functions like an in - house Facebook e-mail account .
You list your friends on Facebook as well , but in general , unlike MySpace friends , which are often complete strangers ( or spammers )
Facebook friends tend to be part of one ’s offline social circle .
( This might change , however , now that Facebook has opened its site to anyone rather than restricting it to college and high school students . )
Facebook ( and MySpace ) allow users to form groups based on mutual interests .
Facebook users can also send “ pokes ” to friends ; these little digital nudges are meant to let someone know you are thinking about him or her .
But they can also be interpreted as not - so - subtle come-ons ; one Facebook group with over 200,000 members is called “ Enough with the Poking , Let ’s Just Have Sex . ”
Degrees of Separation
It is worth pausing for a moment to reflect on the curious use of the word networking to describe this new form of human interaction .
Social networking websites “ connect ” users with a network — literally , a computer network .
But the verb to network has long been used to describe an act of intentional social connecting , especially for professionals seeking career - boosting contacts .
When the word first came into circulation in the 1970s , computer networks were rare and mysterious .
Back then , “ network ” usually referred to television .
But social scientists were already using the notion of networks and nodes to map out human relations and calculate just how closely we are connected .
In 1967 , Harvard sociologist and psychologist Stanley Milgram , best known for his earlier Yale experiments on obedience to authority , published the results of a study about social connection that he called the “ small world experiment . ”
“ Given any two people in the world , person X and person Z , ” he asked , “ how many intermediate acquaintance links are needed before X and Z are connected ? ”
Milgram ’s research , which involved sending out a kind of chain letter and tracing its journey to a particular target person , yielded an average number of 5.5 connections .
The idea that we are all connected by “ six degrees of separation ” ( a phrase later popularized by playwright John Guare ) is now conventional wisdom .
But is it true ?
Duncan J. Watts , a professor at Columbia University and author of Six Degrees : The Science of a Connected Age , has embarked on a new small world project to test Milgram ’s theory .
Similar in spirit to Milgram ’s work , it relies on e-mail to determine whether “ any two people in the world can be connected via ‘ six degrees of separation . ’ ”
Unlike Milgram ’s experiment , which was restricted to the United States , Watts ’s project is global ; as he and his colleagues reported in Science , “ Targets included a professor at an Ivy League university , an archival inspector in Estonia , a technology consultant in India , a policeman in Australia , and a veterinarian in the Norwegian army . ”
Their early results suggest that Milgram might have been right : messages reached their targets in five to seven steps , on average .
Other social networking theorists are equally optimistic about the smallness of our wireless world .
In Linked : The New Science of Networks , Albert - László Barabási enthuses , “ The world is shrinking because social links that would have died out a hundred years ago are kept alive and can be easily activated .
The number of social links an individual can actively maintain has increased dramatically , bringing down the degrees of separation .
Milgram estimated six , ” Barabási writes .
“ We could be much closer these days to three . ”
What kind of “ links ” are these ?
In a 1973 essay , “ The Strength of Weak Ties , ” sociologist Mark Granovetter argued that weaker relationships , such as those we form with colleagues at work or minor acquaintances , were more useful in spreading certain kinds of information than networks of close friends and family .
Watts found a similar phenomenon in his online small world experiment : weak ties ( largely professional ones ) were more useful than strong ties for locating far - flung individuals , for example .
Today ’s online social networks are congeries of mostly weak ties — no one who lists thousands of “ friends ” on MySpace thinks of those people in the same way as he does his flesh - and - blood acquaintances , for example .
It is surely no coincidence , then , that the activities social networking sites promote are precisely the ones weak ties foster , like rumor - mongering , gossip , finding people , and tracking the ever - shifting movements of popular culture and fad .
If this is our small world , it is one that gives its greatest attention to small things .
Even more intriguing than the actual results of Milgram ’s small world experiment — our supposed closeness to each other — was the swiftness and credulity of the public in embracing those results .
But as psychologist Judith Kleinfeld found when she delved into Milgram ’s research ( much of which was methodologically flawed and never adequately replicated ) , entrenched barriers of race and social class undermine the idea that we live in a small world .
Computer networks have not removed those barriers .
As Watts and his colleagues conceded in describing their own digital small world experiment , “ more than half of all participants resided in North America and were middle class , professional , college educated , and Christian . ”
Nevertheless , our need to believe in the possibility of a small world and in the power of connection is strong , as evidenced by the popularity and proliferation of contemporary online social networks .
Perhaps the question we should be asking is n’t how closely are we connected , but rather what kinds of communities and friendships are we creating ?
Wo n’t You Be My Digital Neighbor ?
According to a survey recently conducted by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , more than half of all Americans between the ages of twelve and seventeen use some online social networking site .
Indeed , media coverage of social networking sites usually describes them as vast teenage playgrounds — or wastelands , depending on one ’s perspective .
Central to this narrative is a nearly unbridgeable generational divide , with tech - savvy youngsters redefining friendship while their doddering elders look on with bafflement and increasing anxiety .
This seems anecdotally correct ; I ca n’t count how many times I have mentioned social networking websites to someone over the age of forty and received the reply , “ Oh yes , I ’ve heard about that MyFace !
All the kids are doing that these days .
Very interesting ! ”
Numerous articles have chronicled adults ’ attempts to navigate the world of social networking , such as the recent New York Times essay in which columnist Michelle Slatalla described the incredible embarrassment she caused her teenage daughter when she joined Facebook : “ everyone in the whole world thinks its super creepy when adults have facebooks , ” her daughter instant - messaged her .
“ unfriend paige right now .
im serious .... i will be soo mad if you dont unfriend paige right now .
actually . ”
In fact , social networking sites are not only for the young .
More than half of the visitors to MySpace claim to be over the age of 35 .
And now that the first generation of college Facebook users have graduated , and the site is open to all , more than half of Facebook users are no longer students .
What ’s more , the proliferation of niche social networking sites , including those aimed at adults , suggests that it is not only teenagers who will nurture relationships in virtual space for the foreseeable future .
What characterizes these online communities in which an increasing number of us are spending our time ?
Social networking sites have a peculiar psychogeography .
As researchers at the Pew project have noted , the proto - social networking sites of a decade ago used metaphors of place to organize their members : people were linked through virtual cities , communities , and homepages .
In 1997 , GeoCities boasted thirty virtual “ neighborhoods ” in which “ homesteaders ” or “ GeoCitizens ” could gather — “ Heartland ” for family and parenting tips , “ SouthBeach ” for socializing , “ Vienna ” for classical music aficionados , “ Broadway ” for theater buffs , and so on .
By contrast , today ’s social networking sites organize themselves around metaphors of the person , with individual profiles that list hobbies and interests .
As a result , one ’s entrée into this world generally is n’t through a virtual neighborhood or community but through the revelation of personal information .
And unlike a neighborhood , where one usually has a general knowledge of others who live in the area , social networking sites are gatherings of deracinated individuals , none of whose personal boastings and musings are necessarily trustworthy .
Here , the old arbiters of community — geographic location , family , role , or occupation — have little effect on relationships .
Also , in the offline world , communities typically are responsible for enforcing norms of privacy and general etiquette .
In the online world , which is unfettered by the boundaries of real - world communities , new etiquette challenges abound .
For example , what do you do with a “ friend ” who posts inappropriate comments on your Wall ?
What recourse do you have if someone posts an embarrassing picture of you on his MySpace page ?
What happens when a friend breaks up with someone — do you defriend the ex ?
If someone “ friends ” you and you do n’t accept the overture , how serious a rejection is it ?
Some of these scenarios can be resolved with split - second snap judgments ; others can provoke days of agonizing .
Enthusiasts of social networking argue that these sites are not merely entertaining ; they also edify by teaching users about the rules of social space .
As Danah Boyd , a graduate student studying social networks at the University of California , Berkeley , told the authors of MySpace Unraveled , social networking promotes “ informal learning ....
It ’s where you learn social norms , rules , how to interact with others , narrative , personal and group history , and media literacy . ”
This is more a hopeful assertion than a proven fact , however .
The question that is n’t asked is how the technology itself — the way it encourages us to present ourselves and interact — limits or imposes on that process of informal learning .
All communities expect their members to internalize certain norms .
Even individuals in the transient communities that form in public spaces obey these rules , for the most part ; for example , patrons of libraries are expected to keep noise to a minimum .
New technologies are challenging such norms — cell phones ring during church sermons ; blaring televisions in doctors ’ waiting rooms make it difficult to talk quietly — and new norms must develop to replace the old .
What cues are young , avid social networkers learning about social space ?
What unspoken rules and communal norms have the millions of participants in these online social networks internalized , and how have these new norms influenced their behavior in the offline world ?
Social rules and norms are not merely the strait - laced conceits of a bygone era ; they serve a protective function .
I know a young woman — attractive , intelligent , and well - spoken — who , like many other people in their twenties , joined Facebook as a college student when it launched .
When she and her boyfriend got engaged , they both updated their relationship status to “ Engaged ” on their profiles and friends posted congratulatory messages on her Wall .
But then they broke off the engagement .
And a funny thing happened .
Although she had already told a few friends and family members that the relationship was over , her ex decided to make it official in a very twenty - first century way : he changed his status on his profile from “ Engaged ” to “ Single . ”
Facebook immediately sent out a feed to every one of their mutual “ friends ” announcing the news , “ Mr. X and Ms. Y are no longer in a relationship , ” complete with an icon of a broken heart .
When I asked the young woman how she felt about this , she said that although she assumed her friends and acquaintances would eventually hear the news , there was something disconcerting about the fact that everyone found out about it instantaneously ; and since the message came from Facebook , rather than in a face - to - face exchange initiated by her , it was devoid of context — save for a helpful notation of the time and that tacky little heart .
Indecent Exposure
Enthusiasts praise social networking for presenting chances for identity - play ; they see opportunities for all of us to be little Van Goghs and Warhols , rendering quixotic and ever - changing versions of ourselves for others to enjoy .
Instead of a palette of oils , we can employ services such as PimpMySpace.org , which offers “ layouts , graphics , background , and more ! ” to gussy up an online presentation of self , albeit in a decidedly raunchy fashion :
Among the most popular graphics used by PimpMySpace clients on a given day in June 2007 were short video clips of two women kissing and another of a man and an obese woman having sex ; a picture of a gleaming pink handgun ; and an image of the cartoon character SpongeBob SquarePants , looking alarmed and uttering a profanity .
This kind of coarseness and vulgarity is commonplace on social networking sites for a reason : it ’s an easy way to set oneself apart .
Pharaohs and kings once celebrated themselves by erecting towering statues or , like the emperor Augustus , placing their own visages on coins .
But now , as the insightful technology observer Jaron Lanier has written , “ Since there are only a few archetypes , ideals , or icons to strive for in comparison to the vastness of instances of everything online , quirks and idiosyncrasies stand out better than grandeur in this new domain .
I imagine Augustus ’ MySpace page would have pictured him picking his nose . ”
And he would n’t be alone .
Indeed , this is one of the characteristics of MySpace most striking to anyone who spends a few hours trolling its millions of pages : it is an overwhelmingly dull sea of monotonous uniqueness , of conventional individuality , of distinctive sameness .
The world of online social networking is practically homogenous in one other sense , however diverse it might at first appear : its users are committed to self - exposure .
The creation and conspicuous consumption of intimate details and images of one ’s own and others ’ lives is the main activity in the online social networking world .
There is no room for reticence ; there is only revelation .
Quickly peruse a profile and you know more about a potential acquaintance in a moment than you might have learned about a flesh - and - blood friend in a month .
As one college student recently described to the New York Times Magazine : “ You might run into someone at a party , and then you Facebook them : what are their interests ?
Are they crazy - religious , is their favorite quote from the Bible ?
Everyone takes great pains over presenting themselves .
It ’s like an embodiment of your personality . ”
It seems that in our headlong rush to join social networking sites , many of us give up one of the Internet ’s supposed charms : the promise of anonymity .
As Michael Kinsley noted in Slate , in order to “ stake their claims as unique individuals , ” users enumerate personal information : “ Here is a list of my friends .
Here are all the CDs in my collection .
Here is a picture of my dog . ”
Kinsley is not impressed ; he judges these sites “ vast celebrations of solipsism . ”
Social networkers , particularly younger users , are often naïve or ill - informed about the amount of information they are making publicly available .
“ One can not help but marvel at the amount , detail , and nature of the personal information some users provide , and ponder how informed this information sharing can be , ” Carnegie Mellon researchers Alessandro Acquisti and Ralph Gross wrote in 2006 .
In a survey of Facebook users at their university , Acquisti and Gross “ detected little or no relation between participants ’ reported privacy attitudes and their likelihood ” of publishing personal information online .
Even among the students in the survey who claimed to be most concerned about their privacy — the ones who worried about “ the scenario in which a stranger knew their schedule of classes and where they lived ” — about 40 percent provided their class schedule on Facebook , about 22 percent put their address on Facebook , and almost 16 percent published both .
This kind of carelessness has provided fodder for many sensationalist news stories .
To cite just one :
In 2006 , NBC ’s Dateline featured a police officer posing as a 19 - year - old boy who was new in town .
Although not grounded in any particular local community , the imposter quickly gathered more than 100 friends for his MySpace profile and began corresponding with several teenage girls .
Although the girls claimed to be careful about the kind of information they posted online , when Dateline revealed that their new friend was actually an adult male who had figured out their names and where they lived , they were surprised .
The danger posed by strangers who use social networking sites to prey on children is real ; there have been several such cases .
This danger was highlighted in July 2007 when MySpace booted from its system 29,000 sex offenders who had signed up for memberships using their real names .
There is no way of knowing how many sex offenders have MySpace accounts registered under fake names .
There are also professional risks to putting too much information on social networking sites , just as for several years there have been career risks associated with personal homepages and blogs .
A survey conducted in 2006 by researchers at the University of Dayton found that “ 40 percent of employers say they would consider the Facebook profile of a potential employee as part of their hiring decision , and several reported rescinding offers after checking out Facebook . ”
Yet college students ’ reaction to this fact suggests that they have a different understanding of privacy than potential employers : 42 percent thought it was a violation of privacy for employers to peruse their profiles , and “ 64 percent of students said employers should not consider Facebook profiles during the hiring process . ”
This is a quaintly Victorian notion of privacy , embracing the idea that individuals should be able to compartmentalize and parcel out parts of their personalities in different settings .
It suggests that even behavior of a decidedly questionable or hypocritical bent ( the Victorian patriarch who also cavorts with prostitutes , for example , or the straight - A business major who posts picture of himself funneling beer on his MySpace page ) should be tolerated if appropriately segregated .
But when one ’s darker side finds expression in a virtual space , privacy becomes more difficult and true compartmentalization nearly impossible ; on the Internet , private misbehavior becomes public exhibitionism .
In many ways , the manners and mores that have already developed in the world of online social networking suggest that these sites promote gatherings of what psychiatrist Robert Jay Lifton has called “ protean selves . ”
Named after Proteus , the Greek sea god of many forms , the protean self evinces “ mockery and self - mockery , irony , absurdity , and humor . ”
( Indeed , the University of Dayton survey found that “ 23 percent [ of students ] said they intentionally misrepresented themselves [ on Facebook ] to be funny or as a joke . ” )
Also , Lifton argues , “ the emotions of the protean self tend to be free - floating , not clearly tied to cause or target . ”
So , too , with protean communities : “ Not just individual emotions but communities as well may be free - floating , ” Lifton writes , “ removed geographically and embraced temporarily and selectively , with no promise of permanence . ”
This is precisely the appeal of online social networking .
These sites make certain kinds of connections easier , but because they are governed not by geography or community mores but by personal whim , they free users from the responsibilities that tend to come with membership in a community .
This fundamentally changes the tenor of the relationships that form there , something best observed in the way social networks treat friendship .
The New Taxonomy of Friendship
There is a Spanish proverb that warns , “ Life without a friend is death without a witness . ”
In the world of online social networking , the warning might be simpler : “ Life without hundreds of online ‘ friends ’ is virtual death . ”
On these sites , friendship is the stated raison d’être .
“ A place for friends , ” is the slogan of MySpace .
Facebook is a “ social utility that connects people with friends . ”
Orkut describes itself as “ an online community that connects people through a network of trusted friends . ”
Friendster ’s name speaks for itself .
But “ friendship ” in these virtual spaces is thoroughly different from real - world friendship .
In its traditional sense , friendship is a relationship which , broadly speaking , involves the sharing of mutual interests , reciprocity , trust , and the revelation of intimate details over time and within specific social ( and cultural ) contexts .
Because friendship depends on mutual revelations that are concealed from the rest of the world , it can only flourish within the boundaries of privacy ; the idea of public friendship is an oxymoron .
The hypertext link called “ friendship ” on social networking sites is very different : public , fluid , and promiscuous , yet oddly bureaucratized .
Friendship on these sites focuses a great deal on collecting , managing , and ranking the people you know .
Everything about MySpace , for example , is designed to encourage users to gather as many friends as possible , as though friendship were philately .
If you are so unfortunate as to have but one MySpace friend , for example , your page reads : “ You have 1 friends , ” along with a stretch of sad empty space where dozens of thumbnail photos of your acquaintances should appear .
This promotes a form of frantic friend procurement .
As one young Facebook user with 800 friends told John Cassidy in The New Yorker , “ I always find the competitive spirit in me wanting to up the number . ”
An associate dean at Purdue University recently boasted to the Christian Science Monitor that since establishing a Facebook profile , he had collected more than 700 friends .
The phrase universally found on MySpace is , “ Thanks for the add ! ” — an acknowledgment by one user that another has added you to his list of friends .
There are even services like FriendFlood.com that act as social networking pimps : for a fee , they will post messages on your page from an attractive person posing as your “ friend . ”
As the founder of one such service told the New York Times in February 2007 , he wanted to “ turn cyberlosers into social - networking magnets . ”
The structure of social networking sites also encourages the bureaucratization of friendship .
Each site has its own terminology , but among the words that users employ most often is “ managing . ”
The Pew survey mentioned earlier found that “ teens say social networking sites help them manage their friendships . ”
There is something Orwellian about the management - speak on social networking sites : “ Change My Top Friends , ” “ View All of My Friends ” and , for those times when our inner Stalins sense the need for a virtual purge , “ Edit Friends . ”
With a few mouse clicks one can elevate or downgrade ( or entirely eliminate ) a relationship .
To be sure , we all rank our friends , albeit in unspoken and intuitive ways .
One friend might be a good companion for outings to movies or concerts ; another might be someone with whom you socialize in professional settings ; another might be the kind of person for whom you would drop everything if he needed help .
But social networking sites allow us to rank our friends publicly .
And not only can we publicize our own preferences in people , but we can also peruse the favorites among our other acquaintances .
We can learn all about the friends of our friends — often without having ever met them in person .
Status - Seekers
Of course , it would be foolish to suggest that people are incapable of making distinctions between social networking “ friends ” and friends they see in the flesh .
The use of the word “ friend ” on social networking sites is a dilution and a debasement , and surely no one with hundreds of MySpace or Facebook “ friends ” is so confused as to believe those are all real friendships .
The impulse to collect as many “ friends ” as possible on a MySpace page is not an expression of the human need for companionship , but of a different need no less profound and pressing : the need for status .
Unlike the painted portraits that members of the middle class in a bygone era would commission to signal their elite status once they rose in society , social networking websites allow us to create status — not merely to commemorate the achievement of it .
There is a reason that most of the MySpace profiles of famous people are fakes , often created by fans : Celebrities do n’t need legions of MySpace friends to prove their importance .
It ’s the rest of the population , seeking a form of parochial celebrity , that does .
But status - seeking has an ever - present partner : anxiety .
Unlike a portrait , which , once finished and framed , hung tamely on the wall signaling one ’s status , maintaining status on MySpace or Facebook requires constant vigilance .
As one 24 - year - old wrote in a New York Times essay , “ I am obsessed with testimonials and solicit them incessantly .
They are the ultimate social currency , public declarations of the intimacy status of a relationship ....
Every profile is a carefully planned media campaign . ”
The sites themselves were designed to encourage this .
Describing the work of B.J. Fogg of Stanford University , who studies “ persuasion strategies ” used by social networking sites to increase participation , The New Scientist noted , “ The secret is to tie the acquisition of friends , compliments and status — spoils that humans will work hard for — to activities that enhance the site . ”
As Fogg told the magazine , “ You offer someone a context for gaining status , and they are going to work for that status . ”
Network theorist Albert - László Barabási notes that online connection follows the rule of “ preferential attachment ” — that is , “ when choosing between two pages , one with twice as many links as the other , about twice as many people link to the more connected page . ”
As a result , “ while our individual choices are highly unpredictable , as a group we follow strict patterns . ”
Our lemming - like pursuit of online status via the collection of hundreds of “ friends ” clearly follows this rule .
What , in the end , does this pursuit of virtual status mean for community and friendship ?
Writing in the 1980s in Habits of the Heart , sociologist Robert Bellah and his colleagues documented the movement away from close - knit , traditional communities , to “ lifestyle enclaves ” which were defined largely by “ leisure and consumption . ”
Perhaps today we have moved beyond lifestyle enclaves and into “ personality enclaves ” or “ identity enclaves ” — discrete virtual places in which we can be different ( and sometimes contradictory ) people , with different groups of like - minded , though ever - shifting , friends .
Beyond Networking
This past spring , Len Harmon , the director of the Fischer Policy and Cultural Institute at Nichols College in Dudley , Massachusetts , offered a new course about social networking .
Nichols is a small school whose students come largely from Connecticut and Massachusetts ; many of them are the first members of their families to attend college .
“ I noticed a lot of issues involved with social networking sites , ” Harmon told me when I asked him why he created the class .
How have these sites been useful to Nichols students ?
“ It has relieved some of the stress of transitions for them , ” he said .
“ When abrupt departures occur — their family moves or they have to leave friends behind — they can cope by keeping in touch more easily . ”
So perhaps we should praise social networking websites for streamlining friendship the way e-mail streamlined correspondence .
In the nineteenth century , Emerson observed that “ friendship requires more time than poor busy men can usually command . ”
Now , technology has given us the freedom to tap into our network of friends when it is convenient for us .
“ It ’s a way of maintaining a friendship without having to make any effort whatsoever , ” as a recent graduate of Harvard explained to The New Yorker .
And that ease admittedly makes it possible to stay in contact with a wider circle of offline acquaintances than might have been possible in the era before Facebook .
Friends you have n’t heard from in years , old buddies from elementary school , people you might have ( should have ? ) fallen out of touch with — it is now easier than ever to reconnect to those people .
But what kind of connections are these ?
In his excellent book Friendship : An Exposé , Joseph Epstein praises the telephone and e-mail as technologies that have greatly facilitated friendship .
He writes , “ Proust once said he did n’t much care for the analogy of a book to a friend .
He thought a book was better than a friend , because you could shut it — and be shut of it — when you wished , which one ca n’t always do with a friend . ”
With e-mail and caller ID , Epstein enthuses , you can .
But social networking sites ( which Epstein says “ speak to the vast loneliness in the world ” ) have a different effect : they discourage “ being shut of ” people .
On the contrary , they encourage users to check in frequently , “ poke ” friends , and post comments on others ’ pages .
They favor interaction of greater quantity but less quality .
This constant connectivity concerns Len Harmon .
“ There is a sense of , ‘ if I ’m not online or constantly texting or posting , then I ’m missing something , ’ ” he said of his students .
“ This is where I find the generational impact the greatest — not the use of the technology , but the overuse of the technology . ”
It is unclear how the regular use of these sites will affect behavior over the long run — especially the behavior of children and young adults who are growing up with these tools .
Almost no research has explored how virtual socializing affects children ’s development .
What does a child weaned on Club Penguin learn about social interaction ?
How is an adolescent who spends her evenings managing her MySpace page different from a teenager who spends her night gossiping on the telephone to friends ?
Given that “ people want to live their lives online , ” as the founder of one social networking site recently told Fast Company magazine , and they are beginning to do so at ever - younger ages , these questions are worth exploring .
The few studies that have emerged do not inspire confidence .
Researcher Rob Nyland at Brigham Young University recently surveyed 184 users of social networking sites and found that heavy users “ feel less socially involved with the community around them . ”
He also found that “ as individuals use social networking more for entertainment , their level of social involvement decreases . ”
Another recent study conducted by communications professor Qingwen Dong and colleagues at the University of the Pacific found that “ those who engaged in romantic communication over MySpace tend to have low levels of both emotional intelligence and self - esteem . ”
The implications of the narcissistic and exhibitionistic tendencies of social networkers also cry out for further consideration .
There are opportunity costs when we spend so much time carefully grooming ourselves online .
Given how much time we already devote to entertaining ourselves with technology , it is at least worth asking if the time we spend on social networking sites is well spent .
In investing so much energy into improving how we present ourselves online , are we missing chances to genuinely improve ourselves ?
We should also take note of the trend toward giving up face - to - face for virtual contact — and , in some cases , a preference for the latter .
Today , many of our cultural , social , and political interactions take place through eminently convenient technological surrogates —
Why go to the bank if you can use the ATM ?
Why browse in a bookstore when you can simply peruse the personalized selections Amazon.com has made for you ?
In the same vein , social networking sites are often convenient surrogates for offline friendship and community .
In this context it is worth considering an observation that Stanley Milgram made in 1974 , regarding his experiments with obedience : “ The social psychology of this century reveals a major lesson , ” he wrote .
“ Often it is not so much the kind of person a man is as the kind of situation in which he finds himself that determines how he will act . ”
To an increasing degree , we find and form our friendships and communities in the virtual world as well as the real world .
These virtual networks greatly expand our opportunities to meet others , but they might also result in our valuing less the capacity for genuine connection .
As the young woman writing in the Times admitted , “ I consistently trade actual human contact for the more reliable high of smiles on MySpace , winks on Match.com , and pokes on Facebook . ”
That she finds these online relationships more reliable is telling : it shows a desire to avoid the vulnerability and uncertainty that true friendship entails .
Real intimacy requires risk — the risk of disapproval , of heartache , of being thought a fool .
Social networking websites may make relationships more reliable , but whether those relationships can be humanly satisfying remains to be seen .
im in da sistam , improovin ur tranlashun
CAN I HAVE A CHEESEBURGER ?
I CAN HAS CHEEZBURGER ?
ENGLISH
CAN I HAVE A CHEESEBURGER ?
LOLCAT
I CAN HAS CHEEZBURGER ?
YOU HAS BAD TRANLASHUN ?
HALP US IMPROOV
ENTR UR BETTR TRANLASHUN HERE :
I CAN HAS CHEEZBURGER ?
VOTE 4 DIS SIET
learn to speak lolcat - the language of all animals .
not just cats , dogs , kittens and puppies .
communicate with your pet dog or cat .
docta dolittle eat ur hart out !
New version was posted on 15th of April 2005 !
Have you ever paid attention to striking difference in the thickness of forefingers in X11 / Unix and MS Windows users , respectively ?
The latter have much more muscular forefingers that often suffer from chronic aches in their joints .
They also much more often develop mouse arm , pain in the neck and shoulders , and other troubles known as Repetitive Stress Syndrome and associated with excessive usage of a pointing device .
Why ?
The explanation is simple : all X11 users benefit from the fact that no significant effort is needed to place a selected chunk of text into the clipboard and to fetch it from there .
Unfortunately , this is not the case in MS Windows .
Moreover , different applications require different procedures .
For example , to simply copy the selected piece of text to the clipboard , you may need to
- choose Edit ->
Copy from the menu
- press a button with two pieces of paper on it
- use keyboard shortcuts Ctrl - Insert or Ctrl - C .
But this is only the beginning of the story .
How do we paste the contents of the clipboard into an X - application ?
By middle - clicking once .
( Note how the middle or the ring finger get their fair share of exercise . )
How do they paste in Windows ?
In yet more ways than they copy :
- choose Edit ->
Paste from the menu
- press a button with a piece of paper on a clipboard
- press a button with a brush
- press a button with a bottle of glue
- Shift - Insert , Ctrl - V or Ctrl -P
and so on .
Besides that , the X11 users do n't have to click - click - click with their mice only to move the focus from one window to another or to lower / raise a window - simple operations that require lots of clicks or just are impossible ( lower ! ) in MS Windows .
Over the years Microsoft ( being under the user community pressure ) has undertaken some half - hearted attempts to bring the fewer - clicks functionality to Windows .
Yet the most far reaching TweakUI ( see PowerToys for Windows XP for XP version ) goes only about one fifth of the way .
Indeed , to an average X11 - user the expression " X - Mouse " means the following :
Keyboard focus follows mouse pointer instantly ( the only one that can be achieved with TweakUI , annoyingly enough accompanied by the " quality " to raise the window upon click ) .
Marked text is placed into the paste buffer instantly on left button release .
Pasting is done with a single middle button click .
( The latter two are implemented in couple of applications - only to feel more acutely the lack of it in the rest of the windows ! )
Ability to lower windows with right button click on window decoration .
Autoraise ( if engaged ) is delayed relative to input refocusing .
All of the above is what this " True X - Mouse Gizmo " is about : -)
Recommended usage .
Download [ any place ] , make a shortcut to TXMouse .
exe and move the shortcut to your start - up folder .
To uninstall , remove the shortcut from the start - up folder [ and remove TXMouse .exe ] .
When upgrading from previous version , stop it if running and replace TXMouse .exe .
For try - out purposes first - time users can as well just " open " the executable directly in their web - browsers .
The Gizmo is designed to work on 98/Me/2000/XP/.NET/2003 .
However , it has not been tested on 98 / Me as thoroughly as on 2000 / XP .
Usage is free , but only those who have sent a postcard (* ) are entitled for support : -)
Postcards with a view over your home - town or other local sight signed with encouraging words and your E - mail address are to be sent to
Andy Polyakov
Sven Hultinsgata 12a
Chalmers University of Technology
Gothenburg
SE - 412 96 SWEDEN
(*) Employees of Chalmers University of Technology do n't have to send a postcard .
: the X - cursor , visual feedback
In order to facilitate text replacement ( i.e. mark , copy , mark elsewhere , paste to replace ) , a heuristic algorithm to determine when not to perform X11 - ish copy is implemented .
Namely , when you select a chunk of text in order to replace something else by it , you naturally expect it to be copied to the clipboard .
But the next thing you do , when you select the text you want to " write over , " you do n't expect clipboard content to be zapped upon middle button release !
To avoid the latter , you should copy your text in the traditional way , by means of Edit ->
Copy , Ctrl - C , etc ( an alternative , better way is described in the end of this section ) .
In this case when you select the text to replace right after that , TXMouse notices that the clipboard content has been changed by someone else ( you ) , and assumes that this time the selection will not be copied to the clipboard .
After pasting by clicking the middle button , TXMouse is happy to copy things on marking again .
As you see , things are getting a little complicated .
This is why a visual feedback is provided , so that you can always know the status of your copy - paste business .
Whenever a copy on left button release is about to be performed , a tiny X next to the cursor ( as depicted above ) appears as soon as the mouse is moved with the left button depressed .
If you do n't see this X next to the cursor when you click and drag , then no copy will be performed and the content of the clipboard will remain intact .
Another thing to look at is an X icon in the system tray .
If it looks light red or " happy : " , TXMouse is ready to copy on mark .
However , if you have manually copied any content to clipboard , the icon changes as soon as you move the mouse .
The X flips and changes its hue , in other words " turns its back on you . "
This means that copy - on - mark is temporarily off - until you paste the clipboard content with the middle button click ( but see even below ) .
Now , what if you are suddenly not happy with the state of your mark - copy affairs ?
You have started to drag the mouse , and you see that TXMouse is / is n't going to copy what you are marking !
Relax , there is an instant way to turn copy - on - mark on or off without even lifting your finger from the left mouse button : a click on the middle button toggles between the two modes .
If you want to copy what you mark and there is no X next to the cursor or the X icon in the system tray is showing you its grim back side , just click on the middle button , and the cursor , the system tray icon , and the readyness to copy to clipboard will change in an instant .
Or , if you want to mark something for replacement and see the X - ized cursor and the shining red X icon , click on the middle button , and the marking will not be copied on the left button release .
Tweaking the Tweaker
There is no program that is good in all situations ( even though TXMouse comes pretty close to that :-) .
Some applications have certain semantics for click - and - drag events and interfering with them the way TXMouse does might have undesirable effects , graphic editors being obvious notable example .
X servers for Windows , obviously , do not need this functionality , because it is already available in X11 .
In short , we want to exempt some windows from True X - Mouse behaviour .
And of course we want to be able to tweak some basic parameters , like button emulation and double - click intervals .
This is achieved by adding a new key to the HKEY_CURRENT_USER hive .
We all know that Microsoft officially discourages to touch The Registry , threatening that your system will go down for ever .
The reassurement comes from the following facts :
The key is optional .
If you do n't want to add it , do n't do it .
It is created on the per-user basis ( in HKEY_CURRENT_USER , which does not affect boot - up procedure or other users ) .
, which does not affect boot - up procedure or other users ) .
You are not modifying any existing keys .
You can always delete it .
Here is an example of a registry script that creates the registry items read by TXMouse :
Note that what appears in this particular example is actually not needed - these are the defaults that are hard - coded into TXMouse .
If ( and only if ) you want to change them , download TXMouse.reg and modify it to your liking with any text editor ( for example , with Notepad ) .
After that you can double - click on the ( modified ) file and confirm that you want this information to be written to the registry .
For the new settings to take effect , you have to either restart TXMouse or double - click the X icon in the system tray and close the window that pops up .
The settings are re-read on window closing ( the purpose of the window itself is discussed below ) .
Alright , but how do you know what all those values are ?
AutoRaiseDelay .
If set to non -zero value , window auto - raise is enabled ( which DK hates from the bottom of his heart ) .
The value is amount of milliseconds ( in hexadecimal notation ! ) to elapse before window which has the input focus is brought to the top in the Z - order hierarchy .
Why to delay at all ?
Well , because you do n't want an awful lot of windows to pop up on you along the path of your cursor whenever you move your mouse .
If you do n't enable auto - raise , the only way to make a window front - most is to click on any part of window decoration .
This is another quality which distinguishes this gizmo .
TXMouse prevents windows from raising when you click inside them !
Absolutely great if you have three of four partially overlapping windows and want to work with them , yet keep the current Z- order .
This is very useful feature for the poor bastards who are forced to use MS Excel at work , as the only way to get anything done in Excel normally giant window is to click somewhere .
RapidClickInterval .
But how about sinking windows down to the bottom of desktop ?
This unique feature is a true crown jewel of TXMouse !
( At least according to DK . )
To sink a window , you can right - click on any part of the window decoration .
You still can access window menus that are normally opened by a right - click on the title bar .
This can be achieved by the means of a " long right - click " ( clicking - holding - letting go ) .
RapidClickInterval is the amount of milliseconds ( hexadecimal ) that you have to hold down the right button before you let it go in order to access the title bar menu instead of sinking the window .
The default hexadecimal 0x14D is 333 ms which works pretty well in most situations .
ExemptedClasses .
In terms of Win32 programming interface , each window is of a certain class .
Without going into detail about what these classes ( or programming interfaces ) are , let us see how we can find out what class a particular window belongs to .
If you double - click on the X icon in the system tray , True X - Mouse Tracking and Debugging Window appears .
All open windows are listed there along with their class names and titles .
Hopefully you can identify the concerned windows by their titles .
For example , Hummingbird eXceed windows have classes that all look like EXCEEDW : MWCLIENT0 .
The part after the colon may vary , but the class always starts with " EXCEEDW : . "
By adding " EXCEEDW : * " ( " * " means " anything " ) to the value of ExemptedClasses , you exempt all eXceed window from being ever touched by TXMouse ( why ?
because eXceed is an X11 server , and the X - functionality is already there ) .
Besides of eXceed , the default list of exempted classes covers Starnet X - Win32 X server , AT&T VNC viewer , Citrix ICA client , various versions of Microsoft RDP client , MS Paint , Basilisk Macintosh emulator , and Win9x command.com window ( the latter just has to be there because of some bugs in it ; note that 2000 / XP command window cmd is of a different class ) .
Remote session software should be exempted because of the chance that the remote session is running its own TXMouse in which case the input to the remote applications gets clobbered .
Also , the remote session might run an application that TXMouse does n't suite very well - like a graphic editor where clicking - and - dragging is used for drawing , not for copying .
And that 's why MS Paint is also in the default list .
Another good candidate for exemption is MS Excel where you often have to click - and - drag in order not to copy but to change colour , formatting , etc .
ExemptedModules .
Unfortunately the mechanism described above is not universally applicable , as some applications " borrow " their window class names from toolkits they utilize .
Most notably , VMware shows as AfxFrameOrView42 , a widely used MFC widget .
Then ActiveX mojos are embedded / subclassed and cannot be recognized by ExemptedClasses code .
That 's where Exempted Modules become handy : this code identifies windows by owner modules - .exe , .dll , .ocx , etc .
If you feel slightly confused by the the contents of this paragraph or want to know more about the connection between , say , MS RDP and mstscax.ocx , please read the license and support section again ;-)
TwoButtons .
This is not a third button emulation ( as XFree86 users might expect ) !
However , if you have a two - button mouse , you can still benefit from TXMouse .
Set " TwoButtons " =dword:1 , and all the TXMouse functions of the middle button , namely , paste and toggle copy - on - mark , will be transferred to the right button .
The other right - button functionality - sink windows and access title bar menus - is still preserved .
Caveat lector / Annoyances
X - cursor does n't show up in console / cmd windows ( nor RunAs windows ) .
Windows design does not permit to replace cursor in such windows .
Console / cmd windows are brought up in Z - order hierachy upon mouse click inside window .
Windows design does not permit to override this behaviour .
When certain applications " owning " clipboard contents are terminated , tray X icon turns its back on you .
When you 're marking text in Acrobat [ Reader ] , cursor can't be flipped .
As soon as you release left button tray X icon turns its back on you .
Sometimes it also complains about " an error while copying to the clipboard . "
All this is due to the fact that Acrobat , for unknown reason , consumes all available CPU power when you 're marking text .
The point is that it goes into a polling loop and effectively stops recieving asynchronous events which get queued and congest at button release .
Properties dialogs in Visual Studio and Folder List in MS Outlook are hard to " catch , " they just disappear when you try to slide cursor their way .
This is a " generic " annoyance that comes with Active Window Tracking .
To work around pick an element by clicking on it , slide the cursor to where you expect the properties dialog to appear , press Alt - Enter and , " pinpoint " the dialog .
Credits
GUI is slightly modified Paul DiLascia 's TRAYTEST sample published in March 1996 issue of Microsoft System Journal .
All modifications are tagged with # if [ n ] def DiLascia preprocessor directives .
Jim Tilander stands for counseling on MFC programming matters and clickable URL in About dialog .
This page is written by the mystery DK person .
Well , except for the licensing terms section ...
Hi , I ’m James Razsa , I 'm 23 years old and George Bush Sr. ’s pool boy .
I work roughly 45 hours a week at $ 9 dollars per hour , after tax that ’s $ 7.50 , $ 300 dollars a week , $ 1200 a month .
You ’re thinking , “ get a different job ! ” I tried to find a job for two months before I got this one .
Honestly , I like my job fine ; I ’ve had much worse for much less money , I ’m not saying this to complain , I ’m saying this because I need your help .
I graduated from high school in Gray , Maine and went to college in Boston for film , my lifelong dream .
But tuition continued to rise and despite the fact that I was getting dean ’s list grades , after two years I had to withdraw .
$ 22,000 for just tuition was more than I could afford .
Since then I have been working in the construction and service industries .
I have n’t given up on film and want to head to LA soon to try to get into the industry by starting at the bottom and working my way up .
I ’m telling you this because I want you to know that I ’m not stupid or lazy , but I ’m embarrassed to ask for help .
My teeth are quite literally falling apart .
I found a dentist that gave free dental assessments ; he said it would cost $ 3000 to fix my teeth .
This is more then I make in two months .
The dentist diagnosed me with having " soft enamel " which causes my teeth to deteriorate at a faster rate than most even though I take care of them .
I have never been on welfare , unemployment , gotten food stamps or any other government assistance .
I ’m not a leech and have never asked for help but now I need it , or I will lose my teeth .
Anything you can give , I truly appreciate .
If you have any questions at all , feel free to email me at : Teeth4james@gmail.com
If we are lucky enough to reach our goal and more , we will donate all excess money to charity .
Relaxing at home Protesting Bush in Kennebunkport ( click on pictures to enlarge )
web templates
Posted in Ant , Java by Dan on October 25th , 2007
1. Automate everything .
You ’re in charge , make the computer do the work .
Ant can insert configuration into properties files , run SQL scripts , change file permissions , upload to FTP sites , and lots more .
RTFM and make sure you are aware of everything that Ant can do for you .
2. Make builds Atomic .
Once you ’ve automated everything , make sure you can run it all with a single command .
Most software engineering endeavours are part of the eternal struggle to limit the consequences of human incompetence .
Unlike a computer , the human mind is not well suited to performing a long sequenece of instructions without error .
People get distracted , they forget things .
My own experience tells me that the longest sequence of actions that a human can reliably reproduce consists of at most one step .
Anything more than that and there is a tendency to miss steps out or do things in the wrong order .
A slow build is much more bearable if it is atomic because you do n’t need to get involved .
You can leave it to complete while you do other important stuff .
3 . Make it right first , then make it fast .
A build that is fast but wrong is not fast at all ; it ’s just wrong .
A target that does not correctly ensure that its dependencies are rebuilt ( when appropriate ) will save you 3 seconds on each of the 30 rebuilds that it takes to debug the problem .
A useful tip for improving the runtime of slow builds is to use the ANT_OPTS environment variable to tweak the JVM settings used by Ant .
For long - running builds you may find that the - server switch provides a noticeable improvement .
Alternatively , increasing the heap size ( via the - Xmx switch ) may help .
4 . If you use Ant , use only Ant .
The build.xml is the one true build script .
Do n’t disrespect the build.xml by using your IDE ’s build process in its place .
Even if you are really diligent about configuring your IDE , you are very likely to end up with a slightly different build process .
Better still , when your colleague checks in a change to build.xml , he or she wo n’t tell you and your build will be broken .
If you ’re lucky this will become obvious sometime after you start complaining loudly about others checking in broken code .
In the worst case your build will be subtly broken and you wo n’t notice .
Avoid the contempt of your co-workers and make your IDE use Ant .
Do n’t let the old UNIX hacker in the corner use make just because he does n’t like XML ( he does n’t like Java either , he ’s just doing it because the company has n’t had any C work in the last 6 months 10 years ) .
If he uses make , you all have to use make ( good luck ) , since there can be only one true build script .
5. Follow conventions .
Ant expects your build file to be called build.xml ( unless you tell it otherwise ) .
Developers expect the build file to be in the root of the project .
Other than the understandable desire to confuse and irritate the rest of your team , including the lucky souls that get to maintain your code long after you get head - hunted by Google , there ’s no reason not to follow these conventions .
Another less well - known convention is to prefix all “ internal ” targets ( those that should not be called directly ) with a hyphen .
This is suggested in the Ant manual .
It has the advantage that it is not possible to invoke targets that follow this naming scheme from the command line .
6. Provide a clean - up target .
It is usual for makefiles and Ant scripts to provide a target called “ clean ” that removes all generated files and returns the project to its initial state .
Without this functionality failed builds can be a real problem .
Providing a clean target is made easier if source files ( those that are under version control ) and generated files ( those that are derived from versioned files ) are kept separate .
7. Compile test code at the same time as production code .
Test code , by definition , depends on production code ( if it did n’t , your test coverage scores would not be very impressive ) .
Therefore , changes to production code can potentially break test code .
For this reason it is a good idea to enforce the rule that test classes are always compiled at the same time as production classes ( you do n’t have to run the tests at this point ) .
Since you are firing up the compiler anyway , it wo n’t add too much overhead and it avoids breaking windows .
8 . Make builds self - contained .
A build that has external dependencies is a build that is difficult to to configure .
When your hard drive fails or a new developer joins the team , you want to be able to configure a new machine for building ASAP .
If your build depends on tools like Checkstyle or TestNG , add these to the project repository .
This makes your build simpler because you know exactly where to find the files and you do n’t have to worry about version mis-matches .
Other than Ant itself and the JDK , external dependencies should be eliminated wherever possible ( Maven has a different approach to these kind of dependencies ) .
9. Parameterise essential configuration .
It ’s not always practicable to eliminate all external dependencies .
For example , you may need to configure a database connection as part of your build .
Do n’t hard - code this kind of configuration in the build.xml , use
Ant ’s support for properties files to allow individual developers to set configuration parameters .
Do n’t complicate matters by making everything configurable .
Only parameterise those settings that really need to be configurable .
10 . Provide sensible defaults .
Where parameters are required for building , you can make things much simpler by providing sensible default values rather than leaving everything to be configured by the individual developer .
For example , if one of the parameters is a JDBC URL , a sensible default might be to point to localhost ( most developers will probably be developing against their local database ) .
If one of the required properties is the file system path to a particular tool , provide the default installation directory .
By providing sensible defaults you can eliminate most of the configuration hassles .
11 . Visualise dependencies .
The build script for a large project can have complex , often ad - hoc dependencies .
Tools such as yWorks Ant Explorer can provide insight into dependencies by providing a graphical representation of the structure of the build .
If the graph looks like one of these , consider refactoring .
12 . Constrain classpaths .
Avoid the temptation to use a single global classpath for compilation .
Always ensure that code is built with a classpath that contains only those classes that will be available to it at runtime .
For example , if your build creates an EAR file and a Swing client , make sure that the Swing client is compiled with access only to those libraries that will be deployed with it .
Do the same for the EAR file and any other modules .
This approach minimises the potential for embarrassing NoClassDefFoundError s at runtime and also helps to detect inappropriate dependencies .
13 . Modularise your build .
Arrange your project into coherent , self - contained modules .
For example , you may have a Swing GUI module and web module among others .
Layout your project files to support this arrangement .
The goal is to make modules as self - contained as possible and to minimise dependencies between them .
The following example shows one possible way of arranging your project files :
myproject |__modules | |__gui | | |__lib | | |__src | | |__java | | |__main | | |__test | |__web | |__lib | |__src | |__html | | __java | |__main | |__test |__build.xml
14 . Favour convention over configuration .
If the source code for module1 is in module1 / src / java , where would you expect to find the source code for module2 ?
If files are in consistent predictable locations within each module , it ’s not necessary to explicitly configure each location .
By always following the same conventions about where things go in each module , you minimise complexity and make it easier to implement the next recommendation …
15 . Eliminate duplication with macros .
If all of your modules are laid out identically , the common tasks ( such as compiling source trees and creating JAR files ) are essentially identical for each module .
Ant 1.6 introduced macros to enable these operations to be defined just once and applied repeatedly with different parameters .
Familiarise yourself with the Macrodef task and consider how it can be applied in your build files .
The example macros below are for compiling generic modules .
The first macro defines how a single source tree is compiled .
Because we have followed the advice from the rest of this article , all we need to provide to run the macro is the name of the module ( by convention modules are in directories of the same name , all Java source is in the src / java directory of the module and below this are the main and test source trees ) .
The second macro simplifies things further by combining the two separate calls to the first macro .
The main classes are built , then the test classes are built with the main classes added to the compiler ’s classpath .
Using this macro we can compile an entire module with a single line :
< compilemodule name = " mymodule " />
<!--
This macro compiles one source tree ( i.e. the main source tree or the unit test source tree ) of a given module .
-->
< macrodef name = " compiletree " > < attribute name = " module " /> < attribute name = " tree " />
< element name = " treeclasspath " optional = " true " /> < sequential > < mkdir dir = " ./@{module}/build/classes/@{tree} " /> < javac destdir = " ./@{module}/build/classes/@{tree} " debug = " on " deprecation = " on " optimize = " on " source = " 1.5 " target = " 1.5 " srcdir = " ./@{module}/src/java/@{tree} " > < classpath > < treeclasspath /> < path refid = " base.path " /> </ classpath > < compilerarg value = " - Xlint: unchecked " /> </ javac > </sequential > </ macrodef > <!--
This macro compiles all source ( including unit tests ) for a single module .
-->
< macrodef name = " compilemodule " > < attribute name = " name " />
< element name = " moduleclasspath " optional = " true " /> < sequential > < compiletree module = " @{name} " tree = " main " > < treeclasspath > < moduleclasspath /> </treeclasspath > </ compiletree > < compiletree module = " @{name} " tree = " test " > < treeclasspath > <!--
Add the main classes to the classpath for unit test compilation .
--> < path location = "./@{name}/build/classes/main " /> < moduleclasspath /> </treeclasspath > </ compiletree > </ sequential > </ macrodef >
These macro definitions are somewhat verbose ( due to Ant ’s XML syntax ) , but the benefit is that they ensure that all modules are built in the same way .
Rules for compilation only have to be defined once .
Also , keep in mind that once you have written macros for one project , you can reuse them elsewhere .
You may choose to put all of your macros in a separate file and import this wherever it is required .
Equity
Trading up +0.33 ( +0.58 % ) at 59.69 .
Bull Market Weakness ( +75 ) - AMAT is showing signs of short - term weakness , but still remains in the confines of a long - term uptrend .
Keep an eye on AMAT as it may be in the beginning stages of a reversal .
Trading down - 0.02 ( - 0.06 % ) at 30.87 .
Bear Market Rally ( - 75 ) - SRCE is showing some rallying power , but still remains in the confines of a long - term downtrend .
Keep an eye on SRCE as it may be in the beginning of a reversal .
Index
Trading up +4.80 ( +3.05 % ) at 139.68 .
Sidelines Mode ( +55 ) - DBSLIX is moving in a sideways pattern and is unable to gain momentum in either direction .
Beware of choppy movement and consider a sidelines position until a stronger trend is identified .
Trading down - 0.790 ( - 0.71 % ) at 107.886 .
Countertrend Down ( - 85 ) - VOOV is showing short - term strength .
However , look for the longer - term bearish trend to resume .
As always , continue to monitor the trend score and set stops .
Future
Trading up +0.0006 ( +0.08 % ) at 0.7137 .
Sidelines Mode ( +55 ) - 6A .Z20 is moving in a sideways pattern and is unable to gain momentum in either direction .
Beware of choppy movement and consider a sidelines position until a stronger trend is identified .
Trading down - 1.29 ( - 2.99 % ) at 41.69 .
Crossroads ( - 60 ) - CL.U21 is struggling to move into a solid trend .
Beware of choppy markets and consider a sidelines position until a stronger trend is identified .
Foreign Exchange
Trading down - 0.0061 ( - 0.24 % ) at 2.4972 .
Long - Term Uptrend ( +90 ) - EURFJD is in a strong uptrend that is likely to continue .
While EURFJD is showing intraday weakness , it remains in the confines of a bullish trend .
Traders should use caution and utilize a stop order .
Trading up +0.00000200 ( +0.78 % ) at 0.00025925 .
Countertrend Down ( - 85 ) - COPUSD is showing short - term strength .
However , look for the longer - term bearish trend to resume .
As always , continue to monitor the trend score and set stops .
Mutual Fund
Trading up +0.16 ( +0.91 % ) at 17.71 .
Strong Uptrend ( +100 ) - GPSCX is in a strong uptrend that is likely to continue .
With short - term , intermediate , and long - term bullish momentum , GPSCX continues to climb .
Traders should protect gains and look for a change in score to suggest a slow down in momentum .
Trading unchanged at 13.10 .
Sidelines Mode ( - 55 ) - IQDNX is moving in a sideways pattern and is unable to gain momentum in either direction .
Beware of choppy movement and consider a sidelines position until a stronger trend is identified .
View more Trade Triangles »
With the Senate embracing the reckless Kyl - Lieberman amendment , we 've moved one step closer to attacking Iran .
But there 's still time for Congress to assert itself against yet another needless war with massive destructive potential .
By defining Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps , a core branch of the Iranian military , as a foreign terrorist organization , Kyl - Lieberman put the U.S. Senate on record as vindicating the Bush - Cheney line that Iranian proxies are part of a global conspiracy , linking Al Qaeda , Iraqi insurgents , Hamas , Hezbollah , and any other enemy the administration wants to list .
The bill now makes it far easier for Bush to manufacture some Tonkin Gulf - style excuse , then use it to justify an attack .
No wonder Senator Jim Webb called it Cheney 's fondest pipe dream .
But this vote also gives opponents of this astonishingly reckless path a chance to push back , and draw a line against a unilateral war .
Last March , Senator Webb introduced Senate Bill 759 , to prohibit military action against Iran without explicit Senate approval .
The Foreign Relations Committee has bottled up Webb 's bill so far , but he 's working to move it to the floor .
When the Senators voted for Kyl - Lieberman , most claimed , with echoes of Iraq , that they really were n't giving Bush permission to go to war .
Webb 's bill gives them a chance to back up their rationalizations with their votes .
This past July , Colorado Congressman Mark Udall introduced a companion measure , House Resolution 3119 , with identical language .
I 'm suggesting they both go even further , to include a pledge to initiate or support impeachment proceedings if Bush initiated such an attack without explicit Congressional authorization .
In the House , such a resolution would n't even need Senate ratification ( or overcoming a Republican filibuster or Bush veto ) , since the House can initiate impeachment proceedings on its own .
While such a line - drawing Senate bill could be vetoed or filibustered , it can still assert a fundamental constitutional prerogative , with a commitment to follow through if Bush violated it .
You might see Lieberman - Kyl as an indication that bipartisan jingoism against Iran has reached such a fever pitch that none of this could happen .
But if they hear from their angry grassroots base , the 28 Democratic Senators who voted for it just might start looking for a way to cover themselves politically , and distance themselves from the Bush - Cheney doctrine of reckless preemptive wars .
Even co-sponsor Jon Kyl claimed " this is not intended to be an authorization of military force against Iran.â€ 
So with enough popular pressure , even Senators who just capitulated might turn and vote for a pre-emptive resolution reasserting that Bush is not the sole decider .
Not all the Democrats supported the Kyl - Lieberman , of course .
Although those shamefully backing it included Hillary Clinton and much of the Democratic leadership , John Edwards blasted her for her stand , and Barack Obama , Chris Dodd , Joe Biden , and Bill Richardson all opposed the bill ( though Obama missed the vote when Reid scheduled it earlier than he'd previously indicated while Obama was stuck campaigning in New Hampshire ) .
So did newly elected Democratic Senators Jim Webb , Jon Tester , Sherrod Brown , Claire McCaskill , Amy Klobacher , and Bernie Sanders , and Republicans Chuck Hagel and Richard Lugar .
But the majority got stampeded once again .
Convincing them to switch course and reassert their right to make such a fundamental decision as whether to go to war with Iran will require a major popular outcry : petitions -- from groups like MoveOn , TrueMajority , Working Assets , and Democracy for America -- that are n't just mailed in , but publicly delivered by the basket .
Â
It means marches , rallies and endless phone calls and visits to Congressional offices .
It probably means people sitting in some of these same offices ( and I bet similar efforts around Iraq convinced my own Senator , Washington State 's Maria Cantwell , to vote the right way in this case ) .
We can say these kinds of efforts have so far failed to halt the Iraq war , but they 've certainly fed the Congressional resistance , and it 's always easier to stop wars before they start .
We 're also demanding a far more modest initial goal of Congress and the Senate simply reaffirming their constitutional right to make fundamental war - and - peace decisions in the first place .
So it should be an easier sell . Â
It seems inconceivable that the Bush administration could even contemplate a military attack , given the massive global backlash it would create .
But this administration feeds off a world of its own illusions , so we'd be wise to heed those , like Seymour Hersh , Daniel Ellsberg , and former CIA analyst Ray McGovern , who warn that an attack is likely .
Working to stop it does n't mean sugarcoating Iranian President Ahmadinejad 's more questionable proclamations , though as University of San Francisco Middle East expert Stephen Zunes has pointed out , even some of those are ( or have been ) misstated .
Ahmadinejad 's oft - quoted threat to " wipe Israel off the mapâ€ was in fact a mistranslation of a 20 - year - old quote by Ayatollah Khomeini , and Ahmadinejad explicitly told a group of American religious leaders that it was â€ œnot Iranâ€™s intention to destroy Israel.â€ 
Â Â Â We can point out that Iran 's fundamental decisions on foreign affairs get made not by Ahmadinejad , but by the far more cautious Council of Guardians .
And we can suggest that those itching to attack try viewing the world through the lens of the Iranians , who remember , as we do not , that we 've already once overthrown an elected government of that country , in the 1953 CIA coup that deposed elected Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh in favor of the brutal Shah , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi .
Ahmadinejad might not even have been elected to office had Bush not rejected a major 2003 initiative by Ahmadinejad 's reformist predecessor , Mohammad Khatami , that included accepting peace with Israel and tighter nuclear inspections , and backing off from supporting Hezbollah .
But the campaign against a new Iranian war does n't even have to demand agreement on Iran policy at all .
It just has to reassert the right of Congress to be the final arbiter of whether or not we go to war .
For all their cravenness in the face of Bush 's demands , I doubt that most Senators would launch into attacking Iran while we continue to be mired down in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Pushing for a resolution asserting Congressional rights would provide a concrete focus for those of us working to stop such a war , while placing Congressional Representatives , Senators , and Presidential candidates explicitly on record about whether to grant Bush the power to take this immensely reckless action .
The voters could then respond to those unwilling to sign such a pledge .
Kyl - Lieberman is unquestionably a setback , giving Bush and Cheney still more latitude in proceeding toward global conflagration .
But the now - more - likely war we 're trying to stop is not inevitable .
It 's still up to us and the pressure we can create to stop it before it starts .
Demanding Congress go on record about who decides would be a critical step .
_______
About author Paul Rogat Loeb is the author of The Impossible Will Take a Little While : A Citizen 's Guide to Hope in a Time of Fear , named the # 3 political book of 2004 by the History Channel and the American Book Association .
His previous books include Soul of a Citizen : Living With Conviction in a Cynical Time .
See Paul Rogat Loeb is the author of The Impossible Will Take a Little While : A Citizen 's Guide to Hope in a Time of Fear , named the # 3 political book of 2004 by the History Channel and the American Book Association .
His previous books include Soul of a Citizen : Living With Conviction in a Cynical Time .
See www.paulloeb.org .
To receive his monthly articles email sympa@lists.onenw.org with the subject line : subscribe paulloeb - articles
From HaskellWiki
Articles using Haskell for mathematics , and the mathematics of Haskell .
For further references see the :
Haskell for mathematics
General
Calculus and Differential Geometry
Algebraic Topology and Geometry
Geometry
Group theory
Set theory
Ring theory
Number theory
Cryptography and coding theory
Logic
Numerics
Theorem proving
Quantum computing
Mathematics of Haskell
Category theoretic
Category Theory and the Category of Haskell programs : Part 1 Part 2 Part 3
Lambda and combinator calculi
Other formal logics
Matrix
Predator's
Sure , ASCII art is cool for making lewd gestures and the unicorn that you use for your e-mail signature , but could n't we be doing more with it ?
Well , some Russian artists / DIY 'ers certainly think so , and as a result they 've created an immersive system which allows you to view the world through the lens of real - time ASCII art ( amongst other effects ) .
The designers of this VR headset / live video - effects - unit were hoping to modify " real " reality for the user , thus creating a " virtual reality " experience via video effects ( similar to Photoshop filters ) in a binocular viewer .
The creators used a pair of goggles with a camera attached , a proprietary " black box " consisting of a CPU , battery , and radio transmitter , and custom - coded video processing modes ( we assume , considering the box has no " operating system " ) .
The result ?
Well , besides ASCII -- which looks a bit like thenumbers -- you can do an effect akin to the POV ... though we 're pretty sure it wo n't make you invisible , or a lethal , alien killer .
Check the video after the break to see the psychedelic magic unfold .
[ Via Slashdot
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
The world has reached the point of maximum oil output and production levels will halve by 2030 -- a situation that will eventually lead to war and disaster , a report claims .
The German - based Energy Watch Group released a report Tuesday saying the world 's oil production peaked in 2006 and from now on will drop by around 3 percent a year .
It says that by as early as 2030 , the global availability of oil will be half of what it was at its peak .
" It 's a very serious result , " said Hans - Josef Fell , a German lawmaker from the environmentalist Green Party who commissioned the report .
" I fear the world will come into a big economic crisis in the coming years . "
The report warns that coal , uranium , and other key fossil fuels are also in declining supply .
It predicts the fall in fossil fuel production will bring with it the threat of war , humanitarian disaster , and general social unrest .
But Leo Drollas , who leads oil and gas market analysis and forecasting at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London , said there are plenty of supplies and no looming crisis .
He said the report sounds like " scaremongering . "
Drollas says production could still slow one day , but only because new reserves will be considered too difficult or expensive to extract .
" Oil could be left in the ground and we could move on to another fuel in the future , not because we 're running out of oil but because , economically speaking , it is not worth extracting the oil , " Drollas said .
The debate comes as oil prices have hovered at record level .
Wednesday morning , NYMEX crude was listed at $ 84.96 a barrel ; oil prices topped $ 90 a barrel last week .
Analysts do agree , however , that oil prices could continue to rise , especially if there is further instability in the Middle East .
E-mail to a friend
CNN Correspondent Phil Black contributed to this report
All About Oil Prices • Oil Production and Refining
これまでxnew で生成されたオブジェクトは16byteアライメントを持っていてもいなくても、関係なくmallocで取得したメモリに配置していました。
普通のnewも同様に、関係なく配置します。
なのでアライメントの問題はどうしようもないだろう、と思っていたのですが、
ゲームにおいては、16byteアライメントを持つことはよくありうる、といったこともあり、対応することにしました。
どうやって対応するか、この一週間悩んでやっと実装できました。
xnewで生成されたオブジェクトは、16byteアライメントを持つメンバがある場合16byteアライメントを保障します。
持たないオブジェクトに関してはこれまでどおりです。
#include < xmmintrin.h > struct Vec128 { __m128 a ; } ; struct Spr{ Vec128 v ; } ; XTAL_BIND ( Spr ) { it -> def_var ( " v " , & Spr : : v ) ; } void test ( ) { Spr* p = new Spr ( ) ; _mm_add_ps(p->v.a , p->v.a ) ; SmartPtr < Spr> s = xnew < Spr >( ) ; _mm_add_ps(s->v.a , s->v.a ) ; }
-
今回の実装の余 波
AllocatorLibは次のようなインターフェイスと変更となりました。
class AllocatorLib{ public : virtual ~ AllocatorLib ( ) {} virtual void * malloc ( std : : size_t size ) ; virtual void free ( void * p , std : : size_t size ) ; virtual void * malloc_align ( std : : size_t size , std : : size_t alignment ) ; virtual void free_align ( void * p , std : : size_t size , std : : size_t alignment ) ; virtual void out_of_memory ( ) {} } ;
malloc_align , free_alignが増えています。
ただし、これらは実装しなくてもかまいません。デフォルトの実装でmallocを使って整列するメモリを返すようになっています。
memalignなど、もっと効率のよい関数がある場合にオーバーライドしてください。
-
また、RefCountingBase , Baseという基底クラスも修正しました。
仮想関数はすべてon_という接頭をつけた名前にリネームし、非仮想関数としました。
たとえばvirtual void rawmember ( ) ; はvoid on_rawmember ( ) ; となります 。
デストラクタも非仮想とし、仮想関数を排除しました。
ただし、特別な仕組みを導入したため、それらは仮想関数と同様にオーバーライドできます。
by Mikael Rudolph
www.ImpeachforPeace.org
Wesley Clark on last night ’s Countdown by Keith Olbermann on MSNBC discussed some of the questions swirling around newly revealed facts in the death in Afghanistan of former NFL star Pat Tillman :
Yesterday ’s article Bullet holes in Pat Tillman raised suspicions about his death , documents show by AP National Writer Martha Mendoza addressed newly - released evidence :
SAN FRANCISCO | Army medical examiners were suspicious about the close proximity of the three bullet holes in Pat Tillman ’s forehead , according to documents obtained by The Associated Press .
The examiners tried without success to get authorities to investigate whether the former NFL player ’s death in Afghanistan amounted to a crime , the documents show .
“ The medical evidence did not match up with the scenario as described , ”  a doctor who examined Tillman ’s body after he was killed on the battlefield in Afghanistan in 2004 told investigators .
The doctors – whose names were blacked out – said the bullet holes were so close together it appeared the Army Ranger was cut down by an M - 16 fired from a mere 10 yards or so away .
( AP Article )
So why would the Bush Administration invoke Executive Privilege to cover up the truth behind Tillman ’s death ? :
There have long been suspicions of Tillman ’s death being an intentional silencing of a potential war and Bush Administration critic , as presented in Altermedia ’s : Was Hero Pat Tillman Murdered by Neocons ? and Prison Planet ’s New Evidence Clearly Indicates Pat Tillman Was Executed .
According to wikipedia ’s entry on Tillman : “ The September 25 , 2005 edition of the San Francisco Chronicle newspaper reported that Tillman held views which were critical of the Iraq war and did not support President Bush ’s re-election .
According to Tillman ’s mother , a friend of Tillman had arranged a meeting with Noam Chomsky , to take place after his return from Afghanistan .
Chomsky has confirmed this .
The article also reported that Tillman urged a soldier in his platoon to vote for John Kerry in the 2004 U.S. Presidential election . ”
For an extensive investigative series into Tillman ’s death , read THE TILLMAN FILES on fromthewilderness.com .
Finally , it is never too late to read this incredible piece written by Pat ’s brother published on the eve of last year ’s mid-term elections :
After Pat ’s Birthday by Kevin Tillman
Is it an outrageous and ridiculous possibility that Pat Tillman was ordered to be killed by the people who would have the most to lose if he came home and spoke out against them ?
Only to those who still do n’t accept the now indisputable fact that NeoCon lies got us into wars in Afghanistan and Iraq in the first place , leading directly to the deaths of more than 3,000 American soldiers .
What is one more dead soldier to them but a pawn in their tyrannical game of conquest , power and profit ?
ABOUT MICHAEL CRICHTON Biography FAQ Predictions
IN MEMORIAM Remembering Michael
BOOKS & MOVIES Overview Micro Pirate Latitudes Next State of Fear Prey Timeline Airframe Twister Lost World ER Disclosure Rising Sun Jurassic Park Travels Sphere Runaway Electronic Life Looker Congo Coma Jasper Johns Eaters of the Dead Great Train Robbery Westworld Terminal Man Five Patients Andromeda Strain
ESSAYS Overview Patenting Life Bodysnatchers 2006 This Essay Breaks Happiness How To Fight Men's Hearts America Beyond Love Is Panic in the Sheets
THE MED SCHOOL YEARS Overview News
FOR YOUNGER READERS Q & A Crichtonsaurus bohlini Students & Leaders
NEWS WHAT'S NEW
FACEBOOK PAGE
HOME
ESSAYS
Tweet
Why Politicized Science is Dangerous
( Excerpted from State of Fear )
Imagine that there is a new scientific theory that warns of an impending crisis , and points to a way out .
This theory quickly draws support from leading scientists , politicians and celebrities around the world .
Research is funded by distinguished philanthropies , and carried out at prestigious universities .
The crisis is reported frequently in the media .
The science is taught in college and high school classrooms .
I do n't mean global warming .
I 'm talking about another theory , which rose to prominence a century ago .
Its supporters included Theodore Roosevelt , Woodrow Wilson , and Winston Churchill .
It was approved by Supreme Court justices Oliver Wendell Holmes and Louis Brandeis , who ruled in its favor .
The famous names who supported it included Alexander Graham Bell , inventor of the telephone ; activist Margaret Sanger ; botanist Luther Burbank ; Leland Stanford , founder of Stanford University ; the novelist H. G. Wells ; the playwright George Bernard Shaw ; and hundreds of others .
Nobel Prize winners gave support .
Research was backed by the Carnegie and Rockefeller Foundations .
The Cold Springs Harbor Institute was built to carry out this research , but important work was also done at Harvard , Yale , Princeton , Stanford and Johns Hopkins .
Legislation to address the crisis was passed in states from New York to California .
These efforts had the support of the National Academy of Sciences , the American Medical Association , and the National Research Council .
It was said that if Jesus were alive , he would have supported this effort .
All in all , the research , legislation and molding of public opinion surrounding the theory went on for almost half a century .
Those who opposed the theory were shouted down and called reactionary , blind to reality , or just plain ignorant .
But in hindsight , what is surprising is that so few people objected .
Today , we know that this famous theory that gained so much support was actually pseudoscience .
The crisis it claimed was nonexistent .
And the actions taken in the name of theory were morally and criminally wrong .
Ultimately , they led to the deaths of millions of people .
The theory was eugenics , and its history is so dreadful --- and , to those who were caught up in it , so embarrassing --- that it is now rarely discussed .
But it is a story that should be well know to every citizen , so that its horrors are not repeated .
The theory of eugenics postulated a crisis of the gene pool leading to the deterioration of the human race .
The best human beings were not breeding as rapidly as the inferior ones --- the foreigners , immigrants , Jews , degenerates , the unfit , and the " feeble minded . "
Francis Galton , a respected British scientist , first speculated about this area , but his ideas were taken far beyond anything he intended .
They were adopted by science - minded Americans , as well as those who had no interest in science but who were worried about the immigration of inferior races early in the twentieth century --- " dangerous human pests " who represented " the rising tide of imbeciles " and who were polluting the best of the human race .
The eugenicists and the immigrationists joined forces to put a stop to this .
The plan was to identify individuals who were feeble - minded ---
Jews were agreed to be largely feeble - minded , but so were many foreigners , as well as blacks --- and stop them from breeding by isolation in institutions or by sterilization .
As Margaret Sanger said , " Fostering the good - for - nothing at the expense of the good is an extreme cruelty ... there is not greater curse to posterity than that of bequeathing them an increasing population of imbeciles . "
She spoke of the burden of caring for " this dead weight of human waste . "
Such views were widely shared .
H.G. Wells spoke against " ill - trained swarms of inferior citizens . "
Theodore Roosevelt said that " Society has no business to permit degenerates to reproduce their kind . "
Luther Burbank " " Stop permitting criminals and weaklings to reproduce . "
George Bernard
Shaw said that only eugenics could save mankind .
There was overt racism in this movement , exemplified by texts such as " The Rising Tide of Color Against White World Supremacy " by American author Lothrop Stoddard .
But , at the time , racism was considered an unremarkable aspect of the effort to attain a marvelous goal --- the improvement of humankind in the future .
It was this avant - garde notion that attracted the most liberal and progressive minds of a generation .
California was one of twenty - nine American states to pass laws allowing sterilization , but it proved the most - forward - looking and enthusiastic --- more sterilizations were carried out in California than anywhere else in America .
Eugenics research was funded by the Carnegie Foundation , and later by the Rockefeller Foundation .
The latter was so enthusiastic that even after the center of the eugenics effort moved to Germany , and involved the gassing of individuals from mental institutions , the Rockefeller Foundation continued to finance German researchers at a very high level .
( The foundation was quiet about it , but they were still funding research in 1939 , only months before the onset of World War II . )
Since the 1920s , American eugenicists had been jealous because the Germans had taken leadership of the movement away from them .
The Germans were admirably progressive .
They set up ordinary - looking houses where " mental defectives " were brought and interviewed one at a time , before being led into a back room , which was , in fact , a gas chamber .
There , they were gassed with carbon monoxide , and their bodies disposed of in a crematorium located on the property .
Eventually , this program was expanded into a vast network of concentration camps located near railroad lines , enabling the efficient transport and of killing ten million undesirables .
After World War II , nobody was a eugenicist , and nobody had ever been a eugenicist .
Biographers of the celebrated and the powerful did not dwell on the attractions of this philosophy to their subjects , and sometimes did not mention it at all .
Eugenics ceased to be a subject for college classrooms , although some argue that its ideas continue to have currency in disguised form .
But in retrospect , three points stand out .
First , despite the construction of Cold Springs Harbor Laboratory , despite the efforts of universities and the pleadings of lawyers , there was no scientific basis for eugenics .
In fact , nobody at that time knew what a gene really was .
The movement was able to proceed because it employed vague terms never rigorously defined .
" Feeble - mindedness " could mean anything from poverty to illiteracy to epilepsy .
Similarly , there was no clear definition of " degenerate " or " unfit . "
Second , the eugenics movement was really a social program masquerading as a scientific one .
What drove it was concern about immigration and racism and undesirable people moving into one 's neighborhood or country .
Once again , vague terminology helped conceal what was really going on .
Third , and most distressing , the scientific establishment in both the United States and Germany did not mount any sustained protest .
Quite the contrary .
In Germany scientists quickly fell into line with the program .
Modern German researchers have gone back to review Nazi documents from the 1930s .
They expected to find directives telling scientists what research should be done .
But none were necessary .
In the words of Ute Deichman , " Scientists , including those who were not members of the [ Nazi ] party , helped to get funding for their work through their modified behavior and direct cooperation with the state . "
Deichman speaks of the " active role of scientists themselves in regard to Nazi race policy ... where [ research ] was aimed at confirming the racial doctrine ... no external pressure can be documented . "
German scientists adjusted their research interests to the new policies .
And those few who did not adjust disappeared .
A second example of politicized science is quite different in character , but it exemplifies the hazard of government ideology controlling the work of science , and of uncritical media promoting false concepts .
Trofim Denisovich Lysenko was a self - promoting peasant who , it was said , " solved the problem of fertilizing the fields without fertilizers and minerals . "
In 1928 he claimed to have invented a procedure called vernalization , by which seeds were moistened and chilled to enhance the later growth of crops .
Lysenko's methods never faced a rigorous test , but his claim that his treated seeds passed on their characteristics to the next generation represented a revival of Lamarckian ideas at a time when the rest of the world was embracing Mendelian genetics .
Josef Stalin was drawn to Lamarckian ideas , which implied a future unbounded by hereditary constraints ; he also wanted improved agricultural production .
Lysenko promised both , and became the darling of a Soviet media that was on the lookout for stories about clever peasants who had developed revolutionary procedures .
Lysenko was portrayed as a genius , and he milked his celebrity for all it was worth .
He was especially skillful at denouncing this opponents .
He used questionnaires from farmers to prove that vernalization increased crop yields , and thus avoided any direct tests .
Carried on a wave of state - sponsored enthusiasm , his rise was rapid .
By 1937 , he was a member of the Supreme Soviet .
By then , Lysenko and his theories dominated Russian biology .
The result was famines that killed millions , and purges that sent hundreds of dissenting Soviet scientists to the gulags or the firing squads .
Lysenko was aggressive in attacking genetics , which was finally banned as " bourgeois pseudoscience " in 1948 .
There was never any basis for Lysenko's ideas , yet he controlled Soviet research for thirty years .
Lysenkoism ended in the 1960s , but Russian biology still has not entirely recovered from that era .
Now we are engaged in a great new theory that once again has drawn the support of politicians , scientists , and celebrities around the world .
Once again , the theory is promoted by major foundations .
Once again , the research is carried out at prestigious universities .
Once again , legislation is passed and social programs are urged in its name .
Once again , critics are few and harshly dealt with .
Once again , the measures being urged have little basis in fact or science .
Once again , groups with other agendas are hiding behind a movement that appears high - minded .
Once again , claims of moral superiority are used to justify extreme actions .
Once again , the fact that some people are hurt is shrugged off because an abstract cause is said to be greater than any human consequences .
Once again , vague terms like sustainability and generational justice --- terms that have no agreed definition --- are employed in the service of a new crisis .
I am not arguing that global warming is the same as eugenics .
But the similarities are not superficial .
And I do claim that open and frank discussion of the data , and of the issues , is being suppressed .
Leading scientific journals have taken strong editorial positions of the side of global warming , which , I argue , they have no business doing .
Under the circumstances , any scientist who has doubts understands clearly that they will be wise to mute their expression .
One proof of this suppression is the fact that so many of the outspoken critics of global warming are retired professors .
These individuals are not longer seeking grants , and no longer have to face colleagues whose grant applications and career advancement may be jeopardized by their criticisms .
In science , the old men are usually wrong .
But in politics , the old men are wise , counsel caution , and in the end are often right .
The past history of human belief is a cautionary tale .
We have killed thousands of our fellow human beings because we believed they had signed a contract with the devil , and had become witches .
We still kill more than a thousand people each year for witchcraft .
In my view , there is only one hope for humankind to emerge from what Carl Sagan called " the demon - haunted world " of our past .
That hope is science .
But as Alston Chase put it , " when the search for truth is confused with political advocacy , the pursuit of knowledge is reduced to the quest for power . "
That is the danger we now face .
And this is why the intermixing of science and politics is a bad combination , with a bad history .
We must remember the history , and be certain that what we present to the world as knowledge is disinterested and honest .
NOTE : The essays contained on this site are the property of Michael Crichton and may not be reproduced , copied , edited , published , transmitted or uploaded in any way .
© 1997 -2014 CrichtonSun Productions
All rights reserved .
Home | Contact Us Imagine that there is a new scientific theory that warns of an impending crisis , and points to a way out .
This theory quickly draws support from leading scientists , politicians and celebrities around the world .
Research is funded by distinguished philanthropies , and carried out at prestigious universities .
The crisis is reported frequently in the media .
The science is taught in college and high school classrooms .
I do n't mean global warming .
I 'm talking about another theory , which rose to prominence a century ago .
Its supporters included Theodore Roosevelt , Woodrow Wilson , and Winston Churchill .
It was approved by Supreme Court justices Oliver Wendell Holmes and Louis Brandeis , who ruled in its favor .
The famous names who supported it included Alexander Graham Bell , inventor of the telephone ; activist Margaret Sanger ; botanist Luther Burbank ; Leland Stanford , founder of Stanford University ; the novelist H. G. Wells ; the playwright George Bernard Shaw ; and hundreds of others .
Nobel Prize winners gave support .
Research was backed by the Carnegie and Rockefeller Foundations .
The Cold Springs Harbor Institute was built to carry out this research , but important work was also done at Harvard , Yale , Princeton , Stanford and Johns Hopkins .
Legislation to address the crisis was passed in states from New York to California .
These efforts had the support of the National Academy of Sciences , the American Medical Association , and the National Research Council .
It was said that if Jesus were alive , he would have supported this effort .
All in all , the research , legislation and molding of public opinion surrounding the theory went on for almost half a century .
Those who opposed the theory were shouted down and called reactionary , blind to reality , or just plain ignorant .
But in hindsight , what is surprising is that so few people objected .
Today , we know that this famous theory that gained so much support was actually pseudoscience .
The crisis it claimed was nonexistent .
And the actions taken in the name of theory were morally and criminally wrong .
Ultimately , they led to the deaths of millions of people .
The theory was eugenics , and its history is so dreadful --- and , to those who were caught up in it , so embarrassing --- that it is now rarely discussed .
But it is a story that should be well know to every citizen , so that its horrors are not repeated .
The theory of eugenics postulated a crisis of the gene pool leading to the deterioration of the human race .
The best human beings were not breeding as rapidly as the inferior ones --- the foreigners , immigrants , Jews , degenerates , the unfit , and the " feeble minded . "
Francis Galton , a respected British scientist , first speculated about this area , but his ideas were taken far beyond anything he intended .
They were adopted by science - minded Americans , as well as those who had no interest in science but who were worried about the immigration of inferior races early in the twentieth century --- " dangerous human pests " who represented " the rising tide of imbeciles " and who were polluting the best of the human race .
The eugenicists and the immigrationists joined forces to put a stop to this .
The plan was to identify individuals who were feeble - minded ---
Jews were agreed to be largely feeble - minded , but so were many foreigners , as well as blacks --- and stop them from breeding by isolation in institutions or by sterilization .
As Margaret Sanger said , " Fostering the good - for - nothing at the expense of the good is an extreme cruelty ... there is not greater curse to posterity than that of bequeathing them an increasing population of imbeciles . "
She spoke of the burden of caring for " this dead weight of human waste .
" Such views were widely shared .
H.G. Wells spoke against " ill - trained swarms of inferior citizens . "
Theodore Roosevelt said that " Society has no business to permit degenerates to reproduce their kind . "
Luther Burbank " " Stop permitting criminals and weaklings to reproduce . "
George Bernard
Shaw said that only eugenics could save mankind .
There was overt racism in this movement , exemplified by texts such as " The Rising Tide of Color Against White World Supremacy " by American author Lothrop Stoddard .
But , at the time , racism was considered an unremarkable aspect of the effort to attain a marvelous goal --- the improvement of humankind in the future .
It was this avant - garde notion that attracted the most liberal and progressive minds of a generation .
California was one of twenty - nine American states to pass laws allowing sterilization , but it proved the most - forward - looking and enthusiastic --- more sterilizations were carried out in California than anywhere else in America .
Eugenics research was funded by the Carnegie Foundation , and later by the Rockefeller Foundation .
The latter was so enthusiastic that even after the center of the eugenics effort moved to Germany , and involved the gassing of individuals from mental institutions , the Rockefeller Foundation continued to finance German researchers at a very high level .
( The foundation was quiet about it , but they were still funding research in 1939 , only months before the onset of World War II . )
Since the 1920s , American eugenicists had been jealous because the Germans had taken leadership of the movement away from them .
The Germans were admirably progressive .
They set up ordinary - looking houses where " mental defectives " were brought and interviewed one at a time , before being led into a back room , which was , in fact , a gas chamber .
There , they were gassed with carbon monoxide , and their bodies disposed of in a crematorium located on the property .
Eventually , this program was expanded into a vast network of concentration camps located near railroad lines , enabling the efficient transport and of killing ten million undesirables .
After World War II , nobody was a eugenicist , and nobody had ever been a eugenicist .
Biographers of the celebrated and the powerful did not dwell on the attractions of this philosophy to their subjects , and sometimes did not mention it at all .
Eugenics ceased to be a subject for college classrooms , although some argue that its ideas continue to have currency in disguised form .
But in retrospect , three points stand out .
First , despite the construction of Cold Springs Harbor Laboratory , despite the efforts of universities and the pleadings of lawyers , there was no scientific basis for eugenics .
In fact , nobody at that time knew what a gene really was .
The movement was able to proceed because it employed vague terms never rigorously defined .
" Feeble - mindedness " could mean anything from poverty to illiteracy to epilepsy .
Similarly , there was no clear definition of " degenerate " or " unfit .
" Second , the eugenics movement was really a social program masquerading as a scientific one .
What drove it was concern about immigration and racism and undesirable people moving into one 's neighborhood or country .
Once again , vague terminology helped conceal what was really going on .
Third , and most distressing , the scientific establishment in both the United States and Germany did not mount any sustained protest .
Quite the contrary .
In Germany scientists quickly fell into line with the program .
Modern German researchers have gone back to review Nazi documents from the 1930s .
They expected to find directives telling scientists what research should be done .
But none were necessary .
In the words of Ute Deichman , " Scientists , including those who were not members of the [ Nazi ] party , helped to get funding for their work through their modified behavior and direct cooperation with the state . "
Deichman speaks of the " active role of scientists themselves in regard to Nazi race policy ... where [ research ] was aimed at confirming the racial doctrine ... no external pressure can be documented . "
German scientists adjusted their research interests to the new policies .
And those few who did not adjust disappeared .
A second example of politicized science is quite different in character , but it exemplifies the hazard of government ideology controlling the work of science , and of uncritical media promoting false concepts .
Trofim Denisovich Lysenko was a self - promoting peasant who , it was said , " solved the problem of fertilizing the fields without fertilizers and minerals . "
In 1928 he claimed to have invented a procedure called vernalization , by which seeds were moistened and chilled to enhance the later growth of crops .
Lysenko's methods never faced a rigorous test , but his claim that his treated seeds passed on their characteristics to the next generation represented a revival of Lamarckian ideas at a time when the rest of the world was embracing Mendelian genetics .
Josef Stalin was drawn to Lamarckian ideas , which implied a future unbounded by hereditary constraints ; he also wanted improved agricultural production .
Lysenko promised both , and became the darling of a Soviet media that was on the lookout for stories about clever peasants who had developed revolutionary procedures .
Lysenko was portrayed as a genius , and he milked his celebrity for all it was worth .
He was especially skillful at denouncing this opponents .
He used questionnaires from farmers to prove that vernalization increased crop yields , and thus avoided any direct tests .
Carried on a wave of state - sponsored enthusiasm , his rise was rapid .
By 1937 , he was a member of the Supreme Soviet .
By then , Lysenko and his theories dominated Russian biology .
The result was famines that killed millions , and purges that sent hundreds of dissenting Soviet scientists to the gulags or the firing squads .
Lysenko was aggressive in attacking genetics , which was finally banned as " bourgeois pseudoscience " in 1948 .
There was never any basis for Lysenko's ideas , yet he controlled Soviet research for thirty years .
Lysenkoism ended in the 1960s , but Russian biology still has not entirely recovered from that era .
Now we are engaged in a great new theory that once again has drawn the support of politicians , scientists , and celebrities around the world .
Once again , the theory is promoted by major foundations .
Once again , the research is carried out at prestigious universities .
Once again , legislation is passed and social programs are urged in its name .
Once again , critics are few and harshly dealt with .
Once again , the measures being urged have little basis in fact or science .
Once again , groups with other agendas are hiding behind a movement that appears high - minded .
Once again , claims of moral superiority are used to justify extreme actions .
Once again , the fact that some people are hurt is shrugged off because an abstract cause is said to be greater than any human consequences .
Once again , vague terms like sustainability and generational justice --- terms that have no agreed definition --- are employed in the service of a new crisis .
I am not arguing that global warming is the same as eugenics .
But the similarities are not superficial .
And I do claim that open and frank discussion of the data , and of the issues , is being suppressed .
Leading scientific journals have taken strong editorial positions of the side of global warming , which , I argue , they have no business doing .
Under the circumstances , any scientist who has doubts understands clearly that they will be wise to mute their expression .
One proof of this suppression is the fact that so many of the outspoken critics of global warming are retired professors .
These individuals are not longer seeking grants , and no longer have to face colleagues whose grant applications and career advancement may be jeopardized by their criticisms .
In science , the old men are usually wrong .
But in politics , the old men are wise , counsel caution , and in the end are often right .
The past history of human belief is a cautionary tale .
We have killed thousands of our fellow human beings because we believed they had signed a contract with the devil , and had become witches .
We still kill more than a thousand people each year for witchcraft .
In my view , there is only one hope for humankind to emerge from what Carl Sagan called " the demon - haunted world " of our past .
That hope is science .
But as Alston Chase put it , " when the search for truth is confused with political advocacy , the pursuit of knowledge is reduced to the quest for power .
" That is the danger we now face .
And this is why the intermixing of science and politics is a bad combination , with a bad history .
We must remember the history , and be certain that what we present to the world as knowledge is disinterested and honest .
August 19 , 2007
This is simply not how we are supposed to operate in America .
This country is supposed to be a model for justice around the world .
It is supposed to be the example of due process and equality under the law .
We have seen many egregious violations of our core principles under the renegade Bush Administration but what happened this past week typifies the absolute worst of what we can be when we allow fear to supersede our laws .
When we allow partisanship to replace our values .
The powers that be and the corporate controlled media will have us believe that we are left or right , blue or red , and republican or democrat .
Apparently along the way we have simply forgotten what is right and wrong .
This week a guilty verdict was reached in the case of Jose Padilla .
The White House gushed at the verdict as if they were proud of the subversion of democracy they orchestrated for years in dealing with the prosecution of this citizen .
In 2002 Jose Padilla was arrested for allegedly conspiring to release a dirty bomb in an undesignated American city .
The media fanfare the Bush Administration created to announce the arrest was ostentatious and grandiose .
We were told how lucky we were to have the administration looking out for such plots against our homeland .
Of course Jose Padilla never stood trial for the crimes he was arrested for .
What happened to him next should never happen in a country that calls itself free .
Soon after his arrest , Padilla was designated an “ unlawful enemy combatant ” for the sole purpose of allowing the Bush Administration to do what they wished to him without fear of oversight , reprisal or restriction .
He was “ disappeared ” to a brig off the coast of South Carolina where he was kept for years without contact and without legal representation .
Habeas Corpus was eradicated ; a key lynchpin of democratic societies for over 800 years .
In an attempt to break his will , Padilla was subjected to complete and abject isolation for years .
He was tortured .
Plain and simple ; he was tortured .
I do not care how many times Bush likes to say “ we do n’t torture ” ; Jose Padilla was routinely and purposefully tortured for a period of years .
The result was not a broken will but a broken human being .
He was essentially driven mad , as policy .
No court was allowed to oversee or check the new unlimited power of the would be tyrant .
Only when it became obvious to the administration that the Supreme Court would demand that Padilla be tried or released did Bush bother to take Mr. Padilla to trial .
When the administration did , they took a shell of a human being to trial , not for the crimes they alleged when they arrested him for , but rather for activities that he and friends of his engaged in during the 1990’s .
Did you get that America ?
Do you fully comprehend what happened ?
A United States citizen was arrested for alleged crimes , was stripped of all rights as a citizen , dumped into isolation in prison for years with no legal representation , and only when the hand of the administration was forced he was brought to trial for completely different crimes , discovered after the fact and after years of being tortured .
That is not due process .
That is not even remotely just .
It has been compared to governmental behavior found during the height of the Soviet Union .
Even the conservative Cato Institute had to lament that “ for those of us concerned about the rule of law , the Padilla episode is not the way America is supposed to work . "
Rule of law ?
How about basic human decency ?
What have we become in latter day America when this is heralded as a “ victory ? ”
If the man was that guilty , why did he have to be tortured to the point of near insanity ?
I do not pretend to know if Jose Padilla supported terrorism or not .
I do not know if he is as bad as the government says he is .
What I do know is that what happened to him is a stain on the fabric of our democracy and the conviction this week does not change that .
In fact , it only highlights what happens when we become so scared that we are willing to look the other way while our civil liberties are stripped away .
Our government took an American citizen and tortured him until they drove him insane .
They could not even bring charges against him for what they had originally arrested him for .
Instead they reached back a decade and found anything they could that might stick .
Those of you out there that think this is good for our safety miss the point of being a democracy .
You miss the point of what we are supposed to stand for .
If you saw this story and thought it was a positive event for our nation , you have forgotten the faces of those who have died to protect the very democracy that is crumbling around us .
If Jose Padilla is all it takes for us to compromise our most basic values as human beings then where does that leave us ?
No better than the tyranny we have fought against for over 200 years .
We have become what we abhor .
We now stand for what we have loathed .
When the protection of the free requires the removal of liberty , we are left to be free no more .
Wednesday 31 January 2007 @ 4:40 pm
I did this last year , too , so being as it ’s almost February already , I might as well do it again .
What follows is the ten films I enjoyed the most in 2006 .
This is not an authoritative list .
This is not me saying “ These films rocked , all others sucked . ”
I ’m not qualified to tell you what cinema is better than most .
As I ’ve not seen every movie that was theatrically released in 2006 , I ca n’t even make like these ten were the best of the lot .
These are MY faves – the flicks which did something for me , personally .
So before you get all internet - chat - room -y and start tearing me a new one ( “ This hack ca n’t direct his own stupid ass movies , so why the fuck ’s he making like he ’s film savvy ? ! ” ) , remember : blasting someone because they prefer films you do n’t is as futile and stupid as blasting someone who does n’t like Devil Dogs .
Not everyone is down with Drakes Cakes ; some cats like that Hostess shit .
At the end of the day , neither will prolong your life one second longer ( unless you ’re starving to death and somone tosses you a Yankee Doodle ) .
To start with , here ’s a fairly comprehensive list of all the major theatrical releases of last year …
BLOODRAYNE
GRANDMA’S BOY
HOSTEL
GLORY ROAD
LAST HOLIDAY
TRISTAN & ISOLDE
UNDERWORLD : EVOLUTION
ANNAPOLIS
BIG MOMMA’S HOUSE 2
IMAGINE YOU & ME
NANNY MCPHEE
TRISTRAM SHANDY : A COCK AND BULL STORY
A GOOD WOMAN
MANDERLAY
SOMETHING NEW
WHEN A STRANGER CALLS
CURIOUS GEORGE
FINAL DESTINATION 3
FIREWALL
LONDON
THE PINK PANTHER
DATE MOVIE
EIGHT BELOW
FREEDOMLAND
DOOGAL
RUNNING SCARED
MADEA’S FAMILY REUNION
16 BLOCKS
AQUAMARINE
ULTRAVIOLET
ASK THE DUST
DUCK SEASON
FAILURE TO LAUNCH
THE HILLS HAVE EYES
THE LIBERTINE
THE SHAGGY DOG
DON’T COME KNOCKING
FIND ME GUILTY
SHE’S THE MAN
THANK YOU FOR SMOKING
V FOR VENDETTA
INSIDE MAN
LONESOME JIM
STAY ALIVE
ADAM & STEVE
ATL
BASIC INSTINCT 2
BRICK
ICE AGE : THE MELTDOWN
SLITHER
THE BENCHWARMERS
FRIENDS WITH MONEY
LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN
TAKE THE LEAD
HARD CANDY
MOZART AND THE WHALE
THE NOTORIOUS BETTY PAGE
SCARY MOVIE 4
THE SISTERS
THE WILD
AMERICAN DREAMZ
THE SENTINEL
SILENT HILL
AKEELAH AND THE BEE
RV
STICK IT
UNITED 93
AN AMERICAN HAUNTING
ART SCHOOL CONFIDENTIAL
DOWN IN THE VALLEY
HOOT
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 3
GOAL !
THE DREAM BEGINS
JUST MY LUCK
KEEPING UP WITH THE STEINS
POSEIDON
THE DA VINCI CODE
THE KING
OVER THE HEDGE
SEE NO EVIL
X -MEN : THE LAST STAND
THE BREAK-UP
DISTRICT B13
PEACEFUL WARRIOR
THE OMEN
CARS
A PRAIRIE HOME COMPANION
THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS : TOKYO DRIFT
GARFIELD ’S A TALE OF TWO KITTIES
THE LAKE HOUSE
NACHO LIBRE
CLICK
WAIST DEEP
STRANGERS WITH CANDY
SUPERMAN RETURNS
WHO KILLED THE ELECTRIC CAR ?
THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA
BEOWULF AND GRENDEL
PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN : DEAD MAN’S CHEST
A SCANNER DARKLY
LITTLE MAN
YOU , ME AND DUPREE
LADY IN THE WATER
CLERKS II
MONSTER HOUSE
MY SUPER EX - GIRLFRIEND
LITTLE MISS SUNSHINE
ANT BULLY
JOHN TUCKER MUST DIE
MIAMI VICE
SCOOP
BARNYARD
THE DESCENT
THE NIGHT LISTENER
QUINCEANERA
TALLADEGA NIGHTS
WORLD TRADE CENTER
HALF NELSON
THE HOUSE OF SAND
PULSE
STEP UP
ZOOM
ACCEPTED
THE ILLUSIONIST
MATERIAL GIRLS
SNAKES ON A PLANE
TRUST THE MAN
BEERFEST
HOW TO EAT FRIED WORMS
IDLEWILD
INVINCIBLE
THE QUIET
CRANK
CROSSOVER
IDIOCRACY
RIDING ALONE FOR THOUSANDS OF MILES
THIS FILM IS NOT YET RATED
WICKER MAN
THE COVENANT
HOLLYWOODLAND
THE PROTECTOR
THE BLACK DAHLIA
CONFETTI
EVERYONE’S HERO
GRIDIRON GANG
HAVEN
THE LAST KISS
ALL THE KING ’S MEN
AMERICAN HARDCORE
FEARLESS
FEAST
FLYBOYS
JACKASS NUMBER 2
THE SCIENCE OF SLEEP
THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND
THE GUARDIAN
A GUIDE TO RECOGNIZING YOUR SAINTS
OPEN SEASON
SCHOOL FOR SCOUNDRELS
THE DEPARTED
EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH
LITTLE CHILDREN
TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE BEGINNING
THE GRUDGE 2
INFAMOUS
MAN OF THE YEAR
THE MARINE
THE QUEEN
OPERATION STORMBREAKER
FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS
FLICKA
MARIE ANTOINETTE
THE PRESTIGE
RUNNING WITH SCISSORS
BABEL
CATCH A FIRE
SAW 3
BORAT
FLUSHED AWAY
THE SANTA CLAUSE 3
VOLVER
FUR
A GOOD YEAR
HARSH TIMES
THE RETURN
STRANGER THAN FICTION
BOBBY
CANDY
CASINO ROYALE
FAST FOOD NATION
FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
HAPPY FEET
THE HISTORY BOYS
DECK THE HALLS
DEJA VU
THE FOUNTAIN
LET ’S GO TO PRISON
APOCALYPTO
BREAKING AND ENTERING
DOA : DEAD OR ALIVE
THE GOOD GERMAN
THE HOLIDAY
UNACCOMPANIED MINORS
BLOOD DIAMOND
DREAMGIRLS
ERAGON
THE PAINTED VEIL
THE PURSUIT OF HAPPYNESS
CHARLOTTE’S WEB
THE GOOD SHEPHERD
NIGHT AT THE MUSEUM
ROCKY BALBOA
NOTES ON A SCANDAL
MS. POTTER
WE ARE MARSAHLL
BLACK CHRISTMAS
CHILDREN OF MEN
PERFUME
PAN’S LABYRINTH
Of those , here are the 85 I saw …
Hostel
Tristram Shandy
Curious George
Firewall
The Pink Panther
Doogal
Running Scared
16 Blocks
The Hills Have Eyes
The Shaggy Dog
Find Me Guilty
Thank You For Smoking
V For Vendetta
Inside Man
Basic Instinct 2
Brick
Ice Age : The Meltdown
Slither
Friends With Money
Lucky Number Slevin
Hard Candy
The Notorious Betty Page
American Dreamz
The Sentinel
Silent Hill
Akeelah and the Bee
United 93
Art School Confidential
Down in the Valley
Mission Impossible 3
Poseidon
The Da Vinci Code
Over the Hedge
X - Men : The Last Stand
The Break - Up
The Omen
Cars
A Prairie Home Companion
Nacho Libre
Superman Returns
The Devil Wears Prada
Pirates of the Carribbean : Dead Man’s Chest
You , Me and Dupree
Lady in the Water
Clerks II
My Super Ex-Girlfriend
Little Miss Sunshine
Miami Vice
Scoop
The Descent
Quinceanera
Talladega Nights
World Trade Center
Half Nelson
Step Up
Accepted
The Illusionist
Snakes on a Plane
Invincible
This Film is Not Yet Rated
Wicker Man
Hollywoodland
The Black Dahlia
The Last Kiss
Feast
The Last King of Scotland
The Guardian
Open Season
The Departed
Little Children
Infamous
The Queen
Marie Antoinette
The Prestige
Running with Scissors
Babel
Borat
Stranger Than Fiction
Bobby
Candy
Happy Feet
The Fountain
Breaking and Entering
The Good German
The Holiday
Blood Diamond
Dreamgirls
The Pursuit of Happyness
The Good Shepherd
Night at the Museum
Rocky Balboa
Notes on a Scandal
Ms. Potter
Children of Men
Perfume
Pan ’s Labyrinth
Of the 85 I saw , here are my Top Ten for 2006 , starting with number one ( motherfuck burying the lead ) …
The One Everybody Else Liked Too
THE DEPARTED
This is the one film I watched repeatedly in 2006 ( other than “ Clerks II ” , which I had to watch even more during our edit , promotion , etc. ) – and I did so because it ’s so fucking genius .
I ’ve seen it eight times now , and it ’s been an excellent , compelling watch every time .
I will never tire of it .
Lots of folks were saying “ Scorcese ’s back ! ” , but I never thought he left ; ca n’t a brother take a leave of absence from the genre he defined to try other shit every once in awhile ?
But return to the genre he ’s most identified with he did , and Jesus , did Mr. Scorcese do so with a vengeance !
“ The Departed ” is so good , it ’s actually a strong contender for sex substitute : I ’d almost rather watch the flick again than get laid ( almost ) .
All the performances , across the board , are superb , but the star turn , for me , was by Matty Damon : he was outstanding as the nearly amoral , uber - charming climber who acts as Jack Nicholson ’s eyes and ears within the Boston PD .
The elevator scene in which Leonardo DiCaprio has Matt ’s corupt cop cuffed is my favorite movie moment of the year – particularly when Matt swings from defiant to broken , begging to be shot .
If you have n’t seen this flick yet , what is your problem ?
The One That Would ’ve Won Best Picture If Harvey Weinstein Had Released It Four Years Ago , Circa Miramax
LITTLE CHILDREN
Todd Field ’s study in upper - middle - class suburban unrest and desire is a clinic in subtle performance , largely thanks to the ever - brilliant Kate Winslet .
The omniscient narrator , however , owns this flick and elevated it for me : it ’s one of the few times omniscient narration was ever used so effectively ( and at all : normally , a story narrator in film is a character in the flick ) .
The film felt like a novel splayed across the screen , and I do n’t mean it was simply a strong adaptation ; it felt like someone was reading you a novel .
And I mean that in the best possible way .
The One That Made Me Ashamed I Was Ever Identified as an Independent Filmmaker , Because This is Real Independent Film
HALF NELSON
The crime of Matt Damon not getting an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in “ The Departed ” is almost made up for by Ryan Gosling being recognized for his career - defining turn in this small , powerful Sundance graduate .
Gosling proves he ’s easily the best actor of his generation with his work here , as a laid - back , engaging inner-city teacher / girls basketball coach who ’s nursing a serious drug addiction .
Newcomer Shakeera Epps as the student who “ gets ” him and Anthony Mackie as the neighborhood dealer also shine in this flick that reaffirmed my faith in ( and love for ) Indie Cinema .
The One I ’ll Take Shit For , Pt. 1
CLERKS II
Yeah , gauche to include your own flick on your own top ten list , but fuck you : I loved this film .
How could I not ?
It came from me , for Christ ’s sake .
The fucking thing was tailor - made for my tastes .
It ’s just fucking sad that , considering how customized this flick came for me as a film - lover , I still enjoyed three other films more than my own .
“ Clerks II ” is my favorite flick I ever made .
Hence , it makes the list .
If that bugs you , then you ’re retarded and need to get out more .
The One Nobody Else Seems to Remember
INSIDE MAN
I ’m a Spike Lee fan .
I ’m a Denzel Washington fan .
I ’m a Spike / Denzel team - up fan ( “ Malcolm X ” , “ Mo’ Better Blues ” , “ He Got Game ” ) .
So this flick was right up my alley .
An entertaining and energetic heist movie , “ Inside Man ” represented a new chapter in Spike ’s career : Spike as the director of commercial fare he did n’t write .
And if anyone was uncertain before ( and after “ Do the Right Thing ” , how could they be ? ) , it ’s abundantly clear with “ Inside Man ” that Mr. Lee is one of the ten best American directors working today .
The One I ’ll Take Shit For , Pt. 2
V FOR VENDETTA
Despite the presence of the Wachowski Brothers as producers , comparisons to “ The Matrix ” were unfair , I felt : this political action thriller based on the graphic novel stands on its own .
Even though it took liberties with its classic source material , “ V ” still held up as cinema – in much the same way that Kubrick ’s “ The Shining ” is equally ( but differently ) as strong a piece as the book it was based on .
Kudos for casting the always interesting Hugo Weaving in the lead , instead of an overpaid A - lister who we ’d eventually see remove the mask .
The One That Made Me Never Want to Travel Abroad
THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND
Yes , Forest Whitaker is as good as the awards groups are saying in this historical drama that examines the brutal rise to power of Ugandan dictator Idi Amin , as seen through the eyes of his personal physician .
A relevant but unfortunate title seems to be keeping the mainstream from boosting the box office take of a film that should be required viewing in any acting class , so riveting is Whitaker ’s passive / bloodily aggressive performance as the paranoid despot .
The One That Made Me Never Want to Fly Again
UNITED 93
Shot as though Paul Greengrass were a documentarian aboard the doomed September 11th flight , “ United 93 ″ is a gut - wrenching , nearly real - time study in the horror of a hostage situation in which negotiation to a peaceful conclusion was never an option .
Wisely cast with veritable unknowns , “ United 93 ″ is n’t just a loving memorial to some of the first victims of the “ War on Terror ” , it ’s awesome filmmaking .
The One That Made Me Say “ What the fuck is going on ?! ? ”
PERFUME
I never read the best - selling book , so I had no idea where this picture was going .
And Lord , did it go to weird , imaginative places .
Grubby , puzzling and surprisingly touching , this look into the life of a man with an extraordinary sense of smell ( and the crimson lengths he ’ll go to for it ) plays as a sad valentine to first love and the frustrating inability to recreate it .
The One That Actually Lived Up to Its Hype
BORAT
We ’ve seen actors starve themselves and put on massive amounts of weight to play roles , but Sacha Baron Cohen ’s ability to stay in character not just throughout the shoot , but also throughout the months - long promotion and release of this extremely funny film version of his “ Da Ali G Show ” character deserved at least an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor .
What easily could ’ve grown tired and dismissed as merely an overly - extended sketch was kept fresh and funny , thanks wholly to Cohen ’s Sellers - like commitment to inhabiting his creation .
Yes , the wrestling scene is hysterical , but for me , the funniest moment in a film crammed wall to wall with funny moments was when Borat is looking down at a large turtle ( tortoise ? ) and asks “ What kind of dog is this ? ”
Honorable Mentions go to …
Children of Men
Mission Impossible 3
The Break - Up
Thank You For Smoking
Little Miss Sunshine
Talladega Nights
Marie Antoinette
The Prestige
Alright , have at it : what were your faves of last year ?
The URI to TrackBack this entry is : http://silentbobspeaks.com/wp-trackback.php?p=305
No comments yet .
RSS feed for comments on this post .
It is not widely known that the Apollo 11 television broadcast from the moon was a high - quality transmission , far sharper than the blurry version relayed instantly to the world on that July day in 1969 .
Among those battling to unscramble the mystery is John Sarkissian , a CSIRO scientist stationed at Parkes for a decade .
" We are working on the assumption they still exist , " Mr Sarkissian told the Herald .
" Your guess is a good as mine as to where they are . "
Mr Sarkissian began researching the role of Parkes in Apollo 11's mission in 1997 , before the movie The Dish was made .
However , when he later contacted NASA colleagues to ask about the tapes , they could not be found .
" People may have thought ' we have tapes of the moon walk , we do n't need these ' , " said the scientist who hopes a new , intensive hunt will locate them .
If they can be found , he proposes making digitalised copies to treat the world to a very different view of history .
But the searchers may be running out of time .
The only known equipment on which the original analogue tapes can be decoded is at a Goddard centre set to close in October , raising fears that even if they are found before they deteriorate , copying them may be impossible .
" We want the public to see it the way the moon walk was meant to be seen , " Mr Sarkissian said .
" There will only ever be one first moon walk . "
Originally stored at Goddard , the tapes were moved in 1970 to the US National Archives .
No one knows why , but in 1984 about 700 boxes of space flight tapes there were returned to Goddard .
" We have the documents to say they were withdrawn , but no one knows exactly where they went , " Mr Sarkissian said .
Many people involved had retired or died .
Also among tapes feared missing are the original recordings of the other five Apollo moon landings .
The format used by the original pictures beamed from the moon was not compatible with commercial technology used by television networks .
So the images received at Parkes , and at tracking stations near Canberra and in California , were played on screens mounted in front of conventional television cameras .
" The quality of what you saw on TV at home was substantially degraded " in the process , Mr Sarkissian said , creating the ghostly images of Armstrong and Aldrin that strained the eyes of hundreds of millions of people watching around the world .
Even Polaroid photographs of the screen that showed the original images received by Parkes are significantly sharper than what the public saw .
While the technique looks primitive today , Mr Sarkissian said it was the best solution that 1969 technology offered .
Among the few who saw the original high - quality broadcast was David Cooke , a Parkes control room engineer in 1969 .
" I can still see the screen , " Mr Cook , 74 , said .
" I was amazed , the quality was fairly good . "
