THE BIOTECH GAME OF LIFE
In “ The Biotech Game of Life , ” which is similar to the Game of Life , each player is a scientist attempting to successfully bring his or her biotechnology product to the market .
During the game , players will face many obstacles before obtaining a successful product and the first one to accomplish this wins .
Below are the instructions , which provides more details on the game , and links to the game board and play money ( pdf files ) .
Note , that like the real thing , it is quite challenging to finish the game .
– – –
INSTRUCTIONS
Background and Purpose
You ’re a successful scientist and you have an idea for a potential biotechnology product that you want to bring to market .
In playing this game you will experience the trials and tribulations associated with developing your biotechnology related idea into a successful commercial product .
You will do this by generating and patenting an idea .
Your job will be to create a biotechnology company then finance clinical trials in order to ensure the safety and efficacy of your product .
After undergoing rigorous clinical testing , you ’ll be able to bring your product to market and hopefully make a profit .
In reality , developing an idea into a product that a biotechnology company can sell usually takes at least 10 years , if not longer .
Only a fraction of companies are able to survive long enough to see their product come to market and this is a money - losing venture .
Several hundred million dollars can be spent during this time .
– – –
Key Concepts
Patent : a document made by a government to protect and gives the creator of an invention the sole rights to make , use and sell that invention for a set period of time .
Grant : funding from a nonprofit organization , usually for a specific project .
Clinical trials : planned , controlled experiments that generally involve the participation of patients , staff , healthy volunteers or students .
These trials require an Ethics Committee approval before the trial can commence .
Phase 1 - Safety : the first time an experimental drug will be used in humans .
The purpose is to assess the initial safety of the drug , as well as the metabolism , absorption , elimination and other drug activities , the mode of drug administration ( topical , IV , oral , etc. ) and safe drug range .
Usually trials are conducted on healthy volunteers .
Phase 2 - Dosage :
The purpose is to explore the effectiveness of different dosage schedules for a research treatment following safety evaluation in a Phase I trial .
Trials are usually conducted on patients .
Phase 3 - Efficacy :
The purpose of a Phase III trial is to assess a drug ’s effectiveness ( efficacy ) and safety compared against a suitable placebo or best current treatment or to determine the optimum dosage level for the treatment of a specific condition in a specific group of patients .
These studies are randomized , intervention allocation and measurement is usually masked fromm study participants and investigators .
These trials often involve many centres and may require approval from a Multi- centre Research Ethics Committee ( MREC ) , before the trial can commence .
FDA : The Food and Drug Administration is one of the United States ’ oldest and most respected consumer protection agencies .
Some of the responsibilities of the FDA include : reviewing new medical treatments for patients , forming initiatives to promote safe food -
handling practices and forming initiatives aimed at improving the safety practices in blood banking
Venture Capital : a fund raising technique for companies who are willing to exchange equity in the company in return for money to grow or expand the business .
Equity refers to ownership interest in a corporation in the form of common or preferred stocks .
Venture
capital firms often want a high rate of return ( 20 % + ) and will finance the business with $ 500,000 to millions .
IND : – Acronym for Investigational New Drug Application .
This is the typical mechanism for access to investigational drugs and involves subjects who meet entry criteria as defined in the protocol submitted to the FDA .
Fast tracking : the shortening of the review period of a new and promising drug .
The drug must show particular promise in treating serious or life - threatening conditions that demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs .
– – –
Objective of the Game
To reach the finish line first and successfully bring your biotechnology product to market .
To Start the Game
1. For 2 - 4 players .
2. Equipment needed : 1 six - sided die , 4 playing pieces .
3 . Print out the board game , preferably using a color printer , and enlarge 129 % ( letter to 11 x 17 ) .
4. Print , cut , and sort out the money into their separate denominations .
You will need 10 sheets of each the $ 10,000 , $ 100,000 , and $ 1,000,000 .
5 . Choose a banker .
( If you like roll the die and the person who has the lowest number becomes the banker ) .
6 . Place all the player pieces on the start square .
– – –
Playing the Game
STEP 1
Each player must be assigned one idea each , from the list provided below .
This is done by rolling the die and the corresponding number refers to the idea that they will develop into a product that their biotechnology company will attempt to bring to market .
The potential idea choices are :
( i) You might be able to cure baldness by using viral gene therapy .
Your idea will use genetically engineered viruses to infect hair follicle cells to induce them to grow .
Starting cash = $ 50,000
( ii ) After watching a Discovery Channel documentary , you learn that dust mites eat dead human skin .
Your idea will use genetically engineered dust mites that could be used as an alternative to bathing with soap and water .
The dust mites would clean a person by eating the dirt and grim found on human skin .
Starting cash = $ 20,000
( iii ) A new species of ants , Antus canerus , recently discovered in the Amazon , produces a novel chemical that seems to prevent cancers in the indigenous peoples of the Amazon .
Your idea is to develop the chemical into drug to treat cancer .
Starting cash = $ 30,000
( iv ) While in your garden , a weed that you ’ve been having trouble removing produces a very fragrant scent .
After accidentally getting the scent on you , you notice people think that you are more attractive then you really are .
Your idea is to develop the weed derived scent into a perfume that can attract the opposite sex .
Starting cash = $ 60,000
( v) While walking in the park near your house , you become hungry and began to snack on purple berries found in the park .
After returning home you notice you lost 2 kg .
Your idea is to develop the purple berries into an effective weight loss drug .
Starting cash = $ 40,000
( vi ) While snorkeling in Australia you are stung by the jellyfish , Jellus hurtus , on your foot .
You notice almost immediately after being stung your athletes foot fungal infection has mysteriously disappeared .
Your idea is to develop an anti-fungal treatment based on the venom of the jellyfish , Jellus hurtus .
Starting cash = $ 10,000
STEP 2
Roll the die .
The lowest roll goes first , others take turns going clockwise .
The banker gives each player the appropriate amount of starting cash corresponding to the player idea .
A player ’s roll determines the number of spaces that you move .
Notice there are 4 kinds of spaces to land in .
Reward / Penalty Square : ( usually white with black writing ) .
When you LAND IN these squares , note the instructions in italics .
Red STOP !
Square : Major square .
You must STOP , regardless of your roll , and follow instructions in the square .
You must roll odds / evens to continue .
Arrow Back Square : ( usually with orange writing )
This is a penalty square – when you LAND IN an Arrow Back Square , move back to last major ( red STOP ! ) square passed .
Arrow Forward Square : ( two of these , one with green writing , the other a black square near the end )
This is a bonus square - when you LAND IN an Arrow Forward Square , advance forward to the next major ( red STOP ! ) square .
Dollar Sign Square : Reward takes place when you LAND IN OR PASS a Dollar Sign square .
These squares can be categories as Grant , Stock Market , or Venture Capital Investment squares .
– If you LAND IN OR PASS a Grant square you gain money .
The amount of money you collect , from the bank , depends upon the number rolled multiplied by $ 10,000 .
For example , if you rolled a 4 , you will collect $ 40,000 .
– If you LAND IN OR PASS a Stock Market square you must play the stock market in that turn .
To play the stock market , role the die .
If you rolled a 1 or a 2 , the market is down .
You pay the bank $ 250,000 .
If you role a 3 or a 4 , the market is stable .
No gain or loss .
If you roll a 5 or a 6 , the market is up .
You collect $ 250,000 from the bank .
– If you LAND IN or PASS a Venture Capital Investment square , you gain money .
The amount of money you collect , from the bank , depends upon the number rolled multiplied by $ 100,000 .
For example , if you rolled a 3 , you will collect $ 300,000 .
BANKRUPTCY
If you become bankrupt at anytime during the game , you will unable to continue and you must return to the last major ( red ) square and miss a turn .
During this time your friends and family feel guilty about your recent traumatic events and decide to give you $ 200,000 from the banker to continue playing the game .
GOOD LUCK !
( YOU’LL NEED IT )
Correction Appended
The toilet and the latrine , which helped revolutionize public health in New York , London and Paris more than a century ago , are among the most underused tools to combat poverty and disease in the developing world , says a United Nations report released yesterday .
“ Issues dealing with human excrement tend not to figure prominently in the programs of political parties contesting elections or the agendas of governments , ” said Kevin Watkins , the main author of the report .
“ They ’re the unwanted guests at the table . ”
The human cost of that taboo , however , is more unspeakable than the topic itself , he said .
Every year , more than two million children die of diarrhea and other sicknesses caused by dirty water and a lack of “ access to sanitation . ”
That is the common euphemism for the reality that more than a third of the world ’s people — 2.6 billion — have no decent place to go to the bathroom , while more than a billion get water for drinking , washing and cooking from sources polluted by human and animal feces .
The Bush Administration , while publicly advocating diplomacy in order to stop Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon , has increased clandestine activities inside Iran and intensified planning for a possible major air attack .
Current and former American military and intelligence officials said that Air Force planning groups are drawing up lists of targets , and teams of American combat troops have been ordered into Iran , under cover , to collect targeting data and to establish contact with anti-government ethnic - minority groups .
The officials say that President Bush is determined to deny the Iranian regime the opportunity to begin a pilot program , planned for this spring , to enrich uranium .
American and European intelligence agencies , and the International Atomic Energy Agency ( I.A.E.A. ) , agree that Iran is intent on developing the capability to produce nuclear weapons .
But there are widely differing estimates of how long that will take , and whether diplomacy , sanctions , or military action is the best way to prevent it .
Iran insists that its research is for peaceful use only , in keeping with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , and that it will not be delayed or deterred .
There is a growing conviction among members of the United States military , and in the international community , that President Bush ’s ultimate goal in the nuclear confrontation with Iran is regime change .
Iran ’s President , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , has challenged the reality of the Holocaust and said that Israel must be “ wiped off the map . ”
Bush and others in the White House view him as a potential Adolf Hitler , a former senior intelligence official said .
“ That ’s the name they ’re using .
They say , ‘ Will Iran get a strategic weapon and threaten another world war ? ’ ”
A government consultant with close ties to the civilian leadership in the Pentagon said that Bush was “ absolutely convinced that Iran is going to get the bomb ” if it is not stopped .
He said that the President believes that he must do “ what no Democrat or Republican , if elected in the future , would have the courage to do , ” and “ that saving Iran is going to be his legacy . ”
One former defense official , who still deals with sensitive issues for the Bush Administration , told me that the military planning was premised on a belief that “ a sustained bombing campaign in Iran will humiliate the religious leadership and lead the public to rise up and overthrow the government . ”
He added , “ I was shocked when I heard it , and asked myself , ‘ What are they smoking ? ’ ”
The rationale for regime change was articulated in early March by Patrick Clawson , an Iran expert who is the deputy director for research at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and who has been a supporter of President Bush .
“ So long as Iran has an Islamic republic , it will have a nuclear - weapons program , at least clandestinely , ” Clawson told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on March 2nd .
“ The key issue , therefore , is : How long will the present Iranian regime last ? ”
When I spoke to Clawson , he emphasized that “ this Administration is putting a lot of effort into diplomacy . ”
However , he added , Iran had no choice other than to accede to America ’s demands or face a military attack .
Clawson said that he fears that Ahmadinejad “ sees the West as wimps and thinks we will eventually cave in .
We have to be ready to deal with Iran if the crisis escalates . ”
Clawson said that he would prefer to rely on sabotage and other clandestine activities , such as “ industrial accidents . ”
But , he said , it would be prudent to prepare for a wider war , “ given the way the Iranians are acting .
This is not like planning to invade Quebec . ”
One military planner told me that White House criticisms of Iran and the high tempo of planning and clandestine activities amount to a campaign of “ coercion ” aimed at Iran .
“ You have to be ready to go , and we ’ll see how they respond , ” the officer said .
“ You have to really show a threat in order to get Ahmadinejad to back down . ”
He added , “ People think Bush has been focussed on Saddam Hussein since 9/11 , ” but , “ in my view , if you had to name one nation that was his focus all the way along , it was Iran . ”
( In response to detailed requests for comment , the White House said that it would not comment on military planning but added , “ As the President has indicated , we are pursuing a diplomatic solution ” ; the Defense Department also said that Iran was being dealt with through “ diplomatic channels ” but would n’t elaborate on that ; the C.I.A. said that there were “ inaccuracies ” in this account but would not specify them . )
“ This is much more than a nuclear issue , ” one high - ranking diplomat told me in Vienna .
“ That ’s just a rallying point , and there is still time to fix it .
But the Administration believes it cannot be fixed unless they control the hearts and minds of Iran .
The real issue is who is going to control the Middle East and its oil in the next ten years . ”
A senior Pentagon adviser on the war on terror expressed a similar view .
“ This White House believes that the only way to solve the problem is to change the power structure in Iran , and that means war , ” he said .
The danger , he said , was that “ it also reinforces the belief inside Iran that the only way to defend the country is to have a nuclear capability . ”
A military conflict that destabilized the region could also increase the risk of terror : “ Hezbollah comes into play , ” the adviser said , referring to the terror group that is considered one of the world ’s most successful , and which is now a Lebanese political party with strong ties to Iran .
“ And here comes Al Qaeda . ”
In recent weeks , the President has quietly initiated a series of talks on plans for Iran with a few key senators and members of Congress , including at least one Democrat .
A senior member of the House Appropriations Committee , who did not take part in the meetings but has discussed their content with his colleagues , told me that there had been “ no formal briefings , ” because “ they ’re reluctant to brief the minority .
They ’re doing the Senate , somewhat selectively . ”
The House member said that no one in the meetings “ is really objecting ” to the talk of war .
“ The people they ’re briefing are the same ones who led the charge on Iraq .
At most , questions are raised :
How are you going to hit all the sites at once ?
How are you going to get deep enough ? ”
( Iran is building facilities underground . )
“ There ’s no pressure from Congress ” not to take military action , the House member added .
“ The only political pressure is from the guys who want to do it . ”
Speaking of President Bush , the House member said , “ The most worrisome thing is that this guy has a messianic vision . ”
“ The planning is enormous , ” the former senior intelligence official said , referring to the activity at the U.S. Central Command headquarters , in Florida ; the Joint Warfare Analysis Center , in Virginia ; and the U.S. Strategic Command , in Nebraska .
“ Space assets , SLBMs ” — submarine - launched ballistic missiles — “ tactical air , and sabotage , coöperation from the Turks and the Russians . ”
He added that the plans include “ significant air attacks on their countermeasures and anti-aircraft missiles — a huge takedown . ”
He depicted the planning as hectic , and far beyond the contingency work that is routinely done .
“ These are operational plans , ” the former official said .
Many years ago an old friend and I were discussing the meaning of life .
He said , “ I do n’t think the point of life is to accomplish a certain level of external success .
I believe we ’re actually here to acquire and enjoy experiences . ”
That conversation took place about 15 years ago , and this idea has remained with me ever since .
It ’s a Zen - like philosophy because experiences imply living in the present while accomplishments dwell in the past or future .
Reading this particular article is an experience , but you probably would n’t consider it an accomplishment … although reading some of my longer articles might qualify . 😉
We ’ve been socially conditioned to value accomplishments and events more than everyday experiences .
Graduation day is more important than some random Tuesday in the middle of the semester .
The day you get hired or promoted is more important than an uneventful work day .
Your wedding day is more important than the day you saw a forgettable movie .
Accomplishments and events are certainly experiences too , but most experiences do n’t qualify as either .
You ’ll likely spend most of your life experiencing non-events .
It would be amazing if your accomplishments amounted to even 1 % of your experiences .
Saturation tends to reduce the occurrence of salient events .
The time you spoke your first intelligible word was a major accomplishment , but speaking that same word is n’t such a grand achievement today .
Regardless of how much you accomplish in your lifetime , you ’ll probably still perceive most of your days as typical , normal , or routine .
If you ’re going to spend most of your time experiencing rather than accomplishing , then perhaps it makes sense to focus on the quality of your daily experiences and not merely on the heights of your accomplishments .
It ’s nice to have a truly fantastic day where you accomplish something wonderful , but what about your normal days ?
When you realize most of your life will be consumed by normal days rather than extraordinary ones , you may feel motivated to raise the overall quality of these normal days .
In the pursuit of a better normal day , here are ten changes I made that yielded strong positive results .
Hopefully this list will trigger some ideas you ’ll be able to apply as well .
The overall concept is far more important than my particular menu of habits .
1. Getting an early start .
Last year I successfully conditioned the habit of getting up at 5:00 am every morning .
Later I experimented with polyphasic sleep but stopped after 5.5 months when I felt it was n’t serving me well enough .
Today I get up at 4:15 am every morning , including weekends .
I used to be a night owl , but I love the positive effect that rising early has had on my life .
As you can imagine , the initial adaptation was very challenging , but like most ingrained habits , it ’s trivially easy to maintain .
Getting an early start to every day makes me feel energetic , alert , and productive .
I have the time and energy to do things I could n’t previously do .
This has been one of the most empowering changes I ’ve ever made because it yields tangible rewards every single day .
If I could go back in time and install a new habit in my early 20s , this would be it .
If this habit interests you , be sure to read How to Become an Early Riser and How to Get Up Right Away When Your Alarm Goes Off .
2. Physical exercise .
I ’ve gone through a variety of different workout patterns over the years .
My current pattern is to hit the gym for 60 - 90 minutes first thing in the morning .
I do three days of cardio workouts and four days of weight - training each week .
If I feel burnt out or if my progress slows to a crawl ( symptoms of overtraining ) , I might take a day or two off or substitute a long walk instead .
This habit yields massive benefits .
Perhaps the most noticeable is that my mental clarity is much greater , and I can concentrate deeply for hours at a time .
I think the minimum recommendation of exercising 20 minutes 3 x per week is way too little .
For me the major benefits do n’t really kick in until I do at least 150 minutes of aerobic / cardio exercise per week — below that level I tend to stagnate instead of seeing my fitness level improve .
This habit combines nicely with being an early riser , since I return home from my workouts before most people are awake .
3. Audio learning .
While exercising I normally listen to personal development audio programs and podcasts .
Sometimes I also listen while doing routine physical tasks like cooking or driving .
I started this habit during college , and it has served me well for the past decade and a half .
It does n’t consume any extra time to do this , and it makes physical tasks more enjoyable .
I use an iPod Nano , a major improvement over the Walkman cassette player I used in college .
I also bought a $ 30 FM transmitter last year , so I can play my iPod on my car radio too .
By listening to inspirational and educational material every day , especially during my morning workout , I not only learn new ideas I can apply , but I also feel more positive throughout the day .
4. Meditation .
After my morning workout and shower , I usually meditate for about 30 minutes .
I prefer active visualization as opposed to trying to turn off all thought , although I sometimes enjoy the latter too .
If the kids are already waking up when I get home , I delay the meditation until later in the morning , but I almost always do it before starting my workday .
I get some of my best ideas while meditating , and I also use this time to visualize my goals and intentions .
Plus I enjoy it .
I do n’t recall having any illnesses in the past year , so perhaps the combo of daily exercise and meditation keeps my immune system strong ( both are known to be significant immune boosters ) .
The rest of my family has gone through a few illnesses that have n’t touched me .
5. Relaxing workspace .
Since I spend the bulk of each workday in my home office , I ’ve fashioned it into a peaceful and enjoyable place to work .
With its trickling fountain , bamboo plants , scented candles , and new age music , it serves as my private sanctuary .
When I start work each day , I go through a 60 - second ritual of turning on the fountain , lighting a few candles , and playing some music .
I typically feel very relaxed and peaceful throughout the day , regardless of the type of work I ’m doing .
Transform your workspace into your favorite place to be , and watch the positive effect it has on your productivity .
I ’ve designed mine primarily for relaxation and focus , but you can design it around any state you wish .
Use trial and error to see how various changes make you feel , and keep the ones that produce positive results .
The basic idea is that when you feel good , you ’ll be more productive .
For details on how to improve your workspace , read Creating a Productive Workspace .
6. Self - employment .
I have to credit self - employment as a major factor in the quality of my normal days .
Being in control of my time is wonderful , and I can’t imagine ever wanting a regular job .
If you think about it logically , is n’t it a bit silly that people think having a job is more secure than owning your own business ?
Maybe that ’s true when you ’re just launching the business , but once the business is stable and profitable , there ’s no comparison .
I ca n’t be fired or laid off , and I start out at the top , so there ’s no need to worry about promotions .
If I ever need money fast , there are plenty of short - term value - producing ideas I can implement in a weekend to generate extra cash .
I can work on whatever interests me without having to request permission from some authority figure .
Earning money based on your results is much more flexible and less risky than earning money based on your time .
The biggest risk is n’t going broke ; if you go broke , you ’ll recover soon enough — that ’s really no big deal .
The far greater risk is that you ’ll miss opportunities , and that ’s what most employees do every single day ; their ripest value - generating ideas die on the vine .
No one benefits when that happens .
Even if you ’re an employee , I highly recommend starting your own small business .
It ’s important to have an outlet where you can fully express your greatest value and get paid fairly for it too .
For specific advice on how to do that , listen to Podcast # 006 – How to Make Money Without a Job and Podcast # 009 – Kick - start Your Own Business .
If you visit the audio section of the site , you can play them directly through your browser .
7. Effective communication management .
Due to the popularity of this web site and the personal nature of its topic , the sheer volume of feedback I receive can be overwhelming at times .
At first I diligently kept on top of it , believing that every query deserved a response , but soon I questioned the wisdom of that approach .
My long - term goals started to fall by the wayside as the influx of communication became dominant .
I had to decide where my primary loyalty should be : with the individual readers who request help or with my ultimate vision .
It became clear that I could n’t justify spending hours every day processing email .
I know some people run their lives through their email inbox , but through trial and error I ’ve learned that approach does n’t work for me because excessive communication inhibits my ability to concentrate and knocks me off course too easily .
Consequently , I severely limit the amount of time I spend on email .
Helping someone via email is a good use of my time , but it ’s definitely not the best .
In order to write this article you ’re reading now , dozens of emails I ’ve received will go unanswered , but this article will be seen by thousands .
But more importantly I ’ve noticed that when I limit the influx of external communication , I ’m better able to hear the subtle guidance of my inner voice .
If you have a problem with focus and clarity in your life , could it be that you ’re getting bounced around by an overload of communication ?
8. Reading .
The simple habit of reading every day keeps my self - education moving forward .
It ’s one of the reasons I ’m able to churn out article after article without experiencing writer ’s block .
I favor books because the quality and organization is usually superior to what ’s found online .
9 out of 10 books I read are non-fiction , but occasionally I enjoy a good fiction book too .
I quite enjoyed Piers Anthony ’s Incarnations of Immortality series .
9 . Deep conversation .
My wife and I have daily conversations about topics such as spirituality , the meaning of life , and the best ways for us to serve the greater good .
Since we work from home on weekdays and often go out on weekends , we have no shortage of time together .
I enjoy talking to my wife more than anyone else , and I feel fortunate to have found a woman who shares my passion for learning and exploration .
While many people are n’t into questioning what lies beyond the physical world on a daily basis , I find this practice extremely worthwhile .
It keeps me from getting sucked back into the socially conditioned patterns of fear and worry .
It does n’t have to be your spouse , but I highly recommend finding a partner with whom you can discuss your most important life issues in an intelligent and supportive manner .
Many people crave this deep connection , but they allow fear to hold them back .
10 . Journaling .
I ’ve written about this previously in Journaling as a Problem - Solving Tool .
I keep two kinds of journals .
First , I use a computer journal to do long - term planning , problem - solving , and asking and answering personal development questions .
Sometimes my personal journal entries become seeds for future articles .
Thanks to its search capabilities , I can quickly look up solutions to previous problems I ’ve encountered .
Secondly , I use a spiral notebook as my daily work journal .
I write my daily to - do lists in that journal , and I make notes throughout the day as I work .
About once a week , I process the paper journal items back into my master to - do list .
This ensures that ideas I get throughout the day are considered in light of my long - term goals , so I do n’t let great ideas fall through the cracks , but nor do I get knocked off course by random thoughts throughout the day .
Both forms of journaling allow me to see what real progress I ’m making in my personal and business growth .
The pattern to these habits is that they serve to keep me conscious .
They empower me with the energy , resources , and awareness to pursue my greatest aspirations without slipping into low - awareness living .
This framework enables me to choose how I spend each day instead of having those decisions made by forces outside my control .
None of these practices are particularly complicated , but most of them took a serious effort to install .
However , once they ’ve been conditioned , they run on autopilot .
Now I just take them for granted as my current baseline .
Decide now to install just one new habit that will change your life for the better .
Then immediately begin a 30 - day trial to condition it , and do whatever it takes to make it to day 30 .
If your past efforts have fizzled , then use the strategy of Overwhelming Force to ensure that you succeed this time .
The ultimate payoff for this temporary effort is enormous .
Once you install several new habits , your normal days will become far more extraordinary .
Transcript :
Tom the Dancing Bug by Ruben Bolling Dick Cheney : OUTLAW TORTURE ?!
What if we capture a terrorist who knows where a TICKING NUCLEAR TIME BOMB is !
Should n't we be allowed to TORTURE him to get him to talk ?
Dick Cheney's Philosophical THOUGHT-EXPERIMENTATION
LEGISLATION
Man # 1 : There 's a bomb hidden in Times Square , and this baby SWALLOWED instructions on how to defuse it !
Man # 2 : Damn those legislators who shortsightedly outlawed ripping open live babies !
Man # 1 : A terrorist cut the brakes on this trolley !
Man # 2 : Do we switch the tracks to avoid hitting FIVE people , but thereby hitting ONE ?!
Man # 1 : This monkey has been randomly hitting keys for an infinite number of years !
Now it 's blogging the current U.S. nuclear launch codes !
We must stop it !
Man # 2 : No !
Animal rights nuts have made shooting monkeys illegal !
Email is addictive
Like lots of people who sit in front of a computer all day , I am addicted to email .
This worries me for two reasons .
The first is the sheer strength of my compulsion .
I must hit the ‘ get mail ’ button at least a hundred times a day .
Sometimes , if I do n’t have any new mail , I hit it again immediately , just to check .
I interrupt my work to check my mail even when I know that I ’m not going to find anything interesting and that I should just concentrate on what I am suppossed to be doing .
When I come back to my office it ’s the first thing I do .
If I ’m prevented from checking my mail for more than a few hours I get a little jumpy and remain that way until I have .
This is all rather sad , but the second reason I am worried by my email addiction is that I work in a psychology department and we ’re supposed to understand how these things work .
Now email is n’t a drug – it does n’t deliver a chemical into your bloodstream .
Yet it is clearly addictive .
I ’m a normal rational person ( which is to say I ’m just normally maladjusted ) and I know that I do n’t need to check my email as often as it do – certainly not immediately after checking it the first time for Goodness ’ sake !
– but still I am compelled .
What ’s going on , and can psychological science help me out ?
Read more below the fold
Why is email addictive ?
So , I think I ’ve got an idea of what ’s going on with email , and if I ’m right it should provide some clues as to how I can stop myself being so addicted .
The key is what psychologists call ‘ operant conditioning ’ .
This means the mechanisms by which behaviour is shaped by its consequences ; how what we do depends on the rewards and punishments of what we did last time .
This topic is the heart of behaviourism , that school of thought which dominated psychology for most of the last century .
Many lab animals , and many person - hours , were recruited to help understand exactly how rewards and punishments could be arranged to influence behaviour .
One suprising finding is that if you want to train an animal to do something , consistently rewarding that behaviour is n’t the best way .
The most effective training regime is one where you give the animal a reward only sometimes , and then only at random intervals .
Animals trained like this , with what ’s called a ‘ variable interval reinforcement schedule ’ , work harder for their rewards , and take longer to give up once all rewards for the behaviour is removed .
There ’s a logic to this .
Although we might know that we ’ve stopped rewarding the animal , it has got used to performing the behaviour and not getting the reward .
Because ‘ next time ’ might always be the occasion that produces the reward , there ’s never definite evidence that rewards have stopped altogether .
Email is addictive because it is a variable - interval reinforcement schedule
We ’re animals – we have animal brains .
All animal brains have the circuitry in place for producing operant conditioning .
It ’s a fundamental psychological process , and just the sort that can create behaviours what operate automatically , or in spite of our consciously telling ourselves we should do otherwise .
Like me checking my checking my email .
Checking email is a behaviour that has variable interval reinforcement .
Sometimes , but not everytime , the behaviour produces a reward .
Everyone loves to get an email from a friend , or some good news , or even an amusing web link .
Sometimes checking your email will get you one of these rewards .
And because you can never tell which time you check will produce the reward , checking all the time is reinforced , even if most of the time checking your email turns out to have been pointless .
You still check because you never know when the reward will come .
I have just proved to myself how automatic my email checking behaviour has become .
I am writing this in a hotel room which does n’t have internet access .
When sorting through my email ( you do n’t need a connection to delete email you ’ve replied to , or are never going to reply to ) I still hit the ‘ check mail ’ button at the rest points of the read - consider - delete cycle I am performing .
My reflective self knows that there is no internet connection , so there is no way in hell I ’m going to have new email – but that knowledge does n’t filter down to the part of me hitting the ‘ check email ’ button .
The habit , engrained in my mind by operant conditioning , is isolated from conscious knowledge , and in part from deliberate control ; it can start without me thinking about it or even me wanting it to .
How can we design in solutions ?
If operant condition is at the root of the problem , what ’s the solution ?
Over a hundred years of experimental psychology has provided a rigorous characterisation of behavioural conditioning , and of the process by which reinforced behaviours disappear – known as extinction .
By looking at each stage of the process by which a behaviour becomes conditioned , we can throw up ideas for addressing the problem of ‘ unconditioning ’ them .
Weakening the action - reward link
If a behaviour is n’t rewarded then it will gradually disappear .
The problem is that we do n’t want to remove the reward ( email ) , so we need , instead , to weaken the strength of the link between the action and the reward .
A simple delay would do this – imagine a five minute delay between hitting the check email button and getting new email .
A delay is doubly - effective because the longer the delay the more likely you are to have email and so the more consistent the reward will be – and hence the less strong its reinforcing effect ( I can see this is action when I go away for a week and check my email when I come back .
I might have hundreds of emails , but there ’s often nothing that seems very interesting .
The combined effect just is n’t as rewarding as the anticipation of getting one hundred single emails ) .
In theory , the opposite end of this ‘ consistency strategy ’ would be to check email constantly .
If you check your email every second then the consistency of the reward increases – you consistently get nothing !
The action - habit might extinguish because the action is now rewarded so infrequently relative to the number of times it is performed .
How to do this practically ?
Have your inbox constantly visable , so that there is no jump from wondering if you have new mail / seeing a ‘ new mail ’ alert and knowing that it is n’t that important ( although a down side is that if the new email is intrinsically distracting – such as a good joke , hot piece of gossip or invite out – it will now definitely interrupt when it arrives ) .
Removing the action all together , so that you cannot demand an email check , does n’t solve the problem – we just move the association from the action of hitting ‘ check mail ’ to the action of opening your email client to see if there is any mail there .
One strategy is to wait 30 seconds from the appearance of the alert before checking to see what kind of mail has arrived – if you can internalise the delay .
Weaking the stimulus - action association
Automatic behaviours such as email are contingent on environmental triggers – they need the right circumstance to become active , since they are n’t invoked by a smart , deliberate consicous process .
So one way to decrease email checking behaviour might be to decrease the association between stimuli and the action .
Moving or removing the ‘ check mail ’ button will stop it hijacking your action - stream when it is in your field of view .
Similarly , so will stopping email alerts all together , but it leaves you with the problem of wondering what is going on while you ’re attention is on another app ( are you missing out on some important information ? ) .
Changing the consistency of the environmental trigger could work .
If the ‘ new mail ’ appeared slowly , so it did n’t grab your attention , was in a different place each time , or was a different shape / colour / icon then your low - level monitoring systems would n’t be able to form an association between its appearence and automatically triggering the ‘ check mail ’ interrupt habit .
When you wanted to check your email you could scan for the icon – it could still be perfectly obvious , but the lack of consistent appearence would prevent it getting wired into a direct channel in your brain .
Social solutions
I do n’t think the solution is social – getting people to never email you urgent information would n’t work .
There would always be invites for coffee that someone did n’t feel like knocking on your door or phoning you to make , but which they ’d still like you to know about ( and you ’d still like to know , so you ’ll be checking your email for them ) .
Plus there ’ll always be important information which is n’t urgent , but which we ’re still going to want to know as soon as it is available ( look at news – it rarely has any immediate consequence for our daily lives , but checking it is how many of us start the day ) .
Shifting the cost - benefit ratio
A classical approach to changing habits is to shift the cost - benefit pay - off .
If checking or reading email is made harder to do , mayhbe we can increase the cost of the action and hence make the overall reward of getting email less .
More difficult interfaces maybe ?
Several screens to click through to get the email ?
Passwords and ‘ are you sure ’ dialogue boxes ?
Punishment is the ultimate ingredient that you can add to alter the pay - off matrix .
Except for those of us with immense self - disicipline ( “ if i check email in the next hour , no coffee at lunchtime ” ) self - imposed punishment is n’t an obvious strategy ( and are those with self - discipline likely to have a problem with getting distracted anyway ? ) .
[ Although , on reflection , I do n’t think this question is as rhetorical as it sounds here .
The problem is not with your ability to deliberately schedule and implement actions ( including actions such as self - punishments ) , the problem is with automatically evoked actions ( i.e. checking email ) and then getting distracted by the consequences .
These are two types of actions and it is entirely conceivable that they might be differently ammeanable to the deliberate control of our reflective selves ]
Rewarding an alternative , incompatible behaviour
A final strategy , and one that is used in animal training to remove problem behaviours , is to reinforce an alternative , incompatible action .
If you have a problem with your pet eagle landing on your head the most efficient way to stop it is to reward landing on a mat at your feet , rather than struggle with extinguishing head - landing .
What this would mean in the context of email checking I will leave as an exercise to the reader .
Over to you
So , what I ’m really interested in is in seeing what people think .
If some of what I ’ve said makes sense , what other ways are there to use it to make email less addictive ?
Or maybe I ’ve got the solution completely wrong .
Or the problem ?
I ’d like to hear either way
Some things I read while writing this follow ( thanks to Marc Baizman for the Katie Hafner article in the NYT )
Links :
Andrew Brown on why the internet - addiction will be like alcoholism for this generation of writers
‘ Husband training ’ , New York Times article about using behaviourist principles in your marriage
February 10 , 2005 New York Times , You There , at the Computer : Pay Attention by Katie Hafner ( designing interfaces that work with our attention , rather than distract )
‘ Throw the Rascals Out ’
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis
DIGG THIS
US mid-term congressional elections are often humdrum affairs that usually produce low voter turnouts .
But this November 7th ’s vote is shaping up as the most exciting and important mid-term election in modern American history .
The upcoming vote has generated extraordinary interest around the globe .
Polls in Asia , Europe , and Latin America show the widely - expressed hope American voters will deliver a stinging rebuke to the Bush Administration and end its war in Iraq .
Last week , a senior State Department official finally spoke the truth about administration policies in Iraq , calling them u201 Carrogant and stupid.u201D
He later retracted his statement , but the damage was done .
Illustrating this point , the increasingly out of touch Vice President Dick Cheney just assured Americans the catastrophic war he and the neoconservatives engineered in Iraq was going u201 Cremarkably well .
u201D President Bush ordered the powerless US - installed government in Baghdad to u201Cget toughu201D with powerful Shia militias .
Panicked by the looming specter of defeat in Iraq , George Bush suddenly declared his cherished mantras — u201 Cwe wo n’t cut and runu201D and u201Cstay the courseu201D — inoperative .
The new party line : u201 Cflexible response.u201D
Meanwhile , John McCain , the current Republican frontrunner for the 2008 presidential election , is daftly calling for doubling of US troops in Iraq , which would mean reinstating national conscription .
But Bush ’s new motto looks more likely to be u201Cfudge and fleeu201D as he scrambles for a face - saving way out of the disaster in Iraq .
Things are so bad , the Bush Administration is actually pleading with u201 Caxis of evilu201D members Syria and Iran to help it out of the Iraq mess .
Yet many Republicans still keep hoping their politics of stupidity will continue to fool American voters .
Wiser Republicans are swiftly backing away from the increasingly unpopular president .
Republicans and demagogues of the Christian far right have joined to promote fear , religious and racial hatred , and the crassest jingoism to America ’s most gullible , poorly educated voters .
Staggering subsidies for farmers , tax breaks for big business , doubling military spending , and unlimited support for Israel , won Republicans more support from key voter groups .
Today , however , Republicans have sunk to their lowest point in memory .
Only 16 % of Americans approve of the job the Republican - run Congress is doing .
The US Constitution established Congress as America ’s premier arm of government .
George Bush , Dick Cheney , and their neoconservative allies used 9/11 to turn Congress into a rubber stamp like the old Supreme Soviet .
Look at the embarrassing Republican leaders in Congress , the world ’s greatest legislature , the heir to the great Roman Senate :
The shambling Speaker of the House , Dennis Hastert , was a high - school wrestling coach .
The once feared House leader , Tom Delay , was a cockroach exterminator before going to Congress .
They were barely worthy of political office in Dogpatch , never mind Washington .
Both Republicans and Democrats are steeped in Washington ’s endemic corruption and influence peddling due to the constant need to raise campaign funds by kow - towing to special interests .
Members of both parties voted like clapping seals for the Iraq War .
But Republicans took the lead in promoting and sustaining that totally unnecessary conflict , now estimated to likely cost upwards of $ 1 trillion before it is lost .
Senior Bush administration officials responsible for the Iraq disaster — Dick Cheney , George Tenet , Condoleezza Rice , Paul Wolfowitz , and Colin Powell — made astounding fools of themselves before the world by chorusing a litany of grotesque lies .
It ’s hard to think of another administration in modern history that has done more grave damage to US interests and reputation abroad , or so grievously undermined the system of Constitutional government at home .
None of America ’s foreign enemies have ever inflicted so much damage .
Politicians are all too rarely punished for their egregious misdeeds and dishonesty .
But this November 7 , Americans will have a golden opportunity to deliver judgment on the politicians and officials who misled them and the nation .
Voters will be able to punish many of the Republicans and spineless Democrats who voted for the illegitimate war in Iraq , and supported President Bush ’s violations of the Constitution by spying on citizens , illegal wiretapping , and overriding laws made by Congress .
All American legislators who voted this month to ignore or violate the sacrosanct laws of the Geneva Convention and the basic right of habeas corpus , and who disgracefully voted to legalize torture , should be ousted .
American voters will hopefully ignore all the fear - mongering they have been subjected to and remember the basic and most important tenet of democratic politics : u201 Cthrow the rascals out !
u201D
( Eric Margolis is a life - long Republican , who feels that his party has left him . )
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
QR Code Link to This Post
They 're loaded with married people , bitching about their spouses , and looking for something " better " .
I 've got a few things to tell you : 1 . " She " is not the reason your marriage sucks .
YOU are .
If you spent half as much time paying attention to her as you do trolling CL for sluts , your marriage would be a whole hell of a lot better .
2 . Yeah , yeah , we 've all heard it a thousand times .
You 're in a sexless marriage .
First of all , that 's probably a lie , because most cheaters are liars too .
I 'm gonna let you in on a little secret , pal - if your wife is n't interested in sex , it 's because you 're not offering sex that 's interesting .
Married guys get awfully boring after a while .
They do the same boring thing the same boring way every fucking time and they expect you to scream like a porn star .
Seriously , you come home from work , totally ignore her while she chases the kids around for 4 hours , makes dinner , does the laundry , blah blah blah , and then you expect her to roll over with her legs open for another session of same - old same - old ?
When are you idiots going to learn that the best foreplay in the world for a woman is watching you take care of the kids , vacuum the floor , pick up the dog poo in the backyard .
Or how about just listening when she talks ?
You know , it 's not that fucking hard to stop thinking about yourself for five minutes and hear what she has to say .
Think about it - way back when , when you were getting your brains fucked out on a regular basis - what were YOU doing differently than you 're doing now ?
Planning dates , telling her she looked nice , acting like you 're happy to be with her ?
A thousand dollars says if you do that stuff again you 'll get the same result .
3 .
Your kids are NOT the reason you 're staying married .
If you were THAT miserable , you 'd leave whether you had kids or not .
If you 're not getting a divorce it 's because YOU DON'T WANT TO .
For whatever reason .
At least be honest and do n't try to feed people that tired bullshit line about staying married for the kids .
Contrary to what you think , it does n't make you look like a poor suffering but honorable victim .
You obviously do n't care enough about your kids to treat their mother with enough respect not to cheat on her , and you do n't care about them enough to spend time with THEM instead of some cheap whore , so cut it out with that crap .
There is absolutely nothing honorable about putting your dick ahead of your kids .
If you really really cared about them , you would put ALL your time and effort and money into saving the one thing that means most to them in the whole world - your marriage and their family .
Otherwise you 're full of shit .
4 . We all know how bored you are .
Poor you , someone should really come along to entertain you .
What are you , fucking 12 years old ?
If you 're bored with your marriage , it 's because YOU'RE BORING , and have you ever stopped to think that if you 're bored , she probably is too .
But instead of throwing a temper tantrum like a 2 year old , she 's at home cleaning out the lint trap on the dryer and washing kool - aid off the kitchen floor .
Yeah , she 's having a fucking riot washing your underwear and cleaning up cat puke .
Marriage is hard work .
Hell , life is hard work .
Grow the fuck up and take some responsibility for yourself .
You have a brain , USE it .
Put some thought into your marriage and some effort into your life and stop blaming her and being a baby because life is n't fun .
5 .
You 're looking for someone " younger " .
Sure you are .
Dickhead .
You think you look the same as you did when you got married ?
I 'd bet not .
Even if you do , you have n't spent the last 10 years having babies ( the ones YOU wanted ) and sacrificing your body for them .
The next time you have to have someone stitch your asshole together because your just pushed a watermelon out of your butt , then you can sqwauk .
If you ever spend 9 months with your belly stretched to obscene proportions , and manage to look exactly the same as you used to 6 weeks later , then you can bitch about how she 's not attractive anymore .
Until then , shut the fuck up .
You have no concept of what she has sacrificed to give you the children you claim to love .
You really think she wants varicose veins and stretch marks and saggy boobs ?
Get real .
What she wants is a man who understands and values WHY she has varicose veins and stretch marks and saggy boobs .
She wants a man who loves her because she was willing to make those sacrifices with her own body because she loves HIM .
Instead , you criticize and go running off with the first perky 25 year old who gives you the time of day .
Asshole .6 .
And finally , if you 're cheating on your wife , there 's something wrong with YOU .
If you 're not happy with your marriage , exactly how do you think fucking some slut is going to fix that ?
Exactly how is that going to make anyone happy ?
Have you ever actually heard of adultery working out really well for everyone involved ?
Are you actually stupid enough to think that you 're going to be the exception to that rule ?
If so , you are delusional and you need professional help .
Affairs are disasters - not some of the time , not most of the time , ALL OF THE TIME .
You guilt will drive you crazy .
Someone WILL find out .
You will NOT be able to keep up the lies and the deception .
And it will all lead up to a disaster of epic proportions , which leads me to Lucky # 7.7 .
Here 's what you can expect in the wake of your little fuck - fest : Divorce - this is where you lose everything - your wife , your house , half your income and possessions , possibly your job if you 're stupid enough to be fucking around with a co-worker , your kids - EVERYTHING .
You will LOSE IT ALL .
Exposure - this is where everyone finds out what a scumbag you are .
And they WILL find out .
Your boss , your co-workers , your friends , your family , HER family , your neighbors , the parents of your kids ' friends , everyone at your church .
They WILL find out .
Why ?
Because your now ex-wife will tell them .
She will probably tell everyone she knows , and everyone you know , and she will feel good doing it .
Consider yourself lucky if she does n't rent a billboard .
Otherwise , all bets are off .
Be prepared .
Your Kids - this is where you totally lose the respect of your kids , and you deserve to lose it .
They will realize in pretty short order that you did n't care enough about them to keep your fucking pants on .
They will see their mother cry and they will hate you for it .
They will end up shuttling back and forth between their home and your apartment , and they will hate you for it .
Every time they have to tell someone that their parents are divorced , they will hate you for it .
And God forbid you decide to " introduce " them to your shiny new soulmate / fuckbuddy , they will REALLY hate you for that .
If your kids are really young , you have a little time before all this shit hits the fan , but be warned , it 's coming .
They will forever see you as the moron who broke up their family .
They will know that you can't be trusted , that you are weak and immoral and selfish .
And they 'll figure it out all by themselves , even if you never talk to them about it .
Because your kids are smarter than you are at this point .
So , go ahead and whine your pathetic bullshit about how you 're a victim and your wife is a horrible shrew .
Do your best to convince yourself that you did n't have any choice and your wife " drove you to it . "
Start with the rationalizations and justifications now , you 're going to need a lot of them .
Remember that the best defense is a good offense and start a mental list of all the ways your wife is deficient .
Make sure to re-write the history of your marriage so that you can say that you were miserable from the first day .
Be sure to tell your wife that you love her , you 're just not " in love " with her anymore .
Deal with your guilt by lashing out at everyone around you .
Above all , take no responsibility for any problems YOU may have that caused you to be such a spineless bastard in the first place .
Congratulations , you 've just joined the Adulterers Club .
See you in hell .
Hostage : The Jill Carroll story
Introduction · 82 days in captivity
Jill Carroll , a freelance reporter for The Christian Science Monitor , was kidnapped by Sunni Muslim insurgents in Baghdad on Jan. 7 , 2006 .
Over the next 82 days , she had closer contact with Sunni insurgents than any American who has lived to tell the tale .
She cooked with the women .
She played with the children .
She was locked away in rooms to the sound of cocking guns .
Deprived of control over the smallest aspect of existence , she feared for her life every day .
Her chief captor required his journalist hostage to " interview " him for hours at a time .
He would expound on the insurgent worldview and the ruling council set up by Abu Musab al - Zarqawi .
In her last hours of captivity this man told her : " Forget about the council .
You can't talk about the women or the children .
You have to say you were in one room the whole time .
Everything is forbidden .
You must forget it all . "
She could n't .
This is her story .
Veerman House
Due to the super efficient design , this house saves 50 % to 60 % of the energy in comparison to conventional brick houses .
The Dutch use an energy performance coefficient ( EPC ) which is a measure for the efficiency of a building .
The average house in the Netherlands should have a coefficient of 0,8 since 1 January 2006 .
The EPS house has a coefficient of 0,3 !
The heating of the house comes from a unit that is so small that it can fit in a small backpack .
The prototype in Volendam was even built so that the heating unit can be removed !
The building costs are far cheaper due to the simple design ; the EPS house costs 30 % to 45 % to build than conventional houses .
One of the causes is the simple method in which EPS can be adapted to any form you want , just by using heat instead of drilling in bricks .
This easiness makes the time to construct a house very short .
The house in Volendam was built within six weeks .
The design can be mass manufactured , pre-fabricated style .
If mass manufactured the building time would only take two weeks .
The building is compliant with all European building standards .
Although the lightness of the material would suggest a storm hazard this is not the case .
The house weighs 18 to 30 tons ; it is totally weatherproof and can withstand a storm at wind strength ten .
The Dutch institute TNO has extensively tested the building ; it has a fire resistance of more than 90 minutes .
Although some may think that the house will not be very strong , this is not the case .
You can easily put very heavy things on your wall , no problem at all .
This lightness is one of its strengths .
It can be moved to another location very easily .
A floating design to combat rising seas is on the drawing board .
The sustainability is amazing .
EPS is a plastic that only degrades due to UV - radiation .
Thanks to the plaster and mortar on the outside this does not happen .
In principal this house can last eternally .
And even if destroyed around 80 % of the materials can be recycled .
-- by Rembrandt Koppelaar
A large part of the peak oil crowd is stuck inside a narrow minded way of thinking .
They focus on oil and politics .
Not looking at initiatives that are now small , but financially attractive .
One of these is an idea that emerged in the minds of a man called Albert Veerman from Holland , only 2.5 years ago .
To build a house from expanded polystyrene ( EPS ) foam , a widely used packaging and insulation material .
The idea was formed when he was demolishing his house and discovered that EPS is far stronger than stones .
Since that time he has worked together with the Technical University of Delft to build a house from this material , compliant with European building standards .
He started a building company ( Veerhuis Bouwsystemen BV ) .
In 2005 the first house has arisen in a small town called Volendam .
It has a metal framework ( can also be wood or concrete ) to carry the construction .
This framework is totally encapsulated with a 30 cm thick wall of EPS .
Unto this wall a special layer of “ veerman mortar ” is placed to make the building weather and fire resistant .
The floor also is built with special insulation materials .
The foundation of the house is made with a material called stelconplaten in Dutch .
This simple idea has a truly amazing amount of advantages :
This invention has already been patented in the European Union .
The next step will be to build 180 houses in Bruinisse and Krommenie , two other Dutch villages .
The Spanish and Turks are already interested in building such houses .
Especially in Turkey since the EPS house can be built to be earthquake resistant .
Not long from now , the world will probably be filled with these houses .
Think about the possibilities .
You can even take your house with you when you take a job in another town .
[ A pdf flyer on the Veerman design ( in Dutch ) is available here . ]
Oct. 27 , 2006  --
They are not pacifists .
They do n't represent a political party , and you wo n't see them at an anti-war rally .
Most say they are proud Americans .
They are proud to serve and wear the uniform of the U.S. military .
But they are against the war in Iraq , and they are speaking out about it .
Organizers say it 's the first anti-war movement of its kind in the active military since the Vietnam conflict .
" An Appeal for Redress From the War in Iraq " is an Internet initiative to get active - duty military to send this message to political leaders :
As a patriotic American proud to serve the nation in uniform , I respectfully urge my political leaders in Congress to support the prompt withdrawal of all American military forces and bases from Iraq .
Staying in Iraq will not work and is not worth the price .
It is time for U.S. troops to come home .
It is a legal way for soldiers , Marines and sailors to protest the war .
Active - duty military cannot publicly express its personal views .
" We are not urging any form of civil disobedience or any thing that would be illegal , " said Navy Seaman Jonathan Hutto , speaking on the phone , off duty and out of uniform .
" We are saying to our active - duty family that you have a right to send an appeal to a Congress member without reprisal . "
The " Redress " initiative does not require a membership , and comments are not made public .
" Anyone who has been in the military knows there are informal means for punitive actions , " said one soldier , who was reluctant to give a name .
" We do have a voice and we pay attention and we want people to listen to what we say . "
One activist said that despite the restrictions , " anytime intelligence is mixed with bravery you 'll have someone who is going to speak out . "
The response to the movement has been " amazing , " one organizer said .
The group had 65 messages to political leaders a few days days ago .
Now the group has more than 10 times that number .
" If people want to support the troops , then they should support us coming home , " said Marine Sgt. Liam Madden , one of the organizers of the movement .
He cites the absence of weapons of mass destruction and the lack of a link between Iraq and al Qaeda for his opposition to the war .
One soldier , who feared reprisal and would not disclose a name , believed in the war at the beginning : " We were taking out an oppressive regime . "
But it is different now .
" I do n't think that the American public realizes just how many soldiers and service members in general really do have reservations about what is the actions going on over there .
…
It 's very hard .
These soldiers seeing all this tribal fighting , ethnic fighting going on around them . …
There is not really anything you can do to stop this , " the soldier said .
" You are talking about thousands and thousands of years of history here , and it 's very frustrating for them to go .
…
Risking their lives on a daily basis and not seeing any tangible results for their actions . "
A few hundred notes of protest represent a small percentage of the 1 million men and women in uniform .
Organizers say it 's just the beginning .
" It 's the snowball effect and eventually that ball 's going to get rolling , " said one soldier who ran security on convoys in Iraq .
" Once they start seeing momentum going forward and more and more service members coming out , they will be much more inclined to come out as well . "
" Redress " founder Hutto says that during the Vietnam conflict more than 250,000 soldiers , sailors and airmen wrote political leaders to oppose the war .
But the troops in Vietnam had mostly been drafted , and it 's unclear whether there is the same sort of broad - based opposition to the Iraq war among today 's all - volunteer Army .
Hutto says it remains to be seen whether there is opposition to the war among active soldiers at a level comparable to that of the Vietnam era , because the movement has just gotten started .
" We are n't supposed to organize groups , " Hutto said .
" It 's a culture that you do n't get engaged in the process . …
You are given orders .
What we are doing is untraditional , unorthodox and unprecedented . "
There are formal organizations of Iraq veterans that oppose the war .
Iraq Veterans Against the War has chapters in nine cities , an elected board of directors , and an outreach program .
There are 300 members nationwide .
According to organizer Michael Blake , it is difficult for active military to come out against the war .
" There 's a need to justify the loss of friends or the people they 've killed , " he said .
Blake also believes the culture of the military prevents soldiers from questioning what they are called up to do .
" If you do n't support everything they tell you , then you 're considered a traitor or terrorist and you 're against your brothers that are still there -- but this is just not true , " he said .
Several former generals have come out against the war , and a dozen or so servicemen and women have refused to serve in Iraq , but " Redress " is the first national movement organized by active military that oppose the war .
The protest notes will be taken to Congress on Martin Luther King Day early next year .
One soldier sees no conflict in her opposition to the Iraq war .
" We are very proud to be serving our country , " the soldier said .
" I would n't take back my service for anything .
I 'm very proud to wear this uniform and to do my part to help this country that I 'm a citizen of .
…
And that 's something I take pride in and do n't want to tarnish or diminish . "
" It 's everybody 's duty to support democracy , " Madden said .
" We do it much more effectively when we exercise these rights than we do in Iraq . "
Send the text or this link to a friend .
http://emperors-clothes.com/yugo.htm
Subscribe to our free newsletter at http://emperor.vwh.net/MailList/index.php
Receive articles from Emperor's Clothes Website
=======================================================
Emperor 's Clothes Articles on Yugoslavia A partial list [ Last updated 14 March , 2006 ] ========================================================
Table of Contents ( A ) Latest articles and documents on Yugoslavia
Updated April 2006 ( 1 ) Milosevic :
Not a war criminal , not a hero ( 2 ) Serbs , Muslims , Albanians , Croats and NATO :
Who stood for what ; who has done what and to whom ( 3 ) Crime , Terror and Racism :
What NATO and the UN have Wrought in Kosovo ( and Macedonia ) ( 4 ) Media misinformation about Yugoslavia ( 5 ) The Hague Tribunal : Created to Demonize the Serbs ( 6 ) Why the Serbs feared being ruled by Albanian secessionists , Bosnian Muslim extremists and Croatian neo-fascists .
( You would too ... ) ( 7 ) US goals in the Balkans ( 8 ) Articles on the Srebrenica massacre charge ( 9 ) NATO financing behind the October 2000 coup in Yugoslavia ( 10 ) Life in Yugoslavia after the October 2000 coup ( 11 ) Serbian - Jewish relations ======================================================
A. Latest TENC articles and documents on Yugoslavia
Material posted or re-posted in April 2006 ========================================================
* Journalist Karl du Fresne attacks Emperor 's Clothes for comparing his ( admitted ) anti-Serb racism to antisemitism ;
Jared Israel replies
http://www.tenc.net/letters/dufresne.htm
* Victorious Croats ' Burned Villages '
by Julian Borger
Reprinted from ( London ) Guardian , 19 August 1995
http://www.tenc.net/docs/krajburn.htm
( London ) Guardian article hints at what Croats did during August 1995 invasion of Serbian Krajina . *
War raises old anxieties for Croatian Jews
Reprinted from The Independent ( London ) , October 21 , 1991
Phil Davison in Kragujevac , Serbia
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/croatjews.htm
========================================================
1 . Milosevic :
Not a war criminal , not a hero ========================================================
* " On the demonization of Milosevic : How and why it 's done ; why it 's nonsense "
by Jared Israel
http://www.tenc.net/articles/jared/expan.htm
* Reader asks : “ Why do you say that media attacks on Milosevic are in effect attacks on the Serbian people ? ”
Jared Israel replies .
http://emperors-clothes.com/letters/effect.htm
* " Milosevic 's Speech at Kosovo Field "
For the US government translation of the speech , with comments by Jared Israel go to
http://emperors-clothes.com/milo/milosaid.html
For links to the BBC translation in text and PDF forms ( scanned from the original ) go to
http://emperors-clothes.com/milo/versions.htm
Those who vilify the Serbs claim that Milosevic made a viciously nationalist speech to a huge crowd in June 1989 in Kosovo .
Read the speech and judge for yourself .
Milosevic 's national boast ?
He says the Serbs have a history of tolerance and of helping liberate other national groups , and that Serbia 's strength is its multiethnic character .
He warns that national divisions could destroy Yugoslavia .
By way of contrast , we have posted the BBC translation of Croatian President Tudjman speech , made after the Croatian Army , under US military leadership , drove a quarter of a million Serbian civilians from their homes in the Krajina section of Yugoslavia .
In it he said that " there can be no return to the past , to the times when they , the Serbs , were spreading cancer in the heart of Croatia . "
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/tudj.htm
* " The Other Side of the Story , "
by Dusan Vilic and Bosko Todorovic
http://emperors-clothes.com/book/other.htm
Two Yugoslav Generals provide a point by point refutation of the claims made against the Yugoslav Army and Serbian security forces by The Hague Tribunal , in its indictment of Milosevic .
The generals ' detailed explanations , including documents , explain the theory and practice of the Yugoslav Army in fighting terrorism without targeting civilians .
" Apologists for Fascism have become the Public Voice of Slobodan Milosevic , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/smear.htm
Emperor 's Clothes editor Jared Israel was a founder and , for two years , co-Chair of Milosevic 's defense committee .
He was expelled from the committee when he refused to sanction keeping Ramsey Clark as the committee 's honorary President .
Jared Israel argued that Ramsey Clark was an apologist for Islamism ( not to mention that Clark had publicly supported the media accusation that the Bosnian Serb leaders are war criminals ) and that linking to him would dis - honor the Serbian people .
Israel prepared a lengthy brief on Ramsey Clark , which Mr. Milosevic read .
When it became clear that Milosevic would not dissociate from Clark , Israel wrote an open letter to Milosevic .
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/smear.htm
* " Milosevic must Dissociate from Tainted ‘ Friends , ’ "
by Petar Makara ( Makarov )
http://emperors-clothes.com/makara/tainted.htm
* " Serbian condolences to the Jews for the life of Arafat , "
by Petar Makara
http://emperors-clothes.com/makara/aramilo.htm
Emperor 's Clothes editor Petar Makara comments that , in praising the late Yasar Arafat , Mr. Milosevic did not represent the Serbian people , who , like the Jews , have suffered at the hands of Islamists .
========================================================
2 . Serbs , Muslims , Albanians , Croats and NATO :
Who stood for what ; who has done what and to whom ?
========================================================
* " How , in 1999 , the Pentagon Unwittingly Confessed that NATO Targeted Civilians in the Air War Against Serbia .
Why did none of the many reporters who were present report it ? "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/wald.htm
* " Kosovo Before 1989 : Nightmare with the Best Intentions "
Interview
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/tika.htm
An interview with two Yugoslavs , one of whom , ironically , was in charge of fixing power equipment damaged by Albanian secessionist saboteurs in the 1980s .
Explains the anti-Serb racism , made worse by an enforced silence , which prevailed in Serbia , the bastion of brotherly love , before 1989 . *
The movie ' JUDGMENT !' shows how in 1992 a British news team doctored innocent fotos to sell the lie that the Bosnian Serbs were running death camps .
Destroys the founding argument in the demonization of the Serbs .
http://www.emperors-clothes.com/film/judgment.htm
* " Newspaper articles on Kosovo published during the 1980s "
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/benworks/1980news.html
Reports on the conflict in Kosovo from the NY Times , London Economist , Washington Post , Reuters and other leading print media , published before the onset of the propaganda war against the Serbs . * " Why Albanians Fled Kosovo during NATO Bombing "
An interview with Cedomir Prlincevic , formerly the Chief Archivist in Pristina ( Kosovo )
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/keys.htm
In our second interview with Cedomir Prlincevic , he explains that NATO took advantage of unusual features of Albanian culture to use Albanians as a proxy force .
* " Who was Alija Izetbegovic ?
Moderate ' George Washington ' of Bosnia or Islamist Murderer ? "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/bosnia/izet.htm
Why did the US State Department and Iranian Foreign Ministry make virtually identical statements when this man , supposedly devoted to moderation and religious tolerance , died ? * " A Reporter 's Account of Evening Spent with the Commander of Bosnian Muslim Forces in Srebrenica "
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/oric.htm
The commander of the Islamist ( ' Bosnian government ) forces in Srebrenica boasts of slaughtering Serb civilians in ways reminiscent of the Handzar division of the Waffen SS division during World War II .
* " U.S. & Iran : Enemies in Public , but Secret Allies in Terror : How the US and Iran worked together , supporting Islamist terror in Bosnia , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/deja.htm
Despite public acrimony , the US and Iran have areas of cooperation .
Perhaps the best example is Yugoslavia .
Why then the mutual denunciation ?
Because it 's good theater .
Iran accuses the US of doing everything for Israel , a message calculated to incite Muslim audiences around the world and increase the strength of antisemitism in general and Muslim extremism in particular , which both the US and Iran foster for geopolitical ends .
* " A Rare Glimpse at the Reality of the Bosnian War "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/gorazde.htm
* " NATO says The Hague Tribunal ( or ICTY ) belongs to NATO ; according to the Tribunal , the two are partners ... "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/tribdocs.htm
* " The Roma [ ' Gypsies ' ] and Racism in the Balkans "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/burial.htm
The media has mis-described the relationship between Serbs and Roma ( often called ' Gypsies ' ) in Kosovo . * " How the Roma View Serbia and the Serbs , and what it means , "
by Paul Kneisel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/kneisel/RomaView.html
* " Milosevic 's Speech at Kosovo Field "
http://emperors-clothes.com/milo/milosaid.html
Those who vilify the Serbs claim that Milosevic made a viciously nationalist speech to a huge crowd in June 1989 in Kosovo .
Read the speech and judge for yourself .
* " The Other Side of the Story , "
by Dusan Vilic and Bosko Todorovic
http://emperors-clothes.com/book/other.htm
Two Yugoslav Generals provide a point by point refutation of the claims made against the Yugoslav Army and Serbian security forces by The Hague Tribunal , in its indictment of Milosevic .
Their detailed explanations , including documents , explain the theory and practice of the Yugoslav Army in fighting terrorism without targeting civilians .
========================================================
3 . Crime , Terror and Racism : What NATO and the UN have Wrought in Kosovo ( and Macedonia ) ========================================================
* " Driven from Kosovo ! "
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/ceda.htm
This interview with Cedomir Prlincevic broke the media blackout on what happened in Kosovo after the NATO - UN takeover .
Mr. Prlincevic , Kosovo 's chief archivist and leader of the Jewish community in Pristina , describes how Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) terrorists marched into the city alongside British NATO troops .
Immediately , the KLA began driving thousands of Yugoslav loyalists from their homes , with the manifest complicity of the British command .
* " The Women of Orahovac Speak "
http://emperors-clothes.com/misc/savethe-a.htm
NATO promised to bring multiethnic peace to Kosovo but three Serbian women from the town of Orahovac describe how , when NATO took over , it sponsored the Kosovo Liberation Army 's reign of terror against the Serbs and Roma .
* " The Women of Orahovac Answer the Colonel "
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/trouw.htm
The Dutch colonel in charge of NATO forces in the town of Orahovac was interviewed by the Dutch paper , Trouw .
The Serbian women from Orahovac , who had been interviewed by Emperor 's Clothes , responded in Trouw . * " Gentle Reign : Washington Makes it Perfectly Clear it 's Behind the Attack on Macedonia , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/jared/gentle.htm
Evidence of Pentagon support for terrorists using Kosovo as a base to attack Macedonia .
* " Stranger than Fiction : How NATO and the US Sponsor Terror in Kosovo and Macedonia , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/jared/nocrime.htm
* " The Terrorists Attacking Macedonia are NATO Troops , not ' Rebels , ' "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/mac/times-a.htm
* " Crime & Terror in ' Liberated ' Kosovo "
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/u.htm
A surreal stroll through a land where gangsters rule and the news is black humor .
* " In Jail in Kosovo , "
by Tika Jankovic
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/tika/new.htm
* " Concentration camps in Kosovo : The KLA Archipelago "
by Vanja Mekterovic and Vladimir Radomirovic
Comments by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/reporter.htm
* " A Slaughter of Roma ( ' Gypsies ' ) , "
by Petar Makara and Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/multiple/slaughter.html
The Western media has mainly ignored the genocide against Roma ( ' Gypsies ' ) following the NATO takeover of Kosovo . * " How will you plead at your trial , Mr. Annan ? "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/howwill.htm
The London Observer quotes a UN document confirming our charge that the UN - created Kosovo Protection Corps is comprised of criminal thugs and terrorists .
" Slaves of the 21st Century , "
by Urban Fox ( London Times )
Comments by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/aupairs.htm
* " A Stranger in Belgrade "
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/albanian.htm
After NATO takes over Kosovo , an Albanian family refuses to cooperate with the Kosovo Liberation Army and is forced to flee .
* " In Memory of Corin Ismali "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/ismali.htm
A pro-Yugoslav Kosovo Albanian politician , murdered by Albanian fascists .
========================================================
4 . Media misinformation about Yugoslavia ========================================================
* " Lies the ( London ) Guardian told me , or The Return of Villainy , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/villainy.htm
Reporter Ed Vulliamy repeats his 1992 claim that the Bosnian Serbs were running death camps , re-publishing one of his “ death camp ” photos ...
Jared Israel responds * " U.S. & Iran : Enemies in Public , but Secret Allies in Terror : How the US and Iran worked together , supporting Islamist terror in Bosnia , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/deja.htm
* " Why Albanians Fled Kosovo during NATO Bombing "
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/keys.htm
How NATO took advantage of unusual aspects of Albanian culture to use Albanians as a NATO proxy force in the Balkans .
What really caused the Albanian exodus during the NATO bombing ?
* " Reporter 's Account of Evening Spent with the Commander of Bosnian Muslim Forces in Srebrenica "
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/oric.htm
The commander of the so - called Bosnian government 's forces in the famous town of Srebrenica boasts of slaughtering Serb civilian 's in ways reminiscent of the Bosnian Islamist Waffen SS division during World War II .
* " Pro-Yugoslav Muslim Leader Fikret Abdic Put on Trial "
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/abdic.htm
* " A Rare Glimpse at the Reality of the Bosnian War , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/gorazde.htm
* " Debate on the Nonviolence Discussion Board "
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/jared/nonviole.html
In the spring on 1999 ( a few months before Emperor 's Clothes was started ) it 's editor - to - be , Jared Israel , had a sharp discussion with antiwar activist Tony Frye concerning Yugoslavia .
* " The Other Side of the Story , "
by Dusan Vilic and Bosko Todorovic
http://emperors-clothes.com/book/other.htm
Two Yugoslav Generals provide a point by point refutation of the Kosovo indictment of Milosevic .
Their detailed explanations , including original documents , explain the theory and practice of the Yugoslav army in fighting terrorism without targeting civilians .
Brilliant , eminently readable , very different from what you read in the mass media .
* " How the Roma [ ' Gypsies ' ]
View Serbia and the Serbs , and what it means , "
by Paul Kneisel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/kneisel/RomaView.html
* " Milosevic 's Speech at Kosovo Field "
http://emperors-clothes.com/milo/milosaid.html
Those who vilify the Serbs claim that Milosevic made a viciously nationalist speech to a huge crowd in June 1989 in Kosovo .
Read the speech and judge for yourself .
========================================================
5 . The Hague Tribunal : Created to Demonize the Serbs ========================================================
* " NATO says The Hague Tribunal ( or ICTY ) belongs to NATO ; according to the Tribunal , they 're Partners ... "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/tribdocs.htm
Prof. Kosta Cavoski's Four - Part Series on The Hague Tribunal : * " The Hague Tribunal , Part 1 : The Abuse and Death of General Djordje Djukic , "
by Prof. Kosta Cavoski
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/cavoski/c-1.htm
* " The Hague Tribunal , Part 2 : The Illegal Treatment of Col. Aleksa Krsmanovic , "
by Prof. Kosta Cavoski
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/cavoski/c-2.htm
* " The Hague Tribunal , Part 3 : Illegal Origins , "
by Prof. Kosta Cavoski
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/cavoski/c-3.htm
* " The Hague Tribunal , Part 4 : Learning from the Inquisition , "
by Prof. Kosta Cavoski
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/cavoski/c-4.htm
* " Due Process in the Brave New Legal System "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/milo/fax.htm
NY Times says The Hague Tribunal is * too* fair ... a fax from the Tribunal suggests otherwise .
* " How [ Belgrade officials ] Zoran Djindjic & Vojislav Kostunica Marketed the Extradition of Milosevic ... "
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/fools.htm
* " Attorney Asks : Does your Research show that Hague Prosecutor Arbour conferred with NATO politicians prior to indicting Milosevic ? "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/letters/philpot.htm
========================================================
6 . Why Serbs feared rule by Albanian secessionists , Bosnian Muslim extremists and Croatian neo-fascists .
( You would too ... )
========================================================
* " Himmler was their Defender ! "
by Dan Chukurov , Petar Makara and Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/bosnia/svijet.htm
A Sarajevo paper celebrates the infamous Handzar Waffen SS division , comprised of fanatical Bosnian Muslims and organized by the Mufti of Jerusalem and Heinrich Himmler .
* " Meet The Nazis The CIA Married : The Croatian Ustashi , "
by Petar Makara and Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/backin.htm
In 1991 the Croatian secessionists set up a state modeled on the Croatian Ustashi state during World War II .
What were those World War II Ustashi like ? * " The roots of Kosovo fascism , "
by George Thompson
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/thompson/rootsof.htm
An examination of the pro-Nazi background of Kosovo Albanian secessionists .
========================================================
7 . US goals in the Balkans ========================================================
* " NATO Buildup in the Balkans : Part of a Deadly Game , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/farish.htm
* ' Nothing Is Forever ...'
Text of Interview with US Ambassador to Yugoslavia Warren Zimmerman
Comments by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/interviews/nothing.htm
In this 1992 interview , the U.S. Ambassador to Yugoslavia reveals the US foreign policy establishment 's intention to destroy Yugoslavia and create an Islamist state in Bosnia .
* " Stranger than Fiction : NATO and the US Sponsor Terror in Kosovo and Macedonia "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/jared/nocrime.htm
========================================================
8 . Articles on Srebrenica ========================================================
“ Why should one read articles refuting the Srebrenica massacre claim ? ”
by Jared Israel
Includes the suppressed UN report on genocide against Bosnian Serbs living near Srebrenica .
With comments on the report by Petar Makara .
http://emperors-clothes.com/sreb/mem.htm
Procitajte ovaj tekst na srpsko-hrvatskom
http://emperors-clothes.com/s-c/s-zasto.htm
Evidence that the supposed Srebrenica execution video is a fabrication : " Srebrenica Srebrenica ' Execution ' Video , Part 1 : What I ’ll prove and how I ’ll do it , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/sreb/vid.htm
" Srebrenica ' Execution ' Video , Part 2 : Mission Impossible , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/sreb/location.htm
" Srebrenica ' Execution ' Video , Part 3 : The Media Moves Mountains , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/sreb/moves.htm
" UN Military Officer Carlos Branco asks , ' Was the Supposed Srebrenica Massacre a Hoax ? ' "
Comments by Jared Israel and Petar Makara
http://emperors-clothes.com/sreb/branco-1.htm
“ Reporter 's Account of Evening Spent with Commander of Bosnian Muslims in Srebrenica , ” at
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/oric.htm
Oric 's crimes are reminiscent of atrocities committed by Bosnia Muslim Waffen SS troops during World War II .
During the 1990s some articles in a Sarajevo Muslim extremist newspaper fondly remembered the Nazi- organized Waffen SS , whose activities Oric emulated .
These articles are translated , with comments , in " Himmler was their Defender , " at
http://emperors-clothes.com/bosnia/svijet.htm
“ Why has the War Crimes Tribunal suppressed testimony about Srebrenica ? ”
by Jared Israel and Max Sinclair
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/sinclair/why.htm
Below we 've posted a series of communications , involving several emails , a NY Times article and an Emperor 's Clothes reply to the Times article .
The people involved are :
-- David Rohde , the Christian Science Monitor ( now New York Times ) reporter who claimed he discovered mass graves containing victims of a supposed massacre in Srebrenica ;
-- Professor Drasko Jovanovic , a distinguished physicist ;
-- and Jared Israel and Max Sinclair , from Emperor 's Clothes .
We 've posted the texts in chronological order : 1 . David Rohde had been corresponding with Professor Jovanovic about Srebrenica .
Prof. Jovanovic sent Rohde an Emperor 's Clothes article .
Rohde replied with an email criticizing the article .
This email is reprinted at
http://emperors-clothes.com/letters/inaccurate.htm
2 . Jovanovic sent Rohde 's comments to Emperor 's Clothes .
Sinclair and Israel responded by email , posted at
http://emperors-clothes.com/letters/reply.htm
3 . Prof. Jovanovic also sent Emperor 's Clothes a short memoir of his experiences as a boy in Nazi- occupied Yugoslavia .
It is posted at
http://emperors-clothes.com/letters/letterj.htm
4 . Rohde then took his dispute with Emperor 's Clothes to the pages of the NY Times .
Jared Israel responded at
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/jared/fulltext.htm
5 . Prof. Jovanovic also replied to Rhode .
Read his reply at
http://emperors-clothes.com/letters/farewell.htm
“ The Deconstruction of a Trauma , ”
by René Grémaux and Abe de Vries
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/falsely.htm
“ Five Years On & the Lies Continue , ”
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/jared/texts.htm
This article appeared in the summer of 2000 as a full page ad in the Sydney Herald ( Australia ) and the New York Post .
“ Thoughts On Srebrenica , ”
by
http://emperors-clothes.com/articles/standefer/hoax.htm
========================================================
9 . NATO financing behind the October 2000 coup in Yugoslavia ========================================================
* " Kostunica says some backers ' unconsciously work for American imperial goals , ' "
by Jared Israel and Max Sinclair
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/erlang.htm
A New York Times article reveals massive NATO funding of the anti-Milosevic election campaign of Vojislav Kostunica . * " Der Spiegel : How Kostunica [ and Djindjic ! ]
Came to Power "
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/spie.htm
The German magazine , Der Spiegel , confirms that Washington and Europe controlled and financed the Yugoslav coup of October 2000 * " " U.S. Arrogance and Yugoslav Elections , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/engl.htm
How semi-covert US organizations created a Fifth Column in Yugoslavia .
Written prior to the October 2000 coup .
* " Letter Criticizing Emperor 's Clothes ' Stand on 2000 Yugoslav Elections , with reply "
http://www.emperors-clothes.com/letters/yugoltr.htm
Bob Hayden , Director of the Center for Russian & East European Studies in Pittsburgh , takes EC editor Jared Israel to task for opposing the ' democratization ' of Serbia as manifested in Vojislav Kostunica 's campaign for the Yugoslav presidency .
========================================================
10 . Life in Yugoslavia after the October 2000 coup ========================================================
* " Bringing the Normal Life to Yugoslavia "
http://emperors-clothes.com/analysis/soars.htm
The assault on the Yugoslav economy . * " Is Kostunica setting the stage for a phony fuel - shortage melodrama ? "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/news/price.htm
Shortly after the October 2000 coup , Belgrade friends of Emperor 's Clothes did some on - the - scene investigation regarding price hikes ...
========================================================
11 . Serbian - Jewish relations , link between Serbophobia and antisemitism , Yugoslav Jews speak out ========================================================
* War raises old anxieties for Croatian Jews
Reprinted from The Independent ( London ) , October 21 , 1991
Phil Davison in Kragujevac , Serbia
http://emperors-clothes.com/docs/croatjews.htm
* " Serbian condolences to the Jews for the life of Arafat "
by Petar Makara
http://emperors-clothes.com/makara/aramilo.htm
* " Trivialization and abuse of the Holocaust : Outrage at the opening of the Holocaust Museum in Washington , DC , "
by Jared Israel
http://emperors-clothes.com/index-4.html#Jasenovac == ======================================================
Donate to Emperor's Clothes == ======================================================
We get by with a little help from our friends ...
Emperor 's Clothes receives all its funding from our readers .
We are most grateful for any help you can afford to give ; small contributions help , and so , of course , do big ones .
Our best is yet to come ...
Here ’s How to Make a Donation ... * Using Paypal ( Visa & Mastercard ) https://www.paypal.com/xclick/business=emperors1000@aol.com&no_shipping=1
* By credit card at our secure server
https://emperor.securesites.com/transactions/index.php
* Mail a check to Emperor ’s Clothes ,
P.O. Box 610-321
Newton , MA 02461-0321 ( USA )
* Or by credit card over the phone .
1 ( 617 ) 916-1705 Thank You !
Please send this text or the link to a friend .
http://emperors-clothes.com/yugo.htm
Subscribe to the Emperor 's Clothes email list .
Receive texts posted at Emperor 's Clothes .
http://emperor.vwh.net/MailList/index3.php
Emperor 's Clothes
[ www.tenc.net ]
Tara Reid is the new Kathy Griffin , as in D - List .
The " American Pie " star could n't get arrested Friday night as she tried in vain to get waved into Hyde , the trendy Hollywood club .
Play video content TMZ.com
So how bad did Tara feel as former BFF Paris Hilton came sauntering by and breezed inside , as Tara could only stand on the sidewalk and steam ??
Look closely , you can actually see her heart deflate ... before completely shattering .
And , as if it all is n't humiliating enough , Paris brought new BFF Kim Kardashian -- known for nothing -- along for the ride .
Kim was allowed to enter effortlessly .
What is Jekyll ?
Jekyll is a high - level language that can be losslessly translated to and from readable editable C .
This allows it to be used in C projects , with C programmers , C libraries , and C tools .
Jekyll is a research project from Intel Research Cambridge .
Although the project is led by Intel , we are keen to collaborate with anyone else who is interested .
Go here to find out why you should use Jekyll , or here to read about Jekyll 's feature set .
Where can I get it ?
Download it from Sourceforge here .
Where can I find out more ?
Read the documentation .
SCIENCE MADE STUPID A 1986 HUGO AWARD WINNER
Written and Illustrated by TOM WELLER
Presented here in an abridged form .
Introduction Since the dawn of time , man has looked to the heavens and wondered : where did the stars come from ?
He has looked at the great diversity of plants and animals around him and wondered : where did life come from ?
He has looked at himself and wondered : where did I come from ?
Later , he began to ask more complicated questions .
He looked in his wallet and asked : where did my paycheck go ?
Am I on the right bus ?
Who do you like in the series ?
To the former questions , at least , science has provided answers .
What is Science ?
Put most simply , science is a way of dealing with the world around us .
It is a way of baffling the uninitiated with incomprehensible jargon .
It is a way of obtaining fat government grants .
It is a way of achieving mastery over the physical world by threatening it with destruction .
Science represents mankind 's deepest aspirations - aspirations to power , to wealth , to the satisfaction of sheer animal lusts .
The cornerstone of modern science is the scientific method .
Scientists first formulate hypotheses , or predictions , about nature .
Then they perform experiments to test their hypotheses .
There are two forms of scientific method , the inductive and the deductive .
Science for Everyone Sound simple ?
It is .
Once , when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property of a small priesthood , the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane complexities .
Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to obtaining even a dim , incoherent knowledge of science .
Today , all that has changed : a dim , incoherent knowledge of science is available to anyone .
Popular science books , magazines and computer programs - with their simple , fatuous and misleading prose , their garish illustrations , their flimsy modern production values - have brought science within the reach of anyone who can afford their inflated prices or who can mooch off someone else .
Indeed , today a myriad of sources are available to explain science facts that science itself has never dreamed of .
This web site is one of them .
The Chapters The Universe / Matter & Energy / The Earth / Evolution / The Descent of Man Appendix / Glossary / Tables & Charts / Further Reading
Buy the book !
Armed with cans of the latest energy drink , 100 of the world 's top programmers gathered under the glare of flashbulbs Friday to determine who 's the fastest and cleverest of them all .
The contest : Solve three fiendish problems in 75 frantic minutes .
The assembled finalists – the best of 21,000 applicants – hailed from Buenos Aires , Warsaw , and an obscure city on Russia 's Volga River .
It 's a crowd many employers would drool over , including Google , which hosted the " Code Jam " contest here in its new seven - acre Manhattan complex .
But TopCoder , the Connecticut - based company that ran the event , has other ideas .
By tapping the best freelance programmers in the world , and letting them compete to write pieces of software , TopCoder and its competitors are creating a new kind of assembly line .
In essence , they 're dragging Henry Ford into the eBay era .
" It 's a very intriguing and attractive model , " says Thomas Malone , director of the Center for Collective Intelligence at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
He sees it as a logical extension of advances in communications and computing power .
" Things that are today done inside big companies will , in the future , be done by temporary combinations of very small companies and , in many cases , independent contractors , " he says .
Through its contests , TopCoder seeks out and ranks the world 's best independent programmers .
The company then helps firms tap these 95,000 freelancers for software projects .
TopCoder assesses a client 's needs , breaks the project into 30 or so components , and opens the design and development work to a series of online competitions .
The coder with the best finished product wins " prize money , " as does the runner - up , which usually amounts to a few thousand dollars .
The small pieces are " sewn " together , usually by TopCoder , and delivered to the client .
" Our competition model drives up quality in a way that no one can duplicate .
No one else I know can get four or five [ versions ] made of the same thing and take the best , " says TopCoder 's Brendan Wright .
And because " people in the US have to compete with people in Romania , you are going to get a certain downward pressure on prices . "
TopCoder is n't the only company linking freelancers to business needs .
InnoCentive of Andover , Mass. , lets companies offer rewards to scientists who can solve specific R&D challenges .
California - based company Elance allows businesses to submit projects for freelancers to bid on .
Nearly half of the Elance jobs involve website or software development , with the rest ranging from marketing campaigns to translations to ghostwriting .
Outsourcing worker by worker
The model is turning traditional outsourcing on its ear .
Instead of hiring teams of developers from , say , the biggest half - dozen programming firms in India , companies can build their own team of the very best , no matter where they live .
None of the finalists at Google 's " Code Jam 2006 " was Indian ; a third , including the winner , were Russian .
Representatives at Google say the company is busy building satellite offices in countries where the new talent is being found .
But the freelancer model may prove more attractive – and perhaps more lucrative – for some coders .
Mr. Wright says one man in China is pulling down six figures from TopCoder contests .
TopCoder uses the competitions to entice new programmers to sign on .
Witold Jarnicki is a Pole whose ability to write algorithms landed him a free trip from Google to compete in the Code Jam .
But when asked if he 's interested in joining Google , Mr. Jarnicki says he prefers his $ 5,400 - a- year job at the Jagiellonian University in Krakow .
It 's stable , it 's where he grew up , and most important , it 's far from the business world according to " Dilbert . "
" One thing I am really happy about is that I 'm not bored , " he says .
Freelancing offers the chance to pick and choose only the jobs that are interesting to them , programmers say .
" Many companies have very boring work for programmers , " says Mike Mirzayanov , another finalist , of Saratov State University in Saratov , along Russia 's Volga River .
" I think it is a problem for many top coders .
They like to think ; they like to problem - solve and create . "
Critics of the TopCoder model wonder if some tasks are too large for a hodgepodge of freelancers to tackle coherently .
The top - down model that makes this form of radical outsourcing possible also makes it more difficult to deal with midcourse corrections or handle projects that evolve over time , they argue .
" With all this fancy technology , there 's [ still ] nothing like being in the same room , " says Moshe Vardi , a professor of computer science at Rice University in Houston .
Sometimes , project managers do n't know exactly what they want until code comes back to them , he says .
" It 's much harder to do the ongoing changes [ remotely ] .
It 's very different when you run into a person every day and ask , ' How is it going ?
What 's happening ?
Oh , by the way ....'
This informal communication is incredibly valuable . "
If software jobs are headed overseas – to the likes of Poles and Russians earning less than $ 6,000 a year – do American programmers have a future ?
US programmers ' future : decoding
At TopCoder , Wright holds the only job in the assembly line that 's sheltered from the digital Darwinism .
As project manager , he 's the liaison between clients and the technical architects who break the problem into its pieces .
His skills – a combination of technical expertise , communication know - how , and business savvy – will be key for US programmers , some computer science professors say .
" If all they can do is sit in a cubicle and they cannot talk to other people , they do not have an advantage , they cannot leverage their location here , " says Professor Vardi .
" Because at the end , what are computers about ?
It 's about solving other people 's problems . "
Several ponytails , no women
Software - outsourcing firm TopCoder sifted through nearly 22,000 applicants to pick the top 100 freelance programmers , who gathered in New York for a contest last week .
So who are these digital Top Guns ? •
A third were Russian , including teacher and recent college graduate Petr Mitrichev , who won the contest .
• China had the second - largest contingent with 12 representatives , followed by Poland with 11 .
Some Polish universities place great importance on coder competitions .
• The US had 7 contestants ; Germany , 6 .
• The field was all male .
*
*
*
*
はじめまして。とはいうものの、僕は本当は君が誰なのか、ほとんど知らない。僕はコンピューターに残った君の足跡を見て、君のことを知った。だから僕が君について知っているのは、君の足の形ぐらいだ。でもなんとなくその足跡を見ていたら、君が今まさにインターネットの使い方を学ぼうとしているところような気がしたんだ。間違っていたら、まあ笑ってくれればいい。でももし、君が本当にインターネットのことを知り始めたところなら、これから僕がする話はいつかきっと役に立つと思う。たぶん検索サイトを使うのが少しうまくなるんじゃないかな。まあ、あまり期待せずに、適当に読み流してくれればそれでいい。やたら長いし、そんなに面白い話じゃないから、無理にとはいわないけどね。最初に書いておこう。僕が君に伝えたいのは「正しい情報とは何か」ということだ。みんな「正しい情報」とか「正確な情報」とか「真実」とか「事実」なんていう言葉を簡単に使うけれど、実はこの言葉はなかなか使うのが難しい。だからこの言葉を聞いたり、使ったりするときには、とても気をつけなくちゃいけない(この文章の中にも沢山出てくるから、僕もなるべく気をつけて使うことにしよう)。僕がこれから話すのはそういう話だ。君は「世界一有名なコーヒーメーカー」のことが知りたくてここへ来たんだよね（先にこっちへ来てしまったなら、その記事は ここ にある)。え、違う？あー、じゃあ申し訳ないけれど、ちょっとそのつもりになって読んでほしい。さて、君の欲しい情報は見つかっただろうか？僕の書いた記事は少しは役に立ったかな？それならいいんだけど。君が本当に知りたかったのは何だろう。そのコーヒーメーカーがなぜ有名になったかだろうか?
それとも、今どこにあるのかだろうか？良かった、それならちゃんとあの記事に書いてある。でも、ちょっと待って欲しい。君は僕が嘘をついていないとなぜ分かる？あの記事に書いてあることが正しいと何で分かるんだ？確かに、僕はいろんなサイトのURLを引っ張ってきて、さも真実であるかのようにあの記事を書いた。でも、それだけで信じちゃうのか？もしかしたらリンクの先は全部僕が作ったものかもしれないのに？他のサイトにも同じことが書いてあったから？もしかしたら僕が命令して書かせたのかもしれないぜ。まあ、さすがにそれはありえないけど。ご心配なく、僕は嘘はついてない。あの記事は僕が一生懸命調べて書いたものだ。大丈夫、あの記事は正しいはずだ。でも、もう君は僕のことを信じていないだろう。そりゃそうだ、あんなことを言った後じゃ何をいっても信用してもらえないよね。そう、僕が君に伝えたいのは、まさしくこのこと。「正しい」ということはこんなにも曖昧で、変わりやすいものなんだということだ。信じてもらえるかどうかは分からないけれど、僕はあの記事を正しいと思って書いた。なにしろ一生懸命調べたからね。英語のページも沢山読んだし、ドイツ語のページだって読んだ（翻訳サービスをつかったけど)。でも、間違っていないとは言い切れない。直接持ち主に聞いたわけじゃないし、ドイツの出版社にあのコーヒーメーカーが置かれているのをこの目で見たわけじゃない。いろいろな人が書いたいろいろな記事を読んで、僕はあの情報が正しいと信じたんだ。そう、僕にとってはあの記事に書いてあることは紛れもなく「正しい」。でも、今たぶん君の中では、あの記事の正しさは揺らいでいるはずだ。ほんとかな？なんかこいつ怪しいし、もう少し調べた方がいいんじゃないかな？ほんとにこいつの言ってることは「正しい」んだろうか？どうか誤解しないで欲しいんだけど、僕は「全てを疑ってかかれ」なんていうつもりはない。いちいちなにもかも疑っていたら大変だし、なによりそんなのすごくつまらない。大切なのは「何が本当に正しいのか」じゃなくて、僕がいま正しいと思っていることと、君がいま正しいと思っていることが違うということだ。「正しさ」というのは人によって違う、そのことを絶対に忘れちゃいけない。君が自分は正しいと思っているように、君と反対の意見を持ったあいつもやっぱり自分が正しいと思っている。君が誰かのことを間違っていると思っているように、その誰かはきっと君のことを間違っていると思っている。自分が間違っていると分かっていて、間違った意見を言う人は誰もいないよね。同じように、君が誰かのことを「あいつは嘘つきだ」というとき、その誰かには君の事が嘘つきに見えるかもしれない。君が誰かのことを「あいつは悪いやつだ」というとき、その誰かには君は悪いやつに見えるかもしれない。もちろん、ちゃんと確かめればどちらが正しいのか決められることもある。でも、それはとても気をつけてやらなきゃダメだ。だって、君も間違っているかもしれないんだから。それに、普通はどちらが正しいのかを決められないことの方が多い。え、そんなこと言われなくても分かってるって？そうか、ならいいんだけど。...でも、人は悲しかったり、怒っていたり、いらいらしていたりすると、このことをすぐに忘れてしまう。たとえば、ケンカや、人殺しや、戦争や、テロはたいていそうやって起きる。世界にあるのは「嘘と本当」の2種類じゃない。世界には沢山の「本当」があるだけなんだ。君がどの「本当」を選ぶのかは、君が自分で決めなくちゃいけない。誰かに選んでもらうことはできない。だから、よーく調べて、よーく考えて選ばなくちゃいけない。そして、一番忘れちゃいけないのは、君の目の前にいるあの人は、君とは違う「本当」を選んでいるかもしれない、ということだ。君の「本当」を誰かに押し付けるのはやめた方がいい。だからと言って誰かの「本当」を何も考えずに採用するのもあまりおすすめしない。君が努力すべきなのは、2つの「本当」をひとつにすることじゃなくて、それぞれの「本当」のどこが同じで、どこが違っているかをちゃんと理解することだ。検索サイトの使い方に話を戻そう。でも、ここまで書いたことを君がちゃんと理解してくれているなら、君は前よりずっと検索サイトを使うのがうまくなっているはずだ。もし君が「事実」とか「真実」とか「正しい」とか「本当」なんていう言葉に出くわしたら、まず考えなくちゃいけないのは、「それが誰にとって正しいのか」ということだ。君が見ている世界と、彼や彼女が見ている世界は違う。まず想像力をフル回転させて、彼や彼女の目から見たら、この世界はどんな風に見えるかを想像してみることだ。彼が嘘をついているわけじゃない、彼女が間違っているわけでもない。彼や彼女には世界がそういう風に見えているんだ。このことさえいつも気にかけていれば、ただの口汚い罵り言葉や、ページのあちこちに張り付いている邪魔な広告からだって、情報を手に入れることができる。「インターネットはごみ情報ばかりで役に立たない」なんて言っている人は、たぶんこういうものの見方を知らないんじゃないかな。例を出そうか。「世界で一番有名なコーヒーメーカー」という君の選んだ言葉には、少なくともふたつの意味がある。ひとつは、朝ごはんの食卓や、喫茶店の奥でこぽこぽ良い香りを立てているあの機械のこと。もうひとつは、コーヒーを作っている会社のことだ(知っていると思うけど、「メーカー」という言葉には「製造会社」という意味がある)。普通は一方のことが知りたいと思っている人には、もう一方の情報は要らない。でも、ちょっと考えてほしい。この言葉を聞いたときに君とはぜんぜん違うことを思い浮かべる人がいる。たとえば、コーヒーを作っている会社の社長さんは「世界一有名なコーヒーメーカー？え、それってうちのこと？」と思うかもしれない。もし、彼が君の目の前にずらっと並んでいる検索結果を見たらどんな風に見えると思う？あるいは、彼がホームページを作ったらどんなページになるだろうか？ほら、少し検索結果が違うものに見えてこないか？これが、インターネットをうまく使いこなすコツだ。そして、たぶん、この世界とうまくやっていくための秘訣だと思う。君はそろそろ、僕が何者で、なぜこんな文章を書いているのかを考え始めてくれているかもしれない。そう、そうじゃなくちゃ。今じゃなくてもいい、いつか君が、僕がなぜこの文章を書こうと思ったかに気づいてくれたら、とても嬉しい。大丈夫、いつか君が情報を受け取る側じゃなく、発信する側になったときには、きっと納得がいくと思う。ずいぶん長くなったけれど、僕の「本当」はここに書いておいた。次は君の番だ。さて、僕の話はこれでおしまい。最後まで読んでくれてありがとう。そして、ようこそインターネットへ！( Jul. 07 2005 updated )
A reader recently e-mailed to ask if anyone else was suggesting , as I have done , that Hezbollah ’s rocket fire may not be quite as indiscriminate or maliciously targeted at Israeli civilians as is commonly assumed .
I had to admit that I have been plowing a lonely furrow on this one .
Still , that is no reason in itself to join everyone else , even if the consensus includes every mainstream commentator as well as groups such as Human Rights Watch .
First , let us get my argument straight .
I have not claimed , as most of my critics wish to argue , that Hezbollah targets only military sites or that it never aims at civilians .
According to the Israeli army , more than 3,300 rockets have hit Israel over the past four weeks .
How can I know , or even claim to know , where all those rockets have landed , or know what the Hezbollah operatives who fired each rocket intended to hit ?
I have never made such claims .
What I have argued instead is twofold .
First , we cannot easily know what Hezbollah is trying to hit because Israel has located most of its army camps , weapons factories , and military installations near or inside civilian communities .
If a Hezbollah rocket slams into an Israeli town with a weapons factory , should we count that as an attack on civilians or on a military site ?
The claim being made against Hezbollah in Lebanon  that it is " cowardly blending " with civilians , according to the UN ’s Jan Egeland  can , in truth , be made far more convincingly of the Israeli army .
While there has been little convincing evidence that Hezbollah is firing its rocket from towns and villages in south Lebanon , or that its fighters are hiding there among civilians , it can be known beyond a shadow of a doubt that Israeli army camps and military installations are based in northern Israeli communities .
An obvious point that no one seems to be making  and given a news blackout that lasted several hours , Israel clearly hoped no one would make  is that the 12 soldiers who were killed on Sunday in Kfar Giladi by a Hezbollah rocket were , under Egeland ’s definition , " cowardly blending " with the civilian population of that community .
We know there are still civilians in Giladi because their response to the rocket barrage was quoted in the Israeli media .
My second claim was that Israel ’s military censor is preventing foreign journalists based in Israel , myself included , from discussing where Hezbollah rockets are landing , and what they may be aimed at .
Under the censorship rules , it is impossible to mention any issue that touches on Israeli security or defense matters : the location of military installations , for example , cannot be divulged .
It is arguable whether it would actually be possible to report a Hezbollah strike that hit a military site inside Israel .
I therefore have to tread carefully in what I say next , relying on information that is already publicly available , but which at least challenges the simplistic view that Hezbollah is firing rockets either indiscriminately or willfully to kill civilians .
I draw on two pieces of coverage provided by BBC World .
On Tuesday , the BBC ’s Katya Adler reported from the northern community of Kiryat Shmona , which has taken the heaviest pounding from Hezbollah rockets and from which many of the local residents have fled over the past month .
As she stood on a central street describing the difficult conditions under which the remaining families were living , she had to shout over the rhythmic bark of what sounded like an Israeli tank close by firing into Lebanon .
She made no mention of what was doing the firing  and given the censorship laws , my assumption is she cannot .
But it does raise the question of how much of a civilian target Kiryat Shmona really is .
Consider also this .
Throughout the four weeks of fighting , the BBC has had a presenter and film crew at the top of an area of Haifa known as the Panorama , above the beautiful Bahai Gardens .
As the name suggests , from there the film crew has had an unrestricted view of the port and docks below and the wide arc of heavily developed shoreline that stretches up to Acre .
The spot where the BBC presenters have been standing , telling us regularly that they can hear the wail of sirens warning Haifa ’s residents to head for the shelters , is in the center of this sprawling ridge - top city , in one of the most heavily built up and inhabited areas of Haifa .
So why have the BBC ’s presenters been standing there calmly every day for weeks under the barrage of rockets ?
Because all the evidence suggests that Hezbollah has not been trying to hit the center of Haifa , where it would be certain of inflicting high casualties , whether its rockets were on target or slightly adrift .
Instead , as BBC presenters have repeatedly shown us , the overwhelming majority of rockets land either in the mostly - abandoned port area or fall short into the bay  and on the odd occasion travel a little too far , as one did on Sunday landing on an Arab neighborhood near the port and killing two inhabitants .
If Hezbollah ’s primary goal is to kill as many civilians as possible in Haifa , it seems to be going about it in a very strange manner indeed  unless we are to believe that none of its rockets could be fired the extra 1 km needed to hit central Haifa .
Instead , as is clear from the view shown by BBC cameras , the port includes many sites far more " strategic " than the roads , bridges , milk factories , and power stations Israel is destroying in Lebanon : it has the oil refinery , the naval docks , and other installations that , yes , I cannot mention because of the censorship laws .
At the very least , we should concede to Hezbollah that it is not always targeting civilians , and very possibly is not mainly targeting civilians , which might in part explain the comparatively low Israeli civilian casualty figures .
That said , there are two valid criticisms , both made by Human Rights Watch , of Hezbollah ’s rocket fire  though exactly the same or worse criticisms can be made of the Israeli army .
Those , unlike HRW , who single out Hezbollah are being either disingenuous or hypocritical .
One is that Hezbollah has filled many of its rockets with ball bearings .
Most critics of Hezbollah take this as conclusive proof that the group ’s only intent is to kill and injure civilians .
Anyone who has seen the damage done by a Katyusha rocket will realize that it is not a very powerful weapon : it essentially punches a hole in whatever it hits .
The biggest danger is from the shrapnel and from anything added  like ball bearings  that sprays out on impact .
The shrapnel can kill civilians nearby , of course , but it can also kill soldiers  as we saw at Kfar Giladi  and can puncture tanks containing flammable liquids such as petrol , causing explosions .
The damage inflicted by the ball bearings is not in itself proof that Hezbollah is trying to kill Israeli civilians , any more than Israel ’s use of far more lethal cluster bombs is proof that it wants to kill Lebanese civilians .
Both are acting according to the gruesome realities of war : they want to inflict as much damage as possible with each rocket strike .
That is deplorable , but so is war .
The second criticism made by HRW is that because Hezbollah ’s rockets are rudimentary and lack sophisticated guidance systems they are as good as indiscriminate .
That conclusion is wrong both logically and semantically .
As I have tried to show , the rockets are mostly not indiscriminate ( though presumably some misfire , as do Israeli missiles ) ; rather , they are not precise .
This , according to Human Rights Watch , still makes Hezbollah ’s rocket attacks war crimes .
That may be true , but it of course also means Israel ’s missile strikes and bombardment of Lebanon are war crimes on the same or a greater scale .
Hezbollah ’s strikes against civilians may be intentional or they may be the result of inaccurate guidance systems trying to hit military targets .
Israel ’s strikes against civilians are either intentional or the result of accurate guidance systems and very faulty , to the point of reckless , military intelligence .
Finally , what about the defense offered by Israel ’s supporters that its air force tries to avoid harming Lebanese civilians by leafleting them before an attack to warn them that they must leave ?
The argument ’s thrust is that only those who belong to Hezbollah or give it succor remain behind in south Lebanon and they are therefore legitimate targets .
( It ignores , of course , hundreds of civilians killed in areas that have not been leafleted or who were trying to flee , as ordered , when hit by an Israeli missile . )
Hezbollah , of course , has done precisely the same .
In speeches , its leader Hassan Nasrallah has repeatedly warned Israeli residents of areas like Haifa , Afula , Hadera , and Tel Aviv that Hezbollah will hit these cities with rockets days before it has actually done so .
Hezbollah can claim just as fairly that it has given Israelis fair warning of its attacks on civilian communities , and that any who remain have only themselves to blame .
This debate is important because it will determine in the coming months and years who will be blamed by the international community  and future historians  for committing war crimes .
Hezbollah deserves as fair a hearing as Israel , though at the moment it most certainly is not getting it .
Like every army in a war , Hezbollah may not be acting in a humane manner .
But it is demonstrably acting according to the same standards as the Israeli army  and possibly , given Israel ’s siting of military targets in civilian areas , higher ones .
The fact that the contrary view is almost universally held betrays our prejudices rather than anything about Hezbollah ’s acts .
TAP TO CALL US NOW ( 561 ) 220-0401
Some of the cartoons depict the Prophet Muhammad as a terrorist
Seven publications in France , Germany , the Netherlands , Italy and Spain all carried some of the drawings .
Their publication in Denmark led Arab nations to protest .
Islamic tradition bans depictions of the Prophet .
The owner of one of the papers to reprint - France Soir - has now sacked its managing editor over the matter .
The cartoons have sparked diplomatic sanctions and death threats in some Arab nations , while media watchdogs have defended publication of the images in the name of press freedom .
Reporters Without Borders said the reaction in the Arab world " betrays a lack of understanding " of press freedom as " an essential accomplishment of democracy . "
' Spiting Muslims '
France Soir and Germany 's Die Welt were among the leading papers to reprint the cartoons , which first appeared in Denmark last September .
The caricatures include drawings of Muhammad wearing a headdress shaped like a bomb , while another shows him saying that paradise was running short of virgins for suicide bombers .
France Soir originally said it had published the images in full to show " religious dogma " had no place in a secular society .
CARTOON ROW 30 Sept : Danish paper Jyllands - Posten publishes cartoons 20 Oct : Muslim ambassadors in Denmark complain to Danish PM 10 Jan : Norwegian publication reprints cartoons 26 Jan : Saudi Arabia recalls its ambassador 30 Jan : Gunmen raid EU 's Gaza office 31 Jan : Danish paper apologises 1 Feb : Papers in France , Germany , Italy and Spain reprint cartoons
In pictures : Cartoon outrage Outrage bemuses Denmark
But late on Wednesday its owner , Raymond Lakah , said he had removed managing editor Jacques Lefranc " as a powerful sign of respect for the intimate beliefs and convictions of every individual " .
Mr Lakah said : " We express our regrets to the Muslim community and all people who were shocked by the publication . "
The president of the French Council of the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , Dalil Boubakeur , had described France Soir 's publication as an act of " real provocation towards the millions of Muslims living in France " .
Other papers stood by their publication .
In Berlin , Die Welt argued there was a right to blaspheme in the West , and asked whether Islam was capable of coping with satire .
" The protests from Muslims would be taken more seriously if they were less hypocritical , " it wrote in an editorial .
La Stampa in Italy , El Periodico in Spain and Dutch paper Volkskrant also carried some of the drawings .
European Muslims spoke out against the pictures .
In Germany , the vice - chairman of the central council of Muslims said Muslims would be deeply offended .
" It was done not to defend freedom of the press , but to spite the Muslims , " Mohammad Aman Hobohm said .
Sanctions
Correspondents say the European papers ' actions have widened a dispute which has grown very serious for Denmark .
ART AND BLASPHEMY CHARGES 1989 : Iranian spiritual leader Ayatollah Khomeini calls on Muslims to kill British author Salman Rushdie for alleged blasphemy in his book The Satanic Verses 2002 : Nigerian journalist Isioma Daniel 's article about Prophet and Miss World contestants sparks deadly riots 2004 : Dutch film maker
Theo van Gogh killed after release of his documentary about violence against Muslim women 2005 : London 's Tate Britain museum cancels plans to display sculpture by John Latham for fear of offending Muslims after July bombings
The publication last September in Jyllands - Posten has provoked diplomatic sanctions and threats from Islamic militants across the Muslim world .
Foreign Minister Per Stig Moeller has postponed a trip to Africa because of the dispute .
Thousands of Palestinians protested against Denmark this week , and Arab ministers called on it to punish Jyllands - Posten .
Syria and Saudi Arabia have recalled their ambassadors to Denmark , while Libya said it was closing its embassy in Copenhagen and Iraq summoned the Danish envoy to condemn the cartoons .
The Danish - Swedish dairy giant Arla Foods says its sales in the Middle East have plummeted to zero as a result of the row , which sparked a boycott of Danish products across the region .
The offices of Jyllands - Posten had to be evacuated on Tuesday because of a bomb threat .
The paper had apologised a day earlier for causing offence to Muslims , although it maintained it was legal under Danish law to print them .
Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen welcomed the paper 's apology , but defended the freedom of the press .
Ariel J. Feldman , J. Alex Halderman , and Edward W. Felten — September 13 , 2006
Abstract
This paper presents a fully independent security study of a Diebold AccuVote - TS voting machine , including its hardware and software .
We obtained the machine from a private party .
Analysis of the machine , in light of real election procedures , shows that it is vulnerable to extremely serious attacks .
For example , an attacker who gets physical access to a machine or its removable memory card for as little as one minute could install malicious code ; malicious code on a machine could steal votes undetectably , modifying all records , logs , and counters to be consistent with the fraudulent vote count it creates .
An attacker could also create malicious code that spreads automatically and silently from machine to machine during normal election activities — a voting - machine virus .
We have constructed working demonstrations of these attacks in our lab .
Mitigating these threats will require changes to the voting machine ’s hardware and software and the adoption of more rigorous election procedures .
Full research paper [ PDF ]
( Workshop version [ PDF ] )
Executive summary
Frequently asked questions
Our reply to Diebold ’s response
Demonstration Video
Hi-res video and downloads
When I think about Lucy Liu and designer bags , I usually think of that Sex and the City episode in which she guest starred in .
Samantha just happens to have scored Lucy as a client , and spends most of the episode obsessed with getting a red Hermes Birkin bag .
She is so desperate that she name drops Lucy ’s name in hope of jumping straight to the top of the waiting list .
Of course the bag gets delivered to Lucy , by passing Samantha completely .
Well the tables have turned for Lucy recently in that she recently designed a limited edition bag together with luxury leather label , Tod’s .
A portion of the bag ’s sales will go towards the U.S. Fund for UNICEF .
There is a sneak peek for a select few on October 17 at the Todâ€™s Fall / Winter 2007 collection preview .
Dear Microsoft :
I can't help but noticing that this latest iPod killer situation is unfolding along the same lines as Origami .
It 's not too late to call the whole thing a ‘ market research experiment , ’ or to rebrand all your products under a new name to distract attention away from this boondoggle : Active - , Direct - , -.net , - Live !... how about - Kaboom ! ?
It must really grind your gears to see your 2006 vaporware initiative entirely fail to divert any attention away from the iPod .
What 's up with these journalists who are supposed to be publishing FUD ?
They just complain about everyone these days !
Then , after six months of efforts to backpedal on vaporware promises and put the final marketing touches on some rebranded hardware , what could be worse that finding that any hopes for profits - or even limited losses - on player hardware sales were effectively shot in the face by Apple 's price reductions across the iPod line ?
Bummer !
Of course , if this honeymoon with Toshiba does n't work out , no doubt your other PlaysForSure wives will be ready to take you back after you slink home in defeat , but what fun is that ?
Rally the troops and apply these ten simple strategies to salvage the half - assed efforts you ’ve already expended .
Win me over as a customer !
1. Start Small by competing against Creative in 2001 .
That way , you only have to outsmart some poorly designed hardware and awful software , rather than going head to head with the fifth generation of a popular , integrated , and well designed product with a huge installed base .
Oh sorry , too late for that .
Let me start over :
1 . Pick a fashionable color that is not turd brown .
How about , say , a desirable color ?
Do not look in your closet for inspiration , because tech nerd middle managers are not generally known to be snappy dressers .
2 . Offer to repurchase my Apple music collection , then buy my video dock , my Nike + sensor , my iPod camera connector , and then build functional equivalents that simply work effortlessly .
Haha , and flying pigs , too .
They make the best bacon .
3 . Pick a new name that does n't invoke a childish word for naughty bits , or wide expanses of barren sand .
How about something original and catchy , such as : Pod XP 2007 Premier Edition for the human ear .
4. Rename features to reflect what they do , rather than using abstract words that sound more like a struggling dotcom .
For example " Now with viral DRM to infect your friends with exploding media ! " instead of Pyxis .
5 . Design some cool new hardware instead of simply rebranding a Toshiba Gigabeat , which is already a failure in the market .
Just because the Xbox does n't make money does n't mean you can afford to lose money on an iPod killer .
You certainly are n't going to make any money on media downloads as long as Apple is around to keep prices low , and you ’ve already ran several failed partners through the shredder with those phony subscription plans that consumers hate .
6 . Oh the Humanity !
In the era of exploding battery panic , do not intentionally depict your product , is users , and its logo violently bursting into flames .
7 . Introduce a line of games that play on the device .
After losing untold billions of dollars in Xbox development , surely you have some ashes to scrape together on that front .
You did think of that already , right ?
8 . Stop churning out nerd crap and sell products widely marketable to a broad audience .
Nobody outside of Engadgizmodo cares about weird techie features that nobody will ever use .
And seriously , no one is looking to spend $ 300 for a personal FM radio , so focus on user 's own music , podcasts and movies .
What , no podcasts ?
Microsoft , try to work with me here .
They 're about to put Christmas stuff up at WalMart , so you need to get cranking on this before it turns into the biggest Bob you 've ever pulled .
9 . Create a product strategy that revolves around creating a great product that respects artists , rather than trying to shove another get - rich - quick licensing scheme down users ' throats , simply to lay claim to another industry so you can lock it up in a heavily taxed , draconian prison state .
10 . Ditch this whole Apple copycat plan and follow the Microsoft path to success :
Find a big dumb company trying to make a half - assed entry into the consumer market , then use their resources to establish your own software as a platform , and just when they realized you 've cleaned them out , drop them like a hot potato and run with your success .
Oh wait .
That 's what Apple just did to you !
It looks like you 've become the IBM of the mid-80s .
Good luck with the whole OS / 2 , I mean WMA thing , and well , I ca n’t say you ’ll be missed , but the world will be a better place without you around anyway .
Sincerely ,
I really like to hear from readers .
What do you think ?
Leave a comment or email me with your ideas .
Vim Cookbook
by Steve Oualline
This is the Vim cookbook page .
It contains short recipes for doing many simple and not so simple things in Vim .
You should already know the basics of Vim , however each command is explained in detail .
Each set of instructions is a complete package .
Feel free to pick and choose what you need .
Contents
Character twiddling
Interactively replacing one word with another
Interactively replacing one word with another ( command line method )
Replacing one word with another using one command
Moving Text ( Vi style commands )
Moving Text ( Visual mode )
Copying a block of text from one file to another
Copying a block of text from one file to another ( Visual Method )
Sorting a section ( Vi Style )
Sorting a section ( Visual Method )
Dealing with Makefile and other SOB files
Formatting a text paragraph
Finding a procedure in a C program
Drawing comment boxes
Reading a man page
Removing carriage returns from MS - DOS file
Trimming the blanks off an end of line
Oops , I left the file write protected
Changing " Last , First " to " First Last "
How to edit all the files containing a given word
How to edit all the files containing a given word using the built - in grep
If you type fast your fingers can easily get ahead of your mind .
Frequently people transpose characters .
For example the word " the " comes out " teh " .
To swap two characters , for example " e " with " h " , put the cursor on the cursor on the " e " and type xp .
The " x " command deletes a character ( the " e " ) and the " p " pastes it after the cursor ( which is now placed over the " h " . )
Here 's what you do :
1. 1G Go to the top of the document 2 . / idiot < enter >
Find the first occurrence of the word " idiot " 3 . cwmanager
Change the word ( cw ) to manager .
4 . n Repeat the last search ( find the next idiot . )
5 . . Repeat the last edit ( change one word to manager )
( If you do not want to change the word , skip this step . )
Repeat steps 4 and 5 until you have replaced all occurred .
The Virgin What !?
A church had just bought their first computer and were learning how to use it .
The church secretary decided to set up a form letter to be used in a funeral service .
Where the person 's name was to be she put in the word " < name > " .
When a funeral occurred she would change this word to the actual name of the departed .
One day , there were two funerals , first for a lady named Mary , then later one for someone named Edna .
So the secretary used global replace to change " < name > " to " Mary . "
So far so good .
Next she generated the service for the second funeral by changing the word " Mary " to " Edna . "
That was a mistake Imagine the Minister 's surprise when he started reading the part containing the Apostle 's Creed and saw , " Born of the Virgin Edna . "
Execute the command :
: %s/\<idiot\>/manager/gc
This command will make the change and pause after each change to give you a chance to confirm it .
You can enter " y " to accept the change or " n " to not accept it .
The parts of this command are :
: Enter command mode % Perform this command on all lines ( % is a synomim for the first to last line . ) s
The short form of the : substitute command .
/\<idiot\>/
This text specifies the text we are looking for wand want .
The \< tells Vim to match a word start and the \> tells
Vim to match the end of a word .
/ manager /
The replacement text gc
The flags .
These are g Global -- Change every occurance , not use the first one on each line c Confirm -- Ask before making each change
Use the command :
: %s/\<idiot\>/manager/g
The parts of this command are :
: Enter command mode % Perform this command on all lines ( % is a synomim for the first to last line . ) s
The short form of the : substitute command .
/\<idiot\>/
This text specifies the text we are looking for wand want .
The \< tells Vim to match a word start and the \> tells
Vim to match the end of a word .
/ manager /
The replacement text g Global flag --
This flag tells
Vim to change every occurance on the line , not use the first one .
Suppose you want to move a paragraphs from the top of the document to the bottom .
There are several ways of doing this .
In this example , we do it using Vi style command .
In the next section Moving Text ( Visual mode ) we do it using using the Vim visual commands .
To do the move the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Move the cursor to the top of the paragraph you want to move .
2 . ma Place a mark named " a " at this location .
( Vim will give you no indication that this command has been executed .
In other words , the screen will not change . )
3 . Move the cursor to the bottom of the paragraph to be moved .
4 . d'a Delete to mark " a " .
This puts the deleted text in a cut buffer .
5 . Move the cursor to line where the text is to go .
The paragraph will be placed after this one .
6 . p Paste the text in below the cursor .
Suppose you want to move a paragraphs from the top of the document to the bottom .
There are several ways of doing this .
In this example , we do it using the Vim Visual mode .
In the previous section Moving Text ( old method ) we do it using using the Vi style commands .
To do the move the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Move the cursor to the top of the paragraph you want to move .
2 . v Start visual mode .
( If you want to move only full lines , use the V command which starts visual line mode .
3 . Move the cursor to the bottom of the paragraph to be moved .
The text to be moved will be hightlighted .
4 . d Perform a visual delete .
In other words delete the highlighted text .
5 . Move the cursor to line where the text is to go .
The paragraph will be placed after this one .
6 . p Paste the text in below the cursor .
There is more than one way to copy text between files .
In this section we use the more triditionally Vi commands .
In the next section Copying using visual mode , we perform the same operations using the Visual mode .
To copy a block of text between files execute the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Edit the file containing the text you want to copy .
2 . Go to the top line to be copied .
3 . ma Mark this line as mark " a " .
4 . Go to the bottom line to be copied 5 . y'a Yank ( y ) the text from the current cursor location to the mark " a " ( 'a ) 6 . :split second - file Open another window containing the second file .
( This the file in which the text is to be inserted . )
7 . Go to the line where the insert is to occur .
The text will be place after this line .
8 . p Put the text after the cursor .
There is more than one way to copy text between files .
In this section we use the newer visual mode commands .
See the previous section for the older Vi Style of doing things .
To copy a block of text between files execute the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Edit the file containing the text to be copied .
2 . Go to the top line to be copied .
3 . v Start visual mode .
If you want to copy a block of full lines , use V to go start Visual Line Mode 4 .
Go to the bottom line to be copied .
The text to be copied will be hightlighted .
5 . y Yank ( y ) the text .
6 . :split second - file Open another window containing the second file .
( This the file in which the text is to be inserted . )
7 . Go to the line where the insert is to occur .
The text will be place after this line .
8 . p Put the text after the cursor .
Frequently you will be editing a file with a list of names in it .
For example , a list of object files that make up a program .
For example :
version .o pch.o getopt.o util.o getopt1.o inp.o patch . o backupfile.o
This list would be nice in alphabetical order .
Or at least ASCII order .
To alphabetize this list execute the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Move the cursor to the first line to be sorted .
2 . ma Mark the first line as mark a .
3 . Move to the bottom of the text to be sorted .
4 . !'asort
The !
command tells
Vim to run the text through UNIX command .
The 'a tell the editor that the text to be worked on starts at the current line and ends at mark a .
The command that the text is to go through is sort .
The result looks like :
backupfile .o getopt.o getopt1.o inp.o patch .o pch.o util.o version .o
In actual practice what you in most Makefiles ( file that are used by UNIX to control compilation ) looks more like :
OBJS = \ version . o \ pch.o \ getopt.o \ util .o \ getopt1.o \ inp.o \ patch .o \ backupfile .o
Notice that the backslash ( \ ) is used to indicate a continuation line .
After sorting this looks like :
OBJS = \ backupfile .o getopt.o \ getopt1.o \ inp.o \ patch .o \ pch.o \ util .o \ version .o \
The names are in order , but the backslashes are wrong .
Do n't forget to fix them using normal editing before continuing .
OBJS = \ backupfile .o \ getopt.o \ getopt1.o \ inp.o \ patch .o \ pch.o \ util .o \ version .o
Frequently you will be editing a file with a list of names in it .
For example , a list of object files that make up a program .
For example :
version .o pch.o getopt.o util.o getopt1.o inp.o patch . o backupfile.o
This list would be nice in alphabetical order .
Or at least ASCII order .
To alphabetize this list execute the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Move the cursor to the first line to be sorted .
2 . V Enter visual line mode 3 .
Move to the bottom of the text to be sorted .
4 . ! sort The !
command tells
Vim to run the hightlighted text through UNIX command .
The command that the text is to go through is sort .
Warning
Check out the sort warning section for a short description of the problems that can result from using this command .
One problem with the file format used by the UNIX make command is that it 's extremely fussy .
For example , the following is correct :
prog : prog.c cc - g -o prog prog.c
The following is not :
prog : prog.c cc - g -o prog prog.c
At first glance you might think that these two are exactly .
But look closer .
The " cc " line of the first one begins with a tab .
The second one begins with eight spaces .
( You can't tell the difference between a space and a tab when it 's printed on the screen !
You need a better video card . )
So how are you supposed to tell them apart especially when one the screen ( or the printed page ) they look exactly the same .
The answer is you can't .
You might think that 's a bit unfair .
Especially when make works on the first one but not the second .
But who every said UNIX was fair .
Fortunately Vim has a mode that tells you exactly what 's in your file .
Executing the command
: set list
prog : prog.c$ ^ Icc - g - o prog prog .c $
and
prog : prog.c$ cc - g -o prog prog .c $
From this it 's easy to see which line has the tab .
The Vim editor is not a word processor .
Boy is it not a word processor .
There are a couple of things you can do to make things better for you when editing text .
Word processors automatically wrap when you type a line that 's longer than the margins .
The Vim editor lets make a line as long as you want .
By executing the command :
: set wrapmargin=70
you can tell Vim to automatically break lines when the run longer than 70 characters .
( You can adjust this number to whatever line length you want . )
This makes entering text much easier .
It does n't solve the problem of editing .
If you enter a paragraph and then decide to delete half the words on the first line , Vim will not reformat the text .
You can force a reformat of a paragraph by executing the commands :
Command Explaination 1 . Move to the top of the paragraph .
2 . gq} The " ! " command tells
Vim to pipe a section of text through a filter .
The } tells
Vim that the section of text for the pipe command is a single paragraph .
3 . fmt - 70 The UNIX command fmt is a primitive formatter .
It performs word - wrapping well enough for text documentation .
The - 70 tells fmt to format lines for 70 characters per line .
The Vim program was designed by programmers for programmers .
You can use it to locate procedures within a set of C or C++ program files .
But first you must generate a table of contest file called a " tags " file .
( This file has been given the obvious name tags . )
The ctags command generates this table of contents files .
To generate a table of contents of all the C program files in your current working directory , use the command :
$ ctags *.c
For C++ use the command :
$ ctags *.cpp
If you use an extension other than .cpp for your C++ files , use it instead of .cpp .
Once this file is generated , you tell Vim that you want edit a procedure , and it will find the file containing that procedure and position you there .
For example if you want to edit the procedure write_file use the command :
$ vim -t write_file
Now suppose as you are looking at the write_file procedure that it calls setup_data and you need to look at that procedure .
To jump to that function , position the cursor at the beginning of the word setup_data and press Ctrl+ ] .
This tells Vim to jump to the definition of this procedure .
This repositioning will occur even if Vim has to change files to do so .
Note :
I like to put a big comment box at the top of each of my procedures .
For example :
/*******************************************************
* Program -- Solve it --
Solves the worlds problems .
* * All of them .
At once .
This will be a great * * program when I finish it .
* *******************************************************/
Drawing these boxes like this is tedious at best .
But Vim has a nice feature called abbreviations that makes things easier .
First , you need to create a Vim initialization file called ~/.vimrc .
( At first this may look like a ex initialization file .
It is .
The Vim command is actually a mode of the ex editor . )
The ~/.vimrc file need to contain the lines :
:ab #b /************************************************ :ab #e ************************************************/
These command define a set of Vim abbreviations .
What 's a Vim abbreviation ?
Its a word that stands for another word .
When Vim see the abbreviation , it will expand it to the full word .
In this case we 've defined an abbreviation called #b that expands to the beginning line of a comment box .
The #e abbreviation does the same thing .
So to create a comment box enter # b< enter > .
The screen looks like :
/************************************************
#e<enter >
Note :
This page was written in Vim .
So how did we enter the #b and #e ?
Easy , we typed in #bb and the deleted a character .
( We could n't enter #b or it would have been expanded . )
Some other useful commands that programmer may want to put in their ~/.exrc include :
: set autoindent : set autowrite :ab #d #define :ab # i #include :ab # b /************************************************ :ab #e ************************************************/ :ab #l /*----------------------------------------------*/ :set sw=4
The autoindent setting causes Vim to indent new lines by a similar amount to the one next to them .
This is very useful for entering programs .
The autowrite setting tells Vim to write the old file out when switching from one file to another .
The abbreviations #d , # i , and #l , define useful terms for programmers .
Finally , the command set sw=4 sets the shift width ( the number of characters text is moved sideways for the shift command ( << and >> ) ) .
This is very useful if you use a 4 space indentation for your C or C++ programs .
( Studies at Rice University have shown this to be the best indentation size . )
You can use the Vim editor to browse through text files .
One of the most useful set of files to browse through is the man pages .
To do this we assemble a pipeline of three command .
The first is man which gets the page .
The next one , ul turns the underline and bold escape codes into something readable , and finally we use Vim to broswe the file .
So our command is :
$ man subject | ul - i | vim -
The man page will be generated and then displayed in the Vim window .
You can now use your normal editing commands to browse the files .
If you ever try to edit a MS - DOS file , you 'll notice that each line ends with a ^M character .
This is caused by the funny way that MS - DOS treats the end - of - line .
( For some background on this problem take a look at The EOL Story .
To remove the ^M characters from a MS - DOS file , enter the command :
:1,$s/{Ctrl+V}{Ctrl+M}//{Enter}
:
{ Ctrl+V}
{ Ctrl+M}
{ Enter}
{ Ctrl+V}
//
: 1, $s / [ < tab > ] *$//
The colon ( :) tells Vim to enter ex command mode .
All ex commands start with a line range , in this case , the entire file ( line 1 to the last line : $ ) .
The first set of slashes enclose the " from text " .
The square brackets indicate that either character can be a match .
So [ < tab > ] matches either space or tab .
The star ( * ) means that the previous character specification ( space or tab ) can be repeated any of number times .
The dollar ( $ indicates an end of line .
So [ < tab > ] *$ tells
Vim to look for any number of spaces or tabs followed by an end of line .
These are then replaced by the text in the next set of slashes .
This text is nothing , so the spaces and tabs are effectively removed .
Say your editing a file and you 've made a lot of changes .
This is a very important file and to preserve it from any casual changes , you 've write protected it , even against yourself .
The Vim editor allows you to edit a write protected file with little or no warning .
The only trouble is that when you try to exit using " ZZ " you get the error :
file.txt
File is read only
and Vim does n't exit .
So what can you do ?
You do n't want to throw away all those changes , but you need to get out of Vim so you can turn on write permission .
The trick is to execute the : shell command .
This command takes you out of Vim by starting a command processor ( shell ) running under Vim
You can then write enable the file :
$ chmod u+w file.txt
$ exit
Finally you need to force Vim to write the file using the command :
:w!
!
Note :
It is a good idea to only spend as short a time as possible in a command processor started by the : shell command .
That 's because it 's easy to forget that you 're running under Vim .
It 's possible to start a shell , that starts Vim , that starts a shell , that starts Vim , that ....
Using this method you can easily consume a lot of resources and generate a lot of confusion .
By keeping your : shell sessions short you can avoid lots of trouble .
You have a list of names in the form :
Last , First
How to you change them to :
First Last
: 1,$s /\( [ ^ , ] *\ ) , \(.*$\)/\2 \1 /
:
The line range for this command is the whole file as indicated by the range 1 , $ .
The s ( substitute ) tells Vim to do a string substitution .
The old text is a complex regular expression .
The \( ... \) delimiters are used to inform the editor that the text that matches the regular expression side is to be treated special .
The text in the first \( ... \ ) is assigned to \1 in the replacement text .
The second set of text inside \( ... \ ) is assigned \ 2 and so on .
In this case the first regular expression is any bunch of characters that does not include a comma .
The [ ^ , ] means anything but a comma , the * means a bunch ( zero or more characters ) .
The second expression matches anything : .* up to the end of line : $ .
The result of this substitution is that the first word on the line is assigned to \1 and the second to \ 2 .
These values are used in the end of the command to reverse the word .
The figure below shows the relationship between the \( \ ) enclosed strings and the \ 1 , \ 2 markers .
: 1,$s /\( [ ^ , ] *\ ) , \(.*$\ ) /\2 \ 1 / ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^^ ^ ^ || || || ||| | +-----
String matched by || || || ||| | first \( \ ) || || || ||| +---------
String matched by || || || ||| second \( \ ) || || || ||+-----------
Slash separating || || || || old / new strings || || ++---++------------
Second \( \)
++-----++---------------------
First \( \)
The next figure breaks out the various parts of the regular expressions used in this example .
: 1,$s /\( [ ^ , ] *\ ) , \(.*$\)/\2 \ 1 / ^^^^^ ^^ ^^^ | | ||| || ||+---
The end of the line | | ||| || |+----
Repeated 0 or more time | | ||| || +-----
Any character | | ||| || +++---
Any character , repeated , | | ||| || followed by EOL | | ||| |+--------
The character space |
|
||| +---------
The character comma |
|
||+------------
Repeated 0 or more times |
||+-------------
Closes the [ ] expression ||+--------------
The character comma |+---------------
Match anything except the | next character +----------------
Starts a set of matches ++++-------------
Match anything but comma +------------
Repeated 0 or more times +---------
Followed by comma
This involves the fgrep as well as the special shell character backtick ( ` ) .
To edit all the C program files that contain the word indentation_level execute the command :
$ vim `fgrep -l indentation_level *.c`
The fgrep -l indentation_level *.c searches all the files ending with .c for the word and lists them out .
Since this command is enclosed in backtick ( ` ) characters the results of the command ( a list of files ) takes the place of the command on the command line .
The Vim editor is then run on these files .
The commands : n{Enter} and : rew {Enter} can then be used to browse through the files .
Start Vim .
Execute the command :
: grep > word < > file-list <
Getty Images
IF CANNABIS were unknown , and bioprospectors were suddenly to find it in some remote mountain crevice , its discovery would no doubt be hailed as a medical breakthrough .
Scientists would praise its potential for treating everything from pain to cancer , and marvel at its rich pharmacopoeia — many of whose chemicals mimic vital molecules in the human body .
In reality , cannabis has been with humanity for thousands of years and is considered by many governments ( notably America 's ) to be a dangerous drug without utility .
Any suggestion that the plant might be medically useful is politically controversial , whatever the science says .
It is in this context that , on April 20th , America 's Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) issued a statement saying that smoked marijuana has no accepted medical use in treatment in the United States .
The statement is curious in a number of ways .
For one thing , it overlooks a report made in 1999 by the Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) , part of the National Academy of Sciences , which came to a different conclusion .
John Benson , a professor of medicine at the University of Nebraska who co-chaired the committee that drew up the report , found some sound scientific information that supports the medical use of marijuana for certain patients for short periods — even for smoked marijuana .
This is important , because one of the objections to marijuana is that , when burned , its smoke contains many of the harmful things found in tobacco smoke , such as carcinogenic tar , cyanide and carbon monoxide .
Yet the IOM report supports what some patients suffering from multiple sclerosis , AIDS and cancer — and their doctors — have known for a long time .
This is that the drug gives them medicinal benefits over and above the medications they are already receiving , and despite the fact that the smoke has risks .
That is probably why several studies show that many doctors recommend smoking cannabis to their patients , even though they are unable to prescribe it .
Patients then turn to the black market for their supply .
Another reason the FDA statement is odd is that it seems to lack common sense .
Cannabis has been used as a medicinal plant for millennia .
In fact , the American government actually supplied cannabis as a medicine for some time , before the scheme was shut down in the early 1990s .
Today , cannabis is used all over the world , despite its illegality , to relieve pain and anxiety , to aid sleep , and to prevent seizures and muscle spasms .
For example , two of its long - advocated benefits are that it suppresses vomiting and enhances appetite — qualities that AIDS patients and those on anti-cancer chemotherapy find useful .
So useful , in fact , that the FDA has licensed a drug called Marinol , a synthetic version of one of the active ingredients of marijuana — delta - 9 - tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) .
Unfortunately , many users of Marinol complain that it gets them high ( which is n't what they actually want ) and is not nearly as effective , nor cheap , as the real weed itself .
This may be because Marinol is ingested into the stomach , meaning that it is metabolised before being absorbed .
Or it may be because the medicinal benefits of cannabis come from the synergistic effect of the multiplicity of chemicals it contains .
Just what have you been smoking ?
THC is the best known active ingredient of cannabis , but by no means the only one .
At the last count , marijuana was known to contain nearly 70 different cannabinoids , as THC and its cousins are collectively known .
These chemicals activate receptor molecules in the human body , particularly the cannabinoid receptors on the surfaces of some nerve cells in the brain , and stimulate changes in biochemical activity .
But the details often remain vague — in particular , the details of which molecules are having which clinical effects .
More clinical research would help .
In particular , the breeding of different varieties of cannabis , with different mixtures of cannabinoids , would enable researchers to find out whether one variety works better for , say , multiple sclerosis - related spasticity while another works for AIDS - related nerve pain .
However , in the United States , this kind of work has been inhibited by marijuana 's illegality and the unwillingness of the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) to license researchers to grow it for research .
Since 2001 , for example , Lyle Craker , a researcher at the University of Massachusetts , has been trying to obtain a licence from the DEA to grow cannabis for use in clinical research .
After years of prevarication , and pressure on the DEA to make a decision , Dr Craker 's application was turned down in 2004 .
Today , the saga continues and a DEA judge ( who presides over a quasi- judicial process within the agency ) is hearing an appeal , which could come to a close this summer .
Dr Craker says that his situation is like that described in Joseph Heller 's novel , “ Catch 22 ” .
“ We can say that this has no medical benefit because no tests have been done , and then we refuse to let you do any tests .
The US has gotten into a bind , it has made cannabis out to be such a villain that people blindly say ‘ no ' . ”
Anjuli Verma , the advocacy director of the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , a group helping Dr Craker fight his appeal , says that even if the DEA judge rules in their favour , the agency 's chief administrator can still decide whether to allow the application .
And , as she points out , the DEA is a political organisation charged with enforcing the drug laws .
So , she says , the ACLU is in this for the long haul , and is already prepared for another appeal — one that would be heard in a federal court in the normal judicial system .
Ms Verma 's view of the FDA 's statement is that other arms of government are putting pressure on the agency to make a public pronouncement that conforms with drug ideology as promulgated by the White House , the DEA and a number of vocal anti-cannabis congressmen .
In particular , the federal government has been rattled in recent years by the fact that eleven states have passed laws allowing the medical use of marijuana .
In this context it is notable that the FDA 's statement emphasises that it is smoked marijuana which has not gone through the process necessary to make it a prescription drug .
( Nor would it be likely to , with all of the harmful things in the smoke . )
The statement 's emphasis on smoked marijuana is important because it leaves the door open for the agency to approve other methods of delivery .
High hopes
Donald Abrams , a professor of clinical medicine at the University of California , San Francisco , has been working on one such option .
He is allowed by the National Institute on Drug Abuse ( the only legal supplier of cannabis in the United States ) to do research on a German nebuliser that heats cannabis to the point of vaporisation , where it releases its cannabinoids without any of the smoke of a spliff , and with fewer carcinogens .
That is encouraging .
But it does not address the wider question of which cannabinoids are doing what .
For that , researchers need to be able to do their own plant - breeding programmes .
In America , this is impossible .
But it is happening in other countries .
In 1997 , for example , the British government asked Geoffrey Guy , the executive chairman and founder of GW Pharmaceuticals , to come up with a programme to develop cannabis into a pharmaceutical product .
In the intervening years , GW has assembled a “ library ” of more than 300 varieties of cannabis , and obtained plant - breeder 's rights on between 30 and 40 of these .
It has found the genes that control cannabinoid production and can specify within strict limits the seven or eight cannabinoids it is most interested in .
And it knows how to crossbreed its strains to get the mixtures it wants .
Nor is this knowledge merely academic .
Last year , GW gained approval in Canada for the use of its first drug , Sativex , which is an extract of cannabis sprayed under the tongue that is designed for the relief of neuropathic pain in multiple sclerosis .
Sativex is also available to a more limited degree in Spain and Britain , and is in clinical trials for other uses , such as relieving the pain of rheumatoid arthritis .
At the start of this year , the company made the first step towards gaining regulatory approval for Sativex in America when the FDA accepted it as a legitimate candidate for clinical trials .
But there is still a long way to go .
And that delay raises an important point .
Once available , a well - formulated and scientifically tested drug should knock a herbal medicine into a cocked hat .
No one would argue for chewing willow bark when aspirin is available .
But , in the meantime , there is unmet medical need that , as the IOM report pointed out , could easily and cheaply be met — if the American government cared more about suffering and less about posturing .
Neverdie is a popular character in the land of Project Entropia
Jon Jacobs , aka Neverdie , won the auction for the as yet unnamed resort in the game , which lets thousands of players interact with each other .
Entropia also allows gamers to buy and sell virtual items using real cash .
The space station is billed as a " pleasure paradise " .
Last year , a gamer bought an island for $ 26,500 ( £ 13,700 ) .
The space station is described as a " monumental project " in the " treacherous , but mineral rich " Paradise V Asteroid Belt and comes with mining and hunting taxation rights .
With the price tag also comes mall shopping booth and market stall owner deeds , a land management system , a billboard marketing system , and space station naming rights .
Neverdie is a popular and well - known in - game character .
He and another character , Island Girl , appeared in a 2003 dance music movie Hey DJ ! , which starred Jon Jacobs , Charlotte Lewis , and Tina Leiu .
Money for growth
Entropia has 236,000 registered accounts .
In the game , players exchange real currency with PEDs ( Project Entropia Dollars ) .
A virtual island was bought in the game last year
The Entropia economy lets gamers exchange real currency into PED ( Project Entropia Dollars ) and back again into real money .
Ten PEDs are the equivalent to one US dollar and typical items sold include Repedge battle axes at 4.55 PEDs and Angelic Flakes at 1.48 PEDs .
The currency means that players , or members , can invest in personal development and growth by buying up goods , buildings , and land in the Entropia universe .
Project Entropia is set on a distant planet called Calypso which is made up of two continents with large expanding cities .
As President Hu Jintao prepares to visit the US next week for the first time as China 's leader , he represents a country whose popular understanding of America has become more diverse , yet whose negative impression of the US as a " bully " and " rival " continues to deepen , particularly among young people .
The US is seen by urban Chinese through a complex love - hate relationship , and through a lens shaped both by official propaganda and a greater number of personal impressions .
In recent years , views on the US have intensified as many Chinese feel more pride about the rise of their nation , say experts and ordinary people .
Many Chinese still feel a century - old sense that America is young and flexible , a " sunshine society , " a place of wealth and generosity where laws are made to protect people , as one Beijing scholar here puts it .
At the same time , more Chinese describe the US as trying to keep China poor , say it is trying to block China 's rise as a world power since the US is weakening , and argue that the US media is more critical of China and Chinese leaders than it is to its own society and leaders .
" Most Americans are very kind , " says Luo , a philosophy student whose comments were typical .
" But now [ after 9/11 ] , the Americans do n't care about the rest of the world , what is happening in other places , except when it concerns their own lives . "
" What I hear is , ' I want my kids to go to school in the US , I want to go there on vacation , ' " says a Western diplomat .
" But at the same time [ Chinese say ] America is acting like China 's enemy . "
For college student Li Zhao , America is the California coast that actor Dustin Hoffman drives in " The Graduate , " her favorite US film .
For engineer Wang Yue , it is a grinning , gun-toting soldier wearing desert camouflage .
For
Yi , the US is a picket - fence neighborhood with lots of dogs , where " everyone says hello in the morning . "
Such views tumble out at the " English Corner , " a weekly gabfest of English students from all over Beijing at People 's University .
Across the street , " War of the Worlds " is playing at one of the biggest film theaters in Beijing .
This is mostly a sympathetic crowd .
They are interested in US lifestyles , sports , films , food : bowling , foos ball ( a new rage ) , pizza , wealth .
They speak of the US role in defeating Japan in World War II , of helping Beijing get the 2008 Olympics , and American concern over the 1989 Tiananmen massacre .
Ms. Li leads an explication of the song " Scarborough Fair . "
One enterprising Chinese working for a joint venture compared the maturing Chinese view of America to the popularity of name - brand restaurants .
Currently , Pizza
Hut is the hottest restaurant in China , with long lines in the evenings .
" Pizza Hut is the McDonald 's of 10 years ago , " she says .
" We used to think the US was McDonald's .
Now we think it is a grownup restaurant , where you use knives and forks .
People go because despite what you hear , the West is still cool in our minds . "
Yet even at English Corner , deep suspicions are articulated about the US .
" Anti-Americanism is building , and getting bigger , " says a graduate student who did not give his name .
" This feeling used to be due to propaganda .
But now so many Chinese feel it , that no propaganda is needed . "
Perhaps propaganda is not needed .
But it is not as if Chinese have a choice .
State - run media in China is an arm of the central propaganda department , and no paper dares to run material on US - China relations that is unapproved .
The Chinese " unofficial " position is constantly mixed with the view that America is constantly undermining China .
An American college student in Beijing recently read a Chinese textbook stating that Martin Luther King Jr. never had the sympathy or help of white Americans , and that blacks in the south are hated by whites .
" It was n't even entirely true in the 1950s civil rights movement period , " commented the student , who hails from Atlanta , Ga .
However , different positions are constantly being tailored and tested in elite circles in Beijing .
Last week before
Hu was to go to Washington , for example , a line went out that while the American war in Iraq was a disaster , it still showed that Americans really cared about democracy .
If the war had been only about oil , as was thought in oil - hungry China last year , then the Americans would not still be sacrificing blood and treasure to bring about new politics in Baghdad .
Current popular anti-American sentiments are almost a complete reverse of feelings in the 1980s , scholars say , when US - China relations were warming .
" We thought the US was our future , " says one .
This friendly sense peaked after the Tiananmen massacre of June 4 , when , in the words of one European diplomat , " The general sense of the Chinese people was that the US government was more a friend to them than their own government was . "
Chinese leaders were so concerned about this sentiment that an aggressive propaganda policy was pursued to reverse it .
Yet after the Asian monetary crisis ; the US accidental bombing of the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade during the Kosovo war ; after the downing of a US spy plane in 2001 ; the war in Iraq ; and as the US has currently intensified relations with Japan - America is perceived in China as pursuing " a pattern of aggressive policies . "
A recent public poll of Chinese in five cities found that Chinese who see the US as " a friendly country , a model of imitation and a cooperation partner , " were 10.4 percent , 11.7 percent , and 25.6 percent respectively .
Some 57 percent felt the US was " containing China , " according to the poll , overseen by an American studies institute at the China Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing and the Global Times .
At the English Corner , some older Chinese argue that the pursuit of objective knowledge of America has given way by younger Chinese to the issue of whether America is treating China equally , as a great power .
The official teaching of America in schoolbook texts in China has evolved from the 1949 term " imperialist , " to the current term , " hegemonic , " adopted in the 1980s .
Yet in a society with 395 million TV owners , with 93 million Chinese on the Internet , and as most urban Chinese usually know someone who has visited the US , the picture of America is highly diverse .
" We all have our official view , and our unofficial view , " states a Chinese scholar in Beijing .
Under President
Hu , a new official view of the US is replacing what is seen as the more sentimental view of Jiang Zemin , Hu's predecessor .
In the new view , China and the US may never be friends , but can be good partners .
The current issue of Foreign Affairs magazine contains an airing of this view , by Wang Jisi , head of the Central Party School : " The Chinese - US relationship remains beset by more profound differences than any other bilateral relationship between major powers in the world today .
It is an extremely complex and highly paradoxical unity of opposites .... fundamental differences between their political systems and ideology have prevented the United States from viewing China as a peer , " Mr. Wang writes .
" In terms of state - to - state affairs , China and the United States cannot hope to establish truly friendly relations .
Yet the countries should be able to build friendly ties on nongovernmental and individual levels . "
In the US , Hu will join other world leaders at the UN .
He comes as Sino - US relations are being described as the most important in coming decades , but which are now strained enough to worry some in Beijing .
Hu 's advisers here are saying that Hu is eager to affirm to Americans that China has no problem with a US presence in Asia , that the two nations can be cooperative not confronting , and that China is not a threat .
Long before Google swooped in to buy up YouTube there were questions about the video sharing site 's future .
In particular , concerns relating to copyright infringement have persisted : can YouTube be sued , will they be sued ?
Will a sanitized YouTube be interesting ?
The recent acquisition by Google all but ensures that the site will remain under the infringe - o - scope of copyright holders for the near future .
In the first major mass removal of content in its history , YouTube has removed nearly 30,000 videos after being contacted by a number of Japanese rights - holders , according to the Japan Society for Rights of Authors , Composers and Publishers ( JASRAC ) .
The group says that its members found 29,549 videos on YouTube that contain unauthorized materials taken from Japanese sources , including movies , music videos , and television .
Japanese broadcast giant NHK was among those seeking the removal of materials .
A spokesperson JASRAC said that they were also considering petitioning YouTube for a better screening process .
Although YouTube is legally obligated to remove infringing material when notified , some copyright holders have expressed irritation at the notion that they need to police YouTube themselves .
The spokesperson also suggested that the number of videos to be removed is meant to send a message that this is not a minor problem .
Although the DMCA provides safe harbor protections for YouTube inside the United States , rights holders are still concerned that the posting of unauthorized material could hurt their businesses even when they are vigilant and police a site like YouTube .
Summary : Lack of Sex is interfearing with my ability to triage bugs →
Lack of Sex is interfering with my ability to triage bugs
Because many e-mails and documents are printed out for brief viewing and then soon discarded or recycled , Xerox invented printing technology that creates images that last only a day .
The technology , dubbed Erasable Paper , could lead to a significant reduction in the amount of paper used in an office , because once the image fades away , the paper can be used over and over .
" Despite our reliance on computers to share and process information , there is still a strong dependence on the printed page for reading and absorbing content , " said Paul Smith , a Xerox manager , in a written statement .
" Of course , we 'd all like to use less paper , but we know from talking with customers that many people still prefer to work with information on paper .
Self - erasing documents for short - term use offers the best of both worlds . "
Xerox estimates that two out of every five pages printed in an office are for one - day use , such as e-mails or reference materials that only are needed for a single viewing .
The company noted that it has filed patents on the Erasable Paper technology .
The experimental printing technology came out of a collaboration between the Xerox Research Centre of Canada and the Palo Alto Research Center .
According to an online release , the " aha " moment came for Xerox researchers when they developed compounds that change color when they absorb a certain wavelength of light but then will gradually disappear .
As it stands now , the paper erases itself in a 16 - to 24 - hour range .
The paper then can be reused .
Researchers at the Xerox Research Centre are working on the ink part of the equation , while scientists at PARC are working on building a machine that can print the image onto the special paper .
They are developing a prototype printer , according to Xerox , that creates the image using a light bar that provides a special wavelength of light as the writing source .
" This will remain a research project for some time , " said Eric Shrader , PARC area manager of industrial inkjet systems , in a written statement .
" Our experiments prove that it can be done , and that is the first step , but not the only one , to developing a system that is commercially viable . "
Mr Katsav could be impeached if found to have acted improperly
Meanwhile , parliament granted his request to step down temporarily in the light of the investigation .
This means Mr Katsav will not preside over the ceremony to swear in Israel 's first female chief justice of the Supreme Court on Thursday .
Dorit Beinish will be to be sworn in by Knesset speaker Dalia Itzik instead .
Mr Katsav had asked for the day - long suspension of his duties in order to prevent the controversy surrounding him overshadowing the ceremony .
The 61 - year - old father - of - five faces accusations that he abused his position of authority by forcing two female employees to have sex with him .
There are also allegations that he issued presidential pardons - one of the few powers of his office - illegally .
Mr Katsav denies all the allegations .
If charged , Mr Katsav would be immune from prosecution .
However , he can be impeached by parliament if it feels he acted inappropriately .
Mr Katsav is a veteran member of the right - wing Likud party , serving as transport minister in the late 1980s and in 1996 as minister of tourism and deputy prime minister .
He has held the office of president , a largely ceremonial role , since 2000 .
Vendors often pitch customization as a feature of their software :
In my experience , software customization is as much a danger as a benefit .
I am reminded of the Tar - Baby parable :
The Tar - Baby did n't say a thing .
" What is the matter with you then ?
Are you deaf ? " says Brer Rabbit , says he .
" Cause if you are , I can holler louder , " says he .
The Tar - Baby stayed still .
" You 're stuck - up , that 's what 's wrong with you .
You think you 're too good to talk to me , " says Brer Rabbit , says he .
" And I 'm going to cure you , that 's what I 'm going to do , " says he .
Tar - Baby did n't say a word .
" I 'm going to teach you how to talk to respectable folks if it's my last act , " says Brer Rabbit , says he .
" If you do n't take off that hat and say howdy , I 'm going to bust you wide open , " says he .
Tar - Baby stayed still .
Brer Rabbit kept on asking her why she would n't talk and the Tar - Baby kept on saying nothing until Brer Rabbit finally drew back his fist , he did , and blip -- he hit the Tar - Baby on the jaw .
But his fist stuck and he could n't pull it loose .
The tar held him .
But Tar - Baby , she stayed still .
" If you do n't let me loose , I 'm going to hit you again , " says Brer Rabbit , says he , and with that he drew back his other fist and blap - - he hit the Tar - Baby with the other hand and that one stuck fast too .
Tar - Baby she stayed still .
" Turn me loose , before I kick the natural stuffing out of you , " says Brer Rabbit , says he , but the Tar - Baby just sat there .
She just held on and then Brer Rabbit jumped her with both his feet .
Then Brer Rabbit yelled out that if that Tar - Baby did n't turn him loose , he was going to butt her crank - sided .
Then he butted her and his head got stuck .
Brer
Fox walked out from behind the bushes and strolled over to Brer Rabbit , looking as innocent as a mockingbird .
" Well , I expect I got you this time , Brer Rabbit , " says he .
" Maybe I do n't , but I expect I do .
You 've been around here sassing after me a mighty long time , but now it 's the end .
And then you 're always getting into something that 's none of your business , " says Brer Fox , says he .
" Who asked you to come and strike up a conversation with this Tar - Baby ?
And who stuck you up the way you are ?
Nobody in the round world .
You just jammed yourself into that Tar - Baby without waiting for an invitation , " says Brer Fox , says he .
The big loophole concerns policing the North ’s border with China .
The two countries had about $ 1.7 billion in trade last year .
The Chinese declaration Saturday cast doubt on the likelihood that China would inspect , much less stop , much of the trade moving across that border .
Speaking Saturday outside the White House , President Bush said the resolution sent “ a clear message to the leader of North Korea regarding his weapons programs .
This action by the United Nations , which was swift and tough , says that we are united in our determination to see to it that the Korea Peninsula is nuclear - weapons - free . ”
In addition to the sanctions and search regime , the resolution demands that North Korea abandon its illicit weapons programs and rejoin the nonproliferation treaty , and it calls on the government to return to the so - called six-nation talks involving South Korea , Japan , China , Russia and the United States .
[ On Sunday , Russia ’s deputy foreign minister , Aleksandr Y. Alekseyev , who arrived in Beijing following talks in North Korea , said , “ Several times the North Korean side returned to the question that the six - sided process should continue , that they have not rejected the six - sided negotiations and that the goal of the six - sided negotiations — the full denuclearization of the Korean peninsula — remains , ” according to the official Russian Information Agency . ]
A ban on the shipment of luxury goods in the resolution was particularly championed by Mr. Bolton and J. D. Crouch , the deputy national security adviser , as a way to harm the North ’s leader , Kim Jong - il , administration officials said .
Mr. Kim does not command the kind of loyalty that his father , Kim Il - sung , the country ’s father and “ Great Leader , ” did until his death in 1994 .
So instead , according to North Korean defectors , he buys allegiance with Mercedes - Benz cars , bottles of cognac and plenty of walking - around money .
Mr. Bolton alluded to that this week when he said that one intent of the resolution was to put Mr. Kim , who presides over a starving country but travels on luxurious train cars , on a diet .
He said that the resolution left Pyongyang “ utterly and totally isolated ” and that the government should see its only way back to international acceptance was “ abandoning weapons of mass destruction and not continuing to go after them . ”
Mr. Bolton said the measure was aimed at illicit activities of Pyongyang like “ money laundering , counterfeiting and selling of narcotics . ”
Those words , however , were removed to gain Chinese and Russian approval .
The final draft also dropped a broad arms embargo in favor of one just on heavy equipment like battle tanks , artillery systems , missiles and warships .
An X - ray image ( left ) of galaxy MS 0735.6+7421 record hot gas , revealing two vast cavities that contain almost none .
But each cavity contains a magnetized bubble of high - energy electrons , which emit radio waves ( right ) .
The largest explosion ever seen in space reveals black holes to be more influential than expected , perhaps sometimes stifling star formation in a galaxy while gobbling up trillions upon trillions of tons of gas .
The eruption has been ongoing for some 100 million years , astronomers said Wednesday .
The outburst is orchestrated by a supermassive black hole that anchors a distant galaxy sitting amid a tight cluster of galaxies .
The black hole has blown two huge bubbles into the galaxy , shoving aside a colossal amount of gas equal to the mass of a trillion Suns , or more than all the stars of our own Milky Way Galaxy .
Each bubble is many times bigger than those seen in previous studies .
Here 's what happens :
While the black hole feasts , a lot of incoming gas is ejected violently back into the galaxy along the black hole 's axis of rotation .
Two high - speed jets of superheated gas carve out the ever - expanding bubbles .
The scene was captured by NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the National Radio Astronomy Observatory 's Very Large Array .
Rare and puzzling
The explosive event , on a scale not expected , is the sort of thing that likely occurred frequently early in the history of galaxy construction , at a time when the universe was smaller and more crowded .
The eruption is 2.6 billion light - years away , compared to more than 12 billion light - years for the most distant known galaxies .
A light - year -- the distance light travels in one year -- is a measure of time , too , so the galaxy is more modern than many , seen as it existed well after the bulk of galaxy formation had taken place throughout the cosmos .
By relying on a standard assumption that 10 percent of the gravitational energy of the whole setup goes into launching the jets , the scientists calculated how much gas was swallowed during the 100 - million - year eruption .
They are surprised that there was enough gas available to this relatively modern black hole to fuel such an outburst .
" I was stunned to find that a mass of about 300 million Suns was swallowed , " said lead researcher Brian McNamara of Ohio University .
" This is almost as massive as the supermassive black hole that swallowed it . "
Other studies suggest supermassive black holes have not grown so significantly or rapidly in the recent past .
" The interesting issue is , what is the source of the fuel in this case ? " said Paul Nulsen of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center of Astrophysics .
He has some ideas .
" It might come from a merging galaxy , either gas and stars , or even another black hole falling into an existing black hole , " Nulsen told SPACE.com .
" It might also be a large amount of the hot X - ray emitting gas that cooled to low temperature .
Either way , it would represent the tail end of galaxy formation . "
The explosion is not likely the biggest in the universe , but it is the biggest so far measured .
Any larger explosions are probably further back in time , thus farther away and harder to detect and study .
" But it is unlikely that they were much bigger than this one , even in the very distant past , " McNamara said .
Size and power
The sizes of the two cavities indicate the power of the eruption , Nulsen said .
They are each about 650,000 light - years across .
A light - year is about 6 trillion miles ( 10 trillion kilometers ) .
A shock wave something like a sonic boom surrounds both of the bubbles .
It forms because the cavities expand so rapidly that the gas has to move very quickly to get out of their way .
The properties of the shock helped the researchers determine the energy of the outburst .
The observations could help solve a puzzle over why some galaxies do n't form stars at the rate theory predicts .
As a galaxy matures and cools down , star formation should increase .
The scientists figure expanding space bubbles continually replenish the galaxy and its surrounding cluster with energy .
" We think that the main effect of eruptions like this is to stop stars from forming by preventing hot gas from cooling down , " Nulsen said .
The results are detailed in the Jan. 6 issue of the journal Nature .
The astronomers do n't yet know if the eruption has been continuous , or whether there have been spurts of activity .
They do have an idea of what the future holds .
" The cavities and shock will dissipate , leaving behind very little trace of their existence , " Nulsen said .
SBaGen -- Binaural Beat Brain Wave Experimenter 's Lab
Intro | Mailing lists | Downloads | FAQ | TODO
Intro
Welcome to the world of Binaural Beats !
The theory behind binaural beats is that if you apply slightly different frequency sine waves to each ear , a beating affect is created in the brain itself , due to the brain 's internal wiring .
If , in the presence of these tones , you relax and let your mind go , your mind will naturally synchronize with the beat frequency .
In this way it is possible to tune the frequency of your brain waves to particular frequencies that you have selected , using of the four bands : Delta : deep sleep , Theta : dreaming and intuitive stuff , Alpha : awake , focussed inside , and Beta : awake , focussed outside .
Here is a table from Calleman on how brain - wave frequencies relate to Earth layer boundary resonant frequencies :
Layer Radius Frequency Brain waves Magnetopause / Plasma sheet 60000 km 0.8 Hz Delta Outer Van Allen Belt 25000 km 2 Hz Delta Inner Van Allen Belt 12000 km 4 Hz Delta- Theta boundary Earth 's crust 6370 km 7.5 Hz Theta - Alpha boundary Outer core 3500 km 13.5 Hz Alpha -Beta boundary Inner core 1200 km 40 Hz Gamma
It is also possible to produce mixtures of brain waves of different frequencies by mixing binaural tones , and in this way , with practice and experimentation , it is reportedly possible to achieve rather unusual states , such as out - of - body stuff , and more .
See the books by Ken Eagle Feather , and the Monroe Institute site for more details .
The Monroe Institute have apparently put 40 years of research into these techniques .
Centerpointe have also done research into binaural beats , concentrating more on improving overall well - being , health and holistic functioning rather than reaching unusual states .
I should add that I have only read about the more advanced and unusual uses ( OOBEs and so on ) .
My own experiences have not reached quite that far , but still I feel that I benefitted immensely from using these techniques over the years that I worked with them in a concentrated way : from simply getting my head clear in confusing moments , to the energy boosts that came at times , to more general emotional clearing , and occasional very intense dreams ( although not quite lucid ) .
So , SBAGEN is my utility , released as free software ( under the GNU General Public Licence ) for Linux , Windows , DOS and Mac OS X , that generates binaural tones in real - time according to a 24 - hour programmed sequence read from a file .
It can also be used to play a sequence on demand , rather than according to the clock , or to write a WAV file for playing later .
Pink noise , MP3 and Ogg files ( since version 1.2.0 ) may also be mixed with the binaural beats to provide background sounds .
( Two files of randomly - looping river sounds are provided from version 1.4.0 onwards ) .
This tool is ideal for anyone who wishes to experiment with these techniques and do research into this for themselves , so long as they do n't mind editing text files .
My original idea was to use this utility to play a programme of different tones throughout the night , hoping to improve dreaming and dream - recall , and then to bring myself up into Alpha rhythms to ( hopefully ) make a good start to the day .
I am now using it more for shorter focussed sessions of about an hour , both during daytime and at night .
However , other people have used this software in many different ways .
For example , one person suffering constant pain from historical injuries appreciated the way that he could tune the frequencies very accurately to his needs to help him sleep better at night .
Other more unusual uses have included : mixing the sounds in as part of musical compositions , and generating ambient sounds during live DJ sets .
USE AND EXPERIMENT WITH THIS UTILITY AT YOUR OWN RISK !
Downloads
Available to download are :
NOTE : The extra tone - sets and sequences based on the document that appeared on USENET claiming to have measured the frequencies of the Monroe Institute Focus Levels are now included in the same archive as the program - see the files " focus.txt " and " wave.txt " .
I have a TODO list of ideas which people have suggested .
However , do n't hold your breath -- I have limited time right now , although I do hope to do a rewrite at some point in the future .
Additional information :
A bit more background on binaural beats , from my reading and experiences so far .
Centerpointe appear to have put a lot of work into developing binaural beats into a balanced and well - tested programme .
Certainly , from my own experiences with binaural beats , I can recognise the value of their approach to all this .
Their site ( including the new slide show ) is worth looking at for a nice simple introduction to using binaural beats for meditation and health .
The Monroe Institute , who have done a lot of research into Binaural Tones .
Their original Hemi-Sync ( TM ) pages , and the links off them , were particularly interesting on the subject of binaural beats .
You can find them archived on the Wayback Engine HERE .
Their new Hemi-Sync pages are HERE ( until they re-organise their site again ! ) .
Also check out the OpenEEG project , which aims to design a cheap - to - build EEG machine (
Intro | Mailing lists | Downloads | FAQ | TODO
Community
Thanks to SourceForge we have two mailing lists : sbagen - users for general discussion , and sbagen - announce for announcements of new versions .
SourceForge also provides download space for the project files .
SBaGen database , a collection of SBG files to download , with option to play live .
There are also various online forums that discuss binaural beats , for example Healing Beats .
Intro | Mailing lists | Downloads | FAQ | TODO
Also see the FAQ and TODO list
This includes the executable SBAGEN.EXE and full documentation and example sequences , tone - sets and background sounds .
Since version 1.4.0
I 'm trying out the free InnoSetup installer which should make things very much easier for Windows users .
Any problems with this , let me know .
Note that the Win32 ZIP archive contains mostly the same files as the Linux TGZ archive below , except that SBAGEN.EXE is pre-built and all text files have been converted to DOS conventions .
In version 1.0.11 , Dirk Cloete 's batch files replaced the UNIX script files , allowing Windows users to also run these examples .
However , since version 1.2.0 , Dirk 's files have been replaced with the new .SBG files to match all the other sequences .
Scott of DreamCycle has kindly contributed a step - by - step guide to rebuilding the SBaGen source using Visual Studio .
This should be useful to any VS - based developers who wish to make adjustments to the code :
The latest version ( 1.4.5 ) is an Intel build , as required for Lion .
A disk - image file ( DMG ) is now used to make it much easier for Mac OSX users .
The DMG includes a DEMO command - script you can run to get a quick taster , and a START command - script that sets up Terminal ready to play sequences .
You 'll still need to read the docs to understand more , but I hope this simplifies things a little .
However , to use the earlier versions , you 'll definitely need to read the docs .
Those attempting to make source - code modifications on OSX will likely find the following precompiled Ogg and MP3 libraries useful , to save the hassle of building them from source :
The TGZ file includes source , plus full documentation and some example sequences and tone - sets .
Also included are pre-build libraries for Ogg and MP3 decoding on 32 - bit x86 ( Tremor and libMAD ) to make things easier for some Linux users .
The provided ' mk ' script should build on 32 - bit Linux ( you may need to change the order of args to cc sbagen .c $ LIBS -o sbagen $ OPT on some versions of GCC , and you might need gcc-multilib if you want to build 32 - bit on 64 - bit ) , but it will need adapting for 64 - bit .
Other platforms are mostly untested , but file output should be possible anywhere ( including DOS ) , with real - time audio output on anything with Linux - style / dev/dsp , Win32 audio calls , or Mac OS CoreAudio .
You will also need to download the river sounds TGZ if you do n't already have these OGG files from a previous version :
Version 1.4.0 adds randomised looping background sounds , and built - in -p drop and -p slide sequences .
Version 1.2.0 provides MP3 and Ogg mixing as well as many other improvements .
Version 1.0.12 includes support for mixing in background audio from a raw or WAV file .
Version 1.0.11 introduced support for Mac OS X 10.0 and 10.1 , and included many example batch files for Windows thanks to Dirk Cloete .
Version 1.0.9 added some new example sequences , Win32 support , and an experimental user - defined waveform feature .
Version 1.0.8 added a CoolEdit - style pink noise helicopter - like effect .
Version 1.0.6 added the features of accepting input from a pipe , outputting to a file or pipe , and writing WAV files directly .
The TGZ file contains the loopable river sound OGGs , required by everyone except Windows users ( who have them already included in their installer ) .
These are separate so you do n't have to download them every time there is a new version .
Put these in place of the dummy OGG files in the main archive :
Version 1.4.1 added ReplayGain settings .
There are three versions of SBaGen adapted to work with WinCE .
The most recent has been done by Ivan Karamazov , and the previous two by Sam Lin ( lincomatic ) .
I do n't have any WinCE machines myself , nor do I have the dev tools to create new executables , so you are mostly on your own with these .
Ivan does n't wish to publish his E - mail address ( so contact him through me if necessary ) , but Sam Lin has a SBaGen - PocketPC page which may have newer updates on his ports .
Version 1.4.4R from Ivan Karamazov .
This includes OGG and MP3 support , plus extensions to support looping WAV files in addition to normal SBaGen OGG - looping .
This is distributed as a number of ZIP files .
To run it , you will only need to download the first two : the README ZIP , and the binaries .
Please read the README files to understand how this port is intended to be used .
You may also want to copy across the river OGG files and the standard example SBG files from a normal Windows installation of SBaGen .
The other ZIP files contain sources and build - environments and are only required for development :
Versions of SBaGen 1.4.3 and 1.0.9 from Sam Lin. Version 1.4.3 : To install , see the SBaGen - CE page , or in brief : download the non-src ZIP , copy " sbagence.exe " to the PocketPC , copy the SBG sequences to ' My Documents ' , then tap " Open SBG " and select a sequence .
OGG and MP3 playback are not supported , just binaural beats and noise .
Version 1.0.9 : The binary is in " ARMRel / sbagence.exe " in the first ZIP file .
The additional " sbagen - ce - data " ZIP file contains some experimental sequences that should be unpacked in " My Documents " .
Here is version 1.4.5 compiled for Linux ARM , e.g. Debian .
( This was provided by Cosmin . )
I no longer have any ARM hardware to check that this works , so you 're on your own with this :
This contains a 1.4.1 sbagen executable built for ARM Linux with OGG and MP3 support .
It also contains the minimum source and libraries necessary to recompile it for ARM ( with a cross- compiler ) .
For all the sequences , documentation and river OGGs , please download the main Linux archive and river sounds archive separately .
Building later executables would be possible , but I 'm only going to do that if people ask .
Please see this site for a contributed build of SBaGen for Blackfin processors :
This is an old version ( 1.0.6 ) built for DOS thanks to the help of Notker Christoffel .
Only WAV - file output is possible , but this may still be useful for die - hard DOS fans , as the Win32 version wo n't run on a bare DOS machine .
( See also my Bavsa tool for a visual analysis of binaural beats , which is probably easier to use than the tools below . )
For those who are interested in checking what binaural beat frequencies are present in a recording ( e.g. for checking the output of SBaGen or other binaural - beat tools ) , and who are also willing to get their hands a little dirty , here are some improvised command - line tools for Linux ( with source ) that may help .
These effectively do a very fine analysis on a small range of carrier frequencies that you specify , assuming that binaural tones are present in that range , picking out the binaural beat frequency and other parameters .
Note that the code is n't perfect -- it may need tweaking to work well with some recordings .
SBGLIB is an attempt to create a more modern binaural beat generation library .
This should fit in better with the callback style of modern audio APIs .
It is possible to generate binaural beats which react to live events ( see src / api.h ) .
It is also more rigorously tested with FFT analysis and gives higher quality than SBaGen ( about 21 - bits of clean signal above the noise floor for 16 - bit output with dithering ) .
However , noise generation , ' spin ' effects and MP3 / OGG playback are not yet supported .
It uses integer maths for generation to support embedded systems like ARM .
Due to other commitments , work has stalled on this .
If someone wishes to fund further work to extend this ( at a reasonable hourly rate ) , I would consider it .
Also available is an experimental utility called rhybag , which can be used to generate smooth fast - changing binaural sequences , perhaps for inclusion with music .
This is for Linux only , and it is somewhat alpha , although stable , with some documentation and examples .
Briefly , the difference between the two utilities is that SBaGen is designed for operation according to clock - time ( although it can run in other modes ) , making smooth slow changes , whereas rhybag is designed to play sequences that contain very fast changes , without clicks or distortion , possibly mixing in samples .
It uses a different notation more suited to this type of application .
Any comments on this experimental utility are welcome .
Intro | Mailing lists | Downloads | FAQ | TODO
These are ideas that people have suggested on way or another , not necessarily things I will ever actually get around to putting in .
Many of these are fundamental changes , so this will all probably lead towards a new version of SBaGen ( SBaGen 2 ) , which will have to be a rewrite .
Add ' mixspin : ' and ' mixbeat : ' options .
The first would apply the spin effect to the mix stream .
The second would use a Hilbert transform and a ' twist ' of the resulting complex waveform to shift the L+R channels up and down in frequency to create a binaural beat out of any recording .
The idea seems sound , it just needs implementing and testing .
Give Mac users desktop access to the application , using double - click to run an SBG file , for example .
Possibly add JACK support ( jackit.sf.net ) ; this is yet another good reason to rewrite the core code to fit a callback model .
This would lead onto easier CoreAudio and Windows audio support too .
Allow several channels that act independently , i.e. with independent slides going on through other activity on other channels .
Create a sbagenlib to do all the play - time sequencing and audio generation , permitting several different front ends to be created .
Make an ' easy ' SDL - basd clickable GUI interface for Windows users , separate from the more powerful command - line interface .
Add support for triggering WAV / MP3 samples at certain points in the sequence : for example , " You have now entered Theta at 7 Hz " , or whatever .
Support clicking the mouse or pressing a key to make a record of interesting combinations of frequencies / tone - sets / etc , so that interesting points in the experience can be recorded without having to come out of trance .
Add random variation of frequencies within a range : " 110+7.83 with softly RANDOMLY changing in 109- 111 , 7.75 - 7.85 , but not like drop or slide . "
How to vary it exactly ?
Big question .
Command - line global volume control option , to adjust volume without having to edit the sequence .
Conversion to / from Gnaural XML files .
( Not looked at them , so do n't know whether this can be made reversible . )
More :
Maybe allow keyboard control to fade between different sequences in real - time .
Actually this was suggested connected with rhybag .
This might be achieved by a rewrite using SDL for the front - end and audio output code , effectively creating a completely new app .
Maybe add a screen that flashes in sync with the beats , as a cheap light - glasses replacement .
Maybe add a feature to record timing of user events during a session indicated by user clicks or keypresses .
Maybe add a feature to add modulation of the volume level in addition to the beating .
Add light glasses control with in the MagicJim / AudioStrobe method , i.e. adding high - frequency tones to trigger the flashes .
Suggestion : Add LPT1 light glasses control .
The coding would be significantly different between Linux and Windows .
Until I have some light glasses to play with , I can't see me doing this .
Suggestion : " sinusoidal , gaussian or user defined sweep in a frequency range " (!?)
Suggestion : Add coloured noise to SBaGen as mentioned on the mailing list .
Suggestion : Allow logarithmic fades ( as in rhybag ? ) .
Allow noise modulation , both in amplitude and in pitch .
Suggestion : Implement isochronic tones .
( Requested several times , but as I understand it , these are n't a true binaural effect , just a form of monophonic beating or pulsing . )
These pages and files , including applets and artwork , are Copyright ( c ) 1997 - 2019 Jim Peters unless otherwise stated .
Please contact me if you 'd like to use anything not explicitly released , or if you have something interesting to discuss .
Last modified : 14 January 2014
This theorem is one of the most important proven in the twentieth century .
Here are a few brief selections that will help you start to understand it .
Gödel ’s original paper “ On Formally Undecidable Propositions ” is available in a modernized translation .
It ’s also in print from Dover in a nice , inexpensive edition .
See Wikipedia ’s Gödel ’s incompleteness theorems for much more .
Judy Jones and William Wilson , An Incomplete Education
In 1931 , the Czech - born mathematician Kurt Gödel demonstrated that within any given branch of mathematics , there would always be some propositions that could n’t be proven either true or false using the rules and axioms … of that mathematical branch itself .
You might be able to prove every conceivable statement about numbers within a system by going outside the system in order to come up with new rules and axioms , but by doing so you ’ll only create a larger system with its own unprovable statements .
The implication is that all logical system of any complexity are , by definition , incomplete ; each of them contains , at any given time , more true statements than it can possibly prove according to its own defining set of rules .
Gödel ’s
Theorem has been used to argue that a computer can never be as smart as a human being because the extent of its knowledge is limited by a fixed set of axioms , whereas people can discover unexpected truths …
It plays a part in modern linguistic theories , which emphasize the power of language to come up with new ways to express ideas .
And it has been taken to imply that you ’ll never entirely understand yourself , since your mind , like any other closed system , can only be sure of what it knows about itself by relying on what it knows about itself .
Gödel showed that within a rigidly logical system such as Russell and Whitehead had developed for arithmetic , propositions can be formulated that are undecidable or undemonstrable within the axioms of the system .
That is , within the system , there exist certain clear - cut statements that can neither be proved or disproved .
Hence one cannot , using the usual methods , be certain that the axioms of arithmetic will not lead to contradictions …
It appears to foredoom hope of mathematical certitude through use of the obvious methods .
Perhaps doomed also , as a result , is the ideal of science - to devise a set of axioms from which all phenomena of the external world can be deduced .
He proved it impossible to establish the internal logical consistency of a very large class of deductive systems &emdash ; elementary arithmetic , for example &emdash ; unless one adopts principles of reasoning so complex that their internal consistency is as open to doubt as that of the systems themselves …
Second main conclusion is … Gödel showed that Principia , or any other system within which arithmetic can be developed , is essentially incomplete .
In other words , given any consistent set of arithmetical axioms , there are true mathematical statements that cannot be derived from the set …
Even if the axioms of arithmetic are augmented by an indefinite number of other true ones , there will always be further mathematical truths that are not formally derivable from the augmented set .
The proof of Gödel ’s Incompleteness Theorem is so simple , and so sneaky , that it is almost embarassing to relate .
His basic procedure is as follows : Someone introduces Gödel to a UTM , a machine that is supposed to be a Universal Truth Machine , capable of correctly answering any question at all .
Gödel asks for the program and the circuit design of the UTM .
The program may be complicated , but it can only be finitely long .
Call the program P ( UTM ) for Program of the Universal Truth Machine .
Smiling a little , Gödel writes out the following sentence : “ The machine constructed on the basis of the program P ( UTM ) will never say that this sentence is true . ”
Call this sentence G for Gödel .
Note that G is equivalent to : “ UTM will never say G is true . ”
Now Gödel laughs his high laugh and asks UTM whether G is true or not .
If UTM says G is true , then “ UTM will never say G is true ” is false .
If “ UTM will never say G is true ” is false , then G is false ( since G = “ UTM will never say G is true ” ) .
So if UTM says G is true , then G is in fact false , and UTM has made a false statement .
So UTM will never say that G is true , since UTM makes only true statements .
</ li>
We have established that UTM will never say G is true .
So “ UTM will never say G is true ” is in fact a true statement .
So G is true ( since G = “ UTM will never say G is true ” ) .
</ li >
“ I know a truth that UTM can never utter , ” Gödel says .
“ I know that G is true .
UTM is not truly universal . ”
Think about it &emdash ; it grows on you …
With his great mathematical and logical genius , Gödel was able to find a way ( for any given P ( UTM ) ) actually to write down a complicated polynomial equation that has a solution if and only if G is true .
So G is not at all some vague or non-mathematical sentence .
G is a specific mathematical problem that we know the answer to , even though UTM does not !
So UTM does not , and cannot , embody a best and final theory of mathematics …
Although this theorem can be stated and proved in a rigorously mathematical way , what it seems to say is that rational thought can never penetrate to the final ultimate truth …
But , paradoxically , to understand Gödel ’s proof is to find a sort of liberation .
For many logic students , the final breakthrough to full understanding of the Incompleteness Theorem is practically a conversion experience .
This is partly a by - product of the potent mystique Gödel ’s name carries .
But , more profoundly , to understand the essentially labyrinthine nature of the castle is , somehow , to be free of it .
Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News website
The top two browsing programs of net users got a big update this month as Microsoft released Internet Explorer 7 ( IE7 ) and Mozilla unleashed Firefox 2.0 .
Here we take a quick spin through some of the features to be seen in the new versions .
Both browsers offer ease of surfing
Microsoft 's IE7 program is the beefier of the two browsers with the download package weighing in at 14.8 megabytes ( MB ) .
By contrast Firefox is a svelte 5.4MB .
However , neither should tax a broadband connection .
Differences start to show up once the software is downloaded .
Once it is done installing , IE7 demands a re-start before you can use it .
Firefox installs without that need .
It 's a minor difference and a minor inconvenience for those that choose Internet Explorer .
Both take about the same amount of time to install and get started - up but once they are running more subtle differences start to become apparent .
At first glance Firefox 2.0 looks more familiar as its main page layout hardly differs from earlier versions .
But IE7 does look changed because , for a start , the grey menu bar is hidden .
It can be resurrected by hitting the " alt " key but you might be surprised by how much you need to call on it when you can't find it .
Hidden information
With IE7 Microsoft has brought tabs to its browser but both deal with them in slightly different ways .
With IE7 a blank tab is always available but with Firefox the new tab only appears , and takes up some screen space , when you open one up .
IE7 has a neat feature that lets you see thumbnails of all of the tabs you have open at any one time , letting you leap to the one you need with a click .
However , it seems to take a moment longer than Firefox 2.0 to close tabs when you are done with them .
Opening up quite a few webpages in each browser shows up another quirk .
Firefox 2.0 seems to do a better job of using the text that webpages use to describe themselves .
Often in IE7 , the only information you get about a webpage you have open but hidden on the bottom taskbar is " http : / / " - the rest of the title is obscured .
Again , a minor difference and a minor niggle .
Searching a webpage is still more elegant in Firefox 2.0 than IE7 .
Calling up the search function in Firefox prompts the appearance of a text box tied to the bottom of the page and typing your search term in that takes you to the first appearance of that word or phrase on the page - provided it is there , of course .
In IE searching calls up a floating box in which you have to type your text and then click or hit a key to find the term or phrase .
Feeding frenzy
One of the very useful inclusions in Firefox 2.0 is a live spell checker that watches over your metaphorical shoulder as you type text into any field on any webpage .
It is possible to add a similar function to IE7 but only via an add-on .
It will be interesting to see how many people download and install it .
When it comes to RSS - the system that feeds updates of webpages to those interested - Firefox 2.0 does a slightly better job of making it easy to subscribe to new feeds .
With only a click it was possible to add a feed to popular blog - following sites such as Bloglines to IE7 and Firefox
Firefox and Internet Explorer 7 also benefit from thousands of plug-ins , or add - ons - that can be installed to add more functionality to the browser .
These range from RSS readers to Instant Messaging clients , Voice over IP programs , and mini iTunes controls - all accessed from inside the web browser page .
Finally , both IE7 and Firefox 2.0 have introduced systems that warn users when they are about to visit a site that is known to be used by phishing gangs .
These pages are made to look like that of a bank to trick people into handing over confidential information .
Firefox handles this by updating a locally held list of known phishing sites every time you use the browser .
Microsoft 's IE7 checks in via the web to make sure a site is safe to visit .
In the short tests run by the BBC news website , IE7 occasionally took longer to load a page as it carried out a check to see if it was a phishing site .
Despite these minor differences , Firefox 2.0 and IE7 are now broadly comparable - something that could not be said of IE6 and Firefox .
But it will be up to users to choose which one best meets their needs .
Two years ago I was a neocon .
I supported Bush 's war on Iraq and I called everyone who did n't a liberal Kool - aid drinker .
I voted for Bush in 2000 and I listened to Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity and just about any right - winger on the radio that I could get a four - word talking point from to use against liberals .
I would say things such as " liberals wo n't defend America , " " shut up and sing , " " freedom is on the march , " and " you 're a great American . "
I supported the war at first because I bought into the lies and propaganda .
I no longer do .
I 'm a recovering neocon .
The fact is , the neocon movement is a lot like a cult .
I do n't remember how I got so involved and the details are hazy on how I got out .
I just woke up one day and said " WTF ! " and then ran outside to rip the " bring it on " sticker off of my car bumper .
What pulled me in to the neocon cult however was a combination of American nationalism and group mentality .
It was a time when questioning the government 's response to Iraq divided you between being with your country and government at a time of need , or against them .
I wanted to be with them .
So this cult took me in and I watched Fox News , I bought Factor Gear and I was brainwashed into common reflexes for liberals and dissenters .
When I heard dissent in the media over Iraq I 'd call it liberal bias .
If someone presented me any website that mentioned a " war for oil " or the phrase " illegal war " I would blow the site off as conspiracy hogwash .
When someone would talk ill of the President and his march to war , I would call them a liberal and anti-American .
When someone would say that Saddam was not a threat after I was done calling them part of the liberal " hate America " crowd , I would launch into a diatribe that Saddam was Hitler - like and hell bent on world domination .
If someone persisted I would take out my wild card :
" Saddam believes he 's the reincarnation of King Nebuchadnezzar , and he 's harboring Al Queda ! "
I could n't believe these liberals .
I was outraged .
The audacity of them to question our President during a time of war !
I listened to similar sentiments on right wing radio while driving to work to reinforce my belief .
Little did I know at the time , but I was an important part of the neocon movement .
I was but a tiny wheel in the machine of neoconservatism , but the survival of the neocon agenda depends on millions of us tiny wheels , or it can not go anywhere .
Most of all the neocon agenda depends on a much bigger wheel , the media .
For the neocon machine to roll , the big wheel of the media must pull the millions of tiny wheels without the tiny wheels knowing they are being pulled .
This is a difficult trick that requires the media to be an active participant in government deception .
To imply that they do so knowingly would be too conspiratorial , and it would be too grand an operation to be plausible .
In truth , the mainstream media does n't believe they are participating in lies .
During the build - up to the war they were being pulled without knowing it , by the engine of the U. S. government .
This swarm of nationalism begat a pro-American media , a complacent media , a lapdog media and a corporate media that to this day will not inform the American public .
When the Bush Administration was found to be creating fake news propaganda for public consumption the media did not inform the public .
When the Bush administration marched towards pre-emptive war with Iraq the media was a lapdog instead of a watchdog .
When the Bush administration described the assault on the Iraqi public as Shock and Awe , the media used that phrase to scroll alongside the words " War on Terror " without questioning if the assault on Iraq had anything to do with terrorism .
When the Bush Administration tore into the U. S. Constitution with the Patriot Act , causing the illegal imprisonment of American citizens while denying them counsel , the media acted more like a timid cocker spaniel than an aggressive Doberman pincher , and failed to defend a sacred American document .
When the UK's Downing Street memo implicated the Bush Administration as being hell bent on a pre-emptive invasion on Iraq before even going to the UN , the American media was silent and once again failed to inform the public .
But the tiny wheels still want to call the media liberal .
The tiny wheels still want to say the media is n't reporting the good things happening in Iraq .
Most of all the tiny wheels do not know about the big wheel that 's pulling them .
But now I do .
That 's why I am an ex-neocon and I am in recovery .
It 's more clear to me now than ever that the most American thing one can do is speak out against the actions of their country because it means you love your country .
And in the end it does n't matter if we are liberals or conservatives because all that matters is that we are on the side of the U.S. Constitution and of international law .
Both of which have been thrown into the toilet by this administration .
At least the Qur'an has company .
May 26 , 2005
The Best of Drew O'Neill
Drivers across the country are calling for Oleg Shcherbinsky 's release , in a sign of widespread disgust with government bureaucrats who terrorise the roads by driving at high speed in the centre lane .
Shcherbinsky was jailed after his car , which was turning off the main road into a side street , was struck at high speed from behind by the Mercedes of the governor of Altai region , Mikhail Yevdokimov .
Evidence given in court showed the governor 's car was travelling at more than 90 mph .
Yevdokimov , his driver and a bodyguard were killed when the saloon flew off the road and hit a tree last August .
The judge ruled that Shcherbinsky was to blame for failing to give way to a special vehicle .
He was convicted for negligent driving leading to death .
Motorists across the country have risen up in his support before an appeal hearing tomorrow .
Demonstrators are expected to gather in central Moscow today carrying placards saying " Free Shcherbinsky " and " We are all Shcherbinsky now " .
Car owners have attached white ribbons to their aerials to show sympathy with the 36 - year - old railway worker .
Shcherbinsky 's case is being seen as a standoff between the common man and privileged bureaucrats who abuse their powers .
MPs have repeatedly rebuffed legislation that would limit the number of vehicles allowed to use special signals such as horns and flashing blue lights .
Shcherbinsky 's wife , Svetlana , said the authorities had imprisoned an innocent man .
" People have risen up to protect my husband , " she said .
" It 's like an abscess that burst .
Drivers just could n't put up with this kind of thing any longer . "
Viktor Klepikov , a friend of the imprisoned man , said : " Our constitution says every citizen is equal before the law but this is the reality of what happens in our country .
If he is acquitted we will all be winners : everyone who can call himself a simple citizen of Russia . "
Mr Putin drew fire early in the investigation when he suggested Shcherbinsky was at fault for driving a right - hand drive car .
But the pro-Kremlin United Russia party changed its course to support Shcherbinsky this week as the groundswell of public opinion became clear .
That has prompted hope that his conviction could be overturned in a country where " telephone justice " is still thought to prevail .
This is the practice that dates from Communist days , of judges receiving their orders from party apparatchiks .
Viktor Pokhmelkin , an independent MP who campaigns for drivers ' rights , said : " The main fault was with driver of the governor , who died .
He exceeded the speed limit by a huge margin and he gave no warning of his approach . "
At one of the spectrum , L’Oreal face , Scarlett Johannson , is designing gear for Reebok and is at the very beginning of her acting career .
And on the other end we have the Oscar winning actress , Diane Keaton , as the face of L’Oreal ’s Age Perfect .
In an on set interview , Diane tells women that theyâ€™re worth it while promoting L’OrÃ©alâ€™s new Age Perfect Pro-Calcium Moisturizer .
Because it makes her skin resilient , toned , and re-densified .
“ I feel extremely lucky to be a part of this L’OrÃ©al family of strong , intelligent women , ” Keaton said in an on - set interview .
“ I like the idea of women being empowered and I also feel that we are ‘ worth it ’ â€ ” of course weâ€ ™re worth it ! ”
‘ Bigotry is bigotry – even when disguised as patriotism . ’
ISLAMIST fanatics attacked us and yearn to destroy us .
The Muslim civilization of the Middle East has failed comprehensively and will continue to generate violence .
The only way to deal with faith - poisoned terrorists is to kill them .
And the world ’s only hope for long - term peace is for moderate Muslims – by far the majority around the globe – to recapture their own faith .
But a rotten core of American extremists is out to make it harder for them .
The most repugnant trend in the American shouting match that passes for a debate on the struggle with Islamist terrorism is n’t the irresponsible nonsense on the left – destructive though that is .
The really ugly “ domestic insurgency ” is among right - wing extremists bent on discrediting honorable conservatism .
How ?
By insisting that Islam can never reform , that the violent conquest and subjugation of unbelievers is the faith ’s primary agenda – and , when you read between the lines , that all Muslims are evil and subhuman .
I ’ve received no end of e-mails and letters seeking to “ enlighten ” me about the insidious nature of Islam .
Convinced that I ’m naive because I defend American Muslims and refuse to “ see ” that Islam is 100 percent evil , the writers warn that I ’m a foolish “ dhimmi , ” blind to the conspiratorial nature of Islam .
Web sites list no end of extracts from historical documents and Islamic jurisprudence “ proving ” that holy war against Christians and Jews is the alpha and omega of the Muslim faith .
The message between the lines : Muslims are Untermenschen .
We ’ve been here before , folks .
Bigotry is bigotry – even when disguised as patriotism .
And , invariably , the haters fantasizing about a merciless Crusade never bothered to serve in our military ( Hey , guys , there ’s still time to join .
Lay your backsides on the line – and send your kids ! ) .
It ’s time for our own fanatics to look in the mirror .
Hard .
( And stop sending me your trash .
I ’ll never sign up for your “ Protocols of the Elders of Mecca . ”
You ’re just the Ku Klux Klan with higher - thread - count sheets . )
As for the books and Web sites listing all those passages encouraging violence against the infidel , well , we could fill entire libraries with bloody - minded texts from the Christian past .
And as a believing Christian , I must acknowledge that there ’s nothing in the Koran as merciless as God ’s behavior in the Book of Joshua .
Another trait common among those warning us that Islam is innately evil is that few have spent any time in the Muslim world .
Well , I have .
While the Middle East leaves me ever more despairing of its future , elsewhere , from Senegal to Sulawesi , from Delhi to Dearborn , I ’ve seen no end of vibrant , humane , hopeful currents in the Muslim faith .
I ’m no Pollyanna .
I ’m all for killing terrorists , rather than taking them prisoner .
I know we ’re in a fight for our civilization .
But the fight is with the fanatics – a minority of a minority – not with those who simply worship differently than those of us who grew up with the Little Brown Church in the Vale .
Does Islam foster practices that inhibit progress or integration into the modern ( and postmodern ) world ?
Yes , as practiced in the greater Middle East , from the Nile to the Indus .
Our “ allies , ” the Saudi ruling family , are the embodiment of evil – but they ’ve done far more damage to the Muslim world than to us .
Elsewhere , Muslims are struggling to move their faith forward in constructive ways .
And all religions are what living men and women make of them .
In our own country , we should respect our fellow citizens who happen to be Muslims – instead of implying that they ’re all members of a devious fifth column .
More than 3 million Americans profess Islam .
How many have strapped on bombs and walked into Wal - Mart ?
Sure , bad actors will emerge .
But every immigrant group has produced its gangsters , demagogues and common criminals .
Fools who insist that “ Muslims ca n’t be good Americans ” insult both Muslims and America – whose transformative genius should never be underestimated .
The problem is n’t the man or woman of faith , but cultural environment .
Once free of the maladies of the Middle East , Muslims thrive in America .
Like the rest of us .
We are in a knife - fight to the death with fanatics who ’ve perverted a great religion .
But those who warn of Muslims in general are heirs of the creeps who once told us Jews can never be real Americans and JFK will serve the Vatican .
Obviously , there ’s a moral reason for not condemning all Muslims .
Real Americans judge men and women by their individual characters and actions , not by the color of their skin or the liturgy they recite on their respective Sabbaths .
Sorry , all you bigots :
You ’ll never get the Wannsee Conference , Part II , at Lake Tahoe .
But even for our inveterate haters , those whose personal disappointments have left them with a need to blame others ( sounds like al Qaeda to me . . . ) , there ’s a Realpolitik reason not to insult all Muslims :
In the serious world of strategy and the military , you do n’t make unnecessary enemies .
We ’ve got our hands full in the Middle East .
Why alienate the Muslims of Indonesia or West Africa ( or California ) ?
A wise strategist seeks to divide his enemies , not to recruit for them .
Some of the bigots out there might like to try to kill a billion Muslims , but I ’m not signing up for their genocidal daydreams – nor will my fellow Americans .
Ultimately , our military actions can only buy time .
The long overdue liberal reformation within the Islamic world can only be carried out by Muslims themselves .
Those who believe in Islam with all their hearts will have to be the ones who defeat those who hijacked their faith .
Do we have to fight ?
Yes .
But let ’s fight our true enemies , not the innocent .
Magnetic Drill Press , Your Emergence Necessity
Magnetic Drill Press has many functions that will help your finishing your work , especially when you are in the fabrication industry .
This press makes you easier in making the must - to - do work in your companies .
No such heavy and difficult task .
That kind of drill press has many forms that are available .
By all availability , it gives the fast work in the companies .
Through all its ability , the user should be very curious on using this beneficial machine .
Later , this will be said that this machine is really productive in heavy - duty and fabrication industries .
The productivity is maintained through the countless work that you are able to finish every day .
This type of press also has many sizes you can owe .
The various sizes are such the delighted information because the user then has the choices to take .
The taken choices are measured the quality in making or pressing the product .
Later the impact gives the comfortable use for the user .
It is such a blessing also because a range sizes started from the small to the bigger one does not give the different results .
Even though it is small in size , it is not giving the worst result .
Then the quality in using this machine is easily completed with a strong attachment .
Precise & fast cutting of holes in the work site is the definite attachment for the smart users .
They are able to get the best cutting for their lovely work .
The lovable magnetic drill press is chosen as the magnet has the interesting materials to take .
Through the material , the magnet has the power to strengthen the work .
One of the kinds is magnetic magnets .
Magnetic magnets are also recognized as magnetic steering variations in magnetic power on the underside of the drive after the magnetic field .
The magnetic field is also such as the impregnation of the rigid structure , and magnetic steering motors .
The other importance in using the type of the products is to guide a slight high speed .
The high speed is an important part of engine grinding .
This is very like beneficial in absorption in the structure .
This also may guide high speed with enthusiasm , grunt holes certainly .
Apparently , the magnetic model is designed beautifully .
The machine is designed for continuous operation .
The type is considered as transferable master magnetic training .
Thus , this is most suitable for structural rigidity and most metals .
The suitable structural rigidity obviously impacts the high speed of the machine .
Thus , the use for the speed is advisable .
As the advisable and recommended machine , magnetic drill press is completed with perfect and useful component to take .
This components also measure the comfort and joyful of the user .
The drill press uses the prominent cutter depth measurer , capacitor cutter , magnetic addition and spindle .
The measuring components help the customers or users are able to make the decision whether the machine is worth trying or reverse back .
Thus , making all the components and feeling the measuring machine is the prominent and important step as to think about quality control .
Thus , make sure you are coming into right choices as well .
One of the important is worth in choosing the spindle .
The type various spindles that can be used as the reference then are really significant .
Spindle works the same as anvil as the component holder to be chosen , but the spindle that can move forward and backward results from the thimble .
At the end it is also made of iron .
This iron made caused the cozy holder when using the machine .
It is just not proper when somebody ignore the spindle .
It is very useful to the buyer , customer to check the condition .
Not eventually letting or ignoring the spindle itself .
The other components in magnetic drill press are compiled with adjustment tools .
The form of the adjustments are varied depend on the product or branded that is offered .
However , the coolest things , generally all these kind of drill is completed with that the tool for adjusting the result of the work .
The adjustments are not measured specifically .
The needs of adjustment are not counted on the fixed measurement , but the user has right to control based on the necessity .
The adjustment is particularly giving distinction benefits for the users .
They can run through their work without having panic and gloomy to make best result .
There still needs to know lot of components that you should know .
Then you can take the beneficial from this machine .
By having the each component , you are expected in operating the machine it is like the tahang , that is for strengthen the bit .
There is also the key so that you can adjust the bindu .
The input lever is also available .
By this tool , you can go up and go down the bindu .
Table setter is definitely existed .
By the set here , you can make the average position in the table .
Suis is also existed .
This suis is to switch on / off the motor .
For making the best results , magnetic drill press is designed with special form .
This specialty is designed for the best and accomplished result when pressing your work .
As the rectangle rectangular shape round and round remains the easiness and prompted work .
By this shape made from cast iron , it causes the strength in the working .
Later , T functioned for making proper and constant work .
Then it also encourage as the working table .
However , this is like as the table .
The table is able to moving to every corner for trying and getting the proper result .
This way is easy way to take with .
Those are the things , the beneficial that you can take from magnetic drill press .
This easy machine is the affordable and useful for user that they can use it .
By using this machine , the users are having the flexible and joyful time .
So they can make their astonished work with the smart solutions .
The smart solution is definitely considering all the tools offered and also the results .
The standard of the machine makes the machine is one of the recommended tools that you have to owe and use for your emergence necessity .
By lacking this machine , you will be so difficult in making your work as well .
Top Rated Magnetic Drill Press
棋譜の読み 方
これまでチェスのルールを説明するのに、避けてきたことがあります。
それは、アルファベットや記号による解説です。
なぜならそれは、とてもわかりにくいものだからです。
しかし、あなたが強くなろうとするとき、過去の名人たちの対戦記録「棋譜（スコア）」を読むこともあるでしょう。
ですから、ここで簡単に説明していきます。
これを知らなくてもゲームはできるので、読み飛ばしてもらってもかまいませんよ。
チェス盤は８×８のマスがありますね。
それぞれのマスには番地がふられています。
次で説明しますので、じっくり見ないでください。目がいたくなりますよ。
マスの番地を調べるには、下のアルファベットと左の数字を見ればよいのです。
では、こんなところでも問題です。
１手でクイーンを 「ｃ２」へ移動させてください。
駒はアルファベットの大文字で表します。
キング Ｋ クイーン Ｑ ルーク Ｒ ビショップ Ｂ ナイト Ｎ ポーン Ｐ
これだけ覚えれば、駒がどこへ動いたか表現できます。
「 Ｑｃ２」と書いてあれば、クイーンがｃ２へ動いたことになります。
こ の「 Ｑｃ２」に記号を付け足すことがあります。
・ 相手の駒を取ったとき は 「 Ｑｘｃ２ 」 とします 。
・ チェックだったとき は 「 Ｑｃ２ ＋ 」とします。
・ チェックメイトだったとき は 「 Ｑｃ２ ＃ 」とします。
では問題です。以下の順番で、駒を動かしてください。
１．Ｒｘｈ６
２ ．Ｑｆ６ ＋
３ ．Ｒｈ８ ＃
今の問題に、黒の動きも付け足して記録すると、以下のようになります。
１ ．Ｒｘｈ６ Ｋｇ７
２ ．Ｑｆ６ ＋ Ｋｇ８
３ ．Ｒｈ８ ＃
はい。これでスコア（棋譜）の完成です。
チェスは 「 白の １手目 」 →「黒の１手目」という表現なので、「１．」の横に２つ並びます。
下の図か ら 「 Ｒｅ４」とするとき、どんな動きになるでしょう。
２通りありますね。こういう場合は、もともとの番地を付け足して区別します。
現在の番地は左のルーク が 「 ｃ４ 」。右のルークが 「 ｇ４ 」ですね。
「 ４」は同じなので、アルファベットだけを付け足します。
「 ｃ４ 」のルーク が 「ｅ４」へ移動したときは「 Ｒｃｅ４」になります。
「 ｇ４ 」 のルークの場合 は 「 Ｒｇｅ４ 」 です。
ルークが縦に並んでいる場合は、番地の数字だけを付け足せばいいですね。
ポーンの移動 は
「ｅ４」というふうに、座標のみで表し「 Ｐ」は付けません。
相手の駒を取ったときは、前にいた番地のアルファベットと「ｘ」を付け足します。
下の図で説明します 。
「 ｃ２ 」のポーン が 「ｃ４」へ移動したときは「ｃ４」になります。
「 ｇ５」のポーンが 、 「ｆ６」にいる相手の駒を取ったときは「ｇｘｆ６」になります。
ポーンがプロモーション（昇格）したときは、「＝」と駒のアルファベットを付け足します。
ポーンが下の図のように進み、クイーンにプロモーションしたときは「ｅ８＝Ｑ」とします。
キャスリングをしたときは特別な表現をします。
右にキャスリングしたとき は「 Ｏ－Ｏ」とします。
左にキャスリングしたとき は「 Ｏ－Ｏ－Ｏ」とします。
ルークが動くマスの数だ け「 Ｏ」が付くと覚えてください。
ゲームの終わりは、チェックメイトならば「＃」が付くのでわかりますね。
しかし、降参や引き分けで終わったときは、勝負の結果を記入する必要があります。
白が勝ったとき は
「 １－０」と最後に記入します。
黒が勝ったとき は
「 ０－１」と最後に記入します。
引き分けだったとき は 「 １／２－１／２」と最後に記入します。
ここまで学んだことで、１ゲーム全てを表現することができます。
実際のゲームのスコアでは 「 ！（良い手） 」 や「？（疑問の手）」が付いていることもありますが、駒の動きとは関係がなく感想のようなものです。
最後のまとめです。以下の順番で、駒を動かしてください。
１ ．Ｎｘｇ４ ＋
２ ．Ｏ－Ｏ－Ｏ ＋
３．ａ８＝Ｑ ＃
A privately funded rocket , bound for ( sub ) orbit , has crashed into the New Mexico desert after something went wrong at 40,000 feet .
The UP Aerospace SpaceLoft XL rocket was carrying cremated remains , which at least will be materially unchanged by the crash , and school kids ' science projects , which will not .
The team behind the rocket say there is a chance the cargo is intact .
" We believe the vehicle is safely on the ground , " a spokesperson for the company said .
The launch was going well - until the rocket hit 40,000 ft .
Reuters reports that the mission director made the following announcement over the public address system :
" Because of an unexpected aerodynamic effect , the vehicle was short of its effected range " .
Onlookers said they could tell something had gone wrong when the vapour trail started to trace out a corkscrew pattern in the sky .
It was the first launch ever from the US 's first official commercial spaceport , Spaceport America .
[ Can you imagine how much fun that meeting was ?
- Ed ]
The 20 foot high SpaceLoft XL rocket has a total payload capacity of 110 pounds and a range of 140 miles .
Connecticut - based UP Aerospace offers space on the rockets for a few hundred dollars per gram .
It describes itself as the world 's " premier supplier of low cost space access " .
The firm has nine further launches planned over the next year . ®
Necromanc shows us some creative ways to use your old PC parts .
Lots more pics after the jump .
( Thanks , Brian L )
Published online 14 July 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060710-15
News
Scientists head for the beach to find out .
Mature pebbles stay the same basic ' shape ' even as they get smaller with age .
© Getty
A seaside conundrum has been solved : what shape is a pebble ?
The answer , of course , is ' pebble - shaped ' ; but now , thanks to research by a team in France and the United States , it 's possible to define what that means .
Technically speaking , says material physicist Doug Durian of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and his colleagues , a pebble is a rounded body with a near - gaussian distribution of curvatures .
While no two pebbles are exactly alike , all seem to end up with this mathematical form1,2 .
And once this shape is attained , it never changes ( in lab experiments , at least ) .
As a large pebble is ground down to a tiny grain , it retains this classic pebble shape .
Round and round
“ A trained geologist might be able to tell how a pebble was made . ”
Doug Durian ,
University of Pennsylvania .
Aristotle proposed that the rounded shapes of pebbles arise because of faster erosion of parts furthest from the centre , which neatly explains why sharp corners get worn away .
But although various proposals have been made for how to define a pebble 's shape , including simply measuring its width , breadth and height , our understanding has not advanced much since Aristotle 's time .
Durian and his colleagues say that the best way to define rounded shapes is in terms of their distributions of curvature ( curvature being the radius of a circle that would match the contour at a given point ) .
A sphere has equal curvature everywhere .
But the curvature of a pebble varies from place to place .
Durian 's team looked at pebbles of hardened mud formed at Mont St - Michel bay on the coast of northern France , where the tides produce flattish , dried mud fragments that are progressively eroded over many months .
As erosion proceeds , the pebbles ' mature ' from sharp - edged fragments to rounded forms .
Picture imperfect
They took 2 - dimensional pictures of more than 60 pebbles at various states of erosion , and calculated the distribution of curvatures around the circumference of each pebble .
They then plotted this distribution on a graph .
On such a graph , the curvature distribution of a circle would appear as a single spike .
But the pebbles all showed a broad bell curve , with the more mature pebbles approaching a shape that can be described by a gaussian curve .
Although the exact shapes of the mature pebbles varied , they all showed the same curvature distribution once past a certain stage of erosion .
Bashed about
ADVERTISEMENT
The researchers saw precisely the same thing for pebbles made in the laboratory from clay , moulded initially into various sharp - edged polygons ( including triangles , squares and odd - shaped chunks ) and then bashed about in a square metal pan to erode them .
In this case , the curvature distribution was a little closer to the ideal gaussian form , says the team .
The distribution of curvatures , they say , does n't seem to depend on the pebble 's starting shape , but rather solely on the erosion process itself .
Maybe softer , gentler erosion might lead to a narrower bell curve and a shape closer to a perfect circle , they posit .
This raises the possibility that experts might be able to tell whether a pebble was worn away by one kind of erosion ( in a raging river , for example ) or another ( such as the slow wear in a glacier , or from the wind ) , just by looking at its shape .
" A trained geologist might be able to tell the difference , " says Durian .
" But it has been hard to check that intuition . "
Visit our shapeisapebble .html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
University of Pennsylvania .
The machine that invents
From : Elias Sinderson ( elias@cse.ucsc.edu )
Date : Thu Feb 05 2004 - 09:36:45 MST
Thought this article would be of some interest to people on this list .
Q1 : Is this really creativity at work ?
Q2 : Is the machine really inventing ?
Discuss . :-)
Regards ,
Elias
___________________________________________________________
The machine that invents
Published : Sunday , Jan. 25 2004
Posted at
< http://www.stltoday.com/stltoday/emaf.nsf/Popup?ReadForm&db=stltoday%5Cnews%5Cstories.nsf&docid=E981DA33F2CF718986256E250061FFF6�
By Tina Hesman
Of the Post - Dispatch
Technically , Stephen
Thaler has written more music than any composer in
the world .
He also invented the Oral - B CrossAction toothbrush and
devices that search the Internet for messages from terrorists .
He has
discovered substances harder than diamonds , coined 1.5 million new
English words , and trained robotic cockroaches .
Technically .
Thaler , the president and chief executive of Imagination Engines Inc. in
Maryland Heights , gets credit for all those things , but he 's really just
" the man behind the curtain , " he says .
The real inventor is a computer
program called a Creativity Machine .
What Thaler has created is essentially " Thomas Edison in a box , " said
Rusty Miller , a government contractor at General Dynamics and one of
Thaler 's chief cheerleaders .
" His first patent was for a Device for the Autonomous Generation of
Useful Information , " the official name of the Creativity Machine , Miller
said .
" His second patent was for the Self - Training Neural Network
Object .
Patent Number
Two was invented by Patent Number One .
Think about
that .
Patent Number
Two was invented by Patent Number One ! "
Supporters say the technology is the best simulation of what goes on
in human brains , and the first truly thinking machine .
Others say it is something far more sinister - the beginning of
" Terminator " technology , in which self - aware machines could take over
the world .
Thaler 's technology was born from near - death experiences of dying
computer programs .
Its foundation is the discovery that great ideas are
the result of noisy neurons and faulty memories .
The invention began to take shape in the 1980s .
By day , the physicist
worked at McDonnell Douglas Corp. , where he wielded a powerful laser
beam to crystallize diamonds .
He built elegant computer simulations ,
called neural networks , to guide his experiments .
But at night , things were different .
Shirley MacLaine and her ilk were
all over the TV and on magazine covers talking about reincarnation and
life after death and near - death experiences .
It made Thaler wonder :
" What would happen if I killed one of my neural networks ? "
Neural networks can be either software programs or computers designed to
model an object , process or set of data .
Thaler reasoned that if a
neural network were an accurate representation of a biological system ,
he could kill it and figure out what happens in the brain as it dies .
In biological brains , the information - carrying cells , called neurons ,
meet at junctions , called synapses .
Brain chemicals , such as adrenaline
and dopamine , flow across the junctions to stimulate or soothe the
cells .
In the computer world , there are switches instead of cells .
The
switches are connected by numbers or " weights . "
So after work , Thaler went home and created the epitome of a killer
application - a computer program he called the Grim Reaper .
The reaper
dismantles neural networks by changing its connection weights .
It is the
biological equivalent of killing neurons .
Pick off enough neurons , and
the result is death .
On Christmas Eve 1989 , Thaler typed the lyrics to some of his favorite
Christmas carols into a neural network .
Once he'd taught the network the
songs , he unleashed the Grim Reaper .
As the reaper slashed away
connections , the network 's digital life began to flash before its eyes .
The program randomly spit out perfectly remembered carols as the killer
application severed the first connections .
But as its wounds grew
deeper , and the network faded toward black , it began to hallucinate .
The network wove its remaining strands of memory together , producing
what someone else might interpret as damaged memories , but what Thaler
recognized as new ideas .
In its death spiral , the program dreamed up new
carols , each created from shards of its shattered memories .
" Its last dying gasp was , ' All men go to good earth in one eternal
silent night , ' " Thaler said .
But it was n't the eloquence of the network 's last words that captured
Thaler 's imagination .
What excited him was how noisy and creative the
process of dying was .
It gave Thaler ideas .
What if , he asked , I do n't
cut the connections , but just perturb them a little ?
Thaler built another neural network and trained it to recognize the
structure of diamonds and some other super - hard materials .
He also built
a second network to monitor the first one 's activities .
Then he tickled a few of the network 's connections , and something began
to happen .
The tickling , akin to a shot of adrenaline or an electrical
jolt in the brain , produced noise .
In this sense , noise is not sound ,
but random activity .
And the noise triggered changes in the network .
The result was new ideas .
The computer dreamed up new ultra-hard
materials .
Some of the materials are known to humans , but Thaler did n't
tell the network they existed .
Other materials are entirely new , unknown
to humans or computers before .
" A little elbow room "
When Rusty Miller went to lunch one day in 1998 , he picked up a
specialized computer magazine called PCAI journal .
He flipped through
the pages and came across a story about Thaler and his Creativity
Machine inventing the ultra - hard substances .
Instantly , Miller knew that
Thaler had taken a step beyond other artificial intelligence
technologies , such as fuzzy logic or genetic algorithms , he said .
The brilliance of Thaler 's invention is the noise he introduces into the
system , Miller said .
" Noise allows neurons to have a little elbow room to dream up new
ideas , " Miller said .
Other researchers have come to the same conclusion .
Good old - fashioned artificial intelligence uses human experts to input
huge quantities of data and a list of rules to create a model , said
Robert Kozma , a computer scientist at the University of Memphis .
Kozma
is experimenting with a similar technology .
The rigidity of traditional artificial intelligence technologies holds
back creativity , Kozma said .
" This type of rule - based system is frozen .
It 's dead and cannot get to
the essence of intelligence , " Kozma said .
" Creativity cannot be derived
in a logical way , in a step - by - step fashion . "
You need a little noise to
come up with good ideas , he said .
Human brains are also noisy places , said Dr. Walter J. Freeman , a
neurobiologist at the University of California at Berkeley .
A debate has
raged for half a century about what the brain does with noise .
Many biologists see noise as just a nuisance or a necessary evil ,
Freeman said .
The brain devotes many neurons to the same task so it can
swamp out that random activity , those scientists argue .
But Freeman subscribes to an alternative theory - that noise is
essential for the brain to function properly .
Noise provides variability
that allows organisms to adapt to new situations , he said .
Kozma has replaced the brain of a robotic toy dog with this new
technology .
The idea is to create a robot that can explore a new
environment , such as the surface of another planet , without human
guidance .
NASA is funding Kozma 's efforts .
Thaler believes that Kozma 's research is derivative of his seminal work .
It 's not merely noise that makes Thaler 's Creativity Machines so
ingenious , he argues .
He has discovered a mathematical equivalent to the
fleeting signals that work on neurons - a special kind of noise .
And Creativity Machines are their own best critics .
In fact , they have
critic networks built right in .
The critics select the best ideas
generated by the noisy networks and reward good work .
The feedback helps
the network dream up even better ideas .
Bunker - busting robots
Thaler , too , is engineering independent robots .
A glossy , black , plastic
cockroach named H3 could be the prototype for swarms of bunker - busting
robots that could seek out , explore and use collective intelligence to
defeat an enemy target .
The U.S. Air Force has contracted Thaler to
create such robots .
Robots , including Mars rovers , have been programmed with artificial
intelligence before , Thaler said .
But those robots require human
engineers to program in leg movements and rules for getting around
obstacles .
Each unique encounter requires new programming , new rules ,
and time .
H3 gets no tutelage from Thaler at all .
A sonar beacon beckons the
robot , and H3 's legs begin to flail .
Every time the robot makes a
movement that carries it closer to the signal , it learns the value of
the move .
Within a few seconds , the cockroach coordinates enough good
moves to scuttle toward the signal .
But Thaler has n't stopped with robots .
Creativity Machines can solve
just about any problem in any field , he says .
A Creativity Machine used two neural networks to study toothbrush design
and performance .
A brainstorming session between the two produced the
idea to cross the bristles of the toothbrush for optimal cleaning .
That
toothbrush became the Oral - B CrossAction toothbrush .
In one weekend , a Creativity Machine learned a sampling of some of
Thaler 's favorite Top 10 hits from the past three decades and then wrote
11,000 new songs .
Some are good , Thaler said .
Miller confesses to being
haunted by one of the melodies in a minor key .
Other offerings are the
musical equivalent of a painting of dogs playing poker , Thaler said .
But computer - composed music does n't have to be bad .
Human mentors with
good taste could train a critic network to grade the Creativity
Machine 's songs , punish it for bad tunes and reward it for harmonious
melodies .
The feedback would hone the machine 's composing skills .
Such a self - training system was the Creativity Machine 's first
invention , and the subject of Thaler 's second patent .
Carmakers and security industries want to use machines to identify
obstacles , pedestrians or intruders .
Some machines can identify certain
objects , but change lighting conditions or mist the lens with water , and
the system falls apart .
Thaler spins a collection of toy cars , trucks and planes on an old
turntable in his office while a Creativity Machine watches .
The computer
learns to distinguish Hummers from pickups and F - 18s from 747s , no
matter if the object is lit by a searchlight or sits in shadow or if
rain spatters the windshield .
The technology could alert drivers to
whether they are about to back over a boy or a bicycle .
Battlefield
commanders might use similar technology to assess damage and decide
whether to send in more bombs .
Machines trained to detect dangerous objects could replace humans at
baggage screening stations or watch for suspicious behavior .
Thaler 's first contract with the Air Force used a Creativity Machine to
help design warheads that reconfigure the pattern of shrapnel
scattering .
That 's important to limit collateral damage and to save
money by tailoring bombs to destroy a target in one hit .
Thaler 's machines engage in the guilty pleasure of reading supermarket
tabloids .
The networks learn how to write tabloid headlines .
The
" International Expirer " quickly became a hit on the Internet .
But the
computer reporters of the tabloid " have no shame , " and generated such
celebrity - skewering headlines that Thaler removed the Expirer to avoid
libel and slander suits .
Spy agencies want to use Thaler 's technology to map the Internet and
detect unusual activity .
Thaler coined more than a million new English words by showing a network
a list of words .
It learned rules of spelling and pronunciation and
generated new words .
In one trial , the network came up with a name for
one of Thaler 's spinoff companies - Synaptrix .
The words are nonsense
now , but Thaler predicts that companies could use them to name products .
The machine also liked " eggo . "
Too bad that one is already taken .
The technology is not ready for widespread commercial use yet , say some
supporters .
" It 's got extraordinary potential .
Right now the holdup is packaging the
technology as a tool that somebody can actually pull off the shelf and
use , " said Lloyd Reshard , the Weapons Platform Integration Team Lead at
the Air Force Research Laboratory Munitions Directorate at Eglin Air
Force Base .
With other artificial intelligence technologies , " software
is commercially available on the street , but if you want to apply a
Creativity Machine to your problem , there 's no software package you can
go out and buy . "
The Air Force is working with Thaler now to solve that problem , Reshard
said .
" I might lose my job "
All of the possible applications for Creativity Machines make some
people uneasy .
The machines could easily supplant people for many
mundane jobs , and Thaler predicts that some traditionally human - only
jobs , including laboratory scientist , could be up for grabs .
Computer
chemists could soon design new compounds and figure out how to make them .
The machines could even be used to solve pressing societal problems ,
Thaler says .
The prospect is just too much for people who see machines as a possible
threat to humans .
The normal human response is , " Do n't want it .
No thanks .
I might lose my
job , " Miller said .
Or worse , sentient machines could decide that they do n't need humans at
all and do away with people .
That fear is fueled by the plots of
science - fiction movies , such as " The Terminator . "
In that movie , a
satellite called Skynet became self - aware , saw humans as a threat and
destroyed more than 3 billion people .
Sci -fi fans see similarity between
Thaler 's thinking machines and
Skynet .
There 's even an eerie coincidence between the fictional
satellite 's Judgment Day - August 29 , 1997 - and the date the patent for
Creativity Machine became final - August 19 , 1997 .
But Thaler does n't see the world ending at the hands of the machines .
" I can never imagine a world that looks like ' Terminator . '
What do
people want ?
Food .
Land .
Mates .
Machines are n't interested in that , "
Thaler said .
Miller , who is in the business of protecting U.S. computers from foreign
attackers , agrees that machines are not the real threat .
He worries more
about humans with malicious intent turning Creativity Machines into
weapons .
Other countries are already studying U.S. patents and
experimenting with revolutionary technologies .
Terrorists could follow
suit , he says .
" If the U.S. does n't wake up and pay attention , we 're going to get
smoked , " Miller warns .
" It 's important for people to understand .
It
does n't have anything to do with the business of business .
It 's about
America . "
Some people are threatened by the idea that machines could think like
humans , Kozma said .
They do n't like the idea of computers out - creating
humans , he said .
But Thaler 's machines may never match the unique qualities of humans , no
matter how clever they are at designing toothbrushes or warheads , Miller
said .
Miller , a former ballet dancer and Green Beret , says he enjoys competing
against
Thaler 's neural networks , even when they beat him .
Miller will
always have a toe up on the machines , he says .
" None of his computers can do ballet . "
Yet .
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter
Europe is building its own satellite - navigation system called Galileo .
BBC
News looks at why such a network is deemed necessary when there is already the US Global Positioning System ( GPS ) .
WHAT IS GALILEO ?
Galileo will be a global network of at least 22 satellites providing precise timing and location information to users on the ground and in the air .
Its development will cost billions of euros and it will become operational by the end of 2013 .
The investment makes Galileo one of the biggest space projects initiated in Europe .
Galileo's first demonstrator spacecraft was launched on 28 December , 2005 , and a second platform in April 2008 .
The job of these two spacecraft was to trial the in - orbit technologies needed to run Galileo .
These include atomic clocks , the heart of any sat -nav system .
WHY DOES EUROPE WANT GALILEO ?
GALILEO UNDER CONSTRUCTION
A European Commission and European Space Agency project
At least 22 satellites to be launched in batches Will work alongside US GPS and Russian Glonass systems Promises real - time positioning down to less than a metre Guaranteed under all but most extreme circumstances Suitable for safety - critical roles where lives depend on service
Galileo demo sat to be despatched
On an important level , Galileo is a political project .
Like Airbus and the Ariane rocket programme , the new sat - nav system will assert Europe 's independence .
It will give EU countries guaranteed access to a service that is currently provided by a foreign ( US ) power .
GPS was initiated by the US military ; and although it is highly unlikely its signals would be degraded or switched off in Europe , the Americans as owners have ultimate control .
Yes , the service is free , but its continuity and quality come with no guarantees - which means it cannot be relied upon , certainly not for safety - of - life applications such as landing planes and controlling trains ( not without an augmentation service ) .
Galileo is intended to be a civil system .
Eventually , it is likely it will be run by a private consortium and will offer guaranteed levels of service .
HOW WILL GALILEO DIFFER FROM GPS ?
As brilliant as GPS is , its accuracy and availability can on occasions leave a lot to be desired , as anyone who has a receiver will know .
Sometimes it can be very difficult to get a fix and the accuracy can drift out to 10 m or more .
The new Galileo system will offer five service levels and bring , its designers say , a step - change in performance .
The five Galileo services
Since the first GPS satellite was launched in the late 1970s , sat -nav technology has evolved enormously .
Galileo should offer greater accuracy - down to a metre and less ; and greater penetration - in urban centres , inside buildings , and under trees ; and a faster fix .
The Galileo system will also come with an " integrity " component - it will be able to tell users if there are major errors that could compromise performance .
Users will also benefit enormously from the agreement between Europe and the US to make their sat-nav systems compatible and " interoperable " .
That is , future receivers will be able to get a fix using satellites from either constellation .
And when the US introduces the next generation of GPS , users will see a further jump in performance .
Sat -nav systems determine a position by measuring the distances to a number of known locations - the spacecraft constellation in orbit
In practice , a sat - nav receiver will capture atomic - clock time signals sent from the satellites and convert them into the respective distances A sat - nav device will use the data sent from at least four satellites to get the very best estimate of its position - whether on the ground or in the sky
The whole system is monitored from the ground to ensure satellite clocks do not drift and give out timings that might mislead the user
WHAT WILL GALILEO BE USED FOR ?
Most people know sat -nav from its in - car application ; but there is more .
Much more .
The central component of sat-nav is precise timing .
The atomic clocks flown on the spacecraft keep near - perfect time , equivalent to the theoretical loss of just billionths of a second over 24 hours .
THE SAT - NAV FUTURE
Navigation for navigation 's sake will not drive applications
Uptake pushed forward by services that add value to data
Huge potential for internet - linked services run off mobiles E.g. finding a restaurant , and directing you to nearest ATM Multimedia delivered to tourists ' mobiles as they walk around ' Guardian angel ' services will locate separated children Possibilities are endless ; mobile firms already brainstorming Database and billing companies planning for large markets
This precision timing already plays a fundamental but often neglected role in electricity distribution , the functioning of e-mail and the internet , and in the security of financial transactions .
Galileo's improved clocks - their precision is 10 times better than current space - qualified clocks - will deepen and extend this role .
The better penetration , accuracy and guarantees of service should also give many more entrepreneurs the confidence to build business plans around sat-nav .
With sat -nav capability increasingly incorporated into mobile devices , there is likely to be an explosion in new applications .
Many of these will be quite novel and unexpected uses for sat -nav .
Nonetheless , the transport sector will obviously be a big beneficiary .
Industry will derive major efficiency gains through better management of supply chains and haulage fleets .
Galileo will deliver the tools national governments need to introduce wide - scale road charging .
Galileo will also underpin Europe 's new air - traffic control system .
The single European sky initiative will overhaul current technologies used to keep planes at safe separations , and will allow pilots to fly their own routes and altitudes .
IS GALILEO WORTH THE COST ?
There are many who have had deep reservations about the cost of Galileo from the outset - and , in particular , the uncertainties that exist about what the precise end - cost will be .
This prompted one sceptic to dub Galileo the " Common Agricultural Policy of the sky " .
As first envisaged , it was going to cost EU taxpayers no more than 1.8bn euros .
It will now cost them more than 5bn euros [ PDF ] , according to the European Court of Auditors in its 2009 Galileo report .
The European Commission itself talks about a figure of 7bn euros to complete the network .
There is also an intense debate about the true scale of the revenue opportunities available .
Who will want to pay for Galileo - enhanced services and how much will they be prepared to pay ?
GPS was built at considerable cost by the US taxpayer but the returns for the American economy mean that investment has been repaid many times over .
Early GPS entrepreneurs are now dollar billionaires , but how much room is left in the sat - nav market for others ?
Also , the progress of the project has hardly inspired confidence .
The private consortium of aerospace and telecom companies selected to build and operate Galileo collapsed in 2007 .
Infighting and political meddling were blamed .
Galileo has been bedevilled by delays and cost overruns .
A group of UK MPs said that Galileo provided " a textbook example of how not to run large - scale infrastructure projects " .
All that said , the European Commission is adamant that the potential benefits are huge .
Even if the value of the future global sat-nav market has been overstated ( at 450 bn euros annually from 2025 in one analysis ) , the returns to the EU economy demand member states press ahead with Galileo , the EC believes .
IS GALILEO A " BIG BROTHER " OR " SPY IN THE SKY ? " Galileo , like GPS , is a passive system ; it cannot of itself track individuals .
Just because someone carries an active receiver does not mean their every move can be followed .
This only becomes possible once positional information is forwarded to a third party .
Some individuals will choose to do this ; one can imagine a mobile phone service that alerts friends when you are in their area .
Companies will " tag " high - value deliveries that report their position so that customers have a better idea of when their goods will arrive .
And governments will , in certain circumstances , insist this information is forwarded to collection centres .
A good example would be road pricing , where a vehicle 's movements built - up from sat - nav data are passed to roadside beacons or reported over cellular phone networks .
GALILEO WILL HAVE FIVE SERVICES OPEN ACCESS NAVIGATION
This will be ' free to air ' and for use by the mass market ; Simple timing and positioning down to 1 m COMMERCIAL NAVIGATION Encrypted ;
High accuracy at the cm scale ; Guaranteed service for which service providers will charge fees SAFETY OF LIFE NAVIGATION Open service ;
For applications where guaranteed accuracy is essential ; Integrity messages will warn of errors PUBLIC REGULATED NAVIGATION Encrypted ; Continuous availability even in time of crisis ; Government agencies will be main users SEARCH AND RESCUE System will pick up distress beacon locations ;
Feasible to send feedback , confirming help is on its way Return to top Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Let 's say you wanted to generate and render this XML fragment :
< status code= " 1 " /> < data > < usergroup id =" usr " /> </data >
Here 's a fully object - oriented way of building it :
System .Text.StringBuilder sb = new System . Text.StringBuilder ( ) ; XmlWriterSettings xs = new XmlWriterSettings ( ) ; xs.ConformanceLevel = ConformanceLevel .
Fragment ; xs. Indent = true ; XmlWriter xw = XmlWriter .
Create ( sb , xs ) ; xw. WriteStartElement ( " status " ) ; xw.WriteAttributeString ( " code " , " 1 " ) ; xw.WriteEndElement ( ) ; xw.WriteStartElement ( " data " ) ; xw.WriteStartElement ( " usergroup " ) ; xw. WriteAttributeString ( " id " , " usr " ) ; xw.WriteEndElement ( ) ; xw.WriteEndElement ( ) ; xw. Flush ( ) ; return sb. ToString ( ) ;
That seems like a tremendous amount of code to do something relatively simple .
I could abandon the pure object approach and do it in two lines of code :
string s = @ " < status code= " " { 0} " " /> < data > < usergroup id = " " { 1} " " /> </data > " ; return String .
Format(s , " 1 " , " usr " ) ;
It 's far less code .
And it 's much easier to read !
I 've worked with developers who insisted that everything had to be generated through an object model , even if the object - oriented way required many times the amount of code .
Although I have n't worked with Daniel Cazzulino , he typifies this attitude :
If you 're using Response .
Write , you 're a dreadful citizen of the ASP.
NET world .
As my friend Victor said , " Response .
Write is there just for compatibility reasons and for old script programmers to not feel lonely " .
An app written in such a way will not only be difficult to maintain and evolve , it will be almost impossible to customize ( specially its layout ) , will never catch up with the upcoming mobile features and just hurts the eye .
Everytime I see a Response .
Write , and specially if it's not even kind enough to use HtmlTextWriterTag , HtmlTextWriterAttribute and HtmlTextWriterStyle , the developer who wrote it is instantly removed from my in - memory list of good ASP .
NET programmers .
Like Rick Strahl , I 'm not convinced the verbosity of objects like HtmlTextWriter and XmlTextWriter are warranted .
The idea of " write once , run anywhere " via a complex set of objects and adapters is a pleasant one , but it also adds a heavy burden of verbosity and complexity to your project .
And you probably are n't gonna need it anyway .
Sometimes it 's simpler and clearer to render the HTML or XML directly to the page without all that OO cruft gunking up the works .
Conversations with History host Harry Kreisler welcomes Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad for a discussion of the interplay between theory and practice in shaping national security policy .
Ambassador Khalilzad reflects on the strategic challenges confronting U.S. policymakers after the end of the Cold War ; he describes the difficulties facing the U.S. as it makes the Afghanistan / Pakistan crisis its top strategic priority eight years after the post 9 - 11 Afghanistan War ; and he highlights the need for the U.S. to complement its military power with diplomacy and development aid .
Ambassador Khalilzad concludes with a discussion of lessons learned from his career as a strategist and an ambassador .
http://globetrotter.berkeley.edu/people9/Khalilzad/khalilzad-con0.html
Actress Emily Blunt asked to shrink down to " sickness thin " British actress EMILY BLUNT was asked to slim down to " sickness thin " for her role in fashion industry satire THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA .
The petite MY SUMMER OF LOVE actress was astounded that Hollywood bosses wanted her to be unhealthily skinny .
The 23 - year - old says , " It 's the only thing I 've ever done where they wanted me to lose weight .
This woman asked , ' How much do you weigh ? ' and when I told her she made a face and said , ' You have to get in shape . '
I said , ' Well , really , I think I am in shape .
'" She shook her head as if to say , ' Poor thing . '
So I had to ask just how thin she wanted me to be , She said , ' On - the - edge of sickness thin , ' so , I figured , ' Great , I 'll call you from A+E ( Accident and Emergency ) .
'" Source : http://contactmusic.com/news.nsf/art...20down_1002161
Mickey Rourke never had kids , he was terrified the abuse he suffered would reappearQuote : MICKEY ROURKE has never had kids because he 's terrified the abuse he suffered as a child will reappear .
The SIN CITY star had a difficult relationship with his parents who divorced when he was young .
Rourke did consider starting a family with his second wife , model and actress CARRE OTIS , but their relationship broke down in 1993 after only one year .
The 49 - year - old says , " I 'd love to have kids , but I do n't want to repeat the cycle of abuse my parents started .
I never knew my father and I 'd hate to repeat that kind of cycle with my own children , because I 'd also want to be there for them no matter what .
" My early life was a complete nightmare .
My father left home and my mother then married a guy who never liked my brother JOE and me .
I would have had kids with Carre , but our relationship broke up because of faults on both sides , and if I had children now I 'd only want them if I was in a special relationship like that .
" Ashlee Simpson says she turned down Playboy offer to save herself for lover .
ASHLEE SIMPSON turned down $ 4 million ( GBP2.2 million ) to pose naked in Playboy magazine because she wants to save her body for her boyfriend BRAXTON OLITA .
Despite the staggering offer , the singer says she was reluctant to share herself with millions of male readers .
She says , " My body is for me and my love interest , and that 's the only person who gets to see it . "
http://contactmusic.com/news.nsf/art...ove r_1002152
HARRY POTTER is going to be waving his other wand .
Daniel Radcliffe , the 17 - year - old star of the hugely popular “ Harry Potter ” movies , will play the role of an emotionally disturbed boy who takes off his clothes and blinds horses in a London revival of Peter Shaffer ’s drama “ Equus , ” The Post has learned .
The production is scheduled to open in the West End in January .
Richard Griffiths , known to millions of Harry Potter fans as nasty Uncle Vernon , has been asked to co-star as the psychiatrist who tries to save the boy , a production source said .
Griffiths won a Tony Award last month for his performance in the hit Broadway play “ The History Boys . ”
Griffiths , who declined comment for this article , was with Radcliffe last week , shooting the fifth installment of the Harry Potter series , “ Order of the Phoenix . ”
In an interview with The Post shortly before “ The History Boys ” opened , Griffiths wondered how Radcliffe and the other young “ Harry Potter ” stars would fare as the movies got darker and more complex .
“ Massive acting demands are going to be made on them , ” he said .
“ And the question is : Will they have the emotional technique to do it ? ”
“ Equus ” – an intense and disturbing drama – will certainly make huge acting demands on Radcliffe , who has never acted on stage .
A modern classic , it deals with the complex question of how a conservative , well - ordered society deals with a brutal but passionate act .
The play first opened on Broadway in 1974 , with Anthony Hopkins as the psychiatrist and Peter Firth as the troubled boy .
It won the Tony Award for Best Play in 1975 , and ran 1,200 performances , making it one of the most successful Broadway dramas of all time .
The Horoscope Junkie Hub :
Learn About You And See Your Forecasts
Ian Parkin is the verified author of this post .
Are you a Horoscope Junkie too ?
Great , you will love reading the traits , characteristics and free online forecasts for all zodiac signs here .
You will also get today ’s , this week ’s , this month ’s , and this year 's predictions by professional experts .
You can also learn about the history , groups and significance of your zodiac signs in our guest posts and excellent astrology articles below .
Get Your FREE Personal Horoscope
Here Complete this free form carefully and you will receive frank answers and instructions to guide you and to help you face the future with more serenity to seize every opportunity for success in your life .
Our star signs are based on constellations of stars that outline the earth known as the Zodiac .
As the earth moves it gives the illusion of the stars moving across the heavens .
Each star sign in the Zodiac becomes a sort of event marker and Astrologers are able to interpret the relative positions of the stars with your particular sign to produce your horoscopes .
With down - to - earth questions like - what ’s going to happen in this relationship ?
Or what ’s my spiritual path , or where is the best place to live , or when is my luck going to change ?
We thank the heavens for Astrologers !
Three Cheers all round .
Hip – Hip - Hip - Horory for Astrology !
﻿ So , you are a Real Horoscope Junkie too !
You want to know the star sign when you meet someone new .
You recognize people ’s astrological personality traits .
You prefer people of one star sign over another .
You say you do n’t believe your daily horoscope but you do .
You know which celebrities share your star sign .
You read the zodiac in every magazine and newspaper you pick up in waiting rooms .
You are passionate about your planetary predictions
You have come to the right place for genuine horoscopes with accurate predictions of the future based on the relative positions of the planets in our solar system .
Horoscope Junkie FAQs
Which Is My Zodiac Sign ?
Aquarius January 20 - February 18 - Independent
January 20 - February 18 - Pisces February 19 - March 20 - Impressionable
February 19 - March 20 - Aries March 21 - April 19 - Outgoing
March 21 - April 19 - Taurus April 20 - May 20 - Conservative
April 20 - May 20 - Gemini May 21 - June 21 - Versatile
May 21 - June 21 - Cancer June 22 - July 22 - Emotional
June 22 - July 22 - Leo July 23 - August 22 - Authoritative
July 23 - August 22 - Virgo August 23 - September 22 - Exacting
August 23 - September 22 - Libra September 23 - October 23 - Helpful
September 23 - October 23 - Scorpio October 24 - November 21 - Determined
October 24 - November 21 - Sagittarius November 22 - December 21 - Optimistic
November 22 - December 21 - Capricorn December 22 - January 19 - Cautious
How did astrology evolve ?
When the ancients noticed the planets moving along the ecliptic path , they also noticed the background of fixed stars behind that path .
It would be as though you noticed a background of billboards around a racetrack .
You could tell the positions of the horses around the track just by identifying the billboards behind each horse .
The ancients used the background of fixed stars the same way .
They divided their racetrack ( the ecliptic ) into 12 equal sectors .
Each sector was named after the fixed - star group seen in that sector : Aries the ram for instance .
The ancients referred to these sectors as the " little zoo " , which in Greek is " zodiac " .
Why are the zodiac signs important ?
The planets represent the energies that drive your physical , emotional mental and intuitional systems .
These energies manifest themselves differently depending on the positions of the planets in the signs of the zodiac .
Different signs channel the energies into different behavior patterns , which are then recognized as personality traits .
Is sun sign the same as star sign ?
Your star sign is also often called your sun sign because it ’s actually the position of the Sun in the Zodiac at the time of your birth .
If the Sun was in the part of the Zodiac called Capricorn at the time of your birth , then you are a Capricorn like me .
What are zodiac elements ?
There are four predominant elements used in astrology .
Fire , Earth , Air , and Water .
What is a Fire sign personality ?
The Fire signs are : Aries , Leo and Sagittarius and the personalities are : enthusiastic , courageous , passionate and impulsive .
What does being an earth sign mean ?
The Earth signs are : Taurus , Virgo and Capricorn and the personalities are : practical , materialistic , conservative and inhibited .
What are the characteristics of air signs ?
The Air signs are : Gemini , Libra and Aquarius and the characteristics are : intellectual , adaptive , impractical and superficial .
What are the traits of water signs ?
The Water signs are : Cancer , Scorpio and Pisces and the traits are : emotional , sensitive , placid and susceptible .
These four groups of signs : fire , earth , air , and water , combine to form two major groups that represent two fundamental approaches to life ; active and passive .
The fire and air signs make up the active or masculine signs , while the earth and water signs make up the passive or feminine signs .
It is unfortunate that the ancient horoscope junkie astrologers called the active signs masculine and the passive signs feminine .
Another group occurs among signs that are 90 degrees apart from each other .
There are four signs in each group of qualities , which are cardinal , fixed , or mutable .
They suggest the basic kinds of activity a person will be engaged in - getting things started , keeping them going , or steering them in different directions .
What are cardinal signs in astrology ?
The Cardinal signs are : Aries , Cancer , Libra and Capricorn and the traits are initiating , enterprising , ambitious and domineering .
What does a fixed sign mean in astrology ?
The Fixed signs are : Taurus , Leo , Scorpio and Aquarius and this means characteristics of being determined , conventional , organizing and dogmatic .
What are the mutable signs in astrology ?
The Mutable signs are : Pisces , Gemini , Virgo and Sagittarius and the traits are adaptable , imaginative , tutorial and critical .
If you would like to ask questions , add answers , or post a comment on this page please use my contact form .
Start the conversation with the heading [ About Astrology and Horoscopes ] .
Llewellyn's New A to Z Horoscope Maker and Interpreter : A Comprehensive Self - Study Course
For nearly 100 years , astrologers the world over have trusted the A to Z Horoscope Maker and Interpreter as their primary textbook and reference for all facets of astrology .
Now updated so that today 's generation of astrologers can benefit from Llewellyn George 's timeless interpretations .
Comes with a study guide to help you understand , organize , and remember what you have read , plus a free birth chart offer to get you started .
Find it in my Amazon Shop > >
If you are a horoscope junkie like me , being told you have Asteroids in Uranus is n't really what you want to know .
What we want are real prophecies ; answers to questions like - what ’s going to happen in this relationship ?
or
what ’s my spiritual path ? , or
where is the best place to live ? , or
when is my luck going to change ?
Celestial predictions from experts holding a vision of the heavens while keeping their feet firmly on the ground .
Online Astrology Readings with 3 Free Min + 50 % Off Masters in the ancient art of astrology , Kasamba 's online astrologers use the signs of the zodiac and the positions of the sun , moon , and planets to chart your path to a life of love , laughter , and good fortune .
Get an astrology reading online and have your questions answered today !
Want To Write Astrology Articles For Horoscope Junkies ?
Do you have a desire to write on astrology , star signs , and horoscope predictions ?
Your guest post , if published here , can help build relationships with kindred spirits and can introduce you to a new audience .
You can add a short bio where you can promote your website and / or services .
With the high rate of unique daily visitors to this site ( as confirmed by Alexa ) having your articles featuring in The Horoscope Junkie section of this site is sure to increase your online exposure .
And I share your post to my social channels as well .
Your Horoscope Junkie Articles must be exclusive to this site , ( I do not publish duplicate content and nor should you ) .
This means that you agree not to publish the article elsewhere in the future , and you certify that you have not published , ( or copied or spun ) the content from another website in the past .
Here is a great article on how to write guest posts that get accepted .
I request that your Guest Posts for The Horoscope Junkie are generally 400 words or more .
You can always go over that but not less .
You can also add up to 50 words for your bio if required .
If you have a URL include it and I will format the html when I review your contribution .
Our readership is always interested in weekly , monthly and yearly horoscopes .
As well as : Information and recommendations for books and courses on Astrology , Star Signs , and Horoscopes
Ideas and suggestions on how to make the best out for your charts
Historical , Unusual , Humorous , Poetic , Fascinating , and Personal facets of this Astrological niche
Advice and guidance on horoscope predictions .
Testimonials and reviews of your favorite astrologers
Be sure to add at least one picture to your Horoscope Junkie post .
This especially helps in the social sharing of your page .
If you 're inspired to write a Horoscope Junkie Article please submit a guest post here .
It looks like the new Rolling Stone due out tomorrow will have a doozy of an article by RFK , Jr. whick will look into whether the 2006 election can be hacked .
Based on a few blurbs that were “ sneak previewed ” by Raw Story it looks like there is an even bigger story in that article – an admission by a Diebold consultant that machine software was altered in 5,000 machines in DeKalb and Fulton counties on the day of the election .
If anyone remembers the 2002 election in Georgia , that is the one where Max Cleland ’s five to six point lead was erased overnight to a seven point loss , leading to a miraculous win by Saxby Chambliss , which even describes his come from behind win as “ stunning and historical ” in his Senate website .
And while many indicated that this was due at least in part to an infamous advertisement that compared Cleland ( a war hero ) to Osama Bin Laden , there was always a cloud hanging over this election as this was the first year of the Diebold machines in Georgia , and it just not passing the “ smell test ” .
Now , I am not putting on a tin foil hat here , as we have seen over the past few weeks how easy it is for the Diebold machines to be altered and hacked , but I wanted to point something out from the upcoming article that may get lost in the hullabaloo of RFK Jr. exploring the potential for hacking the 2006 election .
What is interesting here is that the Diebold consultant , Christopher Hood has been outspoken about the good things that Diebold machines can do .
He is quoted here talking about voter outreach and also is quoted talking about how many voters have only heard the criticisms of Diebold .
So when he speaks up , I think it lends some credibility , or at least more than someone who has always been a critic .
Further , the Raw Story excerpt describes Hood as “ an African American whose parents helped fight for voting rights in the South in the 1960s ” and was “ proud to be promoting Diebold ’s machines ” .
But Hood talks of what I would certainly call “ funny business ” going on in Georgia during August 2002 right before the primaries .
Things like software patches that were not approved by the State , directions from Diebold ’s election unit president to not share information with the county authorities , and early morning changes to machines on ( I believe primary ) election day .
The company was authorized to put together ballots , program machines and train poll workers across the state – all without any official supervision .
“ We ran the election , ” says Hood .
“ We had 356 people that Diebold brought into the state .
Diebold opened and closed the polls and tabulated the votes .
Diebold convinced ( Georgia Secretary of State Cathy )
Cox that it would be best if the company ran everything due to the time constraints , and in the interest of a trouble - free election , she let us do it . ”
So basically , there was a deal where Diebold had free reign over the entire Georgia election process for 2002 .
Which included training the workers , setting up the machines , counting the votes , and , well , just about everything else .
And then Diebold ’s election unit president stepped in and made the story even more interesting :
Then , one muggy day in mid-August , Hood was surprised to see the president of Diebold ’s election unit , Bob Urosevich , arrive in Georgia from his headquarters in Texas .
With the primaries looming , Urosevich was personally distributing a “ patch , ” a little piece of software designed to correct glitches in the computer program .
“ We were told that it was intended to fix the clock in the system , which it did n’t do , ” Hood says .
“ The curious thing is the very swift , covert way this was done . ”
And thanks to the agreement between Cox and Diebold , there was no need to certify the change to the software , since Diebold was pretty much running the election process – at least the administration of it .
“ It was an unauthorized patch , and they were trying to keep it secret from the state , ” Hood told me .
“ We were told not to talk to county personnel about it .
I received instructions directly from Urosevich .
It was very unusual that a president of the company would give an order like that and be involved at that level . ”
What then happened on the day of the elections ( and again , the blurbs lead me to think it was the primaries , but as we know from the recent video of the Princeton scientists as well as the many other demonstrations showing how to hack the Diebold machines without leaving a trace ) , the “ patch ” may ( and I say this until there is definitive proof , but it does lead you to scratch your head and say “ hmmmm ” ) have set the stage for the general elections as well .
According to Hood , Diebold employees altered software in some 5,000 machines in DeKalb and Fulton counties – the state ’s largest Democratic strongholds .
To avoid detection , Hood and others on his team entered warehouses early in the morning .
“ We went in at 7:30 a.m. and were out by 11 , ” Hood says .
“ There was a universal key to unlock the machines , and it ’s easy to get access .
The machines in the warehouses were unlocked .
We had control of everything .
The state gave us the keys to the castle , so to speak , and they stayed out of our way . ”
Hood personally patched fifty - six machines and witnessed the patch being applied to more than 1,200 others .
What the patch ultimately was for and did is unknown as of now .
It may be known when the Rolling Stone article is released tomorrow .
We may never know .
But we do know that someone who was a “ proud Diebold consultant ” has suddenly come out and admitted that he , as well as others at the direction of Diebold ’s election unit president were asked to alter machines in heavily Democratic areas under orders of secrecy .
And just the fact that this happened should make you outraged .
UPDATE : It looks like Hood is a FORMER Diebold consultant .
Not that it makes much of a difference to the facts but I wanted to put that out there once I realized it .
I also added and clarified some titles for more accuracy since this is BIG .
Diebold
elections
2002 election
Georgia elections
voter irregularities
An intricate network of channels beneath Antarctica 's ice sheets could allow water , and possibly life , to shuttle from one underground lake to another , a new study suggests .
Using ultra-precise radar measurements taken with the European Space Agency 's ERS - 2 satellite , researchers discovered small changes in the heights of surface ice overlying subglacial lakes in a region of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet known as Dome Concordia .
As one region lowered by about 10 feet , two others , located some 180 miles away , rose by about 3 feet .
The researchers believe this teeter - totter effect can be explained by the transfer of nearly half a cubic mile of water from one lake to two subglacial lakes over a 16 - month period .
At its peak , this flow would have been equal to the water contained in nearly half a million 10 - foot - deep Olympic - sized swimming pools .
The finding is detailed in the March 20 issue of the journal Nature .
Like beads on a string
" The lakes are like a set of beads on a string , where the lakes are the beads connected by a string , or river of water , " said study leader Duncan Wingham from University College London .
Usually , there is little flow along the string .
Over time , however , a buildup of pressure in one lake could send water flowing along the string , where it dumps into the next lake .
Once this process is set in motion , it triggers a positive feedback loop where flowing water melts the ice and carves out larger channels , allowing more water to flow .
Some of these discharges might even carry lake water all the way to the coast of Antarctica , where it gets dumped into the ocean , the researchers speculate .
Such discharges could explain strange landscape features in East and West Antarctica that appear to have been sculpted by flowing water .
Contamination could spread
The new finding challenges a widely held notion that subglacial lakes formed in isolation and are long - lived .
It could also put a damper on planned drillings into Antarctica 's largest subglacial Lake Vostok , to probe for signs of microbial life .
If subglacial lakes are interconnected , as the new finding suggests , then any type of contamination introduced into one lake could spread to others .
" Our data show that any contamination will not be limited to one lake , but will over time extend down the length of the network of rivers , " Wingham said .
" We had thought of these lakes as isolated biological laboratories .
Now we are going to have to think again . "
You own the metric for measuring their success .
If the resources are people , you evaluate their performance .
And not just that , you decide how to evaluate their performance .
If Human Resources decides , for example , that attendance in the office during certain hours is how someone earns a bonus , you are not managing those people .
And if the resources are systems , you decide whether those systems are worthwhile .
If your Information Technology department chooses systems for developers based on “ corporate standards , ” you are not managing those systems .
You direct the activities of the resources .
In biblical terms , “ You stay to one man , ‘ come , ’ and he cometh .
You say to another , ‘ go , ’ and he goeth . ”
Of course , you may choose more indirect ways of directing activities , such as changing metrics for success , mentoring , or delegating .
But if you ’re managing development , you must have authority over the resources needed to develop software .
And that means directing those resources .
( This originally appeared on my web site in 2002 )
Here ’s a very simple question :
What does it mean tosoftware development ?
This question is important , because many times different people have very different answers .
And if one of them is accountable to the other , there is bound to be trouble .
In this brief essay , I will give my own personal definition .
It is certainly not a universal definition , and I ’m not suggesting it is necessary to agree with this definition to be successful in your career or on your project .
However , I suggest that thinking about the answer to this question and being in agreement with everyone else on your team and in your organisation will help you succeed .
The fundamental definition : “ Management ” is You are accountable for something ( even if you ’re working alone on a personal project , you ’re holding yourself accountable ) .
Now , what are you accountable for ?
If you ’re accountable for adhering to a specific process or plan or following directions , you are not managing .
You ’re administering .
With any luck the plan is in writing .
This is true even if you wrote the plan yourself .
Ask yourself this simple question : is your job following the plan or developing software ?
If you are managing software development , you must be accountable for the results of the development : you must be accountable for the software itself .
Good management is based on measurement : being able to measure success in an objective way .
You might now ‘ own ’ the metric for success : someone else might declare that success is hitting a certain date , meeting certain requirements , or even shipping with a certain feature list .
But whatever the metric is , if you are accountable for results , you must understand and endorse the metric .
If you do n’t understand the metric for success , you ’re guessing , not managing .
And if you do n’t endorse it , you ’re subverting , not managing .
Everyone has resources .
For a programmer , resources are a development system , a compiler , an editor , and so forth .
For a team leader , resources include other developers .
Now , do you or do n’t you have authority over those resources ?
If someone else tells them what to do , if they come and go at someone else ’s discretion , if someone else dictates what you ’ll use and how you ’ll use it , you do n’t have authority over your resources and you are n’t managing .
Authority over resources means :
You must have the freedom to “ trim in flight : ” if you wrote a plan , you must have the freedom to change the plan .
If you do n’t have the personal confidence and approval of your organisation to make decisions during the life of the project , you are not managing the project .
Accountability and authority are necessary but not sufficient conditions for management .
You must employ your authority to achieve results by making decisions .
Furthermore , your decisions must be based on judgement .
Many people use the word “ decision ” to describe the act of articulating the course of action for a team .
Lots of people with the word “ manager ” in their title tell their reports what to do .
But they are n’t making decisions if they are told what to say by their manager , or by the plan , or even by an essay they read on the Internet .
A decision is when there are two or more options , each of which has some merit , and you choose the option to pursue based on your own judgement .
A final thought :
Finally , I want to emphasise the element of courage .
If one course of action is obviously superior to all the others , articulate things and move on .
But the act of management occurs when you have two or more meritorious options in front of you .
It is especially difficult when the stakes are high and your decision could lead to success or disaster .
That is when you are managing : when you exercise your courage .
There you are : you are being held accountable for results .
So if your decision leads to poor results , you ’ll take the blame without whining that you “ followed the plan . ”
You have the authority to carry out your decision : you cannot later complain that “ you had the right idea , but the team failed to follow through . ”
And you had several reasonable options , so you know that hindsight will reveal other options available to you .
But you have the courage , and you manage : you accept responsibility , you exercise authority , and you make a decision .
That ’s management .
CLR , architectures , and stuff
2/7/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
In my last blog entry I described the problem of servers over committing resources .
There are ...
Author : Patrick Dussud Date : 05/07/2007
In the past few years , I have helped various groups deal with server problems related to resource ...
Author : Patrick Dussud Date : 12/04/2006
I am aggregating the responses to the comments about my first post : About Common Lisp and Lisp in ...
Author : Patrick Dussud Date : 12/01/2006
Hello everyone , I am the Lead Architect of the CLR / UIFX group and the Chief Architect of the .NET ...
Author : Patrick Dussud Date : 11/21/2006
While NEC was showing off their cute little robot , capable of “ tasting ” wines ( using its built - in ) photospectrometer to the Associated Press , they got just a little more than they bargained for …
When a reporter ’s hand was placed against the robot ’s taste sensor , it was identified as prosciutto .
Subesequently , a cameraman was mistaken for bacon .
I guess that Old Glory robot insurance might come in handy afterall .
[ via Collision Detection via Engadget ]
The Swedish Pirate Party and PiratbyrÃ¥n are organizing a protest demonstration in Stockholm and GÃ¶teborg on Sathurday ( tomorrow ) .
The protests are starting at at 3 pm ( Stockholm ) and 4.30 pm ( GÃ¶teborg ) local time .
Marcin de Kaminski from PiratbyrÃ¥n stated :
“ This is no longer about just a raid on the Pirate Bay , but has become a major justice scandal .
We have contacted all Parliamentary parties and their youth organizations regarding a demonstration we are planning , ”
So , go there !
if live close to Stockholm .
Let them know they ’re wrong .
www.piratdemonstration.se
And send all your pictures and juicy stories to [ email protected ] to keep us up - to - date .
You are currently visiting The Writings on the Stall , an online repository of writings found on restroom walls .
More .
Brunswick Junior High School
Brunswick , Maine , USA 04011
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
Fuck me suck me ,
make me bleed .
Kinky sex ,
is what i need .
I read this above a urinal one day back in junior high .
I 'll never foget it .
Nor will I forget how hard it is to pee while laughing hysterically , or the strange looks people gave me when I walked out , still chuckling to myself .
Hotel Lobby Restroom
Illinois USA
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
Some come here to sit and think ,
some come here to shit and stink ,
but I come here to itch my balls ,
and read the writing on the walls .
I thought this was a funny poem ...
Veronica Hall , Alvernia College
Reading , Pennsylvania USA 19607
Men 's restroom , in the basement / dungeon
On the ceiling above the toilet seat .
Your shit must feel real good if your looking up here .
I looked at this writing every day of my freshman year .
No idea who put it there .
Tara Anglican School for Girls
Sydney , NSW Australia 2151
Women 's restroom , 2nd floor
If you tinkle and you sprinkle ,
Be a sweetie wipe the seatie
Just thought it was a cute rhyme for a chicks bathroom .
Dreamgirls Strip Club
Minneapolis , Minnesota 55404
Women 's restroom , 1st and only floor
Brenda fucked my man
She fucked mine too !
Who 's your man ?
Jayvon - I 'll kick her ass
I 'm gonna kick YOUR ass - Jayvon 's my man 's name !!!!!
This last has to be from Brenda herself :
Stop flattening my tires you stoopid hoes - u see hes not no good
And under THAT :
And now I 'M fuckin him !
Trish
And finally :
jokes on all of you - he gave my clamidia !!!
Betsie
Betsie was the only female bouncer in the place , and everyone was scared of her — so they barred Jayvon ( who really WAS sleeping with half of the dancers ) and all stripped happily ever after !
Sportsmans ' Park Restrooms
Idaho Falls , ID 83404
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
For a good conversation , meet here at 2:50 pm on July 10 .
Look for a maroon van .
Known locally as " Peter Park " because the homosexual perverts ( not to say all homosexuals are perverts , just the twisted , child molesting ones ) like to meet there , I found myself in that bathroom , on that day , at 2:47 PM .
I cannot describe the abject horror I felt .
I peed on myself in my haste to exit the bathroom , and sure enough , a maroon minivan pulled up at 2:49 and a suspicious pervert got out and checked the bathroom .
If you have ever seen Dumb and Dumber , you can't even imagine the terror of the truckstop bathrooom scene .
John Yeats Middle School
Suffolk , Virginia USA 23435
Women 's restroom , 1st and only
Killing for peace is like fucking for chastity .
John Yeats Middle School
Suffolk , Virginia USA 23435
Women 's restroom , 1st and only floor
Sticks and stones may break my bones ,
but whips and chains excite me ,
So ... throw me down ,
and tie me up and show me that you like me .
I saw it and I loved it .
Ohio USA
Women 's restroom , 1st floor
I HAD SEX IN THIS STALL !
I noticed it while I was on the toilet and it really grossed me out ...
I think it meant that that chick had sex in the stall .
Clear Run Intermediate School
Tobyhanna , PA , USA 18466
Women 's restroom , 2nd floor
Here I sit I 'm at a loss
Trying to shit out taco sauce
I know I 'm gonna drop a load
I only hope I do n't explode
This only stayed for a little while , but it made me laugh .
Gotta love those cafeteria tacos !
Rest Stop
Somewhere in Ohio USA
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
You are at a 45 degree angle .
This inscription was located in the bottom front corner of the stall , in small enough print that you had to bend over to read it .
Work
Tucson , Arizona USA 85715
Men 's restroom , 3rd
JESUS SAVES !
- below -
YEAH , BUT MOSES INVESTS .
Brilliant in its subtlety .
Oak Ridge High School
The Woodlands , Texas USA 77382
Women 's restroom , 1st and only floor
jessica loves michael
( Below . )
so it was u !!!
Apparently someone was cheating on his girlfriend ... and she found out !
Coop H.S .
New Haven , Connecticut USA 06510
Women 's restroom , 3rd floor
In the handicap stall , the right - hand corner by the door ,
Suck my balls
And underneath it , in different handwriting ,
If you have balls then why are you in the girl 's bathroom ?
I guess the person who wrote the reply had n't been in Coop long enough to hear tales of " The Boom - Boom Room . "
A building belonging to Yale University
New Haven , Connecticut USA 06510
Women 's restroom , basement floor
Mmm ...
Pussy
And right underneath it ;
Maturity ... ai n't it grand ?
I guess Yalies are no different from everyone else .
Mr. P Potty
Calgary , Alberta CANADA V2P LR5
Men 's restroom , dirt ground porto potty , ( slighty elevated )
I see you taking that shit !
Now put it back .
My presumptions would be that when you are being secretly observed doing your business it 's nice to know that the onlooker is at least kind enough to let you know about it .
Port-a- Can
Jackson , Mississippi USA 39641
Unisex restroom , ground floor
A womans ass and a wine glass will leave a man scratching a broke ass .
Wrote by my dad as words of wisdom to all us young guys .
Lowe 's Hardware
Waycross , Georgia USA 31501
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
These colors never run .
Written in black magic marker below an attempt to draw a U.S. flag , also in black magic marker , on a beige background , with far too few stars and only six stripes .
The Top
Gainesville , Florida USA 32601
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
Ramesh
sucks
at
Life ?!?
Written in an odd yellow glittery permanent marker .
Downtown Library
Gainesville , Florida USA 32601
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
JESUS CLONES YOU
Apparently someone took issue with the proselytizing .
Concordia University
Buetow Music Building
St. Paul , Minnesota USA 55104
Women 's restroom , 1st floor
i love brian !
apparently not enough to keep from defacing a bathroom stall .
The second was written underneath the first , in different handwriting that looked like a professor's .
Jackpot
Raleigh , North Carolina USA 27606
Women 's restroom , 1st floor
A kiss is two questions answered at once .
Construction Site
Irvine , California USA
Unisex restroom , 1st floor
Do n't eat the white mint .
This was on the wall of a " porta - potty " on a construction site .
University College Dublin
Library building
Dublin IRELAND 01
Women 's restroom , 2nd floor
Written on the left wall :
* TOILET TENNIS *
look right
Written on the right wall :
look left
This could keep you going for awhile !
Outside main Palace
Port -o- Potty
Tikrit IRAQ 09036
Unisex restroom
Everybody pisses on the floor .
be a hero and shit on the ceiling
Got to love the minds of our nation 's soldiers .
So inventive .
Janitor 's note : Wow , our first entry from a soldier in Iraq ( ? ) !
Administrative
Spokane , Washington USA
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
FATTY MCGEE , YOUR THE FATEST
Huh ?
Explanation from The Daily Farmer :
This is a reference to an Adam Sandler CD [ They 're All Gonna Laugh At You ] bit about a fat kid who wheezes so loud when he climbs stairs that the fire dept .
thinks that it is a fire alarm .
When they realize that it is just the kid , they say ...
" Oh Fatty McGee , you 're that fattest ! "
Humptys Resturant
Calgary , Alberta CANADA 102-920
Women 's restroom , 1st floor
I was here but now i'm not I sat right here and smoked some pot , I 'm writing this to make a point , Lifes a bitch so smoke a joint
I agree !
Hastings College
Music Building
Hastings , Nebraska USA 37076
Men 's restroom , main floor
Written on tank next to handle :
Please wiggle Handel
Written below it :
If I do , will it wiggle Bach ?
Being a music student at the time , I found this to be clever and have always remembered it .
Georgia Southern University
Henderson Library
Statesboro , Georgia USA 30460
Men 's restroom , bottom floor
Make me a Taco Bitch !
Below writing in a different pen :
Okay , you 're a Taco Bitch .
Happy ?
When you leave out the comma the meaning is not the same .
English Majors tend to remind us of this .
Circuit Court Montgomery County
Rockville , Maryland USA 20850
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
WHY LOOK HERE - THE JOKES
IN YOUR HAND
LOCATED AT A URINAL
Shari's Restaurant
Shoreline , Washington USA 98133
Women 's restroom , only floor
here I sit all broken hearted
tried to shit but only farted
then one day I took a chance
tried to fart and shit my pants
Saw the first half already posted on here ... has been one of my favorite stall writings for a few years now .
Vines High School
Plano , Texas USA
Women 's restroom , 1st floor
Here I sit
Broken - hearted
Came to shit
But only farted
I laughed so hard I almost fell in ...
University of New Hampshire
Whittimore Center Arena
Durham , New Hampshire USA 03824
Women 's restroom , main floor
My copy of " How to serve man " is missing .
Has anyone seen it ?
Jen
This was found just after a meeting of science fiction geeks had left .
There is a story that boils down to this :
Aliens show up , end all wars , make everyone healthy and strong .
Someone notices a book all of the aliens carry and asks what it is , hears " How to serve man " and asks for translated copy .
Turns out to be a cookbook .
Barracks , Sheppard Air Force Base
Wichita Falls , Texas USA
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
On the wall of the stall :
anybody can piss on the floor .. to inpress me , be a hero and shit on the ceiling
And someone had thrown something brown up on the ceiling and then left this message :
OK .
I 'm a hero , now where 's my medal !
This was back in 1971 and I thought it was funny as hell ...
University of East Anglia
Science Block
Norwich UK NR4 7TJ
Men 's restroom , 1st floor
I was visiting UEA ( University of East Anglia ) and found this gem on the wall of the stall .
Do n't beam me up Scottie , I 'm having a Sh
The thought of Jim squatting on the transporter pad just made me ache with laughter .
Reggies Sandwich Factory
Barrie , Ontario CANADA N6E 1R7
Women 's restroom , 2nd floor
have you found that sex lately has been a pain in the ass ?
well turn around !
you 're doing it the wrong way !!
Written below :
NO YOU'RE IN THE WRONG BATHROOM
The meaning is obvious , however these were stalls known for sexual conquests .
Australia Square
Sydney , AUSTRALIA
Men 's restroom , 14th floor
Free Chile
Underneath :
With every hamburger
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Stratton Student Center
Cambridge , Massachusetts USA 02139
Men 's restroom , ground floor
America lost its viginity in Viet Nam .
... and got the clap too .
hey , I got the clap in Viet Nam .
You should watch who you go out with .
SO SHOULD AMERICA !
Circa 1972 .
Each line in a different hand .
Took several weeks to complete .
Franklin High School , 300 building
Franklin , Virginia USA 23851
Men 's restroom
Why are you staring at the wall .... the joke is in your hand
Creative for teenagers .
Port-a- Potty
Milton , Florida USA 32583
Unisex restroom , floor : ground
This toilet paper is like John Wayne .
Tough as nails and dont take shit off nobody .
A classic , and one of the best in my opinion .
Pasadena College
Pasadena , California USA 91755
Men 's restroom
a man must have great ambition in life to have to write his name on the wall of a bathroom stall
I noticed this writen on the wall after i tagged my name ...
Made me think .
Food 4 Less
Carson , California USA 90243
Women 's restroom , 1st floor
On a sign that said " Please wash your hands completely clean " someone wrote :
how ?
there 's no soap !
Damn cheap bathrooms .
George Washington Bus Terminal
New York , New York USA 10033
Men 's restroom , 2nd floor
Written in a red sharpie :
" God is Dead " - Fred
Written in a black sharpie :
Fred is Dead , .... GOD !
Probably means an atheist with no invisable [ sic ] means of support . :-)
My guess is that it do n't pay to piss off God in the urinal .
[ Note from a Stall visitor : " Fred " is referring to Frederick Nieztche , the philosopher , who said , " God is dead . " ]
Outhouse - in a city park
Charlotte , Michigan USA 48823
Unisex restroom
This is a tee pee
for a pee pee .
Not a wig wam
to beat your tom - tom .
I read this back in the 1950's when I was in grade school .
It took a few years before I would grasp the meaning of it .
Polaris Mall
Port - a - john during construction
Columbus , Ohio USA 43023
Men 's restroom
OSHA regulation 42 - 2 :
All turds over 6 inches must be hand lowered .
Safety is always an issue on large construction sites .
The Writings on the Stall Archive
More entries located in the Men's , Unisex and Women 's archives .
" You do the best you can , you fight technology in all kinds of ways , but I do n't know anybody who 's made a record that sounds decent in the past 20 years , really , " Dylan tells the novelist Jonathan Lethem for Rolling Stone magazine .
Responding to claims by record companies and some artists that illegal downloading starves them of income , he says : " It was like , ' everybody 's gettin ' music for free ' .
I was like , ' well , why not ?
It ai n't worth nothing anyway ' . "
In the 20 - year period he condemns Dylan has released eight studio albums , but he makes no attempt to exempt his own work from his critique .
Speaking of his latest CD , released in the US next week , he says : " Even these songs probably sounded 10 times better in the studio when we recorded 'em . "
The singer - songwriter 's ambivalent feelings about recording his songs are already well known .
Sean Wilentz , the Princeton historian and Dylan expert , told the Guardian : " He 's never really been happy in the studio anyway - he goes in and gets out as quickly as he can .
Partly it 's a reaction against overproduction , and I think he wanted to move towards an older and crisper sound ... but [ also ]
I think he likes to think of himself as a spontaneous performer , and he 's always said what you 're getting on a record is just more concise - each of those versions is what it is , but it 's not the perfect recording .
That 's not possible . "
Dylan made clear his yearning for the music of the past when he began a weekly show on US satellite radio this year .
His first playlist was a wide - ranging tour through the history of American music , encompassing Fats Domino , Judy Garland , Stevie Wonder , Dean Martin , Frank Sinatra and Muddy Waters .
His main criticism of contemporary CDs is the lack of sound clarity arising when producers try to make each strand of a recording as uniformly loud as possible .
" You listen to these modern records , they 're atrocious , they have sound all over them .
There 's no definition of nothing , no vocal , no nothing , just , like ... static . "
Dylan has therefore decided to produce his latest album , entitled Modern Times , himself .
" I felt like I 've always produced my own records anyway , except I just had someone there in the way .
I feel like nobody 's gonna know how I should sound except me anyway ... I can do that in my sleep . "
But his despair about new recording techniques does not mean he rejects new musicians out of hand .
One track on the new album has a glowing reference to the R&B singer Alicia Keys .
" I remember seeing her on the Grammys .
I think I was on the show with her , I did n't meet her or anything .
But I said to myself , ' There 's nothing about that girl I do n't like ' . "
Referring to sound technology , Mike Howlett , who chairs the Music Producers Guild , said : " If there is a problem then it lies with the quality of the music ; therefore Dylan seems to be confusing quality of performance with sound quality .
The top end of digital equipment gives a highly accurate reproduction of the signal coming in , so it is neither helping nor hindering the sound . "
But he said the sound of analogue equipment gave " some interesting distortions " , which lent music " a certain character " .
Sound bites
1887 Thomas Edison uses a tinfoil cylinder phonograph to record the human voice ( singing Mary had a little lamb ) for the first time .
The original is said to be missing , but a 1927 re-enactment can now be downloaded in MP3 format
1925 Research pioneered by Western Electric benefits from advancements in microphone and loudspeaker technology .
The first electrically recorded discs go on sale , with recordings of whole orchestras
1948 The first series of 12 - inch vinyl LPs is introduced by Columbia Records , offering 20 minutes a side and more durability than previous formats .
Within decades , stereo recordings , based on the work of the scientist AD Blumlein in the 1930s , are challenging mono sound
1963 Philips demonstrates the first compact audio cassettes that rely on high - quality polyester tape , but they are originally marketed for dictation .
Three years later , car stereos are equipped with eight - track stereo tape cassette players .
In 1969 Dolby B noise reduction is introduced
1982 Sony and Philips launch the five - inch compact disc .
Digital technology opens the door to new sampling techniques in music studios .
Within six years , CD sales overtake LP sales - in a decade , CDs become the dominant form of recorded music
1997 Tomislav Uzelac develops the first successful MP3 player , which uses compressed digital audio files .
Four years later Apple Computer uses MP3 technology to launch the iPod
79 - page report , entitled " Warlord Inc , " faults the US military for making trucking companies who deliver goods to US military bases in Afghanistan responsible for their own security .
It details how eight trucking companies that share a $ 2.1 billion contract are forced to pay warlords and Afghan officials to pass unhindered with their convoys .
In some cases , the companies pay as much as $ 150,000 a month for protection , or as much as $ 1,500 per truck , according to internal memos and other documents reproduced in the report .
The report accuses the military of turning a blind eye to the problem .
I 'm sure this is both necessary and good as part of the larger picture :
Hong Kong Time
Join us by snapping the sunset or a shadow cast by the sun and share it on Instagram ( @shadwohunter_ashk ) , with hashtag # shadowhunter and #nextacthk .
Selected photos will be used as the backdrops for the listening party .
1) Who Represents ? , a database for agencies to the rich and famous :
http://www.whorepresents.com
2 ) Experts Exchange , a knowledge base where programmers can exchange
advice and views :
http://www.expertsexchange.com
3 ) Looking for a pen ?
Look no further than Pen Island :
http://www.penisland.net
4 ) Need a therapist ?
http://www.therapistfinder.com
5 ) Mole Station Native Nursery , based in New South Wales :
http://www.molestationnursery.com
6 ) Gas central heating anyone ?
http://www.gasheating.co.uk
7 ) New to Milan and you need electric light ?
Why not sign up on - line with
Power - Gen ?
http://www.powergenitalia.com
Here 's a list of some funny URLs , where the designer did n't thinking about how people would read the name of the site :
It ’s a golden rule in most businesses that salaries must be kept secret .
Except for a few heretics it is almost universally accepted that mayhem would ensue in the workplace if people knew what their co-workers , their managers or – gasp – the CEO was making .
Making salaries open inside a company instead seems like a wild idea sure , but it makes a lot of sense and brings advantages for both the workplace and for its people .
Read on to see why .
The case against secret salaries
There are three major reasons why secret salaries are silly :
It frustrates employees because any unfairness ( real or perceived ) ca n’t be addressed directly .
They ’re not secret anyway .
People talk , you know .
It perpetuates unfair salaries which is bad for people and for the organization
Let ’s look at each of these .
If Johnson over in production is making 1.000 more a month than I am and the CEO is making 22 times what I ’m making , then hopefully there ’s a good reason for it – one that I as an employee am entitled to know and capable of understanding .
So why are salaries treated as state secrets ?
The main reason may precisely be that they ’re not currently fair and therefore making them open seems dangerous to many workplaces .
Maybe Johnson is making more than me , not because he does a better job , but because he drives a harder bargain when it comes time to negotiate salaries .
Or sucks up to the boss .
Or has some pictures from the last christmas office party showing the VP of marketing and an intern in … never mind .
That does n’t seem fair , does it ?
We can all agree , I think , that it makes much more sense to determine salaries based on people ’s value to the company .
I have worked at two different companies where salaries were secret and guess what :
They were n’t .
Most people knew what most others were getting .
In one company I consulted for , the IT department had even found the Excel spreadsheets HR kept the salaries in .
They knew what everyone was getting .
And here ’s the problem :
If Johnson ’s salary is ( unfairly ) higher than mine , and secret , I ca n’t complain to my manager about it because I can’t admit that I know about it .
When a company sets up a situation where people can see the unfairness but ca n’t address it directly , or even discuss it openly , they ’re rigging the system for maximum frustration .
Companies must attempt to pay their people as fairly as possible .
You might think a company should try to pay people as little as possible , but companies who subscribe to that philosophy must be prepared to steadily lose all their good employees to competitors willing to pay people what they ’re worth .
A company must attempt to pay each employee a fair salary , ie .
one that matches the employee ’s skills , the market average and other employees inside the company .
In other words , the company itself has a vested interest in keeping salaries fair , and keeping salaries secret makes that nearly impossible .
The case for open salaries
Making salaries public ( inside the company of course ) has some major advantages :
Salaries will become more fair .
The system gets a chance to adjust itself .
It will be easier to retain the best employees because they ’re more likely to feel they ’re getting a fair salary .
The pressure is on the people with the high salaries to earn their keep .
Everybody has to pull their weight – the higher the salary , the larger the weight .
I believe on a very fundamental level that openness is better than secrecy , in life and in business .
I ’m not naïve enough to share all information all the time , but my chosen approach is “ Let ’s make everything open by default and only make those things secret that absolutely need to be ” .
Would I share my list of prospective clients with my competitors ?
Nah .
Would I share it inside the company ?
Heck , yeah !
So when I co-founded an IT company back in 1997 , we decided right from the beginning to make salaries open .
We even had a page on the intranet where everybody could see what everybody else got .
And yes , this did cause some discussions along the lines of “ Hey , why am I getting less than Johnson , my work is at least as good at his ” .
We took those discussions seriously and we either clarified the difference in salary ( eg. “ Johnson gets more because his clients are consistently more satisfied than yours ” ) or we adjusted the salaries to match .
Semco is a Sao Paulo - based company of 3.000 people who ’ve gone one step further :
They allow employees to set their own salaries .
No really , they do !
This works only because all salaries are open .
I could demand a high salary and get it but I ’d better be showing results because people are sure to be watching those who make a lot of money .
That ’s a business experiment only for the truly daring enterprise , but Semco has demonstrated for the rest of us that it can work .
Ricardo Semler , the owner of Semco said this about the value of discussing salaries openly :
Salaries are a sensitive subject , but open communication is important enough that it should be tested , even if there is a price to pay .
It ’s at the very heart of a shared culture .
If discussion of salaries is taboo , what else is off limits ?
The only source of power in an organization is information , and withholding , filtering , or retaining information only serves those who want to accumulate power through hoarding .
Once an e-mail is not circulated , or if it is edited , then illegitimate pockets of power are created .
Some people are privy to information that others do n’t possess .
Remove those pockets , and a company removes a source of dissatisfaction , bickering , and political feuding .
– Ricardo Semler in his excellent book The Seven - Day Weekend
You tell ’em Ricardo .
Making salaries open opens yet another pocket of information that the power - hungry would otherwise use to consolidate their positions – to the detriment of co-workers and the organization .
So come on : Make salaries public .
Put them on the intranet .
I dare you !
Why keep them a secret ?
There is one requirement for open salaries to work though : Employees must know what factors influence salaries .
Are they based on customer satisfaction , hours worked , quality , sales figures , seniority , skills , commitment to the compay , education , etc …
What matters when setting salaries and what does n’t matter ?
If the company has not clearly stated this , comparisons are meaningless .
It is of course management ’s responsibility to know and to publicize the factors that determine employees ’ salaries .
In our company we decided this together , and we agreed that the most important factors would be customer satisfaction and commitment to the company and that formal education and seniority did n’t matter .
We put this in a document on the intranet as well .
I can safely say , that making salaries open was one of the best things we did for our company and it almost made salary a non-issue – it was certainly nothing that caused us any frustration or troubles .
So try it : Make salaries open .
I double - dare you .
UPDATE : This post sure generated a lot of comments .
I love it !
I ’ve posted a comment round - up here .
If you liked this post , I think you ’ll also like these :
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
A few more thoughts on quarterbacks :
There are two separate issues with respect to quarterbacks .
The first is whether , historically , NFL teams have done a good job of predicting which college quarterbacks will succeed in the pros .
Dave Berri and Rob Simmons ’ paper in the Journal of Productivity Analysis ( that I relied on in the essay “ Most Likely to Succeed ” in my new book “ What The Dog Saw ” ) proves pretty convincingly , I think , that the answer is no .
One of the best parts of that paper is how Berri and Simmons demonstrate how much NFL teams tend to irrationally over - weight “ combine ” variables like speed , height and Wonderlic score .
There ’s a second wonderful paper on this general subject by Cade Massey and Richard Thaler — Thaler being , of course , one of the leading lights in behavioral economics — called “ The Loser ’s Curse . ”
The argument of the Thaler - Massey paper goes something like this ( and I encourage anyone who is interested in sports to read the whole thing , because I ca n’t do it justice here ) .
By looking at the trades that NFL teams make , we can estimate the “ market value ” of a draft pick .
And what we find is that teams place a very high value on high first round picks .
The first pick in the draft , they write , has historically been valued as much as “ the 10th and 11th picks combined , and as much as the sum of the last four picks in the first round . ”
Then Thaler and Massey calculate the true value of draft picks , using what they call “ surplus value . ”
The key here is that all NFL teams operate under a strict salary cap .
So a player ’s real worth to a team is the extent to which his performance exceeds the average performance of someone making his salary .
And what do they find ?
That market value and surplus value are radically out of sync : that teams irrationally over - weight the importance of high first round picks .
In fact , according to their analysis , the most useful draft picks are in the second round , not the first : that ’s where surplus values tend to be highest .
Hence the title of the paper : “ The Loser ’s Curse . ”
The NFL rewards its weakest teams by giving them the highest draft picks — but those picks are actually not the most valuable picks in the draft .
It is important to note here that we are talking about relative value .
Personnel decisions in the NFL have clear opportunity costs : if you pay $ 15 million for a quarterback who only gives you $ 10 million of value , then you hve $ 5 million less to pay for a good linebacker .
As they write : “ To be clear , the player taken with the first pick does have the highest expected performance . . . but he also has the highest salary , and in terms of performance per dollar , is less valuable than players taken in the second round . ”
What Massey and Thaler are saying , in essence , is that NFL general managers are not rational decision - makers .
That ’s why I think its so useful in this particular discussion .
Those who believe that draft position is a good predictor of quarterback performance are essentially voting for the good judgment of the people who make draft decisions .
And what Berri and Simmons in particular — and Massey and Thaler in general — remind us is that that kind of blind faith in the likes of Matt Millen and Al Davis simply is n’t justified .
And , by the way , why should that fallibility come as a surprise ?
We ’ve known for a long time that it is not easy to making decisions under conditions of extreme uncertainty .
Here is Massey and Thaler from their conclusion :
Numerous studies find , for example , that physicians , among the most educated professionals in our society , make diagnoses that display overconfidence and violate Bayes ’ rule .
The point , of course , is that physicians are experts at medicine , not necessarily probabilistic reasoning .
And it should not be surprising that when faced with difficult problems , such as inferring the probability that a patient has cancer from a given test , physicians will be prone to the same types of errors that subjects display in the laboratory .
Such findings reveal only that physicians are human .
Our modest claim in this paper is that the owners and managers of National Football League teams are also human , and that market forces have not been strong enough to overcome these human failings .
The task of picking players , as we have described here , is an extremely difficult one . . .
Teams must first make predictions about the future performance of ( frequently ) immature young men .
Then they must make judgments about their own abilities : how much confidence should the team have in its forecasting skills ?
As we detailed in section 2 , human nature conspires to make it extremely difficult to avoid overconfidence in this task .
This brings up the second question .
Is it possible to ever accurately predict which college quarterbacks will succeed in the pros ?
Both the Thaler analysis and the Berri analysis hold out the real possibility that teams can be a lot smarter than they currently are .
The New England Patriots clearly have taken some of Thaler ’s lessons to heart , for example .
There has also been a real effort by the folks over at Pro Football Outsiders to come up with a more useful algorithm for making quarterback selections .
David Lewin’s “ career forecast ” zeroes in on career college starts and career college completion percentage as the best predictors of professional performance .
I took the position in my essay “ Most Likely to Succeed ” that I did n’t think that quarterbacking ( as opposed to other positions on the field ) was predictable in this sense — that there is so much noise in the data , and so much variability between the college and professional games — that attempts at rationalizing draft day decisions have real limits .
I ’m still of that inclination .
I ’m willing to be convinced , though .
I ’d love to see more statistically - minded people weigh in on the Lewin analysis , and I ’d also like to have a better handle over how the recent innovations in college offenses — particularly the use of ever more aggressive spread formations — affects the accuracy of that algorithm .
THE extensive coverage of the Astor family saga is just the latest example of America ’s longstanding fascination with the very rich .
But in recent years , the lifestyles of wealthy people have been not only a staple of popular culture but of serious economic research as well .
That ’s because the wealthiest families have reaped enormous financial rewards over the last two decades , and their economic and political power has increased markedly .
So it ’s well worth asking what they are doing with all that money and what effect they are having on the overall economy .
Finding out where those income gains have gone , however , is about as easy as peering at the estates behind the towering hedges of Gin Lane in Southampton .
There ’s simply no official data on the economic behavior of the very rich .
We ca n’t be sure how much they are saving or consuming , or exactly how they are using their accumulated wealth .
The wealthy are often thought to be big savers and , under President Bush , they have been given significant tax breaks .
But what has actually become of their outsized gains in income ?
I usually try to say a few words about videos which we introduce here … well , I ’m not going to even try to comment on this one , it just has to be seen .
To watch the video just press somewhere on the screenshot below :
Warning : Japanese ability required to enjoy this masterpiece to the full ..
[ youtube ] LIhbap3FlGc [ / youtube ]
Erica Hupp / Grey Hautaluoma
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1237/0688
Megan Watzke
Chandra X-ray Center , Cambridge , Mass .
617-496-7998
RELEASE : 06-245
NASA 's Chandra Solves Black Hole Paradox
Black holes light up the universe and astronomers may finally know how .
New data from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory show for the first time powerful magnetic fields are the key to these brilliant and startling light shows .
It is estimated up to one quarter of the radiation in the universe emitted since the big bang comes from material falling towards supermassive black holes , including those powering quasars , the brightest known objects .
For decades , scientists have struggled to understand how black holes , the darkest objects in the universe , can be responsible for such prodigious amounts of radiation .
New X - ray data from Chandra give the first clear explanation for what drives this process : magnetic fields .
Chandra observed a black hole system in our galaxy , known as GRO J1655 - 40 ( J1655 , for short ) , where a black hole was pulling material from a companion star into a disk .
"
By intergalactic standards J1655 is in our backyard , so we can use it as a scale model to understand how all black holes work , including the monsters found in quasars , " said Jon M. Miller of the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
Miller 's paper on these results appears in this week 's issue of Nature .
Gravity alone is not enough to cause gas in a disk around a black hole to lose energy and fall onto the black hole at the rates required by observations .
The gas must lose some of its orbital angular momentum , either through friction or a wind , before it can spiral inward .
Without such effects , matter could remain in orbit around a black hole for a very long time .
Scientists have long thought magnetic turbulence could generate friction in a gaseous disk and drive a wind from the disk that carries angular momentum outward , allowing the gas to fall inward .
Using Chandra , Miller and his team provided crucial evidence for the role of magnetic forces in the black hole accretion process .
The X - ray spectrum , the number of X - rays at different energies , showed the speed and density of the wind from J1655 's disk corresponded to computer simulation predictions for magnetically - driven winds .
The spectral fingerprint also ruled out the two other major competing theories to winds driven by magnetic fields .
"
In 1973 , theorists came up with the idea that magnetic fields could drive the generation of light by gas falling onto black holes , " said co-author John Raymond of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass .
" Now , over 30 years later , we finally may have convincing evidence .
" This deeper understanding of how black holes accrete matter also teaches astronomers about other properties of black holes , including how they grow .
" Just as a doctor wants to understand the causes of an illness and not merely the symptoms , astronomers try to understand what causes phenomena they see in the universe , " said co-author Danny Steeghs , also of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
" By understanding what makes material release energy as it falls onto black holes , we may also learn how matter falls onto other important objects .
"
In addition to accretion disks around black holes , magnetic fields may play an important role in disks detected around young sun-like stars where planets are forming , as well as ultra - dense objects called neutron stars .
NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center , Huntsville , Ala. , manages the Chandra program for the agency 's Science Mission Directorate .
The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory controls science and flight operations from the Chandra X-ray Center , Cambridge , Mass .
For additional information about the research and images , visit :
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
It looks like a hot Grozny .
On the vast invented islands offshore and in the even vaster building sites that stretch in a wide band the whole length of Dubai 's now famous riviera , acre on acre of grey - faced , concrete , hollow - eyed buildings , fenced in with scaffolding and overhung by tower cranes , stare at each other across the sands .
Tower blocks look abandoned rather than half - made .
It is said that a fifth of the world 's cranes are now at work here .
An army of some 250,000 men , largely from India and Pakistan , are labouring to create the new glimmer fantasy , earning on average £ 150 a month , and living in camps , four to a room , 12ft by 12ft , hidden away in the industrial quarters of al Quoz .
One night in one of the luxury hotels would cost six months ' wages of one of the men who built it .
Below and around their work sites , the new streets are chaotic with rubble and piles of steel .
The traffic is already as bad as Los Angeles .
The city authorities are now giving priority to new roads , hundreds of millions of dollars are being spent on bridges across the Dubai Creek , five lanes in each direction , but still a taxi ride that might take 10 minutes at midday lasts an hour at either end of it .
If you ask a driver to take you to some places , he laughs .
" Do you want to have a very long talk ? " he says .
Dubai is growing faster than any city on earth .
" Mushroom City " , Ravi Piyush , a plumply content dealer in the Gold Souk , said to me .
" Nothing today , everything tomorrow . "
The World Bank reckons that the reconstruction of Iraq is going to cost $ 53 bn .
Here , along the strip of footballer - friendly sand that stretches 25 miles or so along the shores of the Persian Gulf , there is , at a rough estimate , about $ 100 bn worth of projects either underway or planned for the near future .
That is a numbing figure , ungraspable .
It is the equivalent of every single dollar invested in the United States from abroad last year ; almost twice the foreign investment in China .
There are the three famous offshore " palms " , man -made peninsulas laden with more hotels and more " signature villas " than the entire Premiership might ever dream of .
The 7,000 - man workforce on one of them is too large to get on to the palm each morning without creating its own traffic jam : they are shipped in by sea from further along the coast .
There 's to be a Giorgio Armani Hotel and a Palazzo Versace .
There 's the tallest building in the world under construction , Burj Dubai , costing $ 800 m and expected to be 800 m tall when complete , but the precise figure is being kept secret in case New York 's new Freedom Tower tries to top it .
A billboard the size of Piccadilly Circus stands out in the desert showing the pencil - thin rocket of a tower alongside a simple rubric : " History Rising . "
The biggest shopping mall in the world is already here .
Another , bigger , the world 's largest retail development , is under construction .
There 's to be an underwater hotel ( $ 500 m ) .
One indoor ski resort , with real snow and its own black run , exists already , a weird , looming presence on the city 's southern skyline .
There is to be a second , with a revolving mountain .
Plans are mooted for a Chess City , with 32 tower blocks of 64 floors , each in the form of a chess piece .
There 's to be a 60 - floor apartment block in the shape of Big Ben .
One company selling flats is giving away a free Jag with each one .
There will be a pyramid and a building called Atlantis that will cost $ 600 m and include a " swim - with - the - dolphins encounter programme " .
An Aviation City and a Cargo Village , an Aid City and a Humanitarian Free Zone , an Exhibition City and a Festival City , a Healthcare City and a Flower City , a $ 4bn extension to the airport and another entirely new airport along the coast towards Abu Dhabi , for which no figures are available but you can take a guess at a few billion : six runways , annual capacity 120 million passengers , 12 million tonnes of cargo .
Next to it , as the Dubai government 's Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing puts it , " There will be several smaller cities that will cater to the financial , industrial , service and tourism industries . "
To fill these airports , Emirates , the national airline , has just placed the biggest order that Boeing has ever had : $ 9.7bn for 42 777s , each capable of carrying 300 passengers non-stop more than 9,000 miles across the world .
They have also ordered a fleet of the biggest Airbuses on offer , each capable of carrying 555 people .
The Middle East 's answer to Disneyland , called Dubailand , which is far larger than Monaco , is costing $ 4.5 bn .
It will employ 300,000 people in the various joylands , servicing 15 million visitors .
A new urban railway , with 37 stops , begins construction soon .
Dubai is to have its own Silicon Oasis ( $ 1.7bn ) for computer companies .
A mixed development called Dubai Waterfront / Arabian Canal covers an area larger than Barbados and will house , when completed ( $ 6 bn ) , more people than Paris .
There 's another side to Dubai .
Drive south along the Gulf , away from the glamour zone of the great hotels , past the giant malls and the huge gas - fired power stations , almost to the western border of Dubai , and you come to the largest man-made harbour in the world .
The unapproachably vast quays of the modern port at Jebel Ali were dredged out of the desert sands in 1979 at a place where the present emir 's father , Sheikh Rashid , used to come for evenings camping with his friends .
Abdulla bin Damithan , one of the port managers , showed me around in his red Audi .
( This was a replacement ; the BMW was in for service . )
The 1.5 mile - long quays are so enormous that to look the length of them is to stare into a desert haze .
Halfway along , the metal bodies of the ships and cranes disappear like mirages .
But it is no dreamy place : every minute , every towering gantry crane lifts another container off the high - stacked decks of the bulbous ships alongside , lowers it to a waiting truck that delivers it to another part of the site , or transfers it from the unimaginably huge motherships , which travel the world oceans , to the slightly less huge feeder ships that service the Gulf , the Indian trade and the Mediterranean .
Nothing interrupts the movements , day and night , 365 days a year , even in July at 90 % humidity , an air temperature usually over 49C and when even the seawater in the docks approaches 38C .
No one works outside .
More than seven million containers are moved here in the course of the year , a figure that grew 23 % last year , and is set to triple within the next six years , serving a market of two billion people .
It 's like looking at the guts of the world , the usually hidden machinery by which things actually happen .
Over on the other side of the harbour , two diminutive destroyers are tied up , the stars and stripes hanging off their sterns .
This is where the American carrier battle groups patrolling the Gulf come for service - and shopping .
It 's the port most visited by the US navy outside the United States .
Like almost everything of any significance in Dubai , the port system belongs to the state , or to the Maktoums , the ruling family .
The two are indistinguishable , and in some ways , Dubai is like Poundbury writ large - and rich : a princely vision of how the world might be .
The Maktoums came here as Bedouin chieftains in the 1820s , to a small , palm - fringed trading creek , where political control was in the hands of the British .
Only in 1971 did Dubai gain independence as part of the United Arab Emirates .
It was already known that Abu Dhabi , by far the biggest and richest of the Emirates , was sitting on a vast mineral reserve .
At current rates of production , Abu Dhabi has more than 120 years ' supply of oil and gas still untapped .
Dubai is nothing like so well endowed , and so from the 1960s onwards , the Maktoums have been consciously shaping Dubai as the trading and financial motor of the Emirates , and the Dubai ports system is central to their vision .
Dubai sits on the all - important strategic routeway of the modern world : China , India , Middle East , Europe and the US .
That is where the money is going to be .
China has just become the third biggest economy in the world and it is the fastest growing .
India is set for its own acceleration .
The Maktoum plan is to make Dubai the centre of a global strategic network of port facilities to rival Singapore and the huge Hong Kong - based conglomerate of Hutchison - Whampoa .
They have been acquiring hard and fast and now control massive facilities in China , Hong Kong , Australia , South Korea , India , Yemen , Djibouti , Saudi Arabia , Romania , Germany and Latin America .
In a profoundly symbolic move , Dubai Ports are now manoeuvring to make a bid for the great harbours in southern Iraq .
They want more , and that desire for global control is what lies behind their bidding war for P&O , the British ports and shipping combine , which has a powerful European presence ( including the giant London Gateway , planned to be Britain 's biggest container port at Thurrock on the Thames ) , exactly what Dubai wants .
Singapore wanted it too and the two commercial city states ' rival bids drove up the price , adding 80 % to the value of P&O 's shares and valuing the company at a reported $ 6.8 bn ( just short of £ 4bn ) , an unprecedented 40 times P&O 's profits last year .
At the weekend , Singapore pulled out and all the signs are that when P&O 's shareholders vote today , they will accept Dubai 's offer .
This bid alone is a measure of the hunger , the money and the drive of what is happening in the emirate .
And the Arab world has backed the bid .
When Dubai Ports issued a bond for $ 2.8 bn last month to help it buy P&O , it found itself drowning in $ 11.4bn of subscriptions .
Why is Dubai doing this ?
And why so fast ?
What can the hunger be traced to ?
I spent a morning on The World , one of the big prestige projects , consisting of 300 artificial islands made of sand dredged from the sea floor and either dumped or pumped into forms that vaguely mimic the shape of the world 's continents .
Every week between five and 10 m cubic metres of sand are delivered to the site .
The islands will cost up to $ 30 m each , and that is for the sand alone .
Making the lumps habitable for the world 's island - hungry rich will cost half as much again .
I was somewhere in Greenland with Hamza Mustafa , the man who is running it for Nakheel , the state - owned developer .
It was another invented moment : we were there for a photo .
Vijay Singh , the Fijian golfer , was going to fire some shots from Greenland over a narrow channel to Iceland , still nothing but sand , on which one of Nakheel 's PR men had put a golf flag .
There were helicopters , artificial grass , English marketing girls , Singh 's personal trainer in shorts , his agent in shades , two photographers , their assistants , cooks , waiters and barmen , boatmen , people from a Nakheel golf development and Singh 's personal course designer , who told me in detail how sewage makes courses greener .
It 's a perfect symbiosis : houses need golf courses and golf courses need the sewage the houses produce .
How happy is that ?
" As long as it's got the nutrients , grass loves sand , " he said .
While Singh stood beneath the chopper firing his shots , I talked to Mustafa , in the sleek Arab - modernist villa he 's had built on Greenland .
He has already sold 30 % of the $ 3bn project , mostly to " local money , from the region " , the rest , he says , to British and Americans .
Australasia has been sold to a developer from Kuwait .
Why are they buying ?
" No tax , good weather , an easy life , a comfortable life , affordable .
I do n't have to push the sales .
I 've got 10 islands left of the ones I want to sell at the moment .
They are clamouring for them .
And then I 'll stop for a while .
We do n't want a glut . "
He smiled , complicit , knowing as well as I did what sales talk amounts to .
" By 2015 , there will be 250,000 people living here .
It 'll be like Venice . "
I asked him why Dubai was going through this world - busting surge .
One might have expected the straightforward business answer , which goes something like this : Dubai , unlike other parts of the Gulf , has little of its own oil or gas .
A great deal of Arab money , invested in the US , came back from there after 9/11 and needed an outlet .
The fact that oil is now pushing $ 70 a barrel means that the Gulf is awash with liquidity .
There is clearly a role for a strategic financial centre in the Middle East : Beirut played it once , Dubai could do so now .
Money has been draining out of Iran for years and Dubai , just across the Gulf , has always been a traditional place for Iranians to put their money to work .
Mohammed Noor Taleb , a 75 - year - old textile trader I spoke to in the souk , who had lived with his mother as a child in a tent made of palm leaves and now owned a business in Indian cottons turning over $ 5.2 m a year , told me an old Dubai joke .
A young boy is asked by his father " What is two add two ? "
" Am I buying or am I selling ? " the boy says .
Commerce is in the blood .
But Mustafa 's reply came from another place entirely , evidence of the extraordinary hybridisation of cultures that is going on here : traditionalist , modernist , Arabist , internationalist , market - based , bowing to authority .
For Mustafa , it all stems from the Emir of Dubai himself , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al - Maktoum .
Mohammed only became Emir on January 4 , when his elder brother Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid al - Maktoum , died after a long illness .
But Mohammed has had his hand on the tiller for years .
" Sheikh Mohammed has had a vision , " Mustafa said , " which is that Dubai should become a fully developed city , with the best life of any city that has ever been created .
The whole city is growing as a single organism .
We have planned this , very carefully , he is a leader who has bestowed a great vision on us , so that in time Dubai is going to become the first ever Arab modern metropolis . "
Was this really about an Arabist dream of perfection ?
" No , this is not Arab nationalism .
But what Dubai is trying to do is set an example of how Arabs should be represented .
After 9/11 , Arabs suffered from a lot of bad publicity .
Dubai is trying to come back with the right kind of publicity .
It will be a fully modern state .
It will be setting the standards .
It will be a place that people will look up to . "
You might have to take that with a few bucketloads of salt .
There is no hint of democracy in Dubai .
There is a consultative council whose members are nominated by the ruling family .
A group of five old Arab families control the entire emirate .
The working and living conditions of the construction labourers and the domestic servants from south Asia are notoriously bad .
Thirty - nine building workers died on sites last year , 22 of them simply by falling , as provision of slings and ropes is inadequate .
The Dubai press is full of stories criticising companies for late payment , no payment , the confiscation of passports , imposition of penalties for minor infringements , the manoeuvrings of loan sharks and all the other expectable abuses of a poorly regulated employment system .
The property laws are explicitly racist : no non-UAE national can own land outside the designated free zones .
No foreign company can operate in the country without paying a UAE " sponsor " to be their local representative .
No one except UAE nationals can get one of the plum jobs in a government department .
Education and healthcare are free for all UAE nationals but no one else .
The local press will never be seen to criticise the government and when , for example , I tried to interview the director of strategic planning in the offices of Dubai municipality , I was told I could only do so " if we have checked you out first and seen that what you will write will be favourable " .
Not much hybridisation there .
And yet it is not Saudi Arabia .
Brokeback Mountain is soon to open in Dubai cinemas , which it never could in Saudi Arabia .
There is no problem with bikinis and sunbathing on the beaches .
And on a more substantial level , there is a determined effort to de-monopolise the economy , to make market competition the driver for this new model world .
Local customs must be respected : no loud music during Ramadan , no eating in front of Muslims on fast days , no possibility of making a political claim on the direction of the state .
And in return for those limits , the state delivers a sense of wellbeing .
That is the trade - off on which Dubai is relying .
A booming market , with a consciously courteous social culture and a tight police system ( panic buttons in the thousand gold shops in old Dubai bring the police in two minutes ) deliver a better wage than would be available at home - all this in return for surrendering anything resembling a political right .
Eduardo Ferrari , an Argentinian cameraman who has lived in Dubai for the last eight years , says he could n't " give a damn for democracy .
I live here in the most democratic country in the world .
Why ?
Because the economy is taking you by the tip of your head and pulling you up .
Every year I have more and more .
In Argentina , every year I have less and less . "
Vishal Khemani , a 26 - year - old from Mumbai , who imports Indian and Japanese textiles for Dubai wholesalers , says he loves Dubai simply because it is " very disciplined , very neat , very clean .
Everything is going to timetable .
I have a good job , good food .
It is a cheap country . "
And extremely safe .
There has been no hint , so far , of any terrorist attack , although you would have thought it was due for one .
A western businessman , surveying the most luxurious of the Jumeirah beach hotels , said simply to me : " Everything about this place smells of western women , right ?
It looks like an al - Qaida target to me . "
There are rumours in Dubai that a terror plot was foiled last year but the processes of government are so opaque that there is no confirming that .
It may be that the levels of government control in Dubai are high enough to make any terrorist operations very difficult .
Bob Gogel , CEO of Liberata , an international company specialising in the outsourcing of financial services , probably speaks for the business community as a whole .
" Dubai is an unpolished gem polishing itself very quickly .
You could look at it as a CD compilation - the best of London , Sydney , Miami , Las Vegas - and you have to give them the benefit of the doubt .
Where else in the Middle East is going to do it ?
Turkey ?
Saudi Arabia ?
Lebanon ?
Egypt ? Kuwait ?
You can't see it .
Nowhere in the world do you get such good service .
Certainly not in London .
And business people like that .
They 've got a good plan , it 's tightly controlled , they 've managed to pull in some good people , they 've got the oil money , and that price is not going to drop very far .
The property market in Dubai is probably overheated and the Dubai stock market is due for a correction .
But you try poking holes and I have trouble poking that big a hole . "
This is the Dubai sandwich : at the bottom , cheap and exploited Asian labour ; in the middle , white northern professional services , plus tourist hunger for glamour in the sun and , increasingly , a de-monopolised western market system ; at the top , enormous quantities of invested oil money , combined with fearsome social and political control and a drive to establish another model of what modern Arabia might mean in the post - 9/11 world .
That is the intriguing question : can Dubai do what Libya , Egypt , Palestine , Lebanon , Syria , Iraq , Yemen , or almost anywhere else in the Arab world you might like to mention , have failed to do ?
Is Dubai , in fact , the fulcrum of the future global trading and financial system ?
Is it , in embryo , what London was to the 19th century and Manhattan to the 20th ?
Not the modern centre of the Arab world but , more than that , the Arab centre of the modern world .
How does your favorite browser ’s Javascript engine speed compare to other popular browsers ?
The speed of your browser ’s Javascript is becoming more and more important because of Web 2.0 ’s reliance on Ajax and complex Javascript libraries .
I have written a benchmark test , which you can run on your machine at home , to compare the newest versions of Internet Explorer , Opera , Safari , and Firefox .
How does your favorite browser stand up to the competition ?
Preface
In 2006 , I originally wrote a Javascript speed test that is a derivation of the test that I use today .
The test gained quite a bit of attention , so I created a subsequent test to compare browsers that had been released after the first test ( i.e. Safari for Windows ) .
Due to popular demand in the form of a flurry of e-mails , I have decided to continue posting my test results with the newest versions of popular web browsers .
All of my tests will be using the Javascript test script , which is available by scrolling down to the bottom of this page .
Test Results
2009 July 10
Web Browser Average Runtime Relative Safari 4.0.2 ( 530.19.1 ) 169 1 x ( fastest ) Chrome 2.0.172.33 349 2.1x slower Firefox 3.5 377 2.2 x slower Opera 9.64 ( 10487 ) 442 2.6 x slower IE 8.0 771 4.6 x slower * Firefox add - ons include Download Statusbar , X - Marks , and Firebug .
Note that runtimes were equivalent with and without add - ons .
Commentary : Safari has taken the lead by performing about twice the speed of its nearest competitors , Chrome and Firefox .
Opera , the once champion of the speed test , has fallen from its throne to the second - to - last position .
Perhaps the most surprising is how much worse IE8 fared relative to its competitors — it was 2 - 3 times slower , but now is performing almost five times slower .
2008 September 2
Web Browser Average Runtime Relative Safari 3.1.2 344 1x ( fastest ) Opera 9.5.2 420 1.2 x slower Firefox 3.0.1 ( with add - ons * ) 506 1.47 x slower Firefox 3.0.1 ( no add - ons ) 538 1.56 x slower Google Chrome 0.2.149.27 557 1.62 x slower IE8 Beta 2 806 2.35 x slower * Firefox add - ons include Download Statusbar , Fission , Foxmarks Bookmark Synchronizer , Hide Menbar , and Tab Scope .
Commentary : I really expected Google Chrome , which was released today , to do much better than it fared in the test results .
Then again , a lot of Google Chrome ’s claim to fame is n’t really geared to a benchmark test like this — it ’s more intended for security and live applications that require extensive garbage collection and utilizing non-linear loading of page elements .
Regardless , Safari still holds the crown for the fastest Javascript engine , but almost all other browsers ( with the exception of IE8 Beta 2 ) are very , very close behind — almost so close that it ’s not really a practical difference ( except for bragging rights ) .
It ’s going to be very interesting to see how the future versions of Google Chrome are able to compete with the more seasoned browsers .
2008 March 28
Web Browser Average Runtime Relative Safari 3.1 ( 525.13 ) 339 1 x ( fastest ) Firefox 3.0. pre beta ( safe mode ) 501 1.5 x slower Opera 9.50 beta ( 9841 ) 517 1.5 x slower Firefox 3.0. pre beta ( extensions disabled ) 538 1.6 x slower Opera 9.26 ( 8835 ) 657 1.9 x slower IE8 Beta 1 933 2.8 x slower IE7 1099 3.2 x slower Firefox 2.0.0.13 ( no extensions ) 1256 3.7 x slower Firefox 2.0.0.13 ( safe mode ) 1373 4.1 x slower Firefox 2.0.0.13 ( with extensions * ) 2416 7.1 x slower * Because most Firefox users install extensions , I thought that it was only fair to include a test with my own typical extensions .
The extensions I had installed for the test include : Adblock Plus 0.7.5.3 , ColorZilla 1.0 , Download Statusbar 0.9.6.1 , Firebug 1.05 , Fission 0.9.5 , Foxmarks Bookmark Synchronizer 2.0.45 , and Hide Menubar 1.0.20080310 .
I did not include a test with the Firefox beta using extensions because the extensions are not considered compatible with the beta yet .
Beta versions of Firefox and Opera were downloaded from nightly builds that were available on 3/27/2008 Commentary :
In contrast to previous tests , Safari championed the fastest Javascript benchmark , overtaking Opera from its throne .
Even more promising , the Firefox beta was considerably faster than its currently released version ( 2.0.0.13 ) .
This is the first test that has shown Firefox ’s Javascript engine to be superior to the engines of Opera and Internet Explorer .
2007 September 10
Web Browser Average Runtime Relative Opera 9.50 a 615 1 x ( fastest ) Opera 9.23 695 1.1 x slower Safari 3.0.3 790 1.3 x slower IE7 1077 1.8 x slower IE7 ( no add - ons ) 1090 1.8 x slower Firefox 2.0.0.6 ( safe mode ) 1385 2.3 x slower Firefox 2.0.0.6 2285 3.7 x slower Firefox 3.0.0.7a ( safe mode ) 2465 4.0 x slower Firefox 3.0.0.7a 2722 4.4 x slower
For more information , see the 2007 benchmark test page .
Commentary :
This test was done in response to Apple ’s release of Safari for Windows .
Similarly to the 2006 test , Firefox was considerably slower than Opera , Safari , and Internet Explorer .
Note that the Firefox alpha version was slower than the stable version .
2006 August 2
Web Browser Average Runtime Relative Opera 9.0 422 1 x ( fastest ) IE6 ( SP2 ) 1622 3.8 x slower Firefox 1.5 ( safe mode ) 1752 4.2 x slower Firefox 1.5 1974 4.7 x slower
For more information , see the 2006 benchmark test page .
Commentary :
This test was one of the first , documented Javascript benchmarks to show the superiority of Opera over the more popular Firefox .
Technical Notes
The numerical score generated by this test is relative — that separate test results , run at different times or on different machines , cannot be directly compared to each other .
You may only compare multiple browsers within the same test session with the same test environment .
My results for each browser are averages — to get a browser ’s score , I have run each test ten times , and taken the average score from all ten tests .
Your raw numbers are not comparable to mine — because the raw numbers are relative , you can only compare one browser to another browser on your own machine .
I have included the Javascript benchmark test below so that you can perform your own test .
I encourage you to use it to generate your own comparative test , and even examine the Javascript code to examine the test itself .
I have included alpha , beta , and released versions — I have included browser versions that are still in testing just for comparative purposes .
Please realize that a browser ’s beta performance does not necessarily reflect its future , release performance .
Do your own testing – your results may vary ! —
I may have a different operating system , hardware configuration , and development environment than you , so your results may be different !
I highly encourage you to do your own testing and see which browser is the best performer on within your own environment .
The Test
Test Type Runtime ( ms ) Array object 0 Date object Error handling 0 Math object 0 RegEx object 0 String object 0 DOM 0 Ajax declarations 0 Total Duration 0
.
" This happened about a month or two ago near Lonavala , and even though it sounds like something out of the X Files or the Twilight Zone ... it actually happened !
This guy drives from Mumbai to Pune and decides not to take the new expressway as he wants to see the scenery .
The inevitable happens and when he reaches the ghats his car breaks down - he 's stranded miles from nowhere .
Having no choice he starts walking on the side of the road , hoping to get a lift to the nearest human habitation .
It 's dark and raining and pretty soon he 's wet and shivering .
The night rolls on and no car goes by , the monsoon rains are so strong he can hardly see a few feet ahead of him .
Suddenly in the midst of pitch black night he barely makes out a car just a few feet away , coming towards him with its headlights out .
The strange vehicle stops next to him .
The guy is SO relieved to see another human soul that he immediately flings open the car 's door and jumps in without a second thought .
Seated in the back , he leans forward to thank the person who had saved him when he realizes there is nobody behind the wheel !
Even though there 's no one in the front seat and no sound of any engine , the car starts moving slowly .
The guy looks at the road ahead and sees a curve coming the hills and there is a steep drop beyond the curve ) .
Scared almost to death he starts to pray , begging the Lord for his life .
He has n't come out of shock , when just before he hits the curve , a hand appears through the window and moves the wheel !
The car makes the curve safely and continues on the road to the next bend .
The guy , now paralyzed in terror , watches how the hand appears every time the car is at a curve and moves the steering wheel just enough to get it around each bend .
Finally , the guy sees lights ahead .
Gathering his courage he wrenches open the door of then silent , slowly moving car , scrambles out and runs as hard as he can towards the lights .
It 's a small town .
Wet and in shock goes to a roadside dhabba , which is open , and asks for a drink .
They find some hooch and give him a shot .
And he starts telling whoever is in the dhabba about the horrifying experience he just went through .
A silence envelops everybody when they realize the guy is n't drunk , and is really frightened - he 's crying and shaking .
So they give him more hooch and talk about what they should do , whether to call the police or find a priest , or what .
But just then two tired looking men walk into the dhabba .
One excitedly points a finger and says to his friend " Look Raj !
That 's the asshole that got in the car when we were pushing it ... "
It 's a sad commentary on the state of American democracy , on the instincts of the American citizenry , and on the standards and judgment of the American newsmedia that the unsavory advances of a pathetic Forida congressman can have the nation in high dudgeon , while the ramming through of a patently illegal piece of legislation undermining a crucial 13th century civil liberty ( habeas corpus ) , and the Fourth and Eighth Amendments of the constitution , and the secret planning for an illegal and catastrophic attack on Iran , both merit almost no complaint or mention .
Far be it from me to complain if Rep.
Mark Foley 's sexual obsession with teenage boys ends up sinking Republican hopes for hanging onto the House and Senate .
But how sad that it would be if it is this , and the coverup of his crimes by the Republican leadership , that undoes the Bush administration , when its real crimes are of such grandeur and seriousness ?
How are we to compare seeking to screw a 16 - year old with totally screwing the Constitution ?
How are we to compare secret email solicitations with a secret plot to attack a nation of 62 million that poses no immediate threat to the U.S. ?
How are we to compare the Republican Party 's cover - up of a member 's efforts to corrupt young pages with the same party 's conspiracy to cover up the Bush administration 's ineptness and possible foreknowledge of the 9 - 11 attacks , and of the campaign of lies and misinformation it used to drum up hysteria for an illegal and totally unwarranted invasion of Iraq ?
How are we to compare the media feeding frenzy over the Foley scandal with the profound silence about Bush 's Iran invasion planning , and with the deliberate brownout about information regarding a growing popular movement to impeach the president for his crimes ?
And finally , how to we to compare the public revulsion over Foley 's indiscretions with the widespread acceptance or , or even support for abuse of American captives in the War in Afghanistan , the Iraq War , and the so - called " War " on Terror , which has included rape , sodomy , sexual humiliation and torture of all kinds , and murder -- especially when it is known that the vast majority of those captives were either guilty of nothing but being in the wrong place at the wrong time , or of simply being honest fighters for their respective countries , deserving of decent treatment under the Geneva Convention , and of a fair hearing into the propriety of their detention ?
What kind of nation have we become ?
At least the Foley saga makes it clear why the farcical impeachment of Bill Clinton for his extramarital escapade moved forward through the House to a Senate trial , while George Bush , whose crimes far exceed those of any president before him , including Richard Nixon , and place the whole American experiment in jeopardy , has not even faced censure , much less a bill of impeachment .
Democratic Congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid should be ashamed of themselves for leaping so boldly to the attack over Foley 's crime and the Republican leadership 's cover - up , while continuing to assert that there will be no effort to impeach the president for his own crimes even if they manage , with Foley 's assistance , to wrest control of the House November 8 .
The American media should be ashamed of themselves for wallowing in swill , when there is a cancer in the White House that is attacking the very foundations of the nation .
The American public should be ashamed for its sheer inanity and inattention to the responsibilities of citizenship .
_____________
Dave Lindorff is the author of Killing Time : an Investigation into the Death Row Case of Mumia Abu - Jamal .
His new book of columns titled " This Can't be Happening ! " is published by Common Courage Press .
Lindorff's new book is " The Case for Impeachment , " co-authored by Barbara Olshansky .
He can be reached at : [ email protected ]
One of the themes that I 'm developing in the book is the notion that " a Long Tail without good filters is just noise . "
But what are good filters ?
To begin , I 'm using the catch - all term " filters " ( which I 'm not crazy about ; anyone got a better word ? ) to describe the tools that help you find what 's right for you in the massive variety of the Long Tail .
The examples I use most often are search and recommendations from either people ( be they influential bloggers or just friends ) or software , such as Amazon - style collaborative filtering ( " people like you bought ... " ) .
There are , of course , many other kinds of filters .
Rankings ( by anything from sales to reviews ) tap the wisdom of the crowd to identify quality or value .
Everyone loves best - of lists , and playlist sharing is a fast - growing way to discover new music , whether through the good taste of other fans or the questionable taste of Beyoncé .
And then there 's the role of the critic , tastemaker or editor , for which there is now demand in even the narrowest niches .
But when you think about it , the world is already full of a different kind of filter .
In the scarcity - driven markets of limited shelves , screens and channels that we 've lived with for most of the past century , entire industries are created around finding and promoting the good stuff .
This is what the A&R talent scouts at the record labels do , along with the Hollywood studio executives and store purchasing managers ( " Buyers " ) .
In boardrooms around the world , market research teams pour over data that predicts what 's likely to sell and thus deserves to win a valuable spot on the shelf , screen or page ... and what does n't .
The key word in the preceding paragraph is " predict " .
What 's different about those kinds of filters and the ones I 've been focusing on is that they filter before things get to market .
Indeed , their job is to decide what will make it to market and what wo n't .
I call them " pre-filters " .
By contrast , the recommendations and search technologies that I 'm writing about are " post - filters " .
They find the best of what 's already out there in their area of interest , elevating the good ( relevant , interesting , original , etc. ) and ignoring or downplaying the bad .
When I talk about throwing everything out there and letting the marketplace sort it out , these post - filters are the voice of the marketplace .
They channel consumer behavior and amplify it , rather than trying to predict it .
This is an important distinction .
In the existing Short Tail markets , where distribution is expensive and shelf space is at a premium , the supply side of the market has to be exceedingly discriminating in what it lets through .
These producers , retailers and marketers have made a science of trying to guess what people will want , to improve their odds of picking winners .
They do n't always guess right -- there are surely as many things that deserved to make it market but were overlooked as there are things that made it to market and then flopped -- but the survivors get a reputation for some sort of mystical insight into the consumer psyche .
But in Long Tail markets , where distribution is cheap and shelf space is plentiful , the safe bet is to assume that everything is eventually going to be available .
The role of filter then shifts from gatekeeper to advisor .
Rather than predicting taste , post - filters such as Google measure it .
Rather than lumping consumer into pre-determined demographic and psychographic categories , post - filters such as Amazon 's custom recommendations treat them like individuals who reveal their likes and dislikes through their behavior .
Rather than keeping things off the market , post - filters such as MP3 blogs create a markets for things that are already available by stimulating demand for them .
Here , in chart form , are some examples :
Interestingly , when I consider my own role I find that I do both .
As the editor of a magazine with a finite number of pages , I 'm a classic pre-filter .
I indulge in all sorts of brutal discrimination and guesswork to decide which articles to run .
But Wired also does lots of product reviews , and in that respect , we 're a post - filter .
We look at the universe of what 's already out there and bring the best stuff to our readers ' attention .
As long as there 's a market for a pre-filtered package in the deliciously finite medium of bound glossy paper , I suspect there will continue to be demand for my old - fashioned discriminatory side .
But the day when people like me decide what makes it to market and what does n't is fading .
Soon everything will make it to market and the real opportunity will be in sorting it all out .
( Note : If the image at the top of this page were mine , and not just randomly stolen from some site , I 'd title it The Pre-Filters .
Guys with shades manhandling someone in a limo is pretty much my mental image of the music industry . )
By Greg Morsbach
BBC News , Caracas
Mr Ahmadinejad was welcomed to Caracas with full military honours
During a visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Mr Chavez warned the world of dire consequences if his ally was attacked by the US .
Mr Chavez has threatened to cut off oil supplies to the US if provoked .
This , he explained , on top of Iran shutting off its oil exports , could send oil prices soaring to well above $ 100 a barrel .
It was difficult for the Iranian leader to dodge questions by reporters on his country 's controversial uranium enrichment programme at the end of his brief visit to Venezuela .
He had few surprises in store , saying that Iran would as before continue international negotiations on the subject .
He said there was no need to speed up the talks .
' Disastrous consequences '
President Chavez 's tone , however , was far more confrontational .
" What gives the US the right , " he asked , " to stop any country developing nuclear power for peaceful purposes ?
" After all , they dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . "
And then he had this warning for Washington : " We do n't want another war , but there will be disastrous consequences if Iran is attacked . "
In terms of Venezuela 's own nuclear ambitions , President Chavez said all countries needed to develop alternative sources of energy , including atomic power .
He then confirmed that Venezuela 's energy ministry had its own department for nuclear affairs .
" We 're looking into the whole nuclear subject at the moment , " he explained .
In the early 1950s , Venezuela had Latin America 's first nuclear research facilities .
But when the then military dictatorship ended , they were shut down due to lack of funds .
Plenty of pundits have pontificated that the only scenario in which real estate is likely to decline in value is a significant rise in interest rates , or a decline in local employment .
The latter is too regionalized , and also not what I want to talk about .
So , let 's talk about interest rates .
I believe many regions in America are experiencing a period of Real Estate overvaluation .
Call it a Real Estate Bubble if you want .
With maybe a few exceptions , I do n't think we are at those levels .
If you own a house , I am not recommending that you sell and try to get back in at lower prices .
But if you do n't currently own a home ( like me ) , should you buy now ?
Let 's say you are looking at a place for $ 550,000 .
That 's probably a 1,400 square foot , three bedroom condo in a good neighborhood around here .
Let 's assume a 30 year fixed rate mortgage .
According to bankrate.com , the average 30 year fixed jumbo mortgage rate is 6.40 % .
Assuming you came up with a 20 % down payment $ 110,000 , your mortgage payment , not including taxes and insurance would be $ 2,752.23 .
Now let 's say interest rates rise , ending the easy money train , and causing real estate prices to fall .
How much they might go down is completely unknown , and varies by region .
So , let 's say it goes down 20 % .
It 's a fair estimate given the magnitude of the run up in prices in some areas .
You can now buy the same place for $ 440,000 .
So , your 20 % down payment is now $ 88,000 .
But do n't forget what prompted this .
An increase in mortgage rates .
So , let 's say the average 30 year fixed jumbo mortgage is 8.6825 % .
Now , oddly enough , this lower price and the higher rate results in the same mortgage payment !
Okay , so I tweaked the mortgage rate until I got the payment that I wanted .
The results are still very realistic .
By the way , the smaller mortgage would not require jumbo rates , allowing for potentially lower mortgage rates , but we 'll let that slide .
The net result is that your monthly outlay will be the same .
It does n't matter right ?
Buy now at high prices / low rates or buy later at not as high prices / not as low rates , your monthly payment is the same , thus there is no advantage either way .
Wrong .
There are specific advantages to the latter scenario .
There 's the issue of the smaller down payment .
The $ 22,000 difference could be used to make a larger down payment , reducing the monthly cost .
It can furnish your luxurious two bedroom condo , or it can be saved / invested .
This is opportunity cost .
The earnings you could have had from your $ 22,000 .
Property taxes .
I do n't own a home , so I do n't know all the ins and outs of this .
But , my understanding is that most property taxes are roughly 1 % of the initial assessment , potentially increasing every year depending on the rising value of the property .
However , California has a law called Prop 13 , that limits the annual increases to 2 % per year .
If your state has something similar , it is certainly in your best interest to start that calculator as low as possible .
Income Taxes .
The entire mortgage payment is not tax deductible ( unless you have an interest only ) , just the interest portion .
So , despite the equal payments , you will pay about $ 2440 more in interest for the house in the second scenario .
This does n't sound like a good thing , but it is .
That means a larger income tax deduction .
Refinance .
If you pay less , but have a higher rate and rates subsequently decline again , you can always refinance your loan .
If you pay too much , but have a low rate mortgage and prices decline you can't ask the seller to give you back your money .
Accelerated payments .
Many of us more frugal savers would like to be able to add extra payments to our mortgage to pay the loan down faster .
If you follow the bi-weekly mortgage payment plan , or increase your payment by 8.33 % to $ 2981.58 , which is the same thing , you will pay your mortgage off in 291 months in the first scenario .
With the same payment in the second case , you will have the loan paid off in 268 months .
That 's almost two years .
Why does this happen ?
Because the extra payment goes to principal , and there 's less principal to be paid down .
Bottom line : I 'm not telling you not to buy a house right now .
I do not know where real estate prices or mortgage rates are headed .
This is a very personal decision , but do not be fooled into believing that if prices drop because of a rise in mortgage rates , there 's no difference .
There 's a huge difference .
The trailer - park drug known as “ hillbilly crack ” has been putting on the Ritz lately – as federal drug agents uncovered a meth lab inside the $ 6,000 - a- month Manhattan penthouse of a bank executive , authorities said yesterday .
Michael Knibb , an information - technology vice president at Citigroup , had the sophisticated drug operation running in the living room of his luxury apartment overlooking the United Nations on the East Side , said Drug Enforcement Administration officials .
The 37 - year - old Knibb – who makes an estimated $ 250,000 a year – allegedly told authorities that he had decided to make his own methamphetamines because he could not find a reliable drug dealer after moving to New York from Seattle two years ago .
Knibb was one of 10 do - it - yourself drug makers busted this week as part of a federal anti-meth sweep dubbed Operation Red Fusion .
The busts were made after each of the suspects bought meth - making chemicals from the same Internet sites .
None of the suspects were major dealers .
Most just made enough for their own use .
Knibb was n’t the only suspect whose profile did n’t fit the image of the typical meth producer .
Another suspect is Mehmetcan Dosemeci , a Columbia University doctoral student , who told cops he mixed and used the powerful stimulant in an effort to increase his studying time .
Dosemeci , a Turkey native , is a Fulbright scholar and a graduate instructor at the school .
The brainy student was busted after he allegedly made the boneheaded mistake of going online to get one of the prime meth ingredients , iodine crystals , and having it sent to his Manhattan Avenue apartment .
DEA agents raided his home in October .
The history student might have also gone far in chemistry , since DEA officials said the 1.3 grams of meth they found had a purity of 98 percent .
“ It ’s just not as it seems at the moment .
It ’s a big misunderstanding , ” said Dosemeci at his apartment yesterday .
Both he and Knibb were free on $ 150,000 bail .
Agents described Knibb ’s operation as “ sophisticated ” for a small - time meth lab .
He allegedly used heating elements from lava lamps to cook up the drug .
The DEA said they found 7 grams of meth , which was refined to 92 percent purity , in his doorman - building apartment .
“ To find a meth lab . . . in a penthouse in New York City is shocking , as well a frightening , ” said John Gilbride , special agent in charge of the Manhattan DEA office .
Knibb was busted in June after allegedly buying red phosphorus online .
The controlled substance is a prime meth ingredient .
According to residency records , he returned to Seattle in July of his year , and stayed in a drug - treatment center .
He could not be reached for comment .
Cops also busted Nicholaos Georgopoulos , 29 , and Allen Jasovsky , 56 , both of whom allegedly brewed meth at a Manhattan Potamkin car dealership on 11th Avenue , where they worked as mechanics .
One of the men would keep a look out , while the other would mix the drug for their own use , the DEA said .
In Ridge , Long Island , agents arrested Christopher Bigoness , who allegedly had a mobile meth lab in his pickup truck .
In addition to the meth , he allegedly was growing “ magic ” mushroom in his parents ’ home .
His efforts to grow the hallucinogenic fungi , however , caused him to inhale mold spores and sickened him .
Knibb , Dosemeci , Bigoness , Jasovsky , Georgopoulos and three other suspects face 20 years in prison while two others face 10 years .
Authorities announced the busts on National Methamphetamine Awareness Day .
Additional reporting by Murray Weiss and Erin Calabrese
Just a couple of decades ago , many of the deepest mysteries of space and time were wrapped in a pretty box called the Inflationary Big Bang Model , itself a product of studying those spectral rainbows from distant galaxies .
The Big Bang explained why our cosmos is expanding ; the Inflationary part covered , among other items , how ripples of matter and energy could arise early on in the infant universe to form the first galaxies and stars .
The looming question remaining in cosmology was exactly how fast the universe was growing in size and whether it will end in fire or ice .
In the old paradigm , if the mass of the universe is below a critical magnitude , it will keep growing forever .
Our cosmos will end in the Big Freeze : A perpetual state of utter black emptiness and cold .
The background temperature will asymptote to absolute zero and such will be the fate of the cosmos to the grim end of time .
If it 's above that critical mass , one day it will stop expanding and slowly begin to contract .
It will grow hotter and denser until the pressure and temperature are unimaginable : The Big Crunch .
The history of our universe in slices of time .
Left courtesy Wikipedia :
A few fractions of a second after the Big Bang Singularity , the nascent universe undergoes the process of Inflation and then cools until it is transparent to light , eventually assuming its familiar appearance .
If the universe continues to expand , it will eventually cool to absolute zero , the stars will finally burn out , and our cosmos will turn black as pitch forever .
If the universe stops expanding and then collapses , it will roughly reverse the sequence of events above and end in the Big Crunch .
Right courtesy NASA / JPL :
The earliest image of the universe captured from the COsmic Background Explorer or COBE , the different colors are precursors to the very first proto - galaxies
But in the 1990s a more precise method of measuring the distance and velocity of galaxies was developed using the husks of once mighty stars as a stellar candle .
And when those quantities were calculated for a number of galaxies , cosmologists were in for a big surprise .
The universe was expanding alright , but it was n't slowing down at all ; in fact it may be speeding up !
The phenomena was dubbed Dark Energy .
Another , even more stunning revelation was soon unveiled , this heretofore unsuspected force accounts for over 2/3 of the mass of the entire universe !
What we think of as ' the cosmos ' , i.e. stars , planets , dust , protons , electrons , light , gravity , and heat , is nothing but a light froth , a mere afterthought of visible substances bubbling on the surface of a deep ocean of invisible Dark Energy .
Now using the brightest , most energetic stellar explosions known , called Silicon Star Hypernova AKA Gamma Ray Bursters , to further measure the rate of change in Dark Energy , cosmologists have found tentative evidence this strange repulsive force is increasing over time .
And that 's where it gets spooky :
At present , this bizarre sort of antigravity works only over vast distances , hundreds of millions of light years or more .
But if the mysterious force is increasing , it will become effective over shorter and shorter distances in the future .
Exponential growth is an inexorable process .
No matter how humble the beginnings , a phenomenon that is growing exponentially will , sooner or later , reach for infinity .
EG : Double a penny once a month and in a few years , you 'll be a millionaire .
What if Dark Energy is growing slowly , imperceptibly , but relentlessly in this manner ?
In that case , over the next fifteen billion years , the galaxies will be pushed apart faster and faster , in fact that 's already happening .
But as the strange force of repulsion grows in magnitude , individual galaxies will begin to be affected .
In the last few millions of years before the final cosmic apocalypse , stars in the outer reaches will begin drifting away from their parent galaxy .
Then the gravitational glue holding the galaxies together will fail , whole spirals and elliptical conglomerations will come apart , each of the billions of stars within accelerating away from one another .
The effect will build and build and build ...
Eventually , the phantom force will over come the pull of stars on their own planets .
The earth along with the rest of the solar system will decouple from the sun and each will go their separate ways .
And it wo n't stop there !
The top red curve indicates a universe in which Dark Energy is causing the expansion of the universe to accelerate .
There is growing evidence that our universe is following the red curve .
For more detail see Cosmic Variance .
Diagram courtesy of NASA
Dark Energy will keep growing ; first stars and then planets will flatten like spinning pancakes and begin to throw off layer after layer of material .
In the final year , the earth unravels in a high speed version of its original formation from space rocks , dust , and gas .
Then the rocks , the individual dust grains , the larger molecules of gas , are sheared by the relentless , growing force .
In the last few seconds , the very atoms are ripped asunder , the nuclei cut and cut again , reduced to lighter and lighter elements .
Individual protons and neutrons are rendered into their constituent quarks and gluons .
Perhaps the strings theorized to form the basis of all particles are then stretched and broken , photons , electrons , even theoretical gravitons , are destroyed .
Of particular interest is what might happen to Black Holes .
When space is expanding considerably faster than the speed of light , General Relativistic solutions for all kinds of Black Holes are broken .
How long ?
Based on some estimates of the rate of growth in Dark Energy , in about 20 billion years the universe will be riven to quantum bits and beyond .
It 's not just matter which will be destroyed :
The fabric of space - time itself will be shattered , liberating hitherto unheard of energies whisked away in the escalating , superluminal explosion !
The universe would be shredded , not even empty space as we know it would remain :
It will be violent , it will be glorious ; it will be The End .
And maybe the beginning of a whole new era , one completely alien to our familiar cosmos of matter and energy , space and time .
Or maybe it means the end of everything that ever was for all eternity .
If the universe is accelerating , in 20 billion years the fabric of space time may be torn into shards .
There would be nothing left , not even empty space .
Illustration used with permission , copyright © 1998 - 2006 Lynette Cook , all rights reserved .
Check out more of Lynette 's space artwork here , lots of exosolar planets and SETI art .
Well worth the look !
What is Dark Energy ?
An aberration of observational techniques ?
A Cosmological Constant or a property of space - time , or something entirely new ?
Could the phantom force be a temporary phase , similar to the initial Cosmic Inflation theorized to have arisen and vanished in the first seconds after the Big Bang ?
Or is it an unstoppable , growing process ?
Cosmologists simply do n't know the answers at this time .
But it does seem clear that the discovery of evolving Dark Energy , if confirmed , will rank as the most important find in cosmology since Edwin Hubble first measured the Universal Expansion almost eighty years ago .
Research into this phenomenon could well lend as much insight into the fundamental physics of our cosmos as when Newton was conked on the head by an apple .
For now , this intriguing and disturbing hypothesis of complete , universal destruction looks like something worth exploring further .
And if it holds up , the Big Freeze is comatose , the Big Crunch is dead : Long live The Big Rip !
You would think the country is in the grip of an insomnia epidemic given the rising popularity of sleep drugs .
Over the last five years , the use of hypnotics has increased by an astonishing 60 percent , according to IMS Health , a research company .
Is the state of sleep in America really that bad ?
Disturbed sleep has to be one of the most common complaints in medicine .
Not only patients but the general public seems to have a cherished notion of what constitutes a normal night 's sleep : seven to eight blissful hours of uninterrupted slumber .
Many patients tell me they have a sleep problem because they wake up in the middle of the night for a time , typically 45 minutes to an hour , but fall uneventfully back to sleep .
Curiously , there seems to be no consequence to this " problem . "
They are unaffected during the day and have plenty of energy and concentration to go about their lives .
Being a psychiatrist , I am always on the lookout for illnesses like depression , anxiety disorders and drug or alcohol abuse that could easily produce sleep disturbance .
DIGG THIS
It could not have happened to a more deserving guy .
Such is what I thought this past August , when I witnessed in jubilance Sen. Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut lose the Democratic Senate Primary to neophyte Ned Lamont in a barnburner contest that drew the attention of the entire nation to the tiny Nutmeg State .
Having lived in Connecticut for most of my life , I know well what kind of a representative Lieberman is .
Lieberman is Mr. Big Government , a tax and spend left - liberal who loves vote buying and loathes tax cuts .
One of his most important jobs is funneling taxpayer money into the coffers of big defense companies , who then munificently fund his campaign .
Lieberman is also a showboating media hog and an incessant moralizer who condemns the entertainment tastes of millions of Americans .
With his unpleasant croak voice and his face creased into a permanent frown , he likes to act as if he is the Senate 's holy man .
Too bad he 's a consummate warmonger , advocating and supporting the raining down of destruction upon impoverished peoples in several Third World nations .
Lieberman wants to force American taxpayers and soldiers to pay the heavy burden of hegemony and " globaloney . "
He also has the reputation in Connecticut of being " Finger - in - the - wind Joe , " for his lack of principle and honesty .
Lieberman even had the chutzpah to run for re-election to the Senate in 2000 while simultaneously being Al Gore 's running mate .
I guess the thought of losing all political power is just too traumatizing for the poor senator .
That time , however , " Joementum " Joe Lieberman read the shifting winds too late to save himself from defeat by the feisty progressive grassroots .
Needless to say , I had been experiencing sweet schadenfreude in the aftermath .
Of course , just like during the 2000 Florida recounts and the 2004 New Hampshire primary where he claimed third place when he actually attained fifth , Lieberman decided to play the sore loser .
After his own Connecticut Democrats decided to jettison him , Lieberman resolved to make an independent bid to retain his seat .
With this internecine struggle then raging between Lieberman and Lamont , one would suppose the Republican Party , faced with the prospects of losing its Senate majority , would have been attempting to exploit the situation for their candidate the way they did in Connecticut in 1970 , when Republican Lowell Weicker grabbed Democrat Thomas Dodd 's seat after a similar scenario unfolded .
However the Republican candidate , Alan Schlesinger , received no support .
According to the Connecticut Republican Party his race was " not a priority . "
President Bush , who notoriously kissed Lieberman at the 2005 State of the Union address , said he refused to make an endorsement in the race .
It 's certainly one thing not to want to spend money on a race , but to not even endorse a candidate of your own party suggests a problem .
Some Republicans had even tried to force Schlesinger out of the contest , claiming he was unqualified to run because he has in the past had a little problem with gambling money away at casinos , using a pseudonym to do so .
But it 's hard to square that claim with the Party 's support in the past for Rep. Bob Ney ( R - Ohio ) and his little problem with ethics , former Rep. Mark Foley ( R - Florida ) and his little problem with under - aged boys , or President Bush and his past problems with alcohol and other drugs .
Besides , if gambling is Schlesinger 's only problem , I think he would fit in nicely in Congress .
Clearly , though , Republican candidates with troubled pasts are nothing new .
What is new is that what had appeared ostensibly to be a grievance with Schlesinger was actually a tacit endorsement of Lieberman .
In fact in some cases it had been an open endorsement of Joe Lieberman .
Just listen to the now unemployed Rep. Nancy Johnson ( R - Connecticut ) talk on WNPR this summer : " I think the news that has come out about Mr. Schlesinger is extremely disappointing …
I also think . . .
Joe Lieberman has been good for Connecticut . "
Could a Democrat have said it better ?
She was quick to deny that that amounted to an endorsement of Lieberman .
But if one goes to her website , one will see she is proud to be pictured standing next to both Joe Lieberman and the indefatigable Bill Clinton .
Joining Ms. Johnson is neoconservative kingpin William Kristol , who gushed , " Is it too fanciful to speculate about a 2008 GOP ticket of McCain - Lieberman , or Giuliani - Lieberman … "
In case you doubt who Kristol was rooting for , the editor of the Weekly Standard cut the Lieberman campaign a generous check for five hundred dollars .
Kristol is n't the only " conservative " who had been funneling money into Lieberman 's coffers either .
According to the online magazine Insight , White House advisor Karl Rove had been able to obtain literally millions of dollars for Lieberman from Republican donors nationwide .
Indeed , with " enemies " like these , who needs friends ?
In fact , Rove had engineered a plan of giving secret support to Lieberman .
Internal Republican polls this summer showed that the party would lose as many as thirty to forty seats in the House of Representatives and possibly enough seats in the Senate to lose control there as well , or have a fifty - fifty split , come November .
The calculus of Mr. Rove was that Lieberman would back the president on the issue of the Iraq War , Afghanistan War , possible Iran War and so - called War on Terror and provide the vote necessary to pass bills favored by the administration pertaining to those efforts .
Forget Lieberman 's views on the other issues , views what would earn the opprobrium of many conservative Republicans .
The war is the issue that really matters to the president , in his monomaniacal drive to pursue his foreign policies .
And liberal Lieberman matters much more to the president and his coterie than any Republican victory in Connecticut ever could .
Thus , the Republican Party that has let conservatives down several times in recent years has done so again by allying themselves with a left - liberal Democrat based on the narrow conceptions of a few issues and political expediency .
But , if Lieberman is now considered a fit by the Republican leadership , then where does that leave true conservatives ?
It leaves them in the lurch .
To quote the old conservative warhorse Phyllis Schlafly , writing in The American Conservative , " Bush ran as a conservative , but he has been steadily ( some might say stealthily ) trying to remold the conservative movement and the Republican Party into the Bush Party . "
Lieberman is a fitting symbol of what the Bush Republican Party has morphed into as it swerves leftward towards increased statism .
Under Bush the Republican Party has embraced big government in all areas , nation building projects , a creeping authoritarianism and New England Democrats .
Lieberman ended up winning re-election again as an independent .
He will caucus with the Democrats .
In Connecticut it was Republicans that provided the margin of victory for Lieberman , exit polls revealed .
That was the only thing Karl Rove got right this year .
Meanwhile the Democrats were able to wrest control of both houses of Congress from the Republicans for the first time in a dozen years .
The Iraq
War played heavily in the minds of voters this year ( the author included ) .
The irony is that Lieberman , the de facto Republican candidate in the race , ended up surviving the slaughter that felled so many others .
And the reason was that he could n't have asked for a more measly opposition or more supportive president .
That has long given pause to progressives ; it should also give pause to conservatives .
It should give them something to contemplate , especially now that the president has left them a political party on the rocks , a host of unresolved political problems … and Joe Lieberman .
November 15 , 2006
The Best of Martin Kraegel III
By LIZ HULL , Daily Mail
Last updated at 10:11 13 April 2006
The job may be long on hours and short on pay .
But working for yourself will make you much happier than those employed by others , according to research .
People who run their own businesses have such flexibility and independence that they enjoy far greater job satisfaction , experts claim .
The self - employed work longer hours for lower wages than their wage - slave counterparts .
Scientists found entrepreneurs put up with longer hours because they were worried about how much money they would have in the future .
The report , by academics at the University of Durham , also discovered numbers of female entrepreneurs have not increased since the 1990s .
Professor Simon Parker said young businessmen and women were more likely to take risks in new markets than established entrepreneurs .
Self - employed workers who were still successful in their 60s were less likely to retire , he said .
" We found that greater , or potentially greater , earnings around retirement age decreases the probability of retirement of the self - employed .
" It seems to be , ' Why stop whilst there 's a good thing going ? ' - a very understandable sentiment .
" Gender , health and family circumstances appear to have little bearing on entrepreneurs ' retirement decisions . "
He said Government policies could encourage self - employment by increasing benefits .
Young people should be the target for Government schemes to encourage entrepreneurship , the researchers suggested .
The report , funded by the Economic and Social Research Council , found between one in eight and one in 10 workers in the UK were self - employed .
They were responsible for giving jobs to about as many people , Prof Parker said .
By Jan Repa
BBC Europe analyst
Solidarity brought books and libraries to the Polish shipyards
It was the first independent mass political movement to emerge in the Soviet bloc .
But the debate continues over Solidarity 's significance for the ultimate collapse of East European communism .
On 31 August 1980 , Polish government representatives signed an agreement with striking shipyard workers , authorising the establishment of a new trade union free of communist control .
Sixteen months later , the experiment in political co-existence came to an end , with tanks on the streets and mass arrests .
Re-legalised in 1989 , Solidarity soon took over Poland 's government from the communists - but then rapidly disintegrated amid acrimony and mutual recriminations .
Papal visit
Stalin once said that establishing Communism in Poland was like trying to saddle a cow .
The largest of Moscow 's post - World War II satellites , Poland had a long history of conflict with Russia , and a tradition of personal freedom , Roman law , and limited government , very different from Russia's .
Throughout Poland 's vital Baltic region , the strike movement is gaining momentum .
This afternoon , the new strike committee in the Lenin shipyard has been expanding by the hour
BBC reporter Tim Sebastian , 1980
By the 1970s , many young Poles were travelling to the West to see relatives and to moonlight , their awareness of living in an impoverished backwater becoming more acute .
Then , in 1978 , a Polish archbishop , Karol Wojtyla , was elected Pope - taking the name John Paul II .
His return visit to Poland the following year turned into a triumphal progress , with millions turning out to greet him .
Gdansk shipyard worker and future Solidarity leader , Lech Walesa , summed up the effect : " The Holy Father , through his meetings , demonstrated how numerous we were .
He told us not to be afraid " .
On 31 August 1980 , the communist authorities conceded the strikers ' main demand : their own trade union , independent of communist control .
Soon Solidarity was claiming 10 million members .
In Lech Walesa , it also found its " People 's Tribune " .
With his rough and ready manners , mangled grammar , ostentatious Catholic piety and apparent lack of humbug , he was " Our Lech " .
Solidarity blatantly contradicted the Soviet principle that every aspect of public life had to be animated and controlled by the Communist Party .
It soon evolved into a mass movement for civil and national rights - but of a peculiar kind .
Its intellectual advisers coined the term " self - limiting revolution " .
Society , they said , would organise itself from below - but would not make a direct grab for power .
Moral revolution
The communist regime - hollowed out from inside - would remain as a facade , protecting Poland from Soviet attack .
Pope John Paul II played a major role , inspiring many Poles
" We were setting up libraries of independent publishing inside the enterprises , " he said .
" I have the impression that many workers were only then starting to read books . "
But if Solidarity promoted personal and social freedom , the West was not necessarily seen as a model .
Solidarity saw itself as driving a moral revolution : an end to the mutual suspicion , self - abasement , double - talk , influence - peddling and corruption of life under communism .
Meanwhile , the Czech and East German authorities successfully exploited traditional anti-Polish prejudices .
And as developments in 1981 would amply demonstrate , two of the Polish regime 's institutions remained relatively untouched : the army and the secret police .
Years later , Prime Minister Wojciech Jaruzelski sought to justify martial law as the lesser of two evils :
" This was our own sovereign decision - but one which took into account the realities of those times .
At that time the socialist system was the reality of that state - its backbone .
And toppling that reality would have meant both civil war and foreign intervention . "
The Soviet invasion threat has never been proved .
Former members of the Soviet leadership have said that armed intervention was discussed - but rejected .
Martial law
Mr Jaruzelski certainly did Moscow a favour , by sparing it the international opprobrium which would have followed an invasion .
Wojciech Jaruzelski could not stem the tide of opposition
Behind the trappings of a military junta , the Polish leadership tried to reassemble the familiar structures of a communist regime .
But the old fear had gone .
Confrontations between demonstrators and the Zomo riot police went on for months .
Eventually , the regime , society and the Solidarity underground settled down to a sullen co-existence .
A new reforming Soviet leader , Mikhail Gorbachev , paid a visit - but appeared badly out of touch .
If Poles wanted their own reformer , he reportedly told a roomful of silent communist activists , they had one in Jaruzelski .
When in 1988 UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher arrived in Gdansk , she was greeted with chants of " Send the Reds to Siberia ! "
Maybe we are the witnesses of a revolution without blood , without barricades , without violence
Solidarity activist
' Evil ' crackdown
To its own surprise , Solidarity won all but one of the seats it had been allowed to contest .
On 25 August , Tadeusz Mazowiecki , a veteran Catholic newspaper editor and Solidarity adviser , was sworn in as prime minister .
But Solidarity 's victory proved an anti-climax - being quickly overshadowed by events elsewhere in Central and Eastern Europe .
In November 1989 the Berlin Wall came down .
That same month , Prague experienced its own " festival of freedom " , when half a million people flocked to Wenceslas Square to hear the future Czech President , Vaclav Havel , denounce the communist regime .
In December , Romania 's dictator Nicolae Ceausescu was deposed and shot .
Suddenly , Poland 's " negotiated transition " looked rather timid .
Lech Walesa : 1980s hero still hoping for a comeback
But it was the younger Communist Party reformers who proved to be quicker on their feet .
In 1990 , the Polish Communist Party abandoned Marxism - Leninism , renamed itself the Democratic Left Alliance and redefined itself as a " social - democrat party of the West European type " .
In 1993 , it won the parliamentary elections and in 1995 , its leader Aleksander Kwasniewski defeated Lech Walesa in presidential elections .
Mr Kwasniewski had been a junior minister in the last communist government of the 1980s .
In retrospect , he is highly critical of Mr Jaruzelski's decision to impose martial law in 1981 , not least because of its longer - term psychological effects :
" We will never know whether - to use the colloquial expression - the ' Ruskis ' would have come in and when .
Martial law was an evil .
Evil , because it was directed against our reviving freedom .
Evil , because it quenched revived hopes for a life lived in dignity , for civil liberties and democracy . "
Wealth creation
Perhaps the summer of 1980 represented a unique moment : when economic crisis , working class discontent , intellectual ferment , a tired and clueless regime , and an upsurge of national pride in the new Pope , combined to produce a dynamic chemical reaction .
However , sectional interests , class prejudices and personal ambitions quickly reasserted themselves .
There have been huge changes in Poland since the fall of communism .
Newsreel footage of the Gdansk strikers - moustaches , bad haircuts , polyester trousers and all - show a vanished era , as remote to many younger Poles as top hats and walking sticks .
Lech Walesa still dreams of a political comeback .
General Jaruzelski concentrates on his memoirs and on avoiding jail .
Most significantly perhaps , Poles have discovered an unexpected talent for hard work and wealth creation .
But the country 's booming " enterprise culture " appears to have little obvious connection with Solidarity 's old communitarian ethos - except as an expression of an underlying desire for freedom .
WE ARE LIVING in an age of moral authority .
It ’s not the strength of the argument that matters , it ’s the strength of the arguer .
Nobody has exploited this more effectively than Cindy Sheehan , the mother of a fallen Iraq war soldier , who took command of the national agenda by camping outside President Bush ’s ranch and demanding to meet with him .
Everybody , of course , ought to feel horrible for Sheehan , and to honor her son ’s bravery .
But Sheehan ’s supporters do n’t just want us to sympathize with her .
They believe that her loss gives her views on the Iraq war more sway than the views of the rest of us .
As Maureen Dowd wrote in the New York Times , “ the moral authority of parents who bury children killed in Iraq is absolute . ”
The right ’s response is equally telling .
For the most part , conservatives are not arguing that Sheehan ’s tragedy tells us nothing about the merits of her views on Iraq .
Instead they are trying to discredit her as inauthentic , a Michael Moore pal who left her 2004 meeting with Bush pleased and grateful .
As Rush Limbaugh declared , “ Her story is nothing more than forged documents . ”
The conservative counterattack is pathetic .
( The family did not voice its objections to the handling of the war in its meeting with Bush in deference to the occasion , according to a news article . )
But aside from the dark comedy of the conservative machine going negative on a grieving mother , the mere fact of the response suggests that the right has bought into the premise peddled by Sheehan and her supporters :
If Sheehan is a genuine war mother radicalized by her son ’s death , then that is somehow an indictment of Bush and his policies .
Advertisement
One of the important ideas of a democratic culture is that we all have equal standing in the public square .
That does n’t mean stupid ideas should be taken as seriously as smart ones .
It means that the content of an argument should be judged on its own merits .
The left seems to be embracing the notion of moral authority in part as a tactical response to the right .
For years , conservatives have said or implied that if you criticize a war , you hate the soldiers .
During the Clinton years , conservatives insisted that the president lacked “ moral authority ” to send troops into battle because he had avoided the draft as a youth or , later , because he lied about his affair with Monica Lewinsky .
So adopting veterans or their mourning parents as spokesmen is an understandable counter - tactic .
It was a major part of the rationale behind John Kerry ’s candidacy .
The trouble is , plenty of liberals have come to believe their own bleatings about moral authority .
Liberal blogs are filled with attacks on “ chicken hawk ” conservatives who support the war but never served in the military .
A recent story in the antiwar magazine Nation attacked my New Republic editor , Peter Beinart , a supporter of the Iraq war , for having “ no national security experience , ” as if Nation editors routinely served in the Marine Corps .
The silliness of this argument is obvious .
There are parents of dead soldiers on both sides .
Conservatives have begun trotting out their own this week .
What does this tell us about the virtues or flaws of the war ?
Nothing .
Advertisement
Or maybe liberals think that having served in war , or losing a loved one in war , gives you standing to oppose wars but not to support them .
The trouble is , any war , no matter how justified , has a war hero or relative who opposes it .
Sheehan also criticizes the Afghanistan war .
One of the most common ( and strongest ) liberal indictments of the Iraq war is that it diverted troops that could have been deployed against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
Are liberals who make that case , yet failed to enlist themselves , chicken hawks too ?
DIGG THIS
I just Googled the words " infection control " and got 26,100,000 citations .
That ’s a bit too many for me to investigate so I will leave it to your curiosity , and move on to my own observations and suggestions on the subject .
The issue did not exist in the 60s .
The fabled killers of the past , like cholera , smallpox , polio , and tuberculosis were no more .
Huge strides forward in hygiene , diet , pharmacology , and medical care had succeeded in eliminating these scourges .
Then a strange and unanticipated thing happened .
As medical technology advanced in life - support systems , new killers emerged .
What was happening ?
Let me describe what I experienced in the early 70s .
After seatbelts were introduced we stopped seeing frequent chest injuries from traumatic encounters with steering wheels .
Instead we started seeing frequent head injuries from traumatic encounters with mother earth by motorcycle riders .
Those who survived the ER , surgery , and ICU were often still unconscious and attached to ventilators — breathing machines — and the question was , what to do with them ?
The hospital where I worked established a step - down unit , a kind of way - station between ICU and the wards .
There the patients could be weaned off the machines , hopefully restore consciousness , and move on .
We had nine patients in one large room .
Suddenly , almost overnight , all nine patients acquired pseudomonas infections in their lungs .
Now this is one of those everyday bacteria , like staph , that we live with , but it ’s not supposed to get into the lungs , where it becomes a killer .
The stench was awful and it spread throughout the hospital .
So did the bacteria .
When it hit the orthopedic ward , the doctors went ballistic and persuaded the hospital administration to apply draconian infection control procedures .
Strict isolation meant one patient per room , door closed , mats saturated with disinfectant at the door , gowns , gloves , mask , hat , and booties , and a basin of disinfectant for the hands .
No exceptions .
It was a chore , it was expensive , and it worked .
That outbreak was stopped .
Hospitals then started building special isolation rooms on wards that included an anteroom for putting on and taking off the gear and for washing up .
Fine , but they removed the booties and the floor mats , so now we tracked stuff in and out on our shoes .
In ICU we stopped treating patients in an open ward and put them in separate rooms that could be isolated if need be .
Yet overall the infection problem continued to grow .
Why ?
Where was it coming from ?
Now I want to tell a story that I know you ’re not going to like , but here it is .
In the mid 90s , a middle - aged man in seeming good health keeled over in a shopping mall .
Some passersby tried to help .
One started CPR , another called 911 .
An emergency crew arrived , took over , and transported him to the ER .
There he was stabilized and sent to ICU on life - support .
His electrocardiogram , echocardiogram , and blood work all showed massive heart damage and he was not stable enough for invasive diagnostics or surgery .
He was also not conscious .
The man survived his heart attack , but his electroencephalogram demonstrated brain death .
What on earth do we do now ?
That man ’s heart actually got better as the months passed , and his brain stem still worked enough so he could be removed from the ventilator .
So now we had a living , breathing body with zero higher brain function .
Brain dead .
The controversy about what to do next waxed hot and furious .
The healthcare system had already spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on this case , way beyond any possible insurance coverage or asset recovery .
The family refused to let him die .
And nature was going it ’s own way : Infection after infection attacked this body .
Doctors ran through their armory of antibiotics , vitamins , dietary supplements , consultants , you name it .
Nature beat them every time .
I ran into this patient in his third year of living death .
I will spare you a description .
However , I found him on my assigned list of patients on a busy medical - surgical ward where the new post - op heart surgery patients recovered after ICU .
He was there because they had a heart monitoring system .
He was in an isolation room .
I knew better than to take short - cuts with this patient , I could smell him down the hall , yet I saw staff doing just that .
His wife ignored the isolation procedure altogether .
Later I encountered him on the medical ward which took care of sick old people and cancer patients .
Still later I found him on the remodeled orthopedic ward .
These wards did not have isolation rooms , but only a notice on the door that usually remained open .
Staff largely ignored the rules , and breezed in and out of the room .
He finally came to rest back in ICU , where nature won the battle .
That hospital had six patient - care floors and this single patient contaminated five of them directly — considering hands , shoes , and carpets as vectors , probably the whole building .
With what result ?
I do n’t know .
I do know that during my four years there the rate of cross infection was growing out of hand .
New post - ops were getting wound infections .
Sometimes every other room was marked isolation .
That ’s intolerable .
We have reached a sticking point in medical science , art , and technology on this issue .
What can we do with the living - dead who become the breeding grounds for new diseases ?
We need a bridge technology here to buy time .
Instead of moving these poor souls from place to place and making the problem worse overall , let ’s put them into one place , an absolute isolation unit , where we can care for them , study them , learn from them , while protecting ourselves and our community at the same time .
A community of 100,000 people might need a three or four room unit dedicated to this purpose .
I am proposing something here that apparently does n’t exist , so please allow me to repeat .
I am not talking about patients who are conscious and responsive .
I am talking about patients who are both brain - dead and chronically , repeatedly infected .
Nobody wants to cope with these patients .
Their existence challenges us emotionally , spiritually , scientifically , and technically , yet they offer us an opportunity to understand another aspect of nature ’s mysteries : the source of new and dangerous bacteria .
Let ’s absolutely isolate them , and come to understand .
This would be an effective step toward humane infection control .
The Best of Robert Klassen
Google has been held liable for infringing the copyright of images purloined by others from adult website Perfect 10 .
Thumbnail images displayed in Google Image Search breached Perfect 10 copyright , according to a preliminary ruling in a US Federal Court this week .
But US District Court Judge Howard Matz held Google was not responsible if surfers clicked on thumbnails that directed them to full size porno images hosted on third party websites , taken without permission from the official Perfect 10 site .
Perfect 10 argued that these hi-res pictures constituted a copyright infringement by Google as well as the third - party sites .
Matz rejected this argument and proposed a narrow preliminary injunction that respected Perfect 10's copyrights while upholding Google 's broader right to catalogue online images , AP reports .
No trial date has been fixed .
Perfect 10 said it was confident it would win on both strands of its case at trial .
Google said the preliminary ruling would only effect searches relating to Perfect 10 adding that it would contest any injunction .
" While we 're disappointed with portions of the ruling , we are pleased with Judge Matz 's favourable ruling on linking and other aspects of Google image search , " Google spokesman Michael Kwun said .
Perfect 10 is also suing Amazon - run A9 , which uses Google technology , over the same issue .
The courts are yet to consider the A9 portion of the case . ®
Forgetful ?
Virus may be eating your brain Reuters
Viruses that cause a range of ills from the common cold to polio may be able to infect the brain and cause steady damage , a team at the
" Our study suggests that virus - induced memory loss could accumulate over the lifetime of an individual and eventually lead to clinical cognitive memory deficits , " says Dr Charles Howe , who reports the findings in the latest issue of the journal
The viruses are called picornaviruses and infect more than 1 billion people worldwide each year .
They include the virus that causes polio , as well as colds and diarrhoea .
People contract an average of two or three such infections a year .
" We think picornavirus family members cross into the brain and cause a variety of brain injuries .
For example , the polio virus can cause paralysis , " Howe says .
" It can injure the spinal cord and different parts of the brain responsible for motor function .
In the [ mouse ] virus we studied , it did the same thing and also injured parts of the brain responsible for memory . "
The researchers infected mice with a virus called Theiler 's murine encephalomyelitis virus , which is similar to human poliovirus .
Infected mice later had difficulty learning to navigate a maze .
Some were barely affected , while others were completely unable to manage .
When the mice were killed and their brains examined , a correlating amount of damage was seen in the hippocampus region , related to learning and memory .
One virus particularly likely to cause brain damage is enterovirus 71 , which is common in Asia , the researchers say .
It can cross over into the brain and cause encephalitis , a brain inflammation that can lead to coma and death .
" Our findings suggest that picornavirus infections throughout the lifetime of an individual may chip away at the cognitive reserve , increasing the likelihood of detectable cognitive impairment as the individual ages , " the researchers write .
" We hypothesise that mild memory and cognitive impairments of unknown aetiology may , in fact , be due to accumulative loss of hippocampus function caused by repeated infection with common and widespread neurovirulent picornaviruses . "
Other viruses kill brain cells , including the herpes virus and HIV .
Forget where you left your glasses ?
Did those keys go missing again ?
A virus may be to blame .
Viruses that cause a range of ills from the common cold to polio may be able to infect the brain and cause steady damage , a team at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota reports .
" Our study suggests that virus - induced memory loss could accumulate over the lifetime of an individual and eventually lead to clinical cognitive memory deficits , " says Dr Charles Howe , who reports the findings in the latest issue of the journal Neurobiology of Disease
The viruses are called picornaviruses and infect more than 1 billion people worldwide each year .
They include the virus that causes polio , as well as colds and diarrhoea .
People contract an average of two or three such infections a year .
" We think picornavirus family members cross into the brain and cause a variety of brain injuries .
For example , the polio virus can cause paralysis , " Howe says .
" It can injure the spinal cord and different parts of the brain responsible for motor function .
In the [ mouse ] virus we studied , it did the same thing and also injured parts of the brain responsible for memory .
"
The researchers infected mice with a virus called Theiler 's murine encephalomyelitis virus , which is similar to human poliovirus .
Infected mice later had difficulty learning to navigate a maze .
Some were barely affected , while others were completely unable to manage .
When the mice were killed and their brains examined , a correlating amount of damage was seen in the hippocampus region , related to learning and memory .
One virus particularly likely to cause brain damage is enterovirus 71 , which is common in Asia , the researchers say .
It can cross over into the brain and cause encephalitis , a brain inflammation that can lead to coma and death .
" Our findings suggest that picornavirus infections throughout the lifetime of an individual may chip away at the cognitive reserve , increasing the likelihood of detectable cognitive impairment as the individual ages , " the researchers write .
"
We hypothesise that mild memory and cognitive impairments of unknown aetiology may , in fact , be due to accumulative loss of hippocampus function caused by repeated infection with common and widespread neurovirulent picornaviruses .
" Other viruses kill brain cells , including the herpes virus and HIV .
Related Stories
Why Sudoku makes your brain ache , News in Science 12 Sep 2006 Brain injury may cause chronic fatigue , News in Science 2 Mar 2006 Music improves language and memory , News in Science 29 Jul 2003
More News Health & Medical • Environment & Nature • Space & Astronomy • Being Human • Ancient Worlds • Innovation & Technology • Science News Archives
In a few weeks , the US population clock will tick past 300 million .
It 's a symbolic moment , and over the next five Tuesdays , the Monitor will explore the ways , both profound and mundane , that this number affects the economy , the environment , how we live , and what we hope to achieve .
It reveals a present far different from the US at 200 million – and portends a future of equal or even greater change .
In the past 39 years , the United States has added 100 million people – the biggest population spurt in its history .
At the same time , America has sustained greater economic growth than any civilization before it .
Is there a link ?
While it's hard to prove that population growth spurs economic growth , experts say , the two often go hand in hand .
That helps to explain why , by virtually any socioeconomic standard , most American workers are better off today than they were in 1967 , the year the population reached 200 million .
The economy that boosted their earnings has also provided many more jobs , many of them in industries that did n't exist four decades ago .
So , the population rise has forced – or at least been accompanied by – dramatic change in the workplace .
Today 's workers are less likely to build automobiles and more likely to stock shelves at Wal - Mart or spend their days in a cubicle peering at a computer screen .
A far smaller share of workers belong to a union , and those who do often hold government jobs .
The fastest - growing job types are computer design and support , systems analysis , desktop publishing , and healthcare .
The most significant change of all : the rise of women in the workforce .
When Billie Williamson joined the Ernst & Young accounting firm in Dallas 32 years ago , she was one of just four women in an office of 100 employees .
There were no female partners or senior managers .
Today , 40 percent of the firm 's employees and 24 percent of its newest partners are women , and the retention rate for women is nearly equal to that of men .
Offices become family - friendly
The change goes beyond numbers .
" When I started , " Ms. Williamson remembers , " we had no maternity policy , so when my daughter was born my boss told me I could take four weeks of vacation . "
Today , employees get 12 weeks paid maternity leave and the option to start back on a flexible , reduced work schedule if they like .
The company also has formalized its flexible work arrangements for men as well as women to take into consideration children , elderly relatives who may need care , and other family needs .
" We are trying to address all of the issues people may encounter in their personal lives in a productive way that allows them to stay with Ernst & Young and have a great career , " says Williamson , who runs the company 's flexibility and gender equity strategy for its offices throughout the Americas when she 's not attending to clients as a partner in the firm .
Her trajectory mirrors the job gains of women , generally .
Back in 1967 , 41 percent worked outside the home .
Today , it 's 59 percent , a trend that 's brought results beyond the paycheck .
" There can be little doubt that , on balance , a woman 's expectation to earn a wage has been liberating , " write the authors of " America by the Numbers , " a 2001 look at the nation 's demographic and social trends .
At the same time , they observe , " the grand social transformation that many feminists hoped would follow ... remains far from complete . "
More women may be wearing power suits , but advances have been slow .
Just 16.4 percent of Fortune 500 companies have corporate officer positions held by women and only 11 Fortune 500 CEOs are women , according to Catalyst , a research and advocacy organization in New York .
In some law school classes now , most of the students are women .
But so far just 17 percent of law firm partners are female .
In terms of pay for work , women working full time are no longer earning 58 cents to the dollar paid men , as they were in 1967 .
But at 77 cents to the dollar , it 's still far from equal .
( The change is just as dramatic if men and women working part time are included .
See chart at left . )
While men's median earnings remain stagnant at a bit less than they were in 1973 , according to a recent report by the US Census Bureau , women 's have increased by more than half .
Still , at $ 23,546 , median annual earnings for women are more than $ 10,000 a year less than they are for men .
One area where women have made noticeable advances since the height of the Vietnam War in 1967 is the armed services .
They are flying fighter jets and helicopters , driving Humvees in Iraq , and commanding ships , squadrons , and ground units close to battlefields .
Though they are prevented by law from serving in direct - action combat units , they are frequently in harm 's way in Iraq where 56 women have been killed .
Double - amputee Tammy Duckworth , a former National Guard helicopter pilot shot down in Iraq , is running for the US Congress – another place where women are more likely to be found ( and in leadership positions ) .
Overall , most Americans are better off than they would have been in 1967 .
Real median household income has grown from $ 35,379 a year to $ 46,326 .
That 's reflected in bigger houses ; more cars ; and more home entertainment centers , computers , cellphones , and other 21st - century gadgets .
Do more people mean more riches ?
Does that prosperity have anything to do with population growth ?
Opinions differ , but at least in contrast to other developed countries many demographers and economists think so .
Families in Europe and Japan are not having enough children to keep their populations growing in the long term .
That means their societies are aging rapidly .
And it also stands in contrast to the US , which alone among the developed nations is expected to see its population surge in the coming decades .
America 's population growth is a function of three things : a fertility rate of just over two births per woman , a relatively high rate of immigration , and greater longevity .
" We 're the envy of Europe and Japan for our population growth , for our level of fertility , " says Samuel Preston , an economist and professor of demography at the University of Pennsylvania .
" Other Western societies are imperiled , I would say , by very low levels of child - bearing and their much - reduced ability to integrate immigrants into society , " says Dr. Preston .
" Their age structures are extremely antithetical to economic growth because they are so old and there is such a high burden of support required for the elderly population . "
For US , a growing consumer market
Other experts note that a younger , growing population stimulates a workforce to produce more while energizing research and development and increasing the market for goods and services – all important in an age of globalization .
In a world economy that is increasingly " flat , " as New York Times columnist and author Thomas Friedman puts it , having more immigrants may be important , too .
" For us to survive as an economic power we 're going to have to not only trade with other people in the world but also bring a fair number of people here to be in our labor force , to help us understand how the rest of the world is operating , " says William Frey a demographer with the University of Michigan and the Brookings Institution .
Payoff of a flat population ?
Not every expert agrees with these assessments .
" Nobody has yet proven that it 's absolutely necessary to have population growth [ to thrive economically ] , " says Martha Farnsworth Riche , former director of the US Census Bureau .
" That 's simply the model we all have in our heads .
My personal belief is it does n't have to be this way – that you can have economic well - being with a steady - state population . "
Ireland , for example , has a fertility rate ( 1.87 births per woman ) that is below the replacement level ( 2.1 ) – less than half what it was before the country lifted restrictions on contraception in 1979 .
Since then , Ireland 's " dependency ratio " ( the number of working - age people compared with the number too old or too young to work ) has dropped considerably .
In other words , there now are relatively more wage - earners paying taxes to support children and the elderly .
" That change coincides precisely with the country 's extraordinary economic surge , " Malcolm Gladwell writes in a recent issue of The New Yorker magazine .
" It depends on what policies a country has and how different sorts of social arrangements work , and all that , " says Nicholas Eberstadt , a scholar in political economy at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington .
" All other things being equal , which of course they never are , the prospects of moderate population growth , additional growth in the labor force , a moderated pace of population aging – all of those things one might imagine being positives rather than negatives from the standpoint of enhancing prosperity . "
Moderation is the key .
A nation 's population can grow too fast and overwhelm its resources .
In the United States , by contrast , the rate of growth is slowing .
But the nation is adding more people than ever before in absolute numbers because the population base is so much bigger than it was .
Slow progress on poverty
Has there in fact been enhanced prosperity for Americans during these nearly four decades of extraordinary population growth ?
There 's general agreement , as Henry Paulson said in his recent debut speech as Treasury secretary , that " amid this country 's strong economic expansion , many Americans simply are n't feeling the benefits . "
Today 's poverty rate is a bit less than it was when there were 200 million Americans in 1967 – 12.6 percent last year , according to a Census Bureau report last month .
But because the overall population has increased , the number of those in poverty has also grown – from 28 million to 37 million over the same period .
Whether an individual is likely to be officially designated as poor depends in large part on race .
For non- Hispanic whites the poverty rate is 8.3 percent ; for African - Americans , 24.9 percent ; and for those of Hispanic origin , 21.8 percent .
" The real incomes of lower - and middle - class households have fallen since 1970 , while those of the top fifth have increased dramatically , " according to " America by the Numbers . "
Census Bureau and Internal Revenue Service figures bear out this growing rich - poor gap .
But at the same time , says Mr. Eberstadt , " poor Americans have been enjoying progressively higher living standards .
They have been on the escalator as well as everybody else . "
His research shows gains among the officially designated poor in areas such as health and nutrition , housing , auto and appliance ownership , and travel .
As the US population grows and moves around , where people live also can reflect relative economic prosperity – across the country and within states .
In Oregon , once heavily timbered , dozens of sawmills in rural areas have shut down while blossoming high - tech facilities near cities have given the place a new nickname : the Silicon Forest .
The largest private employer in the state now is computer chipmaker Intel .
But economic demography may not be destiny .
Last week Intel announced that it will eliminate more than 10,000 jobs worldwide .
• Next week :
The impact of immigration .
Quite a few software professionals have learned that they need to worry about internationalizing software , and some of those have learned how to go about doing it .
For those getting started , herewith a brief introduction to Unicode , the one technology that you have to get comfortable with if you 're going to do a good job as a software citizen of the world .
This essay :
Provides some reasons why you ought to worry about internationalization .
Provides some basic background on the world 's writing systems .
Explains generally how characters and encodings and fonts and so on fit together .
Describes the history and politics of Unicode .
Describes the Unicode standard technically .
Offers some advice on the right things to do about all this .
Right : U+0024 DOLLAR SIGN
Why Should You Care ? ·
Whether you 're doing business or academic research or public service , you have to deal with people , and these days , it 's quite likely that some of the people you want to deal with come from somewhere else , and you 'll sometimes want to deal with them in their own language .
And if your software is unable to collect , store , and display a name , an address , or a part description in Chinese , Bengali , or Greek , there 's a good chance that this could become very painful very quickly .
There are a few organizations that as a matter of principle operate in one language only ( The US Department of Defense , the Académie française ) but as a proportion of the world , they shrink every year .
Right : U+05D4 HEBREW LETTER HE
If you 're in the business of specifying , paying for , or building software , and you 're not paying attention to this stuff you 're probably not doing your job .
The good news is that doing the right thing is n't that difficult or that expensive .
Writing Systems ·
The number of human languages is much larger than the number of systems for writing them down , but the definitive reference on the subject , The World 's Writing Systems ( Peter T. Daniels and William Bright , eds. ) , still has 74 big sections , most of which discuss not one but a family of related writing systems .
The Unicode system , which we 'll discuss in depth , covers some three dozen different language - oriented character sets .
Right : U+0E12 THAI CHARACTER THO PHUTHAO
Many languages , of course , are n't written in our A - to - Z alphabet , in fact many are n't written with alphabets at all .
Many scripts do n't fill the page left - to - right top - to - botton , do n't have spaces between words , do n't have alphabetical order , and do n't conform to Western expectations in lots of other different ways .
And once you get past languages you have to deal with symbols for currency , mathematics , and science .
If you 're feeling intimidated , do n't ; there is good technology in place to help deal with this , and the really hard problems have mostly been solved for you by other people .
We 'll start with the basics : how do you get the languages of the world into and out of computers ?
Right : U+AE7D HANGUL SYLLABIC
Input Methods ·
How do people get text in all the world 's languages into the computer ?
This is one of the many problems that you do n't have to solve ; anyone who sells a computer , or a PDA , or a cellphone , equips it with technology to do this .
For languages which have a reasonably - small number of characters ( Hebrew , Arabic , Greek , the languages of India ) you just use a keyboard with those characters painted on the keys .
For Chinese , Japanese , and Korean , there are a variety of tricks people use to enter thousands of characters using only a few dozen keys .
I wo n't go into detail , but if you have n't seen it before , it 's pretty impressive to watch a Japanese person pounding text into their PDA at high speed using just their thumbs .
Right : U+00D8 LATIN CAPITAL LETTER O WITH STROKE
Fonts and Rendering · How do computers display text in all those writing systems ?
The bad news is that this is a horribly hard problem ; the good news is that once again , the people who make computer systems have done most of the work .
If you 're going to have to support complicated text - editing operations including select / cut / paste , you 're going to have to bite the bullet and learn a lot more about this than you probably want to , but most software only really needs to accept short chunks of text in the fields of a form , and then to hand off other chunks of text to a browser or equivalent for display on the screen .
Right : U+4F5B HAN IDEOGRAPH
There are two pieces of technology necessary to make this work .
The first is fonts ; if you have a Russian customer and send them some Cyrillic text ( for example their name ) , they probably have the appropriate fonts installed on their computer and everything will just work out ; on the other hand , if you 're a Canadian anglophone like me and try to open an Indian website that 's written in Gujarati , there 's a good chance the fonts wo n't be there .
Having said that , Macintosh OS
X comes with an astoundingly wide selection of fonts that covers pretty well the whole world , and I believe modern Windows boxes are reasonably well - supplied as well .
Fonts do n't solve the whole problem .
Many languages just can't be rendered without some built - in knowledge of how characters , words , and lines fit together ; for example , many versions of Windows can't display
Thai text without downloading some special Thai rendering software ( which Microsoft supplies ) .
Once again , the good news is that nobody expects you to write this into your software .
Right : U+0634 ARABIC LETTER SHEEN
Unicode , ISO , Politics ·
You can do the right thing at a reasonable cost , mostly because an excellent standard normally referred to as “ Unicode ” .
There 's a lot of history behind this simple label ; Unicode proper is a consortium of technology vendors that , many years ago in a flash of intelligence and public - spiritedness , decided to unify their work with that going on at the ISO .
Thus , while there are officially two standards you should care about , Unicode and ISO 10646 , through some political / organizational magic they are exactly the same , and if you 're using one you 're also using the other .
Right : U+0F03 TIBETAN MARK GTER YIG MGO -UM GTER TSHEG MA
The reason we usually talk about Unicode rather than ISO10646 is that Unicode has a helpful web site and also publishes their product in a nice beautifully printed book , which you should think seriously about buying ; more on that later .
What 's a “ Character ” Anyhow ?
·
All human languages are written using characters ; and while philologists can enjoy decades - long arguments about what characters are , as far as Unicode ( and computers ) care , a character can usefully be defined as the smallest atomic unit of text with semantic value .
Computers usually store characters as small numbers ; back in the days of A - to - Z ASCII , you could fit a character into an eight - bit byte , but those days are long gone .
Right : U+221E INFINITY
Historically , there have been hundreds of different systems for assigning characters to numbers and then stuffing those numbers into bytes of computer storage .
Given that every computer manufacturer in the world tended to cook up their own scheme for every language in the world , this was clearly an interoperability disaster in the making , and led to the ISO and Unicode work .
How Unicode Works ·
The basics of Unicode are actually pretty simple .
It defines a large ( and steadily growing ) number of characters - just under 100,000 last time I checked .
Each character gets a name and a number , for example LATIN CAPITAL LETTER A is 65 and TIBETAN SYLLABLE OM is 3840 .
Unicode includes a table of useful character properties such as " this is lower case " or " this is a number " or " this is a punctuation mark " .
Right : U+0A8A GUJARATI LETTER UU
Also , for each of these characters , the standard provides a helpful picture of a reasonably - typical rendition .
For reasons we need not explore here , Unicode numbers are given in four hex digits preceded by U+ , so “ A ” ; is U+0041 and “ Tibetan Om ” is U+0F00 .
Now the labels for the pictures in the right margin should make sense .
The Unicode standard also includes a large volume of helpful rules and explanations about how to display these characters properly , do line - breaking and hyphenation and sorting and all sorts of other stuff that you probably do n't have to worry about , but if you do , it 's all right here and easy to find .
Right : U+091D DEVANAGARI LETTER JHA
Encodings · From Unicode 's point a view , text is stored on a computer as a series of numbers , one per character .
There are many different ways to arrange these numbers in memory ( or in a network transmission ) , some straightforward and efficient , some less so .
These are called “ encodings ” .
Unicode itself defines several different encoding schemes , the two best known of which are UTF - 8 and UTF - 16 .
However , there 's a good chance that your software will have to input and output characters in some other pre-Unicode encoding scheme such as ASCII , ISO - 8859 , or a Microsoft Code Page .
Fortunately , converting back and forth is a fairly well - defined process , if a little bit less efficient than we would like .
Right : U+0178 LATIN SMALL LETTER Y WITH DIAERESIS
Internally , it would be a really good idea , in your software , to start storing all your data internally as either UTF - 8 or UTF - 16 , starting now .
I 'll discuss the trade - offs between these two in another essay , which will be quite a bit more technical than this one .
Special Problems in Asian Scripts · The Asian scripts ( Chinese , Japanese , and Korean , often abbreviated “ CJK “ ) present special problems , both political and technical .
The process by which all these related character sets were organized into the Unicode tables was somewhat controversial and left bruised egos in various places around Asia , in particular Japan .
For quite some time , whether or not you were using Unicode , you had to be really careful what you said about it in Japan or you could end up catching some real grief .
Right : U+306C HIRAGANA LETTER NU
However , today there seems to be fairly widespread acceptance of the fact that while Unicode may not be perfect , it 's probably an acceptable compromise and substantially better than the chaos that came before .
Another problem is that in these parts of the world , it is not unheard - of to invent new characters .
The Japanese word for such charaacters is gaiji ; historically they were invented for personal or company names .
Just last year , I found out that NTT DoCoMo has been inventing new characters for teenagers to include in their cellphone text messages .
This made my blood run a little bit cold , and I think the jury 's still out on what the impact is going to be from a business point of view .
Right : U+0A14 GURMUKHI LETTER AU
Search ·
One of the most common things you have to do with text is search it .
In an internationalized environment , this is tricky with Unicode and essentially impossible without it .
It 's tricky because a decent search capability knows about things like singular / plural , verb conjugations , and maybe something about synonyms .
This is obviously different from language to language .
Another problem is that in some languages ( for example Japanese and Chinese ) there are no spaces between the words .
This is a problem for software that needs to search such text .
Not all search - engine vendors have done a good job of this , and if you ’re doing your own search capability you 're going to have to think about it
Does This All Work ? ·
It 's important to realize that all this is here today and really works .
The following is a bit of an experiment and depends how many fonts you have in your browser .
Suppose you wanted to send an invoice to me , Tim Bray ; it 's a good idea to spell someone 's name correctly particularly when you 're asking for money .
So , if I were living in Cairo you 'd probably want to send it to تم براي , and if in Osaka , to チムブレー .
What You Have to Do · So what , practically speaking , should you do , as a software practitioner ?
Here are a bunch of recommendations :
# 10
#9
# 8
# 7
# 6
# 5
# 4
# 3
# 2
# 1
must have an AdWords account
Honorable Mentions :
void main ( ) I would like to jump right into the content of this article -- some of the best tools around for getting the most out of Google 's Adsense campaign .
First , we 'll start off with the tools in order of personal preference from less useful to most useful ( since there is really no good way to compare a tool -- its all in how you use it anyway ) .----------------------This tool is helpful in comparing AdSense ads to those of other advertisement vendors ( Chitika , Yahoo ) .
You also have the ability to customize the colors and view what ads a certain URL would be likely to display .
It 's a pretty solid tool when planning what type of advertisements you want to put on your page ( especially if you are trying to decide which vendor to sign up with ) .----------------------The Blacklist basically gives you a list of AdWord publishers that have very low payouts .
It is a fact that ad space is valuable -- I would rather fill my ad space with 3 publishers offering $ 0.50 per click than 3 publishers offering 1 or 2 cents .
By providing a list of provider domains to avoid , you can filter your ads and have a greater chance of having high - paying publisher ads displayed on your site .
According its website , Blacklist works by : " ... providing you with list of most commonly filtered websites whose webmasters use AdWords to attract visitors for low price click so they can convert it to high price click on their own MFA ( Made for AdSense ) site (s ) .
In order to STOP these type of actions going on your sites , all you need to do is to paste our specially generated list to your AdSense Setup -> Competitive Ad Filter list .
Your revenue should substantially increase .
" Nuff said .----------------------This is one of my favorite tools -- it allows you to quickly calculate how much you can make given daily impressions , CTR , and CPC .
Although it ’s certainly easy to calculate the values yourself , this is a resource you can use to quickly get that info .
It computes daily , monthly , and yearly data for both clicks and earnings .
From their website :
" It also serves as a tool that will allow Google AdSense users to take their current statistics and get an idea of how much they can expect to see daily , monthly and yearly .
As well as those who are considering implementing AdSense on their site what results they are likely to see .
" For those out there who like to speculate ( " hmmm , if I had 3000 impressions and a CTR of 2 % and average CPC of 30 cents , what could I make ...? " ) this is THE tool for you -- quick , simple , and easy to use .----------------------"
This is a handy little utility if you would like to see what sort of Google AdSense ads are based on content or keywords .
" This tool lets you see LOTS of ads that Adsense may be displaying on a site .
Why is this good ?
Simply put , you can look at ads that show up for your competitor 's site .
And why is THAT good ?
You can use it to help out your own ad campaign .
For example , I know Plenty of Fish ( the free dating site with the ugly site design ) makes a TON of money from ads .
Since my site , UpHook , is in the same general category , I can look at what ads are showing up for them and see if those same sites show up on mine .
If not , then I know I 'm not really competing against them ; and I also know that their ads are probably worth more per-click than my ads .
In addition , this also gives me a list of what websites I may be competing against .
And keeping an eye on one 's competition is a smart move .----------------------
Adsense Preview Tool ( explorer ) This tool is very similar to the Sandbox .
The difference is that you can generate a preview of what ads may be displayed on a page much easier .
Rather than visiting a website , you can bring up a pop - up window full of ad samples by right clicking and selecting the preview tool from the pop -up window .
The upside :
It 's easy to access and gives good information ( see Tool # 7 ) The downside : It 's for Internet Explorer ----------------------
Adsense Notifier ( firefox ) This is an invaluable too for OC people who check adsense stats every 5 minutes .
Checking adsense habitually is a painful process — its like watching grass grow .
But this handy little extension makes it less of a headache .
The Notifier can sit in the bottom of your browser window and displays whatever stats you want -- total clicks , daily earnings , impressions , CTR , etc .
Wondering if you made any more money yet ?
You can find out with a quick glance .
It ’s highly configurable and can save you bunch of time .----------------------Now we 're getting to the heavy hitters .
This tool is actually part of the Adsense setup manager , so you have to already have an AdSense account to use it .
You can use the ad filter to block specific ads from appearing on your pages .
Simply give the filter a list of URLs and they are effectively prevented from displaying on your site / blog .
This can be useful for a few reasons : 1- You can prevent competition form advertising on your site .
This could directly benefit from you by helping to ensure that people stay on your site and not jump on the first ad offering the same thing your site does .
Due to the targeted - advertisement nature of AdSense , if you have a service site there is a good chance that your competition will have ads showing up on your site all the time .
For example , all the ads that show up on my site ( free personals , etc ) are for other sites offering dating and personals and matchmaking , etc .
For some people this is bad -- but for others it can be a good thing .
2- You can prevent irrelevant ads from being displayed .
I mentioned this in a previous blog post -- there are some cases where you want to get rid of ads that do n't really correlate well with your site content .
Remember , AdSense is just a software system -- it tries to determine what ads to serve up based on some site content .
There is a chance that it can guess wrong .
And when that happens , you can use the filter to help correct things .
Have a site about dogs being cooler than cats but AdSense shows a bunch of ads about pro-cat books ?
Just chug the bogus cat sites into the filter and you 'll be all set .3- You can block publishers that have low - paying ads .
This is helpful in making sure you get the best value for your space .
Using the Blacklist tool to get a list of low - paying publishers and plugging their domains into your competitive ads filter can quite possibly earn you more money in the long run .
These are all good uses for the filter , however , there is a drawback to using this tool -- if you are trying to filter entire groups of content by using the filter , you will only see temporary results .
As more sites pop up , you will likely have to keep updating the filter .
This is why this tool is best suited for blocking sites that are in direct competition with yours .----------------------I know some people who swear by this tool .
Although you have to sign up to get unlimited access to the service , the trial will probably give provide enough useful information for you to enhance your AdSense experience .
Word Tracker pretty much tells you how often people search for a specific keyword .
It can also estimate how many competing sites use those keywords .
This is probably the best tool to use before deciding what content to include on your page .
If there are a lot of competitors , it may be better to target one of the less - searched - for words .
Chances are , you will be able to get indexed higher in a search engine for those terms as opposed to going head - to - head with the competition for the popular words .
Obviously , this can drive traffic to your site .
Users are more likely to visit matches that show up within the first 2 or 3 pages of a Google search than they are to visit matches on page 87 .
Why not opt for being indexed in the first 1 - 50 matches ?
Sure , you will get less searches overall , but you will be much more visible .
According to their website : " Wordtracker helps website owners and search engine marketers identify keywords and phrases that are relevant to their or their client 's business and most likely to be used as queries by search engine visitors .
" This tool is can be used for things other than AdSense .
However , it just so happens that popular search keywords are also popular AdSense keywords .
Go figure .----------------------This tool gives you both suggested keywords AND sample bid amounts given a target word .
Although Overture is NOT the same as AdSense , the keywords are almost the same as those suggested when signing up for an AdSense account .
In addition , I 've found that the bids listed are pretty darn close to those offered by AdWords publishers .
Using this tool , it would be trivial to build a list of high - paying keywords that you would want to make sure you use in your content .
If you ensure that mostly high - paying ads are displayed on your site , you will be getting the most out of your ad space .
Think about it -- a user is n’t going to know how much each ad is worth before they click it .
They are likely to click on almost any ad that appeals to them .
Why not make sure that those ads will pay the most money ?
Using the Overture bidding tool to get other suggested keywords is also useful -- however , be careful not to saturate your page content with a bunch of keywords .
This can make your site / blog look tacky .
A few here and there should be enough for the AdSense spider to throw up high - paying ads .
Combined with the Blacklist , this is an excellent tool to use as an alternative to the AdWords Bidding Tool .----------------------This is probably the most useful tool out there .
The only drawback is that youto get access to the information .
I would suggest getting AdWords anyway , since it gives you a good idea of what publishers go through and what options they have when creating ads .
This bidding tool is THE resource for figuring out what keywords result in the highest paying AdSense ads .
It 's quite possible that all those pages and blogs that list the Top X - number of highest paying AdSense keywords use the bidding information found through AdWords or Overture .
As a site / blog owner , its important to know what words you might want to emphasize in your content .
The traffic estimator will take a set of keywords and tell you the estimated average CPC based on current publisher bidding statistics .
Knowing that the estimated CPC of my keywords can pull ads paying between $ 3 and $ 8 on average , I know that I am in a very good position to make money from my AdSense advertising .
Although these CPCs are average values , and I 'm sure Google will only show those ads on very well - performing sites , it at least lets me know what I have to look forward to when I start bringing in a larger amount of traffic .----------------------Not really a tool .
But for those people who do n't know , this can increase your earnings substantially -- especially if you have ads in all the wrong places .
I do n't really know much about this site , other than some people apparently bought the tool and use it to easily find the best keywords .
I 'm not big on buying stuff , so I would n't really use it .
But if anybody is interested in trying ( or has already tried ) it and does n't mind paying a few bucks , feel free to let me know if its worth the money .
I ’ve heard good things about it .----------------------Getting the most out of AdSense hinges upon your ability to optimize .
Using these tools can certainly help out .
If you have ( or plan to have ) AdSense on your site / blog then I think its a very good idea to look at some of the tools out there and try to ensure that you are utilizing your ad space in a smart way .
November 2004
( This is a new essay for the Japanese edition of Hackers & Painters .
It tries to explain why Americans make some things well and others badly . )
A few years ago an Italian friend of mine travelled by train from Boston to Providence .
She had only been in America for a couple weeks and had n't seen much of the country yet .
She arrived looking astonished .
" It 's so ugly ! "
People from other rich countries can scarcely imagine the squalor of the man -made bits of America .
In travel books they show you mostly natural environments : the Grand Canyon , whitewater rafting , horses in a field .
If you see pictures with man -made things in them , it will be either a view of the New York skyline shot from a discreet distance , or a carefully cropped image of a seacoast town in Maine .
How can it be , visitors must wonder .
How can the richest country in the world look like this ?
Oddly enough , it may not be a coincidence .
Americans are good at some things and bad at others .
We 're good at making movies and software , and bad at making cars and cities .
And I think we may be good at what we 're good at for the same reason we 're bad at what we 're bad at .
We 're impatient .
In America , if you want to do something , you do n't worry that it might come out badly , or upset delicate social balances , or that people might think you 're getting above yourself .
If you want to do something , as Nike says , just do it .
This works well in some fields and badly in others .
I suspect it works in movies and software because they 're both messy processes .
" Systematic " is the last word I 'd use to describe the way good programmers write software .
Code is not something they assemble painstakingly after careful planning , like the pyramids .
It 's something they plunge into , working fast and constantly changing their minds , like a charcoal sketch .
In software , paradoxical as it sounds , good craftsmanship means working fast .
If you work slowly and meticulously , you merely end up with a very fine implementation of your initial , mistaken idea .
Working slowly and meticulously is premature optimization .
Better to get a prototype done fast , and see what new ideas it gives you .
It sounds like making movies works a lot like making software .
Every movie is a Frankenstein , full of imperfections and usually quite different from what was originally envisioned .
But interesting , and finished fairly quickly .
I think we get away with this in movies and software because they 're both malleable mediums .
Boldness pays .
And if at the last minute two parts do n't quite fit , you can figure out some hack that will at least conceal the problem .
Not so with cars , or cities .
They are all too physical .
If the car business worked like software or movies , you 'd surpass your competitors by making a car that weighed only fifty pounds , or folded up to the size of a motorcycle when you wanted to park it .
But with physical products there are more constraints .
You do n't win by dramatic innovations so much as by good taste and attention to detail .
The trouble is , the very word " taste " sounds slightly ridiculous to American ears .
It seems pretentious , or frivolous , or even effeminate .
Blue staters think it's " subjective , " and red staters think it 's for sissies .
So anyone in America who really cares about design will be sailing upwind .
Twenty years ago we used to hear that the problem with the US car industry was the workers .
We do n't hear that any more now that Japanese companies are building cars in the US .
The problem with American cars is bad design .
You can see that just by looking at them .
All that extra sheet metal on the AMC Matador was n't added by the workers .
The problem with this car , as with American cars today , is that it was designed by marketing people instead of designers .
Why do the Japanese make better cars than us ?
Some say it 's because their culture encourages cooperation .
That may come into it .
But in this case it seems more to the point that their culture prizes design and craftsmanship .
For centuries the Japanese have made finer things than we have in the West .
When you look at swords they made in 1200 , you just can't believe the date on the label is right .
Presumably their cars fit together more precisely than ours for the same reason their joinery always has .
They 're obsessed with making things well .
Not us .
When we make something in America , our aim is just to get the job done .
Once we reach that point , we take one of two routes .
We can stop there , and have something crude but serviceable , like a Vise - grip .
Or we can improve it , which usually means encrusting it with gratuitous ornament .
When we want to make a car " better , " we stick tail fins on it , or make it longer , or make the windows smaller , depending on the current fashion .
Ditto for houses .
In America you can have either a flimsy box banged together out of two by fours and drywall , or a McMansion -- a flimsy box banged together out of two by fours and drywall , but larger , more dramatic - looking , and full of expensive fittings .
Rich people do n't get better design or craftsmanship ; they just get a larger , more conspicuous version of the standard house .
We do n't especially prize design or craftsmanship here .
What we like is speed , and we 're willing to do something in an ugly way to get it done fast .
In some fields , like software or movies , this is a net win .
But it 's not just that software and movies are malleable mediums .
In those businesses , the designers ( though they 're not generally called that ) have more power .
Software companies , at least successful ones , tend to be run by programmers .
And in the film industry , though producers may second - guess directors , the director controls most of what appears on the screen .
And so American software and movies , and Japanese cars , all have this in common : the people in charge care about design -- the former because the designers are in charge , and the latter because the whole culture cares about design .
I think most Japanese executives would be horrified at the idea of making a bad car .
Whereas American executives , in their hearts , still believe the most important thing about a car is the image it projects .
Make a good car ?
What 's " good ? "
It 's so subjective .
If you want to know how to design a car , ask a focus group .
Instead of relying on their own internal design compass ( like Henry Ford did ) , American car companies try to make what marketing people think consumers want .
But it is n't working .
American cars continue to lose market share .
And the reason is that the customer does n't want what he thinks he wants .
Letting focus groups design your cars for you only wins in the short term .
In the long term , it pays to bet on good design .
The focus group may say they want the meretricious feature du jour , but what they want even more is to imitate sophisticated buyers , and they , though a small minority , really do care about good design .
Eventually the pimps and drug dealers notice that the doctors and lawyers have switched from Cadillac to Lexus , and do the same .
Apple is an interesting counterexample to the general American trend .
If you want to buy a nice CD player , you 'll probably buy a Japanese one .
But if you want to buy an MP3 player , you 'll probably buy an iPod .
What happened ?
Why does n't Sony dominate MP3 players ?
Because Apple is in the consumer electronics business now , and unlike other American companies , they 're obsessed with good design .
Or more precisely , their CEO is .
I just got an iPod , and it 's not just nice .
It 's surprisingly nice .
For it to surprise me , it must be satisfying expectations I did n't know I had .
No focus group is going to discover those .
Only a great designer can .
Cars are n't the worst thing we make in America .
Where the just - do - it model fails most dramatically is in our cities -- or rather , exurbs .
If real estate developers operated on a large enough scale , if they built whole towns , market forces would compel them to build towns that did n't suck .
But they only build a couple office buildings or suburban streets at a time , and the result is so depressing that the inhabitants consider it a great treat to fly to Europe and spend a couple weeks living what is , for people there , just everyday life . [ 1 ]
But the just - do - it model does have advantages .
It seems the clear winner for generating wealth and technical innovations ( which are practically the same thing ) .
I think speed is the reason .
It 's hard to create wealth by making a commodity .
The real value is in things that are new , and if you want to be the first to make something , it helps to work fast .
For better or worse , the just - do - it model is fast , whether you 're Dan Bricklin writing the prototype of VisiCalc in a weekend , or a real estate developer building a block of shoddy condos in a month .
If I had to choose between the just - do - it model and the careful model , I 'd probably choose just - do - it .
But do we have to choose ?
Could we have it both ways ?
Could Americans have nice places to live without undermining the impatient , individualistic spirit that makes us good at software ?
Could other countries introduce more individualism into their technology companies and research labs without having it metastasize as strip malls ?
I 'm optimistic .
It 's harder to say about other countries , but in the US , at least , I think we can have both .
Apple is an encouraging example .
They 've managed to preserve enough of the impatient , hackerly spirit you need to write software .
And yet when you pick up a new Apple laptop , well , it does n't seem American .
It 's too perfect .
It seems as if it must have been made by a Swedish or a Japanese company .
In many technologies , version 2 has higher resolution .
Why not in design generally ?
I think we 'll gradually see national characters superseded by occupational characters : hackers in Japan will be allowed to behave with a willfulness that would now seem unJapanese , and products in America will be designed with an insistence on taste that would now seem unAmerican .
Perhaps the most successful countries , in the future , will be those most willing to ignore what are now considered national characters , and do each kind of work in the way that works best .
Race you .
Notes
[ 1 ] Japanese cities are ugly too , but for different reasons .
Japan is prone to earthquakes , so buildings are traditionally seen as temporary ; there is no grand tradition of city planning like the one Europeans inherited from Rome .
The other cause is the notoriously corrupt relationship between the government and construction companies .
Thanks to Trevor Blackwell , Barry Eisler , Sarah Harlin , Shiro Kawai , Jessica Livingston , Jackie McDonough , Robert Morris , and Eric Raymond for reading drafts of this .
American Gothic
The John Rain Books
A new book about queer baby names among celebrities was issued ( Freakonomics ) .
Authors , in particular , remind about strange names celebrities prefer giving their babies sometimes
A new book about queer baby names among celebrities was issued
( Freakonomics ) .
Authors , in particular , remind about strange names
celebrities prefer giving their babies sometimes .
A new book about queer baby names among celebrities was issued ( Freakonomics ) .
Authors , in particular , remind about strange namescelebrities prefer giving their babies sometimes .
Here`re some unusual names : Audio Science ( Shannyn Sossamon ) , Banjo
( Rachel Griffiths ) , Puma ( Erykah Badu ) , Pilot Inspektor ( Jason Lee ) ,
Hermajesty ( Jermaine Jackson ) , Denim ( Toni Braxton ) , God’iss Love ( Lil`
Mo ) .
According to Guardian , most likely , celebrities think that a fabulous
name will somehow provide fame to their children .
There is not always a
correlation between names and success ..
In particular , this book writes about a fact , when in the end of 1950s
in New - York one father named his son Loser , and another one - Winner .
Loser made himself a successful carrier , and Winner was in prison
several times for different crimes , starting from domestic violence and
finishing with burglary .
Julia Roberts named one of her twins Phineas , Gwyneth Paltrow`s
daughter name is Apple , Victoria and David Beckham`s babies` name -
Brooklyn and Romeo .
And these names seem to be less defiant , than those
that were met among celebrities earlier .
News about David and Victoria Beckham`s third baby caused lots of
gossips and guess - works .
And people thought not only about date of
birth and sex of this famous couple`s baby , - probably , one of the most
important points of public discussion was a name , which happy parents
were going to give their baby .
As it is known , two elder Beckham sons
have rather original names - Brooklyn and Romeo .
And the couple made a good shot - they named their third baby Cruz .
As
it was reported earlier , experts in the area of linguistics called in
question expediency of naming a boy Cruz .
“ Frankly speaking , I think
this name is rather stupid , - a senior Spanish language teacher from
Oxford University , Lola Oria , said .
-
They will have problems in Spain ,
as Cruz is considered to be a female name there .
This is an old female
name , it is clearly Spanish , and English - speaking people will have
difficulties pronouncing it , moreover , calling a little boy ” .
As it is known , David Beckham has a tattoo on his waist in the form of
the word “ Brooklyn ” , and on shoulders - tattooed picture of cross and
crucifixion .
The word Cruz means “ cross ” in Spanish , what afforded
grounds for journalists to think about the reason of such name choice
for their third baby .
As it is known , David Beckham has a tattoo on his waist in the form ofthe word “ Brooklyn ” , and on shoulders - tattooed picture of cross andcrucifixion .
The word Cruz means “ cross ” in Spanish , what affordedgrounds for journalists to think about the reason of such name choicefor their third baby .
These days it emerged that Chelsea football - player Frank Lampard and
his Spanish girlfriend named their daughter Luna .
As it turned out ,
Victoria Beckham was already planning such name for her baby , if she
would give birth to a girl .
Curiously the dash for newness in names among celebrities influenced
fans they are trying to impress not so much .
Simple British people
prefer naming their babies in a traditional way : Thomas , Daniel ,
William , Emily , Lucy and Sophie .
During 10 years Jack was on the first
place in England .
Such simple names show that worlds of celebrities `
names and simple people`s names are separated by a huge gap .
音量調節の部分は しっぽのとこ さんの プレイン を使わせていただきました。スペースキーで表示非表示の切り替えができます。曲素材 unfinishd 2006 / 05/04 公開。音量調節にプレイン追加。
Greg Hogan is far from the only college student to see the game 's role in his life grow from a hobby to a destructive obsession .
Researchers from the University of Connecticut Health Center interviewed a random sample of 880 college students and found that 1 out of every 4 of the 160 or so online gamblers in the study fit the clinical definition of a pathological gambler , suggesting that college online - poker addicts may number in the hundreds of thousands .
Many , like Lauren Patrizi , a 21 - year - old senior at Loyola University in Chicago , have had weeks when they 're playing poker during most of their waking hours .
Rarely leaving their rooms , they take their laptops with them to bed , fall asleep each night in the middle of a hand and think , talk and dream nothing but poker .
By the time Patrizi finally quit , the game seemed to be both the cause of all her problems and her only means of escaping them .
" I kept on playing so I would n't have to look at what poker had done to my bank account , my relationships , my life , " she told me .
Other addicts , like Alex Alkula , a 19 - year - old living outside Columbus , Ohio , decide to " go pro , " drop out of school and wind up broke and sleeping on their friends ' couches .
Alkula , who left the Art Institute of Pittsburgh after five months , now makes his living dealing hold 'em in private home games and organizing tournaments in bars .
Having overdrawn four bank accounts , Alkula can no longer play online himself .
But when he gets home from work at 3 or 4 in the morning , he turns on his computer , clicks on Full Tilt Poker and watches the players ' cards flicker on the screen until dawn .
" I ca n't get away from it , " he told me .
" And really , I do n't want to .
I 'll keep playing poker even if it means being broke for the rest of my life .
I 've fallen in love with the game . "
In its outline , Hogan 's story closely resembles that of the stereotypical compulsive gambler .
Before the rise of online poker , however , such a story typically involved a man in his 30's or 40's and took a decade or more to run its course .
Greg Hogan , on the other hand , went from class president to bank robber in 16 months .
His fall took place not at the blackjack table or the track but within the familiar privacy of his computer screen , where he was seldom more than a minute away from his next hand of poker .
He 'd been brought up too well to waste himself in some smoky gambling den and knew too much to play a mere game of chance .
He wanted to compete against his peers , to see his superior abilities yield dollars for the first time , a transaction he equated with adulthood .
His stubborn faith in his own ability — a trait that had served him so well through his first 19 years — proved to be his undoing .
Today 's ruined gamblers are often too young to know any better — too young , in fact , to legally gamble in most U.S. casinos .
Until now , these young addicts were ignored by the news media , which swooned over the top of the poker pyramid , the Chris Moneymakers and the ESPN heroes , the guys in the wraparound sunglasses and the cowboy hats who made the hustler 's art seem somehow noble and athletic .
No one was interested in whose losses keep the poker economy humming , not until a Baptist minister 's son robbed a bank .
A minister 's eldest boy learns to perform early in life .
On Sundays , Greg 's mother , Karen , would dress him and his two brothers in matching slacks and blazers and take them and their sister to hear Greg Sr. preach .
The congregation looked on as the boys followed Greg Jr. 's polite , attentive example .
Schooled at home through eighth grade , the straw - haired , blue - eyed boy emulated his father 's steady gaze , the soft but firm quality in his voice .
He saw that others would come to rely on him if he revealed only his strongest side .
When Greg Sr. ran for City Council , Greg Jr. enlisted his playmates to help him campaign door to door .
Neighbors began calling Greg " the General . "
When it came to music , Greg was like a boat on a still pond — one small push from his parents and he'd glide on toward the goal .
Karen , a psychiatric nurse , started him on the piano at 5 .
Greg Sr. worked a second job to help pay for $ 50 - an - hour private music lessons for his daughter and three boys .
By 13 , Greg had twice played onstage at Carnegie Hall .
Music won him a scholarship to the prestigious University School , a day school outside Cleveland , where his classmates noticed his oddly mature ways and dubbed him " the 30 - year - old man . "
By graduation , he 'd developed something of an ego .
" Greg will always be a people person , " wrote his adviser in an evaluation letter .
" Perhaps he should set his sights a little lower and just become president of the United States . "
For college , he chose Lehigh , a school of 6,600 overlooking Bethlehem , Pa. , across the river from Allentown , the crumbling county seat , which has pinned its hopes of revival on a new slots casino set to open by 2008 .
Lehigh 's campus is laid out like a Swiss ski village .
Long , winding roads curve up past the library and the chapel to the giant Greek houses , the centers of the campus 's social life .
Scattered among them are parking lots filled with Nissans , Infinitis and a smattering of Audis , BMW 's and Hummers .
Text messages fly between cellphones , lighting up with news of which parties are still live and which have been shut down , as many have been since Lehigh was recently named America 's No. 3 party school by The Princeton Review .
Fraternities now post sentries outside their houses on weekend nights , with the threat of a raid generally intensifying the partying within .
Hogan , who had palled around with the sons of bank executives at his high school , threw himself into this new environment .
Even before his father had said goodbye to head back to Ohio , Greg announced his plan to run for class president .
He played his first hands of live hold 'em with real money that night , a way to break the ice with the guys from his hall in the dorm lounge .
A few weeks later , guided by one of his roommate 's friends , Hogan opened his first online - poker account at PokerStars.com .
He chose a screen name that would carry his new school 's banner all around the world : geelehigh .
He 'd met someone from two floors down who had lost $ 100 — a fortune , it seemed — online .
He decided to stick to the play - money tables .
Within 10 minutes , Hogan was playing his first online hands .
At the climax of his book Twilight in the Desert , Houston investment banker and energy guru Matthew Simmons describes a visit to the world 's most powerful oil company , Saudi Aramco , in Dhahran .
Simmons listens in horror as a senior manager reveals the kingdom 's darkest secret .
The old ways no longer suffice .
To keep their aging wells productive , the Saudis now rely upon one information age prop after another : advanced analysis of rock cores , 3 - D seismic imagery , software for diagnosing underground oil flows - all integrated using something called fuzzy logic .
Fuzzy logic ?
The Aramco man tries to explain the science of complex systems and partial information , but Simmons hears only tidings of a bleak future .
Obviously , the end of energy as we know it is nigh .
Well , blow us down - algorithms in the oil patch !
What next ?
Hydrogen - spewing superbugs ?
In a word , yes .
And that 's just the beginning .
Simmons ' techno - cluelessness would be funny - calling Jed Clampett with his 12 - gauge !
- if he were n't the spearhead of a whole hand - wringing school of petro-pessimism .
The oil fields are running dry , the gas gauge is on empty , the American way of life is doomed - these ideas bob like plastic shark fins on the storm surge of current oil prices .
But the history of energy innovation suggests something very different - and a lot less dire .
Yes , a few billion newly motorized citizens of BRIC - that 's economist - speak for Brazil , Russia , India , and China - have turned up unexpectedly at the filling station , pushing prices sharply north .
And yes , the oil world has lately endured more than its usual share of ugly headlines : insurgency in Iraq , unrest in Venezuela , mayhem in the Gulf of Mexico .
And , OK , all those air - conditioned Cadillac Escalades are thirsty beasts .
A million extra barrels a day burned here , a million fewer pumped there , a little geopolitical instability , and suddenly the price of the stuff that makes the wheels go around is flirting with historic peaks .
All of which would be seriously alarming but for one happy fact :
We 've never had more options for keeping those wheels turning .
Aramco 's fuzzy logic is just one of a multitude of new tools and fuels - some proven , some in the works , and some wildly speculative .
The main thing standing between those possibilities and your gas tank is cheap crude oil that costs Aramco barely $ 3 a barrel to bring to the surface .
So rising oil prices are more than just an irritant or even an ominous nick out of the GDP .
They 're an invitation to corn and coal and hydrogen .
For anyone with a fresh idea , expensive oil is as good as a subsidy - with no political strings attached .
Indeed , every extra penny you pay at the pump is an incentive for some aspiring energy mogul to find another fuel .
For the better part of a century , cheap oil has fatally undercut all comers , not to mention smothered high - minded campaigns for conservation , increased efficiency , and energy independence .
But growing demand is outrunning the oil industry 's carefully computed supply curves , bidding up long - term expectations for the price of energy .
The long term may not mean a lot when you 're standing at the pump , but the oil industry lives in a world where big projects take a decade to build and the checks that pay for them have eight or nine zeroes .
Crude hit $ 70 a barrel last August , but oil companies have learned the hard way how quickly prices can crash .
They adjust their expectations accordingly - downward .
For years , the industry 's long - term benchmark was $ 20 a barrel in today 's dollars ; to get a green light , new investments needed to be profitable at that level .
Now the industry is counting on prices to settle near $ 30 .
Some aggressive CEOs believe they 'll stay as high as $ 40 .
The changing outlook opens horizons - for conventional drilling , sure , but also for alternatives .
Some new technologies merely produce more crude .
But others tap energy supplies that have nothing to do with black pools under the Middle East .
Big Oil is already reaping the benefits of innovations developed in the 1990s , when long - term forecasts still pegged oil at $ 20 a barrel .
Take digital oil fields - sensor - laden pumping operations under remote control - and ultradeep offshore platforms that drill beneath miles of water and rock to get at previously inaccessible deposits .
But with the high end of long - term expectations hitting $ 40 , novel energy sources are becoming attractive .
Natural gas that used to be burned as an unwanted oil - field byproduct is being compressed into liquid fuel , and gooey tar sands are being shoveled out of the Canadian countryside to extract the embedded petroleum .
Push the long - term price forecast above $ 40 , and more exotic possibilities come into play .
Remember Jimmy Carter 's synfuel program , which aimed to turn huge US coal reserves into gasoline ?
Three billion dollars in federal research money is now committed to making it happen .
Corn , sugar , and soybean farmers hope rising prices can do what billions in subsidies and tax - funded research could n't : make ethanol and biodiesel cost - effective .
Smarter money is betting that using plant waste will prove more economical .
These technologies join compressed natural gas , already widely used where it 's worth spending extra money for cleaner exhaust .
Sustained crude prices above $ 60 would make feasible technologies that today seem too expensive or entirely speculative .
It 's hard to see demand for oil surviving long at such a cost .
But given a push now , some nascent technologies - hydrogen , most obviously , but also hydrocarbons locked away in methane hydrates - could become viable at the end of a long road .
Technology breakthroughs are the key here :
For instance , Shell has found a better way to extract oil from shale , reviving a long - abandoned resource .
And some seemingly distant options are right under our noses ; consider the plug - in version of the hybrid car .
The cost of developing entirely new energy supplies is daunting , but the money is available - and we 're not talking about the $ 14.5 billion porkfest served up by Washington 's recent energy bill .
The global oil industry will rake in three quarters of a trillion dollars this year .
And when that kind of money is up for grabs , investors are never far away .
But it 's not just energy producers and their shareholders who should be smiling about today 's high prices .
Conservation your thing ?
Savor the long faces worn these days by Hummer salespeople .
Eager for energy independence ?
There wo n't be any wars for oil in Colorado shale country .
Praying for reductions in atmospheric carbon ?
Synthetic diesel made from natural gas would be a step in the right direction .
True , fuzzy logic can't refill spent oil wells .
But neither are digital oil fields and coal - to - liquid processing some last , forlorn rest stop on the highway back to the Stone Age .
It was James Watt 's steam engine that chained sailing ships to their berths - not lack of wind .
Petroleum sent coal and horse power packing , even though mountains of coal waited to be mined and plenty of stallions remained in the barn .
The oil shocks of the ' 70s gave a boost to funny little cars from Japan , and mid-20th - century American industrialism never recovered .
Could a similar fate await Aramco 's finest ?
It 's not written in stone that humanity has to propel itself with petroleum alone .
Happy as the oil kings may be to sell today 's $ 60 barrels , they 're playing with fire .
Simmons himself inadvertently makes that point when he frets that Aramco depends on technologies " unheard of a decade ago . "
That 's the whole point of innovation :
There 's no telling where the next game - changing energy resource will come from .
But motivating tens of thousands of scientists and engineers to look for it increases the odds of finding the path to a happier , maybe even cleaner , planet .
So what 's a price - shocked , carbon - afflicted highway jockey to do ?
Keep driving .
In fact , drive more .
The longer gas stays expensive , the higher the chance we 'll see alternatives .
Put that pedal to the metal .
And smile when you see a big black $ 3 or $ 4 out in front at the gas pump .
Those innovators need all the encouragement they can get .
Shale oil , uranium , sunlight - there 's enough energy out there for a dozen planets .
Where we 'll all park is another matter .
Contributing editor Spencer Reiss ( spencer@upperroad.net ) wrote about solar energy in issue 13.07 .
Now that Jack Abramoff is in jail , Bob Ney has pled guilty and David Safavian has been sentenced , I have been granted permission from the investigator involved for posting this diary and including his name .
One sunny , Mid-Atlantic October afternoon , I came home to find a business card on my door .
It was from a Special Investigator , and it had a note on the back to call another Special Investigator , Jeffrey Reising , along with his phone number .
I did n't think a whole lot of it at first , because at the time I was undergoing an investigation for a Public Trust clearance for my job with a Federal Agency .
I figured at first I 'd just been visited by one of those investigators .
Upon closer examination of the business card , I noticed the investigator was from the General Services Administration ( GSA ) .
That was not who was handling my Public Trust investigation , so that 's when I started to panic a bit .
What the heck does the GSA need to talk to me about ?
Is someone investigating misuse of funds at the agency I worked for ?
Or was it something else ?
Turns out it was something else .
There 's nothing quite like getting email from the FBI containing a post you 'd made here on DailyKos .
Jeffrey A. Reising
to me show details
10/1/05
This email was transmitted via matewan.squarespace.com .
Sender : Jeffrey A. Reising
---------------------------------------------------------------------- waitaminute .... ( none / 1 ) Ney ?
Really ?
Where are you getting this information ?
I had no idea that Ney was involved .
The reason I ask is because I 'm pretty sure that 's the guy my friend works for .
She said Safavian was meeting with Ney just last week to discuss budget issues .
She said Safavian was in charge of budget policy , or something like that .
She told me he had been arrested and I told her I already knew ( because I heard it here on DKos first ! ) .
She also said that the trip in question was supposed to be some sort of charity event , so they all wrote it off on taxes , which meant we , the taxpayers , ended up paying for this trip .
She also said Safavian has kids ( boohoo - - if you 're evil , your family will eventually pay the price ) , and his wife is a lawyer .
Well crapola .
I need to talk to her again .
She said she 's had job offers from lobbyists , etc. , so far since she 's been there ( since January ) , but she 's not taken any bait .
She says the " people in charge " ( Republicans ) on The Hill are so corrupt it makes her sick .
She says they spend taxpayers money like nobody 's business and spend waaaay more money than the Dems did .
But we already knew that .
I 'm supposed to see her on Sunday .
If I do n't get good answers from her before then , I 'll be sure to get the scoop on Sunday and post a diary if the scoop warrants .
***************
I would love to meet your friend .
Thanks ,
Jeff
SA FBI ( emphasis added )
O_o
Gulp .
I made a call to Mr. Reising to discuss this matter .
He told me what the call was about but by that time I 'd figured it out .
Oddly enough , I 'd not checked that email account in a few days so I missed his email until he told me he 'd sent one .
We had a nice conversation about why he contacted me and about my friend who worked on Capitol Hill .
He asked me to forward his info to my friend , which I did , but I explained to him that she did n't work for Ney .
Turns out I had mistaken the name of the Congressman my friend worked for at the time , and I 'd posted a comment to that effect the next day .
However , I did not post that comment attached to the one above , so the FBI thought I knew somebody who knew something .
Here 's the follow - up post they missed :
my friend ( none / 0 ) Does n't work for Ney , as I posted earlier .
She works on the House Small Business Committee with Chairman Donald Manzullo .
So I feel better knowing she 's not tied in any way to Ney .
But I 'm still going to grill her today for any info she can give me on these guys or this story .
I remember hearing of a White House meeting she and another friend attended in 2000 .
They were talking about how the Republicans were whining about Dems spending ( and wasting ) so much money .
Yeah , right .
by rioduran on Sun Sep 25th , 2005 at 04:45:29 EDT
So I gave him the missing info about her working for Manzullo on Small Business and that 's who Safavian had met with , but she 'd said it was after Katrina so they were discussing ways to help small business in New Orleans .
He asked if I 'd like to know how he found me and I said yes .
He Googled me .
Of course .
I thanked him for his work and apologized for talking out of my ass in that post .
He asked me to not post the experience because he did n't want word to get out that we were being watched and did n't want anything interfering with the investigation .
I confess I posted a cryptic diary late that night and a few people figured out what was going on , so I deleted the diary only a couple of hours after posting it .
Mr. Reising will be getting a link to this diary so please be nice in the comments .
Feel free to thank him for his hard work in taking down Abramoff and company .
/dev/input/mice
$ cat / dev/input / mice
In some cases , running the above command will scramble your terminal display .
If that happens , you can get back your terminal by typing reset
Standard input - 0 Standard output - 1 , and Error - 2
cat
Redirecting output to other files
>
<
Output Redirection
ls
$ ls -l myfile.txt > test.txt
test.txt
ls -l
$ rm myfile.txt $ ls -l myfile.txt > test.txt ls : myfile.txt :
No such file or directory -- ERROR
ls
$ ls - l myfile.txt 2 > test.txt
By typing 2 > , you are telling the program to redirect any error ( 2 ) to the file test .
txt .
Two open terminals can be used to practice output redirection
Examples of Redirection
find : / file / path : Permission denied
# find / - iname \* 2 > /dev/null
/ dev/null
/ dev/null is a special kind of file in that its size is always zero .
Anything you write to that file will just disappear .
The opposite of this file is / dev / zero which acts as an infinite source .
You can use / dev/ zero to create a file of any size - when creating a swap file for instance .
/ dev/lp0
$ cat testfile .
txt > /dev/lp0
Input Redirection
<
$ mail ravi < mail_contents.txt
$ wc < my_text_file.txt > output_file.txt
my_text_file.txt
wc
output_file.txt
>>
$ cat - >> test.txt
Linux follows the philosophy that every thing is a file .
A keyboard , monitor , mouse , printer ... are all files in Linux .
Linux identifies each of the hardware with unique file descriptors that are associated with it .
Now this nomenclature has got its own advantages .
The main one being you can use many command line tools to send , receive or manipulate data with these devices .
For example , my mouse has the file descriptorassociated with it ( yours may be different ) .
So if I want to see the output of the mouse on my screen , I just enter the command :... and then move the mouse to get characters on the terminal .
Try it for yourselves .
All programs in Linux have access to 3 special files .
They are - Where the numbers 0 , 1 , and 2 denote file descriptors .
In the previous example , the toolused standard output which by default is the screen or the console to display the output .
You can easily redirect input / output to any file other than the screen .
This is achieved in Linux using input and output redirection symbols .
These symbols are as follows :- Output redirection - Input redirectionUsing a combination of these symbols and the standard file descriptors you can achieve complex redirection tasks quite easily .
Suppose , I want to redirect the output ofto a text file instead of the console .
I can use the output redirection symbol and do it as shown below .
The above command will redirect the output to the file -.
If the file ' test. txt ' does not exist , then it is automatically created and the output of the commandis written to it .
This is assuming that there is a file called myfile .
txt existing in my current directory .
Now lets see what happens when we execute the same command after deleting the file myfile .
txt .
What happens is thatdoes not find the file named myfile.
txt and displays an error on the console or terminal .
Now here is the fun part .
You can also redirect the error generated above to another file instead of displaying on the console by using a combination of error file descriptor and output file redirection symbol as follows : I can give one practical purpose for this error redirection which I use on a regular basis .
When I am searching for a file in the whole hard disk as a normal user , I get a lot of errors such as :
In such situations I use the error redirection to weed out these error messages as follows :
Now all the error messages are redirected todevice .
Thus I can reduce a lot of clutter in my terminal .
If you have a line printerconnected to your Linux machine , you can send any output to the printer using output redirection .
For example , printing the contents of a text file ( testfile.txt ) is simple .
You use input redirection using the less - than symbol ( ) and it is usually used with a program which accepts user input from the keyboard .
A legendary use of input redirection that I have come across is mailing the contents of a text file to another user .
Now with the advances in GUI , and also availability of good email clients , this method is seldom used .
Here is another example of input redirection ... Suppose you want to find the exact number of lines , number of words and characters respectively in a text file and you want to simultaneously write it to another file .
You can do it using a combination of input and output redirection symbols as follows :
What happens above is the contents of the fileare passed to the commandwhose output is in turn redirected to the fileAppending data to a file
You can also use thesymbol instead of output redirection to append data to a file .
For example , ... will append what ever you write to the file test.
txt .
Hope you liked this short tutorial on input output redirection in Linux .
It seems that every other celebrity has embraced the whole belt - cinched - at - the - waist trend over the last month or so .
Paris Hilton has been snapped all over the world in outfits that have been cinched at the waist as she has been out and about promoting her new album .
Victoria Beckham has been seen wearing the new cult item of the season , the Fendi B belt .
Keira keeps it low key with the classic leather belts .
Whether you prefer a patent leather belt , a wide studded leather belt or even a pretty piece of ribbon , belt down your loose and pretty dresses for that hourglass look .
The great thing about this trend is that you can brighten up your outfit by simply adding a coloured belt – yellow , red , blue … it ’s up to you .
Check out the new 8 Hot Belts piece on SB.com for more belts …
Poll : Dems gain big lead
WASHINGTON  A Capitol Hill sex scandal has reinforced public doubts about Republican leadership and pushed Democrats to a huge lead in the race for control of Congress four weeks before Election Day , the latest USA TODAY / Gallup Poll shows .
Democrats had a 23 - point lead over Republicans in every group of people questioned — likely voters , registered voters and adults — on which party 's House candidate would get their vote .
That 's double the lead Republicans had a month before they seized control of Congress in 1994 and the Democrats ' largest advantage among registered voters since 1978 .
Nearly three in 10 registered voters said their representative does n't deserve re-election — the highest level since 1994 .
President Bush 's approval rating was 37 % in the new poll , down from 44 % in a Sept. 15 - 17 poll .
And for the first time since the question was asked in 2002 , Democrats did better than Republicans on who would best handle terrorism , 46 % - 41 % .
" It 's hard to see how the climate is going to shift dramatically between now and Election Day , " said John Pitney , a former GOP aide on Capitol Hill who now teaches at Claremont - McKenna College in California .
He said Iraq remains the biggest problem for Republicans : " People just do n't like inconclusive wars . "
The plummeting GOP ratings in the poll of 1,007 adults , taken Friday through Sunday , come amid a series of events that have given Democrats ammunition to argue that the country needs a new direction .
Those include increased violence in Iraq ; a National Intelligence Estimate that belied upbeat administration talk on Iraq ; a new Bob Woodward book about internal White House discord about Iraq , and the Sept. 29 resignation of GOP Rep.
Mark Foley .
He quit hours after ABC News showed him sexually explicit instant messages he allegedly exchanged with a teenage former page .
Some Democrats call the scandal a tipping point .
" It 's the absolute crystallization for people of everything they dislike about Washington and congressional Republicans , " Democratic strategist Anita Dunn said .
GOP pollster Ed Goeas said Republican fortunes are better in individual districts than nationally .
Republicans remain energized and loyal , he said , but added he 's monitoring whether the Foley matter fires up independents who normally do n't vote .
" Does this become a catalyst for their involvement ? " he asked .
Two - thirds of those in the poll said they are following the page scandal very or somewhat closely .
More than half — 54 % — said GOP leaders who knew about Foley 's actions for months or years did not act against Foley earlier " for political reasons . "
By 43%-36 % , they said House Speaker Dennis Hastert should resign .
Government corruption , Iraq and terrorism were the three most important issues .
Along with their lead on terrorism , Democrats had a 21 - point advantage on corruption and a 17 - point advantage on Iraq .
A 56%- 40 % majority said sending troops to Iraq was a mistake — the widest disapproval margin in a year .
Three other polls released Monday , by CNN , ABC News / Washington Post and CBS News / New York Times , showed Democrats leading the congressional ballot by 13 to 21 points .
Push 3.0 Programming Language Description
Lee Spector , Chris Perry , Jon Klein , and Maarten Keijzer
School of Cognitive Science
Hampshire College
November , 2003 - September , 2004 ( See the document version history at the end of this document .
This document is a successor to the Push 2.0 Programming Language Description , from which it borrows large chunks of text . )
Contents
Overview
Push Concepts
Simple Examples
Configuration
Random Code Generation
Implementation Notes
Push3 vs. Push2
Push2 vs. Push1
Under Discussion
Type / Instruction Catalog
Acknowledgments
Document Version History
Overview
Push is a programming language intended primarily for use in evolutionary computation systems ( such as genetic programming systems ) , as the language in which evolving programs are expressed .
Push has an unusually simple syntax , which facilitates the development ( or evolution ) of mutation and recombination operators that generate and manipulate programs .
Despite this simple syntax , Push provides more expressive power than most other program representations that are used for program evolution .
Push programs can process multiple data types ( without the syntax restrictions that usually accompany this capability ) , and they can express and make use of arbitrary control structures ( e.g. recursive subroutines and macros ) through the explicit manipulation of their own code ( via a " CODE " data type ) .
This allows Push to support the automatic evolution of modular program architectures in a particularly simple way , even when it is employed in an otherwise ordinary genetic programming system ( such as PushGP , which is a " generic " GP system except that it evolves Push programs rather than Lisp - style program trees ) .
Push can also support entirely new evolutionary computation paradigms such as " autoconstructive evolution , " in which genetic operators and other components of the evolutionary system themselves evolve ( as in the Pushpop and SwarmEvolve2 systems ) .
This document describes version 3.0 of the Push programming language ( a.k.a " Push3 " ) , which shares general features with the first and second versions of Push ( a.k.a " Push1 " and " Push2 " ) although several details have changed with each new version .
Although it is based on Push1 , a good introduction to the basic principles of Push and its use for evolutionary computation is :
Spector , L. , and A. Robinson .
2002 .
Genetic Programming and Autoconstructive Evolution with the Push Programming Language .
In Genetic Programming and Evolvable Machines , Vol. 3 , No. 1 , pp. 7 -40 . ( http://hampshire.edu/lspector/pubs/push-gpem-final.pdf, pdf 216KB )
A more recent discussion , based on Push2 , is in :
Spector , L. 2004 .
Automatic Quantum Computer Programming : A Genetic Programming Approach .
Boston , MA : Kluwer Academic Publishers .
( Note that the chapters on Push can be read independently of the chapters on quantum computing .
More information on the book is available from http://hampshire.edu/lspector/aqcp/.)
The present document is a self - contained specification for Push3 that also briefly describes differences between Push1 , Push2 , and Push3 .
That is , one should be able to use Push3 or even to re-implement Push3 using this document alone .
But it does not address the motivations behind the design -- it does not discuss why one might want to use Push in the first place .
For such discussions please consult the references cited above , and / or the additional publications listed at http://hampshire.edu/lspector/push.html.
Freely available Push implementations are listed at http://hampshire.edu/lspector/push.html.
A mailing list for Push - related discussions can be accessed via http://lists.hampshire.edu/mailman/listinfo/push.
Push Concepts
Push achieves its combination of syntactic simplicity and semantic power through the use of a stack - based execution architecture that includes a stack for each data type .
A CODE data type , with its own stack and an associated set of code - manipulation instructions , provides many of the more interesting features of the language .
Push instructions , like instructions in all stack - based languages , take any arguments that they require and leave any results that they produce on data stacks .
To provide for " stack safe " execution of arbitrary code Push adopts the convention , used widely in stack - based genetic programming , that instructions requiring arguments that are not available ( because the relevant stacks are empty ) become NOOPs ; that is , they do nothing .
Because Push 's stacks are typed , instructions will always receive arguments and produce results of the appropriate types ( if they do anything at all ) , regardless of the contexts in which they occur .
The syntax of Push is simply this :
program ::= instruction | literal | ( program * )
In other words :
an instruction is a Push program
a literal is a Push program
a parenthesized sequence of zero or more Push programs is a Push program
Some implementations may require spaces around parentheses .
Parenthesized sequences are also referred to as " lists , " and Push programs can in fact be treated as list data structures .
Literals are constants such as " 3 " ( an integer constant ) and " 3.14 " ( a floating point number constant ) and " TRUE " ( a Boolean constant ) .
Instruction names are not case sensitive and they can include the " . " character .
Instruction names generally start with the name of the type that they primarily manipulate , followed by a " . " ; for example , INTEGER .+ is the instruction for adding two integers , and BOOLEAN.DUP is the instruction for duplicating the value on the top of the Boolean stack .
In some cases , when an instruction interacts with data of multiple types , it is not obvious to which type the instruction " belongs " ; in these cases the instruction prefix is usually taken from the type of the primary result of the instruction ( if any ) .
Execution of a Push program involves the recursive application of the following procedure :
To execute program P :
If P is a single instruction then execute it .
Else if P is a literal then push it onto the appropriate stack .
Else ( P must be a list ) sequentially execute each of the
Push programs in P .
The recursive executions implied in the final line of this procedure can be implemented in at least two ways .
The simplest technique , which was used in versions of Push prior to Push3 , is to rely on the support for recursion in the language within which Push is implemented ; that is , one simply writes the procedure as specified , with a sequence of recursive calls on the final line .
One of the primary innovations in Push3 is to manage the recursion in Push itself , using a new EXEC ( execution ) stack ( this idea was developed by Maarten Keijzer ) .
In Push3 the procedure above is recast as follows :
To execute program P :
Push P onto the EXEC stack
LOOP until the EXEC stack is empty :
If the first item on the EXEC stack is a single instruction
then pop it and execute it .
Else if the first item on the EXEC stack is a literal
then pop it and push it onto the appropriate stack .
Else ( the first item must be a list ) pop it and push all of the
items that it contains back onto the EXEC stack individually ,
in reverse order ( so that the item that was first in the list
ends up on top ) .
In a sense this is merely an alternative implementation , with no semantic significance ; it produces the same results as the simpler recursive implementation UNLESS we do new things to take advantage of the EXEC stack .
One new capability provided by the EXEC stack results from the fact that the complete state of the Push interpreter now resides in the stack contents and the values of a few global variables ( which store interpreter parameter and name bindings -- see below ) .
This means that it becomes trivial to make a Push interpreter " reentrant " in the sense that it can be suspended and re-started at any time during a computation .
This can be useful , for example , when a Push interpreter is embedded in an environment in which other processes ( perhaps including other Push interpreters ) must also be given CPU time .
Such a capability could also be provided in other ways -- for example by dedicating a separate operating system process to each Push interpreter -- but the EXEC stack mechanism makes this easier and more efficient .
Other new capabilities provided by the EXEC stack result from explicit manipulation of the code that it contains .
This allows for particularly efficient implementation of certain control structures including combinators .
A simple example of this new functionality is given in the Simple Examples section below .
A top - level call to the Push interpreter may be provided with a second program , called the " configuration code , " that can be used to preload values onto stacks and to set interpreter parameter values .
In addition , the main program passed to the top - level call will itself normally be pushed onto the CODE stack before execution ; this convention simplifies the expression of some recursive programs ( see below for an example ) .
If this behavior is not desired then one can turn it off by setting the TOP - LEVEL - PUSH - CODE parameter to FALSE .
The standard NAME data type provides for symbolic names that can be bound to values ( thereby acting as variables and defined instructions ) using DEFINE instructions .
Any identifiers that do not represent known Push instructions or literals of other type ( e.g. TRUE and FALSE ) are recognized as NAMEs .
If a name has not previously been given a value then it is pushed onto the NAME stack when it is encountered .
A subsequent call to a DEFINE instruction ( such as INTEGER.DEFINE or CODE.DEFINE ) will bind the name on top of the NAME stack to the top value of the designated stack .
From that point forward the name will act as an instruction which , when executed , will push the bound value onto the EXEC stack .
For most types this will result in the value ending up , after the next execution cycle , back on the stack from which it originally came ( since the execution of a literal just pushes it onto the appropriate stack ) .
If the bound value is code , however , this will result in the bound value being EXECUTED -- so the name will act as a newly defined instruction .
A NAME .QUOTE instruction is provided to move names that already have definitions back onto the NAME stack , presumably for the sake of re-definition .
When NAME .
QUOTE is executed a flag is set that causes the next encountered name to be pushed onto the NAME stack , whether or not it has previously been bound ( and the flag is then cleared , whether or not the name was previously bound ) .
The CODE .
QUOTE instruction is similar in some respects ; it causes the next encountered piece of code , whatever it is , to be pushed onto the CODE stack rather than being executed .
This is useful for moving code onto the CODE stack for manipulation and / or execution by other instructions .
CODE .QUOTE can be implemented with a flag , similarly to NAME .
QUOTE , but the existence of the EXEC stack permits a simpler implementation : simply move the top item of the EXEC stack to the CODE stack .
Push includes a full suite of list - manipulation instructions that can be used to modify code in arbitrary ways , along with execution instructions ( such as CODE .DO and CODE .
DO * TIMES ) that can be used to execute the modified code .
A Push interpreter contains a random code generator that can be used to produce random programs or program fragments ; the algorithm for this is provided in the Random Code Generation section below .
The random code generator can be called from outside the interpreter ( e.g. to create or mutate programs in a genetic programming system ) or from a standard CODE .
RAND instruction ( which is analogous to RAND instructions available for other types ) .
An " ephemeral random constant " mechanism allows randomly - generated code to include newly - generated literals of various types .
Execution safety is an essential feature of Push , in the sense that any syntactically correct program should execute without crashing or signaling an interrupt to the calling program .
This is because Push is intended for use in evolutionary computing systems , which often require that bizarre programs ( for example those that result from random mutations ) be interpreted without interrupting the evolutionary process .
The " stack safety " convention described above ( that is , the convention that any instruction that finds insufficient arguments on the stacks acts as a NOOP ) is one component of this feature .
In addition , all instructions are written in ways that are internally safe ; they have well defined behavior for all predictable inputs , and they typically NOOP in predictable " exceptional " situations ( like division by zero ) .
Additional safety concerns derive from the availability of explicit code manipulation and recursive execution instructions , which can in some cases produce exponential code growth or non-terminating programs .
In response to these concerns a Push interpreter must enforce two limits :
EVALPUSH -LIMIT :
This is the maximum allowed number of " executions " in a single top - level call to the interpreter .
The execution of a single Push instruction counts as one execution , as does the processing of a single literal , as does the descent into one layer of parentheses ( that is , the processing of the " ( " counts as one execution ) .
When this limit is exceeded the interpreter aborts immediately , leaving its stacks in the states they were in prior to the abort ( so they may still be examined by a calling program ) .
Whether or not this counts as an " abnormal " termination is up to the calling program .
MAX - POINTS-IN - PROGRAM :
This is the maximum size of an item on the CODE stack , expressed as a number of points .
A point is an instruction , a literal , or a pair of parentheses .
Any instruction that would cause this limit to be exceeded should instead act as a NOOP , leaving all stacks in the states that they were in before the execution of the instruction .
The convention regarding the order of arguments for instructions that are normally rendered as infix operators is that the argument on the top of the stack is treated as the right - hand argument and the argument second - from the top is treated as the left - hand argument .
This means that the linear representation of an expression containing one of these instructions looks like the normal infix expression , except that the instruction is moved to the end .
For example , we divide 3.14 by 1.23 using " ( 3.14 1.23 FLOAT ./ ) " and we subtract 2 from 23 using " ( 23 2 - ) " .
While Push 's stacks are generally treated as genuine stacks --- that is , instructions take their arguments from the tops of the stacks and push their results onto the tops of the stacks --- a few instructions ( like YANK and SHOVE ) do allow direct access to " deep " stack elements by means of integer indices .
To this extent the stacks can be used as general , random access memory structures .
This is one of the features that ensures the Turing - completeness of Push ( another being the arbitrary name / value bindings supported by the NAME data type and DEFINE methods ; see below ) .
Simple Examples
This section contains just a few simple examples , to give the reader a feel for the language and to demonstrate some of its unique features .
First , some simple arithmetic and logic :
( 2 3 INTEGER .* 4.1 5.2 FLOAT .+ TRUE FALSE BOOLEAN.OR )
Execution of this code leaves the relevant stacks in the following states :
BOOLEAN STACK : ( TRUE )
CODE STACK : ( ( 2 3 INTEGER .* 4.1 5.2 FLOAT .+ TRUE FALSE BOOLEAN.OR ) )
FLOAT STACK : ( 9.3 )
INTEGER STACK : ( 6 )
Next , some more " scrambled - looking " arithmetic :
( 5 1.23 INTEGER .+ ( 4 ) INTEGER .- 5.67 FLOAT .* )
Execution of this code leaves the relevant stacks in the following states :
CODE STACK : ( ( 5 1.23 INTEGER .+ ( 4 ) INTEGER .- 5.67 FLOAT .* ) )
FLOAT STACK : ( 6.9741 )
INTEGER STACK : ( 1 )
A few points to note about this example :
Operations on integers and on floating point numbers can be interleaved ; all instructions take their arguments from the appropriate stacks and push their results onto the appropriate stacks .
The call to INTEGER .+ does nothing because there are not two integers on the INTEGER stack when it is executed .
The call to INTEGER .- subtracts 4 ( which is on top of the stack ) from 5 ( which is second on the stack ) , not the other way around .
The parentheses in " ( 4 ) " have no effect on the results ; parentheses serve mainly to group pieces of code for handling by code- manipulation instructions .
Here is a tiny program that adds an integer pre-loaded onto the stack to itself :
( INTEGER.DUP INTEGER .+ )
When run with 5 pre-loaded onto the INTEGER stack , for example , this leaves 10 on top of the stack .
The following does the same thing in a slightly more complicated way , pushing code onto the CODE stack and then executing it :
( CODE .
QUOTE ( INTEGER.DUP INTEGER .+ ) CODE.DO )
This can be converted into a new " DOUBLE " instruction as follows :
( DOUBLE CODE .
QUOTE ( INTEGER.DUP INTEGER .+ ) CODE .DEFINE )
or equivalently :
( CODE .
QUOTE ( INTEGER.DUP INTEGER .+ ) DOUBLE CODE.DEFINE )
Or even more concisely , using the EXEC stack ( more explanation of which is provided below ) , as :
( DOUBLE EXEC .
DEFINE ( INTEGER.DUP INTEGER .+ ) )
After executing any of these definitions the name DOUBLE will act as an instruction that doubles the number on top of the INTEGER stack .
The following more complicated example computes the factorial of an integer pre-loaded onto the INTEGER stack .
This example makes use of the fact that top - level calls to the interpreter normally push the executed code onto the CODE stack before execution :
( CODE .
QUOTE ( INTEGER .POP 1 )
CODE .
QUOTE ( CODE.DUP INTEGER.DUP 1 INTEGER .- CODE.DO INTEGER .* )
INTEGER.DUP 2 INTEGER .< CODE.IF )
This works by first pushing two pieces of code ( for the base case and recursive case of the recursive factorial algorithm , respectively ) onto the CODE stack ; these are pushed on top of the code for the full program , which is pre-loaded onto the CODE stack by the top - level call to the interpreter .
The subsequent code compares the provided integer with 2 and , depending on the result of this , executes one of the pushed pieces of code ( and discards the other ; see the documentation for CODE.IF in the Type / Instruction Catalog below for details ) .
In the base case this will produce an answer of 1 , while in the recursive case it will recursively compute the factorial of one less than the provided number , and multiply that result by the provided number .
When called with 5 pre-loaded on the INTEGER stack this leaves the relevant stacks in the following states :
CODE STACK : (( CODE .
QUOTE ( INTEGER .POP 1 )
CODE .
QUOTE ( CODE.DUP INTEGER.DUP 1 INTEGER .- CODE.DO INTEGER .* )
INTEGER.DUP 2 INTEGER .< CODE.IF ) )
BOOLEAN STACK : ( )
INTEGER STACK : ( 120 )
This example is interesting because it demonstrates the use of the code stack for recursion , but there are much simpler ways to calculate the factorial function in Push .
For example the following code uses an iteration instruction to compute the factorial of a number pre-loaded onto the INTEGER stack :
( 1 INTEGER .MAX CODE .
QUOTE INTEGER .* 1 CODE.DO * RANGE )
The initial " 1 INTEGER.MAX " is necessary only for the special case of an input of zero .
And an even more parsimonious factorial function can be written using an iteration instruction that operates on the EXEC stack :
( 1 INTEGER .MAX 1 EXEC.DO *RANGE INTEGER .* )
Instructions that manipulate the EXEC stack appear to take their arguments " from the right , " rather than from the left as all other Push instructions .
This is because execution procedure pushes all of the items in a list onto the EXEC stack before executing any of them , and because the items to the right will be further down in the stack .
So given a program like :
( A B C )
C will be on top of the EXEC stack when B is being executed .
So if B accesses the EXEC stack it will see C , even though C is to its right .
While this may at first be confusing , it allows EXEC instructions to manipulate code without quotation , producing particularly concise code .
For example , consider the following program , which is intended to be executed with at least two integers on the INTEGER stack and at least two floating point numbers on the FLOAT stack :
( INTEGER .= CODE .QUOTE FLOAT .* CODE .QUOTE FLOAT ./ CODE.IF )
The CODE .IF instruction takes two items off of the CODE stack and executes one or the other of them depending on what 's on top of the BOOLEAN stack .
In this case it will execute FLOAT .* , multiplying the top two floating point numbers , if the top two integers were equal , and it will execute FLOAT ./ , dividing the top two floating point numbers , otherwise .
With EXEC.IF , which works analogously but using the EXEC stack rather than the CODE stack , this can be expressed more concisely as :
( INTEGER .= EXEC.IF FLOAT .* FLOAT ./)
The EXEC stack also permits the concise expression of recursive control structures by means of " combinators . "
For example , the " Y " combinator , implemented in Push as EXEC.Y , inserts , beneath the top item of the EXEC stack , a second copy of that top item wrapped in another call to EXEC.Y .
The resulting recursive calling sequence might later be terminated with the EXEC .
K combinator or with EXEC .
POP or EXEC .
FLUSH .
Consider the following implementation of a " while " loop :
( EXEC.Y ( < BODY / CONDITION > EXEC.IF ( ) EXEC.POP ) )
Execution of EXEC.Y inserts a copy of the entire expression ( including EXEC.Y ) beneath the remainder of the expression on the EXEC stack .
The < BODY / CONDITION > code is then executed .
If this leaves TRUE on top of the BOOLEAN stack then EXEC .IF leaves the following empty list on top of the EXEC stack and discards the call to EXEC .
POP .
After the execution of the empty list ( which has no effect ) the full original expression will again rise to the top of the EXEC stack , starting the next recursive call .
If , on the other hand , the execution of the < BODY / CONDITION > leaves FALSE on top of the BOOLEAN stack , then EXEC.IF will discard the following empty list and instead execute the EXEC .
POP .
The call to EXEC.
POP will remove the recursive call and thereby terminate the recursion .
As a concrete example , consider :
( ARG FLOAT .DEFINE
EXEC.Y
( ARG FLOAT .*
1 INTEGER .-
INTEGER.DUP 0 INTEGER .>
EXEC.IF ( ) EXEC.POP ) )
Define name ARG to store the top float .
Recursively execute the following expression .
Push ARG and multiply it by previous top float ( if any )
Subtract 1 from the top integer ( which acts as a counter )
Is the top integer greater than zero ?
If so then recurse ; otherwise terminate .
When run with an integer I pre-loaded on the INTEGER stack and floating point number F pre-loaded on the FLOAT stack , this will compute F raised to the I power .
Many other control structures can be implemented with combinators and other EXEC instructions , and the control structures can be added to the language as instructions using CODE .
DEFINE and related instructions .
The user is warned , however , that the use of arbitrary stack - manipulation instructions ( such as ROT , YANK , and SHOVE ) on the EXEC stack can create " execution spaghetti " -- that is , execution sequences that are very difficult to understand , and possibly difficult to edit / mutate without unexpected consequences .
These instructions are provided for the EXEC type , as for all other types , but it might be prudent to use them sparingly .
Manipulation of code on the CODE stack may also produce code that is difficult to understand , but at least it does so prior to , rather than during , its own execution .
Whether evolution will make good use of EXEC stack manipulations is an open question .
Configuration
A Push interpreter is configured by setting the values of interpreter parameters , including lists of the types and instructions that can appear in randomly generated code .
This information can be specified either in a configuration file , the format of which is specified below , or in code that is passed to the interpreter as " configuration code . "
Configuration files may not be supported by all implementations , as the configuration code mechanism is functionally equivalent but simpler to implement .
A Push3 configuration file is a plain text file .
Any line beginning with " # " is a comment and is ignored .
Actual configuration lines come in three forms :
< parameter name > < value >
type < type name >
instruction < instruction name >
A parameter - setting line lists an implemented parameter ( see below ) and a value for that parameter .
A type line consists of the word " type " followed by the name of an implemented type , and it has the effect of making the named type available in the interpreter ; one effect of this is that the ephemeral random constant generator of the given type will be " turned on , " allowing for constants of the type to be included in randomly - generated code .
An instruction line consists of the word " instruction " followed by the name of an instruction ; the effect of such a line is to allow the named instruction to appear in randomly - generated code .
Ideally an implementation should warn the user if the configuration " turns on " instructions that access stacks of " turned off " types , or if there are other apparent inconsistencies in the configuration .
But it is not necessary that implementations do this , and there is no standardized set of inconsistencies that must be reported .
The following is a fragment of a valid configuration file :
## PARAMETER SETTINGS
MAX - RANDOM-FLOAT 1.0
MIN - RANDOM-FLOAT -1.0
MAX - RANDOM-INTEGER
10
MIN - RANDOM-INTEGER -10
EVALPUSH-LIMIT
1000
NEW-ERC-NAME -PROBABILITY 0.001
MAX - POINTS-IN -RANDOM-EXPRESSIONS
25
MAX - POINTS-IN - PROGRAM
100
## TYPES
type FLOAT
type NAME
type CODE
type BOOLEAN
type INTEGER
## INSTRUCTIONS
instruction INTEGER .FROMBOOLEAN
instruction INTEGER .FROMFLOAT
instruction INTEGER .>
instruction INTEGER .<
A Push implementation that supports configuration files should also provide a way to generate a complete configuration file , containing type and instruction lines for all implemented types and instructions .
A reasonable way to configure such a Push interpreter is to start with such a complete configuration file and to comment out lines to turn off types and instructions .
Note , however , that many instructions may depend on multiple types ; for example , many code- manipulation and stack - manipulation instructions use integer indices and therefore require the INTEGER type , many comparison instructions require the BOOLEAN type for depositing their results , and all DEFINE instructions require the NAME type .
Ideally , implementations should provide warnings when such dependencies are not satisfied by a configuration , but they need not do so ; the person specifying the configuration should be sufficiently familiar with the instruction set to ensure that necessary types are " turned on . "
The following parameters should be supported in configuration files :
MIN - RANDOM-INTEGER :
The minimum INTEGER that will be produced as an ephemeral random INTEGER constant or from a call to INTEGER .
RAND .
MAX - RANDOM-INTEGER :
The maximum INTEGER that will be produced as an ephemeral random INTEGER constant or from a call to INTEGER .
RAND .
MIN - RANDOM -FLOAT :
The minimum FLOAT that will be produced as an ephemeral random FLOAT constant or from a call to FLOAT .
RAND .
MAX - RANDOM -FLOAT :
The maximum FLOAT that will be produced as an ephemeral random FLOAT constant or from a call to FLOAT .
RAND .
MAX - POINTS-IN -RANDOM-EXPRESSIONS :
The maximum number of points in an expression produced by the CODE .
RAND instruction .
MAX - POINTS-IN - PROGRAM :
The maximum number of points that can occur in any program on the CODE stack .
Instructions that would violate this limit act as NOOPs ( they do nothing ) .
EVALPUSH-LIMIT :
The maximum number of points that will be executed in a single top - level call to the interpreter .
NEW-ERC-NAME -PROBABILITY :
The probability that the selection of the ephemeral
random NAME constant for inclusion in randomly generated code will produce a new name ( rather than a name that was previously generated ) .
random NAME constant for inclusion in randomly generated code will produce a new name ( rather than a name that was previously generated ) .
RANDOM - SEED : A seed for the random number generator ; 0 <= RANDOM - SEED <= 30081 .
TOP - LEVEL -PUSH-CODE :
When TRUE ( which is the default ) , code passed to the top level of the interpreter will be pushed onto the CODE stack prior to execution .
TOP - LEVEL-POP -CODE :
When TRUE , the CODE stack will be popped at the end of top level calls to the interpreter .
The default is FALSE .
The alternative mechanism for interpreter configuration is to pass " configuration code " as a second argument to the top level call to the interpreter .
This code is simply Push code which may contain , among other things , calls to parameter - setting instructions .
All of the parameters listed above have corresponding parameter - setting Push instructions , which are named with an " ENV . " prefix .
So , for example , the MIN - RANDOM - INTEGER parameter can be set to 100 using configuration code that includes " 100 ENV. MIN - RANDOM-INTEGER " .
The " ENV " prefix here stands for " Environment , " and it is inspired by a set of possible extensions , still under discussion , in which there would be a full - fledged environment type and an environment stack .
The inclusion of parameter - setting instructions in randomly generated code is possible but probably not advisable .
The lists of " turned on " types and instructions are specified in configuration code using the ENV .
TYPES and ENV.
INSTRUCTIONS instructions , each of which takes an argument , which should be a list , from the CODE stack .
The following is an example piece of configuration code :
( 150 ENV.EVALPUSH-LIMIT
100.0 ENV.MAX - RANDOM-FLOAT
PI 3.141592 FLOAT.DEFINE
CODE .QUOTE ( FLOAT ./ FLOAT .* FLOAT .- FLOAT .+ ) ENV.INSTRUCTIONS
CODE .QUOTE ( FLOAT ) ENV .
TYPES )
This configuration code sets values for two parameters ( EVALPUSH - LIMIT and MAX - RANDOM - FLOAT ) , leaving all other parameters at their default values ( some of which may be implementation specific ) .
It then defines an instruction called PI that will push 3.141592 .
The final two lines specify the instructions and types that can appear in random code ; the specification here is for a minimal floating - point - only arithmetic configuration .
Random Code Generation
Several algorithms for the generation of random code have been described in the genetic programming literature .
Code generation is less complicated for Push programs than it is for Lisp - style code trees , since in Push one does n't have to worry about function " arity " or about function vs. argument positions when generating code .
So it is easier , for example , to generate programs with predictable size and shape distributions .
The following is the standard Push random code generation algorithm , which is used for the CODE .
RAND instruction .
It may also be useful for the initialization of programs in evolutionary computation systems , and it is used for this purpose in PushGP .
It produces a uniform distribution of sizes and what seems to be a reasonable distribution of shapes , in a reasonable amount of time .
Note that the instruction set referred to in RANDOM - CODE - WITH - SIZE should include any NAMEs that have been bound with a DEFINE instruction .
Function RANDOM-CODE ( input : MAX - POINTS )
Set ACTUAL - POINTS to a number between 1 and MAX - POINTS ,
chosen randomly with a uniform distribution .
Return the result of RANDOM - CODE - WITH - SIZE called with input
ACTUAL -POINTS .
End
Function RANDOM-CODE -WITH-SIZE
( input : POINTS )
If POINTS is 1 then choose a random element of the instruction
set .
If this is an ephemeral random constant then return a
randomly - chosen value of the appropriate type ; otherwise
return the chosen element .
Otherwise set SIZES - THIS - LEVEL to the result of DECOMPOSE
called with both inputs ( POINTS - 1 ) .
Return a list
containing the results , in random order , of
RANDOM -CODE -WITH -SIZE
called with all inputs in
SIZES -THIS -LEVEL .
End
Function DECOMPOSE ( inputs : NUMBER , MAX - PARTS )
If NUMBER is 1 or MAX - PARTS is 1 then return a list
containing NUMBER
Otherwise set THIS - PART to be a random number between 1 and
( NUMBER - 1 ) .
Return a list containing THIS - PART and
all of the items in the result of DECOMPOSE with inputs
( NUMBER - THIS - PART ) and ( MAX - PARTS - 1 )
End
Implementation Notes
This section describes a few of the features of some current implementations and their interfaces .
They can also be interpreted as suggestions for anyone building their own Push implementations .
These are not features of the language per se , but they may help one to ensure that two implementations are consistent with one another .
Implementation - SPECIFIC installation and usage notes should accompany each implementation .
Test suite scheme : A more - or - less standardized " test suite " scheme is intended to help ensure that a Push implementation behaves like other implementations .
The scheme is to process three files ( a configuration file , a file containing a list of literals for initializing the stacks , and a file containing a program ) and to produce an output file that contains a list of literals which , if read back in to the interpreter ( that is , if " executed " as a program ) , would re-create the stacks as they were at the end of the computation .
The values in the output file are listed type by type , following the order in which types are declared in the configuration file .
Each implementation should also provide some mechanism for comparing its output files with those of other implementations ( for example by reading the files and comparing stack states , or by comparing the files in a way that disregards insignificant white space ) .
For systems that use configuration code , rather than configuration files , this scheme would have to be altered somewhat .
Templates :
It often makes sense to create slightly different versions of the same basic instruction for multiple types .
For example , many of the standard stack - manipulation instructions ( e.g. DUP , POP , etc. ) make sense for all types ( and depending on the way that the interpreter is written it may be possible to use identical method implementations for all of them ) .
In Push1 an instruction overloading mechanism , using a TYPE type in the language itself , allowed one to exploit these commonalities ( and also affected the semantics of the language in complex ways ) .
In Push2 and Push3 the TYPE type was dropped and all instruction names refer to single methods ; instruction names often include type names but this is just a convention .
To recapture the software engineering benefits of the overloading mechanism ( e.g. code reuse ) an implementation should provide a template mechanism for type and instruction definitions .
Libraries :
The configuration mechanism is intended to simplify the integration of new types / instructions into an interpreter .
Any implementation of the language should provide a clear API for including libraries of types / instructions and for building / loading configuration files and / or configuration code .
Client - provided instructions with call - backs : Push interpreters are often imbedded within " client " programs that invoke interpreters on various inputs and do various things with the outputs .
The integration of the interpreter into the client environment should be as tight as possible .
Minimally , the client should be able to process a configuration file and / or configuration code , push / pop onto / from stacks , and invoke the interpreter on a piece of code .
Ideally , the client should also be able to install new instructions that interact both with the client 's environment and the interpreter state .
For example , we use our C++ interpreter as a plug - in to the BREVE simulation environment ( http://www.spiderland.org/breve), and we provide a way for the BREVE user to write instructions in BREVE 's scripting language ( which may , among other things , manipulate the interpreter 's stacks ) and add them to an embedded interpreter .
Push3 vs. Push2
Push3 differs from Push2 mainly in the following ways :
" Big picture " changes :
EXEC stack :
The recursion implicit in the execution procedure is now handled explicitly within Push , using an EXEC type / stack and the procedure outlined in the Push Concepts section of this document .
This has two significant impacts :
It simplifies the construction of a " reentrant " Push interpreter that can be suspended and resumed at any point in a computation .
It supports new control structures that are more concise than those that rely on the CODE stack .
See in particular the definitions of EXEC.IF , EXEC .
DO *RANGE , EXEC .
DO *TIMES , and EXEC .
DO *COUNT in the Type / Instruction Catalog below .
It also supports " combinators " that simplify the construction of certain recursive control structures ( see EXEC. K , EXEC.S , and EXEC.Y ) .
The recursion implicit in the execution procedure is now handled explicitly within Push , using an EXEC type / stack and the procedure outlined in the Push Concepts section of this document .
This has two significant impacts : New NAME definition scheme :
In previous versions of Push symbolic names were always treated as literals that were pushed onto the NAME stack when they were encountered .
Later calls to SET and GET instructions could then be used to store / retrieve values associated with the names .
In Push3 names that already have definitions are treated as instructions rather than as literals -- that is , their values are placed on the EXEC stack when they are encountered ( except in the context of NAME .
QUOTE , which causes the next encountered name to be treated as a literal regardless of whether or not it has a definition ) .
This eliminates the need for GET instructions entirely ( SET is retained but given the more descriptive name DEFINE ) , and it also eliminates the need for calling DO or a similar instruction in order to treat a NAME bound to CODE as a defined instruction .
Names bound with CODE .
DEFINE and EXEC.
DEFINE now act as true defined instructions or subroutines , invoked simply by including their names in code .
The table below demonstrates the possibilities for a simple instruction that multiplies an integer by 2 .
Note that invocation of the instruction is always more parsimonious in Push3 ( requiring one rather than three items ) , and that instruction definition can also be more parsimonious , requiring as little as two items in addition to the body of the definition .
There is , however , one case in which it is less parsimonious , when the NAME has a prior binding and the body is specified on the CODE stack .
A side effect of these changes is that NAMEs can no longer have multiple bindings , one per type , as was the case in Push2 .
A new instruction called CODE .
DEFINITION allows one to retrieve the definition of a name on the NAME stack , pushing the definition code onto the CODE stack .
A named " TIMES2 " instruction in Push2 vs. Push3 .
Push2 Push3 Definition TIMES2
CODE .QUOTE ( 2 INTEGER .* )
CODE.SET
If TIMES2 is known to have no prior binding : TIMES2
CODE .QUOTE ( 2 INTEGER .* )
CODE.DEFINE or TIMES2
EXEC.DEFINE ( 2 INTEGER .* )
If TIMES2 may have a prior binding : NAME .
QUOTE TIMES2
CODE .QUOTE ( 2 INTEGER .* )
CODE.DEFINE or NAME .
QUOTE TIMES2
EXEC.DEFINE ( 2 INTEGER .* )
Invocation TIMES2 CODE.GET CODE.DO TIMES2
In previous versions of Push symbolic names were always treated as literals that were pushed onto the NAME stack when they were encountered .
Later calls to SET and GET instructions could then be used to store / retrieve values associated with the names .
In Push3 names that already have definitions are treated as instructions rather than as literals -- that is , their values are placed on the EXEC stack when they are encountered ( except in the context of NAME .
QUOTE , which causes the next encountered name to be treated as a literal regardless of whether or not it has a definition ) .
This eliminates the need for GET instructions entirely ( SET is retained but given the more descriptive name DEFINE ) , and it also eliminates the need for calling DO or a similar instruction in order to treat a NAME bound to CODE as a defined instruction .
Names bound with CODE .
DEFINE and EXEC.
DEFINE now act as true defined instructions or subroutines , invoked simply by including their names in code .
The table below demonstrates the possibilities for a simple instruction that multiplies an integer by 2 .
Note that invocation of the instruction is always more parsimonious in Push3 ( requiring one rather than three items ) , and that instruction definition can also be more parsimonious , requiring as little as two items in addition to the body of the definition .
There is , however , one case in which it is less parsimonious , when the NAME has a prior binding and the body is specified on the CODE stack .
A side effect of these changes is that NAMEs can no longer have multiple bindings , one per type , as was the case in Push2 .
A new instruction called CODE .
DEFINITION allows one to retrieve the definition of a name on the NAME stack , pushing the definition code onto the CODE stack .
Configuration code :
As described in the Configuration section of this document , one can configure a Push3 interpreter by passing " configuration code " to a top - level call to the interpreter , rather than by parsing a configuration file .
This simplifies the implementation of an interpreter and may also support new applications involving computed configurations .
Additional changes :
The " constants " mechanism in Push2 , which allowed the creation of constant - pushing instructions in a configuration file , has been superceded by the new NAME definition scheme , which can do the same things ( and more ) more easily .
Everything related to the constant mechanism has been removed ( including the SETCONSTANT external call ) .
A new CODE .
DO *RANGE instruction has been added to facilitate the implementation of CODE .
DO *TIMES and CODE .
DO *COUNT in the context of the new EXEC stack .
These instructions are now implemented as " macros " that expand into calls to CODE .
DO *RANGE .
This preserves the semantics of the original instructions except that calls will now contribute more " points " to the " evalpush count , " and may therefore cause one to reach the EVALPUSH - LIMIT slightly earlier .
An analogous specification has been provided for EXEC.DO * instructions .
Defined instructions ( produced with < type >.DEFINE ) can now appear in random code , with the same probability as built - in instructions .
This is accomplished by specifying that the " instruction set " in the random code generation algorithm includes any defined instructions .
Two new parameters have been added : TOP - LEVEL - PUSH-CODE and TOP - LEVEL-POP-CODE .
These determine how top - level calls to the interpreter deal with the code stack before and after execution .
CODE.RAND 's treatment of its argument has been changed .
It now uses the minimum of the absolute value of the top integer and * max - points - in - random - expressions * as the size of the generated code .
Previously it used the MOD of these numbers , which produced strange results .
ROT instructions were added for all types . " < type > .ROT " is equivalent to " 2 < type > . YANK " .
The name comes from FORTH , which includes a similar instruction .
FLUSH instructions were added for all types . " < type > . FLUSH " empties the stack of the specified type .
Note that EXEC .
FLUSH is a " halt " instruction , as it empties the execution stack .
The name for FLUSH was also borrowed from FORTH .
Push2 vs. Push1
Push2 differs from Push1 mainly in the following ways :
Changes to the language per se :
The instruction overloading scheme in Push1 was dropped .
It was deemed to be overly complex and unnecessary .
The " TYPE " data type , which was used primarily to support instruction overloading , was dropped .
Conversions between data types , which were previously handled by a CONVERT instruction in conjunction with the TYPE type , are now handled by conversion instructions for each appropriate type / type pair .
Type names are now integrated into instruction identifiers ( like " INTEGER.POP " ) rather than occurring as type literals .
A few artifacts of the Lisp derivation of Push1 have been dropped ; for example the Boolean literals are now TRUE and FALSE , rather than T and NIL .
A few names have been changed for clarity or consistency ( e.g. PULL was replaced with YANK to better reflect that it is the inverse of the SHOVE , which we did n't want to name PUSH as that might imply pushing onto the top of the stack ) .
Refinements to our implementations and their interfaces :
Template - like mechanisms simplify the implementation of instructions for multiple data types ( now that there is no overloading ) .
A configuration file system was developed to simplify the specification of a particular set of types / instructions / parameters for a particular run .
This system is intended to support libraries of types and instructions , and to work for all Push2 implementations ( including our current Lisp and C++ implementations ) .
A test file system was also added to help ensure that the various implementations behave in the same ways .
Under Discussion
Following are a couple of items that are currently under discussion for possible inclusion in future versions of Push :
Standardized entries in the type / instruction catalog for other types that we commonly use ( point / vector , child , unitary Matrix , etc. ) .
Various ideas for dynamic generation of new types from Push code .
EXEC .YIELD : To implement co-routines , a YIELD instruction can be defined which , when encountered on the execution stack , will immediately break out of the interpreter .
Execution could be resumed at any point in time .
( Suggested by Maarten Keijzer . )
Local arguments and binding spaces , possibly implemented by treating environments as first class objects ( with a stack , etc. ) ( Suggested by Maarten Keijzer . )
Exceptions as first class entities ( with their own stack , etc. ) , allowing for the explicit handling of stack underflows , divisions by zero , etc. ( Suggested by Maarten Keijzer . )
Environments ( containing stack states , variable binding states , perhaps more ) as first class entities , along with associated instructions that allow for the execution of code within specified environments .
This might allow for the " safe " execution of arbitrary code fragments ( which would be executed in a fresh environment and would not be able to affect the environment of the remainder of the code ) .
Ideas for this range from minimal extensions ( e.g. " DO& " which executes in a fresh environment , plus a mechanism to get the results back to the calling environment ) to a full - fledged ENVIRONMENT type with a stack , etc. ( Suggested by Maarten Keijzer . )
Perhaps reintroduce the generic REP for all types , which was REPlace second by first -- i.e. delete second .
Then EXEC.K is just EXEC.REP .
In FORTH this is called NIP .
Another name might be SUBPOP .
Other standard FORTH instructions should also be considered ( e.g. OVER ) .
Rejected alternative names for recent versions of Push :
push -- ( " push minus minus " , on account of the removal of OOP - like features )
p ( streamlined push ... " programming with p " sounds pretty funny ! )
shove ( push with more oomph )
TAP ( Type Ascribed Push , " what 's on tap ? " )
Qush ( incrementing the first letter )
plush
pints ( Push , No Type Stack )
Push 2 : With A Vengeance
Push II : The Empire Strikes Back
A few more from Maarten Keijzer : Push .
DUP ( two pushes , does not necessarily mean an improvement ) Push .
INC ( not in the standard function set , and afaik push is n't incorporated ) Push .
PUSH ( maybe push needs to be pushed a bit more , but one can overdo it )
Pushkin : Push 's next of kin ( thanks to Christophe Mckeon )
Type / Instruction Catalog
The following are descriptions of " standard " types and instructions , in the sense that any Push3 implementation that provides these types / instructions should implement them in ways that conform to these descriptions .
However , some implementations may not implement all of these types or instructions , and some implementations may implement more ; use your implementation 's configuration mechanism ( described briefly above ) to configure your implementation appropriately .
Unless otherwise noted all instructions POP all arguments that they consult .
For example , the description of INTEGER .= states that it " Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the top two INTEGERs are equal , or FALSE otherwise . "
In this case two items ( the two that are compared ) are popped from the INTEGER stack by the INTEGER .= instruction .
In addition , unless otherwise noted all results are pushed after the arguments are popped .
So for example BOOLEAN .= pushes the result of the comparison onto the BOOLEAN stack after popping the two values to be compared from the BOOLEAN stack .
If any needed argument is not available then the instruction acts as a NOOP ; that is , it does nothing , and leaves all stacks in the states that they were in prior to the call .
Indexing into stacks , e.g. for SHOVE , YANK , and YANKDUP instructions , is zero - based ; that is , the top of the stack has index 0 .
Negative indices into stacks are interpreted as 0 ( the stack top ) , and indices that exceed the stack depth are interpreted as the highest meaningful value ( e.g. the stack bottom for YANK , or one beyond the stack bottom for SHOVE ) .
Type BOOLEAN Description
For use in comparisons , logic , etc. Literals are TRUE and FALSE .
Required for use of various comparison operators ( e.g. INTEGER .= ) and CODE.IF .
Instructions BOOLEAN .= : Pushes TRUE if the top two BOOLEANs are equal , or FALSE otherwise .
BOOLEAN.AND : Pushes the logical AND of the top two BOOLEANs .
BOOLEAN.DEFINE : Defines the name on top of the NAME stack as an instruction that will push the top item of the BOOLEAN stack onto the EXEC stack .
BOOLEAN.DUP : Duplicates the top item on the BOOLEAN stack .
Does not pop its argument ( which , if it did , would negate the effect of the duplication ! ) .
BOOLEAN .FLUSH : Empties the BOOLEAN stack .
BOOLEAN .FROMFLOAT : Pushes FALSE if the top FLOAT is 0.0 , or TRUE otherwise .
BOOLEAN .FROMINTEGER : Pushes FALSE if the top INTEGER is 0 , or TRUE otherwise .
BOOLEAN.NOT : Pushes the logical NOT of the top BOOLEAN .
BOOLEAN.OR : Pushes the logical OR of the top two BOOLEANs .
BOOLEAN .POP : Pops the BOOLEAN stack .
BOOLEAN.RAND : Pushes a random BOOLEAN .
BOOLEAN.ROT : Rotates the top three items on the BOOLEAN stack , pulling the third item out and pushing it on top .
This is equivalent to " 2 BOOLEAN.YANK " .
BOOLEAN.SHOVE : Inserts the top BOOLEAN " deep " in the stack , at the position indexed by the top INTEGER .
BOOLEAN.STACKDEPTH : Pushes the stack depth onto the INTEGER stack .
BOOLEAN.SWAP : Swaps the top two BOOLEANs .
BOOLEAN .YANK : Removes an indexed item from " deep " in the stack and pushes it on top of the stack .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
BOOLEAN .YANKDUP : Pushes a copy of an indexed item " deep " in the stack onto the top of the stack , without removing the deep item .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
Type CODE Description
For explicit code manipulation and execution .
May also be used as a general list data type .
This type must always be present , as the top level interpreter will push any code to be executed on the CODE stack prior to execution .
However , one may turn off all CODE instructions if code manipulation is not needed .
Instructions CODE .= : Pushes TRUE if the top two pieces of CODE are equal , or FALSE otherwise .
CODE .APPEND : Pushes the result of appending the top two pieces of code .
If one of the pieces of code is a single instruction or literal ( that is , something not surrounded by parentheses ) then it is surrounded by parentheses first .
CODE .ATOM : Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the top piece of code is a single instruction or a literal , and FALSE otherwise ( that is , if it is something surrounded by parentheses ) .
CODE .CAR : Pushes the first item of the list on top of the CODE stack .
For example , if the top piece of code is " ( A B ) " then this pushes " A " ( after popping the argument ) .
If the code on top of the stack is not a list then this has no effect .
The name derives from the similar Lisp function ; a more generic name would be " FIRST " .
CODE .CDR : Pushes a version of the list from the top of the CODE stack without its first element .
For example , if the top piece of code is " ( A B ) " then this pushes " ( B ) " ( after popping the argument ) .
If the code on top of the stack is not a list then this pushes the empty list ( " ( ) " ) .
The name derives from the similar Lisp function ; a more generic name would be " REST " .
its first element .
For example , if the top piece of code is " ( A B ) " then this pushes " ( B ) " ( after popping the argument ) .
If the code on top of the stack is not a list then this pushes the empty list ( " ( ) " ) .
The name derives from the similar Lisp function ; a more generic name would be " REST " .
CODE .CONS : Pushes the result of " consing " ( in the Lisp sense ) the second stack item onto the first stack item ( which is coerced to a list if necessary ) .
For example , if the top piece of code is " ( A B ) " and the second piece of code is " X " then this pushes " ( X A B ) " ( after popping the argument ) .
CODE .CONTAINER : Pushes the " container " of the second CODE stack item within the first CODE stack item onto the CODE stack .
If second item contains the first anywhere ( i.e. in any nested list ) then the container is the smallest sub - list that contains but is not equal to the first instance .
For example , if the top piece of code is " ( B ( C ( A ) ) ( D ( A ) ) ) " and the second piece of code is " ( A ) " then this pushes ( C ( A ) ) .
Pushes an empty list if there is no such container .
CODE .CONTAINS : Pushes TRUE on the BOOLEAN stack if the second CODE stack item contains the first CODE stack item anywhere ( e.g. in a sub- list ) .
CODE .DEFINE : Defines the name on top of the NAME stack as an instruction that will push the top item of the CODE stack onto the EXEC stack .
CODE .DEFINITION : Pushes the definition associated with the top NAME on the NAME stack ( if any ) onto the CODE stack .
This extracts the definition for inspection / manipulation , rather than for immediate execution ( although it may then be executed with a call to CODE .
DO or a similar instruction ) .
CODE.DISCREPANCY : Pushes a measure of the discrepancy between the top two CODE stack items onto the INTEGER stack .
This will be zero if the top two items are equivalent , and will be higher the ' more different ' the items are from one another .
The calculation is as follows :
1. Construct a list of all of the unique items in both of the lists ( where uniqueness is determined by equalp ) .
Sub-lists and atoms all count as items .
2. Initialize the result to zero .
3 . For each unique item increment the result by the difference between the number of occurrences of the item in the two pieces of code .
4 . Push the result .
1. Construct a list of all of the unique items in both of the lists ( where uniqueness is determined by equalp ) .
Sub-lists and atoms all count as items .
2 . Initialize the result to zero .
3 . For each unique item increment the result by the difference between the number of occurrences of the item in the two pieces of code .
4 . Push the result .
CODE .DO : Recursively invokes the interpreter on the program on top of the CODE stack .
After evaluation the CODE stack is popped ; normally this pops the program that was just executed , but if the expression itself manipulates the stack then this final pop may end up popping something else .
CODE.DO * : Like CODE .DO but pops the stack before , rather than after , the recursive execution .
CODE.DO *COUNT : An iteration instruction that performs a loop ( the body of which is taken from the CODE stack ) the number of times indicated by the INTEGER argument , pushing an index ( which runs from zero to one less than the number of iterations ) onto the INTEGER stack prior to each execution of the loop body .
This should be implemented as a macro that expands into a call to CODE .
DO *RANGE .
CODE .DO *COUNT takes a single INTEGER argument ( the number of times that the loop will be executed ) and a single CODE argument ( the body of the loop ) .
If the provided INTEGER argument is negative or zero then this becomes a NOOP .
Otherwise it expands into : ( 0 <1 - IntegerArg > CODE .QUOTE < CodeArg > CODE.DO *RANGE )
CODE.DO *RANGE :
An iteration instruction that executes the top item on the CODE stack a number of times that depends on the top two integers , while also pushing the loop counter onto the INTEGER stack for possible access during the execution of the body of the loop .
The top integer is the " destination index " and the second integer is the " current index . "
First the code and the integer arguments are saved locally and popped .
Then the integers are compared .
If the integers are equal then the current index is pushed onto the INTEGER stack and the code ( which is the " body " of the loop ) is pushed onto the EXEC stack for subsequent execution .
If the integers are not equal then the current index will still be pushed onto the INTEGER stack but two items will be pushed onto the EXEC stack -- first a recursive call to CODE .
DO*RANGE ( with the same code and destination index , but with a current index that has been either incremented or decremented by 1 to be closer to the destination index ) and then the body code .
Note that the range is inclusive of both endpoints ; a call with integer arguments 3 and 5 will cause its body to be executed 3 times , with the loop counter having the values 3 , 4 , and 5 .
Note also that one can specify a loop that " counts down " by providing a destination index that is less than the specified current index .
CODE.DO *TIMES : Like CODE .DO *COUNT but does not push the loop counter .
This should be implemented as a macro that expands into CODE .
DO *RANGE , similarly to the implementation of CODE .
DO *COUNT , except that a call to INTEGER .
POP should be tacked on to the front of the loop body code in the call to CODE .
DO *RANGE .
This call to INTEGER .
POP will remove the loop counter , which will have been pushed by CODE .
DO *RANGE , prior to the execution of the loop body .
CODE.DUP : Duplicates the top item on the CODE stack .
Does not pop its argument ( which , if it did , would negate the effect of the duplication ! ) .
CODE.EXTRACT : Pushes the sub-expression of the top item of the CODE stack that is indexed by the top item of the INTEGER stack .
The indexing here counts " points , " where each parenthesized expression and each literal / instruction is considered a point , and it proceeds in depth first order .
The entire piece of code is at index 0 ; if it is a list then the first item in the list is at index 1 , etc .
The integer used as the index is taken modulo the number of points in the overall expression ( and its absolute value is taken in case it is negative ) to ensure that it is within the meaningful range .
CODE .
FLUSH : Empties the CODE stack .
CODE .
FROMBOOLEAN : Pops the BOOLEAN stack and pushes the popped item ( TRUE or FALSE ) onto the CODE stack .
CODE .
FROMFLOAT : Pops the FLOAT stack and pushes the popped item onto the CODE stack .
CODE .
FROMINTEGER : Pops the INTEGER stack and pushes the popped integer onto the CODE stack .
CODE .
FROMNAME : Pops the NAME stack and pushes the popped item onto the CODE stack .
CODE.IF : If the top item of the BOOLEAN stack is TRUE this recursively executes the second item of the CODE stack ; otherwise it recursively executes the first item of the CODE stack .
Either way both elements of the CODE stack ( and the BOOLEAN value upon which the decision was made ) are popped .
CODE .INSERT : Pushes the result of inserting the second item of the CODE stack into the first item , at the position indexed by the top item of the INTEGER stack ( and replacing whatever was there formerly ) .
The indexing is computed as in CODE .
EXTRACT .
CODE.INSTRUCTIONS : Pushes a list of all active instructions in the interpreter 's current configuration .
CODE .LENGTH : Pushes the length of the top item on the CODE stack onto the INTEGER stack .
If the top item is not a list then this pushes a 1 .
If the top item is a list then this pushes the number of items in the top level of the list ; that is , nested lists contribute only 1 to this count , no matter what they contain .
a list then this pushes the number of items in the of the list ; that is , nested lists contribute only 1 to this count , no matter what they contain .
CODE .LIST : Pushes a list of the top two items of the CODE stack onto the CODE stack .
CODE .MEMBER : Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the second item of the CODE stack is a member of the first item ( which is coerced to a list if necessary ) .
Pushes FALSE onto the BOOLEAN stack otherwise .
CODE .NOOP : Does nothing .
CODE .NTH : Pushes the nth element of the expression on top of the CODE stack ( which is coerced to a list first if necessary ) .
If the expression is an empty list then the result is an empty list .
N is taken from the INTEGER stack and is taken modulo the length of the expression into which it is indexing .
CODE .NTHCDR : Pushes the nth " CDR " ( in the Lisp sense ) of the expression on top of the CODE stack ( which is coerced to a list first if necessary ) .
If the expression is an empty list then the result is an empty list .
N is taken from the INTEGER stack and is taken modulo the length of the expression into which it is indexing .
A " CDR " of a list is the list without its first element .
CODE .NULL : Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the top item of the CODE stack is an empty list , or FALSE otherwise .
CODE .POP : Pops the CODE stack .
CODE .
POSITION : Pushes onto the INTEGER stack the position of the second item on the CODE stack within the first item ( which is coerced to a list if necessary ) .
Pushes - 1 if no
match is found .
match is found .
CODE .QUOTE : Specifies that the next expression submitted for execution will instead be pushed literally onto the CODE stack .
This can be implemented by moving the top item on the EXEC stack onto the CODE stack .
CODE .RAND : Pushes a newly - generated random program onto the CODE stack .
The limit for the size of the expression is taken from the INTEGER stack ; to ensure that it is in the appropriate range this is taken modulo the value of the MAX - POINTS - IN - RANDOM - EXPRESSIONS parameter and the absolute value of the result is used .
CODE.ROT : Rotates the top three items on the CODE stack , pulling the third item out and pushing it on top .
This is equivalent to " 2 CODE .
YANK " .
CODE .SHOVE : Inserts the top piece of CODE " deep " in the stack , at the position indexed by the top INTEGER .
CODE .SIZE : Pushes the number of " points " in the top piece of CODE onto the INTEGER stack .
Each instruction , literal , and pair of parentheses counts as a point .
CODE .STACKDEPTH : Pushes the stack depth onto the INTEGER stack .
CODE .SUBST : Pushes the result of substituting the third item on the code stack for the second item in the first item .
As of this writing this is implemented only in the Lisp implementation , within which it relies on the Lisp " subst " function .
As such , there are several problematic possibilities ; for example " dotted - lists " can result in certain cases with empty - list arguments .
If any of these problematic possibilities occurs the stack is left unchanged .
CODE .SWAP : Swaps the top two pieces of CODE .
CODE .YANK : Removes an indexed item from " deep " in the stack and pushes it on top of the stack .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
CODE .YANKDUP : Pushes a copy of an indexed item " deep " in the stack onto the top of the stack , without removing the deep item .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
Type EXEC Description Code queued for execution .
The EXEC stack maintains the execution state of the Push interpreter .
Instructions that specifically manipulate the EXEC stack can be used to implement various kinds of control structures .
The CODE stack can also be used in this way , but manipulations to the EXEC stack are " live " in the sense that they are manipulating the actual execution state of the interpreter , not just code that might later be executed .
Instructions EXEC .= : Pushes TRUE if the top two items on the EXEC stack are equal , or FALSE otherwise .
EXEC.DEFINE : Defines the name on top of the NAME stack as an instruction that will push the top item of the EXEC stack back onto the EXEC stack .
EXEC.DO *COUNT : An iteration instruction that performs a loop ( the body of which is taken from the EXEC stack ) the number of times indicated by the INTEGER argument , pushing an index ( which runs from zero to one less than the number of iterations ) onto the INTEGER stack prior to each execution of the loop body .
This is similar to CODE .
DO *COUNT except that it takes its code argument from the EXEC stack .
This should be implemented as a macro that expands into a call to EXEC .
DO *RANGE .
EXEC.DO *COUNT takes a single INTEGER argument ( the number of times that the loop will be executed ) and a single EXEC argument ( the body of the loop ) .
If the provided INTEGER argument is negative or zero then this becomes a NOOP .
Otherwise it expands into : ( 0 <1 - IntegerArg > EXEC.DO * RANGE < ExecArg > )
EXEC.DO *RANGE : An iteration instruction that executes the top item on the EXEC stack a number of times that depends on the top two integers , while also pushing the loop counter onto the INTEGER stack for possible access during the execution of the body of the loop .
This is similar to CODE .
DO *COUNT except that it takes its code argument from the EXEC stack .
The top integer is the " destination index " and the second integer is the " current index . "
First the code and the integer arguments are saved locally and popped .
Then the integers are compared .
If the integers are equal then the current index is pushed onto the INTEGER stack and the code ( which is the " body " of the loop ) is pushed onto the EXEC stack for subsequent execution .
If the integers are not equal then the current index will still be pushed onto the INTEGER stack but two items will be pushed onto the EXEC stack -- first a recursive call to EXEC .
DO*RANGE ( with the same code and destination index , but with a current index that has been either incremented or decremented by 1 to be closer to the destination index ) and then the body code .
Note that the range is inclusive of both endpoints ; a call with integer arguments 3 and 5 will cause its body to be executed 3 times , with the loop counter having the values 3 , 4 , and 5 .
Note also that one can specify a loop that " counts down " by providing a destination index that is less than the specified current index .
EXEC.DO *TIMES : Like EXEC.DO *COUNT but does not push the loop counter .
This should be implemented as a macro that expands into EXEC .
DO *RANGE , similarly to the implementation of EXEC .
DO *COUNT , except that a call to INTEGER .
POP should be tacked on to the front of the loop body code in the call to EXEC .
DO *RANGE .
This call to INTEGER .
POP will remove the loop counter , which will have been pushed by EXEC .
DO *RANGE , prior to the execution of the loop body .
EXEC.DUP : Duplicates the top item on the EXEC stack .
Does not pop its argument ( which , if it did , would negate the effect of the duplication ! ) .
This may be thought of as a " DO TWICE " instruction .
EXEC .
FLUSH : Empties the EXEC stack .
This may be thought of as a " HALT " instruction .
EXEC.IF : If the top item of the BOOLEAN stack is TRUE then this removes the second item on the EXEC stack , leaving the first item to be executed .
If it is false then it removes the first item , leaving the second to be executed .
This is similar to CODE .IF except that it operates on the EXEC stack .
This acts as a NOOP unless there are at least two items on the EXEC stack and one item on the BOOLEAN stack .
EXEC.K : The Push implementation of the " K combinator " .
Removes the second item on the EXEC stack .
EXEC .POP : Pops the EXEC stack .
This may be thought of as a " DONT " instruction .
EXEC.ROT : Rotates the top three items on the EXEC stack , pulling the third item out and pushing it on top .
This is equivalent to " 2 EXEC . YANK " .
EXEC.S : The Push implementation of the " S combinator " .
Pops 3 items from the EXEC stack , which we will call A , B , and C ( with A being the first one popped ) .
Then pushes a list containing B and C back onto the EXEC stack , followed by another instance of C , followed by another instance of A .
EXEC .SHOVE : Inserts the top EXEC item " deep " in the stack , at the position indexed by the top INTEGER .
This may be thought of as a " DO LATER " instruction .
EXEC .STACKDEPTH : Pushes the stack depth onto the INTEGER stack .
EXEC .SWAP : Swaps the top two items on the EXEC stack .
EXEC.Y : The Push implementation of the " Y combinator " .
Inserts beneath the top item of the EXEC stack a new item of the form " ( EXEC.Y < TopItem > ) " .
EXEC .YANK : Removes an indexed item from " deep " in the stack and pushes it on top of the stack .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
This may be thought of as a " DO SOONER " instruction .
EXEC .
YANKDUP : Pushes a copy of an indexed item " deep " in the stack onto the top of the stack , without removing the deep item .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
Type FLOAT Description Floating - point numbers ( that is , numbers with decimal points ) .
Instructions FLOAT . % : Pushes the second stack item modulo the top stack item .
If the top item is zero this acts as a NOOP .
The modulus is computed as the remainder of the quotient , where the quotient has first been truncated toward negative infinity .
( This is taken from the definition for the generic MOD function in Common Lisp , which is described for example at http://www.lispworks.com/reference/HyperSpec/Body/f_mod_r.htm.)
FLOAT .*:
Pushes the product of the top two items .
FLOAT .+:
Pushes the sum of the top two items .
FLOAT .-:
Pushes the difference of the top two items ; that is , the second item minus the top item .
FLOAT ./:
Pushes the quotient of the top two items ; that is , the second item divided by the top item .
If the top item is zero this acts as a NOOP .
FLOAT .<: Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the second item is less than the top item , or FALSE otherwise .
FLOAT .= : Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the top two items are equal , or FALSE otherwise .
FLOAT .>:
Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the second item is greater than the top item , or FALSE otherwise .
FLOAT.COS : Pushes the cosine of the top item .
FLOAT .DEFINE : Defines the name on top of the NAME stack as an instruction that will push the top item of the FLOAT stack onto the EXEC stack .
FLOAT.DUP : Duplicates the top item on the FLOAT stack .
Does not pop its argument ( which , if it did , would negate the effect of the duplication ! ) .
FLOAT .FLUSH : Empties the FLOAT stack .
FLOAT .FROMBOOLEAN : Pushes 1.0 if the top BOOLEAN is TRUE , or 0.0 if the top BOOLEAN is FALSE .
FLOAT .FROMINTEGER : Pushes a floating point version of the top INTEGER .
FLOAT .MAX : Pushes the maximum of the top two items .
FLOAT .MIN : Pushes the minimum of the top two items .
FLOAT .POP : Pops the FLOAT stack .
FLOAT .RAND : Pushes a newly generated random FLOAT that is greater than or equal to MIN - RANDOM - FLOAT and less than or equal to MAX - RANDOM - FLOAT .
FLOAT.ROT : Rotates the top three items on the FLOAT stack , pulling the third item out and pushing it on top .
This is equivalent to " 2 FLOAT .
YANK " .
FLOAT .SHOVE : Inserts the top FLOAT " deep " in the stack , at the position indexed by the top INTEGER .
FLOAT.SIN : Pushes the sine of the top item .
FLOAT .STACKDEPTH : Pushes the stack depth onto the INTEGER stack .
FLOAT .SWAP : Swaps the top two BOOLEANs .
FLOAT .TAN : Pushes the tangent of the top item .
FLOAT .YANK : Removes an indexed item from " deep " in the stack and pushes it on top of the stack .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
FLOAT .YANKDUP : Pushes a copy of an indexed item " deep " in the stack onto the top of the stack , without removing the deep item .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
Type INTEGER Description Integer numbers ( that is , numbers without decimal points ) .
Instructions INTEGER . % : Pushes the second stack item modulo the top stack item .
If the top item is zero this acts as a NOOP .
The modulus is computed as the remainder of the quotient , where the quotient has first been truncated toward negative infinity .
( This is taken from the definition for the generic MOD function in Common Lisp , which is described for example at http://www.lispworks.com/reference/HyperSpec/Body/f_mod_r.htm.)
INTEGER .*:
Pushes the product of the top two items .
INTEGER .+:
Pushes the sum of the top two items .
INTEGER .-:
Pushes the difference of the top two items ; that is , the second item minus the top item .
INTEGER ./:
Pushes the quotient of the top two items ; that is , the second item divided by the top item .
If the top item is zero this acts as a NOOP .
INTEGER .<: Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the second item is less than the top item , or FALSE otherwise .
INTEGER .= : Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the top two items are equal , or FALSE otherwise .
INTEGER .>:
Pushes TRUE onto the BOOLEAN stack if the second item is greater than the top item , or FALSE otherwise .
INTEGER.DEFINE : Defines the name on top of the NAME stack as an instruction that will push the top item of the INTEGER stack onto the EXEC stack .
INTEGER.DUP : Duplicates the top item on the INTEGER stack .
Does not pop its argument ( which , if it did , would negate the effect of the duplication ! ) .
INTEGER .FLUSH : Empties the INTEGER stack .
INTEGER .FROMBOOLEAN : Pushes 1 if the top BOOLEAN is TRUE , or 0 if the top BOOLEAN is FALSE .
INTEGER .FROMFLOAT : Pushes the result of truncating the top FLOAT .
INTEGER .MAX : Pushes the maximum of the top two items .
INTEGER .MIN : Pushes the minimum of the top two items .
INTEGER .POP : Pops the INTEGER stack .
INTEGER .RAND : Pushes a newly generated random INTEGER that is greater than or equal to MIN - RANDOM - INTEGER and less than or equal to MAX - RANDOM - INTEGER .
INTEGER.ROT : Rotates the top three items on the INTEGER stack , pulling the third item out and pushing it on top .
This is equivalent to " 2 INTEGER .YANK " .
INTEGER .SHOVE : Inserts the second INTEGER " deep " in the stack , at the position indexed by the top INTEGER .
The index position is calculated after the index is removed .
INTEGER .STACKDEPTH : Pushes the stack depth onto the INTEGER stack ( thereby increasing it ! ) .
INTEGER .SWAP : Swaps the top two INTEGERs .
INTEGER .YANK : Removes an indexed item from " deep " in the stack and pushes it on top of the stack .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack , and the indexing is done after the index is removed .
INTEGER .YANKDUP : Pushes a copy of an indexed item " deep " in the stack onto the top of the stack , without removing the deep item .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack , and the indexing is done after the index is removed .
Type NAME Description
For creating bindings between symbolic identifiers and values of various types ; that is , for implementing ( global ) variables and defined instructions .
Bindings are created with DEFINE instructions .
Any identifier that is not a known Push instruction or a known literal of any other type is considered a NAME and will be pushed onto the NAME stack when encountered , unless it has a definition ( in which case its associated value will be pushed on the EXEC stack when it is encountered .
The NAME .
QUOTE instruction can be used to get a name that already has a definition onto the NAME stack .
Instructions NAME .= : Pushes TRUE if the top two NAMEs are equal , or FALSE otherwise .
NAME.DUP : Duplicates the top item on the NAME stack .
Does not pop its argument ( which , if it did , would negate the effect of the duplication ! ) .
NAME .FLUSH : Empties the NAME stack .
NAME .POP : Pops the NAME stack .
NAME .QUOTE : Sets a flag indicating that the next name encountered will be pushed onto the NAME stack ( and not have its associated value pushed onto the EXEC stack ) , regardless of whether or not it has a definition .
Upon encountering such a name and pushing it onto the NAME stack the flag will be cleared ( whether or not the pushed name had a definition ) .
NAME .RAND : Pushes a newly generated random NAME .
NAME.RANDBOUNDNAME : Pushes a randomly selected NAME that already has a definition .
NAME.ROT : Rotates the top three items on the NAME stack , pulling the third item out and pushing it on top .
This is equivalent to " 2 NAME . YANK " .
NAME .SHOVE : Inserts the top NAME " deep " in the stack , at the position indexed by the top INTEGER .
NAME .STACKDEPTH : Pushes the stack depth onto the INTEGER stack .
NAME .SWAP : Swaps the top two NAMEs .
NAME .YANK : Removes an indexed item from " deep " in the stack and pushes it on top of the stack .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
NAME .YANKDUP : Pushes a copy of an indexed item " deep " in the stack onto the top of the stack , without removing the deep item .
The index is taken from the INTEGER stack .
Acknowledgments
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 0308540 and Grant No. 0216344 , and by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) and Air Force Research Laboratory , Air Force Materiel Command , USAF , under agreement number F30502-00 - 2-0611 .
Document Version History
The first version of this document was created in November , 2003 .
YYYYMMDD
20031229 : - Created this version history .
- Addition re : use of names for code variables .
- Additions related to instruction constants .
- Addition of RANDOM -SEED parameter .
20040109 : - Tweaked descriptions of *.GET instructions ( thanks Maarten Keijzer )
20040112 : - Added Random Code Generation section .
- Changed specified behavior of division / modulus by zero to
be NOOP rather than pushing zero . ( & related text changes ) .
- Change specified behavior of *.GET with unbound NAME to be NOOP .
- Added " Under Discussion " section .
20040113 : - More rejected names for Push2 .
20040412 : - Added CODE .FROMBOOLEAN , CODE .
FROMINTEGER , CODE .
FROMFLOAT
CODE .
FROMNAME , CODE.DO *COUNT , CODE .DO *TIMES .
20040730 : - Major revisions for Push2 -> Push3 transition .
- Maarten Keijzer added as co-author .
20040731 : - Fixed typos , added " Pushkin , " other minor fixes .
- Fixed factorial examples for input of zero .
20040802 : - Added correct attribution to Christophe Mckeon .
20040829 : - Fixed bug in EXEC.IF example , thanks to Christophe Mckeon .
20040901 : - Removed duplicate entry for BOOLEAN .
POP , thanks to Christophe Mckeon .
20040910 : - Cosmetic changes for publication as a Hampshire College Cognitive
Science Technical Report .
[ end ]
The libertarian humorist P. J. O’Rourke says , “ When you think of the good old days , think ‘ dentistry . ' ”
The greatest invention of the modern world is anesthetics .
Prior to 1844 , in preparation for an operation , you drank booze until you passed out — hopefully .
Then the physician — “ sawbones , ” he was called — got started hacking away .
Although you may not go under anesthetics more than once a decade , what would you pay on a desert island for the last can of ether when it was time for your operation ?
People will not give up access to anesthetics .
As for a familiar indispensable item in daily use , toilet paper comes to mind .
That was invented in 1857 , according to some Websites .
The perforated roll came in 1867 .
In other words , some very big breakthroughs came late in the history of civilization .
LIFE IN 1904 Recently , Richard Russell reprinted a document that is being sent around the Internet .
It ’s a list of conditions in 1904 .
I have not checked out the truth of each detail , but in general they sound reasonable to me .
Here is the list .
The average life expectancy in America was 47 .
Only 14 % of the homes in the U.S. had a bathtub .
18 % of American households had at least one full - time servant or domestic .
Only 8 % of the homes had a telephone .
A three - minute call from Denver to New York City cost $ 11 .
Sugar cost $ 0.04 / pound .
Eggs were $ 0.14 / dozen .
Coffee cost $ 0.15 / pound .
There were only 8,000 cars in the U.S. and only 144 miles of paved roads .
The maximum speed limit in most cities was 10 mph .
Alabama , Mississippi , Iowa , and Tennessee were each more heavily populated than California .
With a mere 1.4 million residents , California was only the 21st most populated state in the Union .
The average wage in the U.S. was $ 0.22 / hour .
The average American worker made between $ 200 — $ 400 / year .
A competent accountant could expect to earn $ 2000 / year , a dentist $ 2,500 / year , a veterinarian between $ 1,500 — $ 4,000 / year , and a mechanical engineer about $ 5,000 / year .
More than 95 % of all births in the U.S. took place at home .
90 % of all U.S. physicians had no college education .
Instead , they attended medical schools , many of which were condemned in the press and by the government as “ substandard . ”
The five leading causes of death in the US were :
pneumonia and influenza
tuberculosis
diarrhea
heart disease
stroke
The American flag had 45 stars .
Arizona , Oklahoma , New Mexico , Hawaii and Alaska had n’t been admitted to the Union yet .
The population of Las Vegas , Nevada was 30 .
One in ten American adults could n’t read or write .
Only 6 % of all Americans had graduated from high school .
There were only about 230 reported murders in the entire U.S .
The statistics on consumer prices indicate how successfully the Federal Reserve System , our nation ’s quasi-public central bank , has defended the purchasing power of the dollar .
But apart from that , things are doing great .
Mostly .
THINGS ARE GETTING BETTER , EXCEPT FOR .
. . .
One item stands out on the list as too good to be true .
Today , things are far worse .
Which one is it ?
Go back and look over the list again .
Go on .
I dare you .
I double - dog dare you .
Stuck ?
Here is a hint :
“ By 1940 , the literacy figure for all states stood at 96 percent for whites , 80 percent for blacks .
Notice that for all the disadvantages blacks labored under , four of five were nevertheless literate .
Six decades later , at the end of the twentieth century , the National Adult Literacy Survey and the National Assessment of Educational Progress say 40 percent of blacks and 17 percent of whites can’t read at all .
Put another way , black illiteracy doubled , white illiteracy quadrupled .
Before you think of anything else in regard to these numbers , think of this : we spend three to four times as much real money on schooling as we did sixty years ago , but sixty years ago virtually everyone , black or white , could read . ”
Is it really this bad today ?
It really is .
The good old days , educationally , really were good .
This was equally true in 1910 .
The good old days were better .
Consider this : “ According to the Connecticut census of 1840 , only one citizen out of every 579 was illiterate and you probably do n’t want to know , not really , what people in those days considered literate ; it ’s too embarrassing .
Popular novels of the period give a clue : ‘ Last of the Mohicans ’ , published in 1826 , sold so well that a contemporary equivalent would have to move 10 million copies to match it .
If you pick up an uncut version you find yourself in a dense thicket of philosophy , history , culture , manners , politics , geography , analysis of human motives and actions , all conveyed in data - rich periodic sentences so formidable only a determined and well - educated reader can handle it nowadays .
Yet in 1818 we were a small - farm nation without colleges or universities to speak of .
Could those simple folk have had more complex minds than our own ? ”
Or this : “ In 1882 , fifth graders read these authors in their Appleton School Reader : William Shakespeare , Henry Thoreau , George Washington , Sir Walter Scott , Mark Twain , Benjamin Franklin , Oliver Wendell Holmes , John Bunyan , Daniel Webster , Samuel Johnson , Lewis Carroll , Thomas Jefferson , Ralph Waldo Emerson , and others like them .
In 1995 , a student teacher of fifth graders in Minneapolis wrote to the local newspaper , ‘ I was told children are not to be expected to spell the following words correctly : back , big , call , came , can , day , did , dog , down , get , good , have , he , home , if , in , is , it , like , little , man , morning , mother , my , night , off , out , over , people , play , ran , said , saw , she , some , soon , their , them , there , time , two , too , up , us , very , water , we , went , where , when , will , would , etc .
Is this nuts ? ’ “ “ In 1910 , only 6 % of all Americans had graduated from high school . ”
Today , millions have graduated , but is their education equal to sixth grade in 1910 ?
In the best high schools , of course it is .
I ’m talking about the typical high school .
I ’m talking about the typical graduate .
My friend Bertel Sparks taught at Duke Law School for years .
For his entering students , he passed out an essay on property written by Blackstone .
It was from “ Commentaries , ” published in 1765 .
It was the law book for English lawyers .
He had them discuss the essay in the following class .
They always had great difficulty .
The essay was over their heads .
Then he would hold up the source of the essay : the Sixth McGuffey Reader .
He said this exercise stomped the arrogance out of them early .
“ LET THE GOVERNMENT DO IT ! ”
The Federal Reserve System has a government - granted monopoly of control over the commercial banking system .
The tax - funded schools have no comparable monopoly , but in terms of the amount of money spent on pre-college education , tax - funded schools receive most of it .
If you do n’t believe me , consider this .
If cities allowed parents of today ’s home - schoolers and private school students to skip paying that portion of property taxes going to pre-college education , the tax - funded school system would survive this year ’s funding shortfall .
( Next year , however , there would be a growing problem . )
There is a pattern of failure here .
It relates to government .
There is parallel pattern : success .
It also relates to government , and the absence thereof .
“ The average life expectancy in America was 47 . ” Today , life expectancy at birth for American females is 80 years .
A male ’s life expectancy is 74 .
Medical technology has made us healthier .
Sulfa drugs made major contributions two generations ago , as have antibiotics .
Medical research is influenced by government money and regulations , but most of the basic research is funded by the private sector .
The health food industry , gymnasiums , and the exercise device market are generally not receiving tax money .
Degenerative diseases kill us , not plagues and epidemics .
These scourges are no longer a widespread threat : Pneumonia and influenza ; Tuberculosis ; Diarrhea .
Our children will bury us — a great gift of modern technology .
Private capital investment made this a reality .
“ Only 14 % of the homes in the U.S. had a bathtub . ”
As of 2001 , there were 681,000 dwelling units with no bathtub or shower .
This is out of a total of 106,262,000 units .
“ 18 % of American households had at least one full - time servant or domestic . ”
We ca n’t afford to hire household servants because wages are too high outside the home .
The free market economy , through capital investment and its accompanying productivity , has produced employment opportunities that are superior outside the home .
Household servants tend to be female and recent immigrants , with or without green cards .
“ Only 8 % of the homes had a telephone . ”
As for telephones , the number of phone lines , including digital non-lines , has increased dramatically ever since de-regulation , when the Bell companies and AT&T lost their government - granted monopolies .
Costs have fallen dramatically since the mid-1970s .
Phone cards at Wal - Mart indicate how far they have fallen .
Now , with Skype providing free internet phone service , prices will fall even more .
“ The population of Las Vegas , Nevada was 30 . ”
The country would be better off if it still were .
That city is based on faith in luck , despite rules that favor the house statistically .
Men have substituted faith in luck for faith in law .
They have substituted faith in gambling for faith in thrift , meaning sacrifice today for the sake of tomorrow .
“ There were only about 230 reported murders in the entire U.S. ”
Here , we see the heart of the problem : the breakdown of law and order .
The self - government of Americans has slowly declined .
Along with this process has been the increase of laws on the books and money spent on law enforcement .
I detect a pattern here .
CONCLUSION
Think dentistry .
Things are better .
Think taxes .
Things are much worse .
In 1910 , there was no federal income tax .
There was no FICA tax .
Think government regulation .
Think crime .
Think divorce .
Things are worse .
Where men have been left free to choose , things are generally better .
Freedom to choose does n’t make Las Vegas go away , but it does let people who lose at Las Vegas suffer the consequences .
Medicare and Social Security have become hoped - for aces ( or at least deuces ) in the hole for gambling addicts .
When it comes to house rules , Medicare and Social Security are stacked against late - comers .
The lesson is this : you must put your money where the record shows progress — in capital , not in slot machines .
You must build a stream of income , not rely on the government ’s house .
The closer an investment market is to government regulation and “ free ” government money , the more likely you will find your investment coming up snake eyes .
“ A little government and a little luck are necessary in life , but only a fool trusts either of them . ”
~ P. J. O’Rourke
Copyright © 2004 LewRockwell.com
Is This Painting Worth One Dollar Or One Million Dollars ?
We have all heard news reports about ridiculous sums of money being paid for various works of fine art , from hundreds of thousand of dollars right up to the millions .
The question is : how can anyone justify spending such a huge amount of money just for a painting ?
Some people would say " Hey , if some billionare wants to spend / waste a few million dollars on a canvas and some paint , that 's their business " .
Many others though , feel that these prices and the publicity that surrounds them turn the work of art , and works of art in general , into a freak show .
People start to evaluate a painting based not on their intrinsic aesthetic or artistic merits , but on the price that was paid for it .
Nevertheless , record prices are still being paid for paintings all around the world .
Which brings us to our little quiz .
Have a look at each of the paintings below .
Is the painting worth one million dollars or above ( that is , what was the last and highest price paid for the painting ) , or one dollar ( based on the fact that the artist was a child , who has never sold a painting ) ?
Just highlight the text to reveal the answer .
( Please allow about 60 seconds for the pictures to load if you are using dial - up .. hey , good art takes time ! )
By the way , if you are interested in attending an art college in North America , you can find detailed information on the art institutes page .
Or for online art schools , see the online schools page .
Highlight The Text Below For More Info About This Painting :
" Henri Matisse ( 1869 -1954 )
Algue rouge sur fond bleu ciel
Sold for £ 624,000 ( British Pounds )
London , King Street
http://www.christies.com/history/promo_gallery.asp?page=1 "
Highlight The Text Below For More Info About This Painting :
" Wassily Kandinsky ( 1866-1944 )
Dünaberg , 1909
Oil on board
Sold for $ 5,513,235
London , King Street
http://www.christies.com/departments/exceptionalprices.asp?DID=29 "
Highlight The Text Below For More Info About This Painting :
" Stanislav Shpanin
Untitled
Age : 11
Not Sold Yet !
Country : Azerbaijan
http://www.theartgallery.com.au/KidsArt.html "
Highlight The Text Below For More Info About This Painting :
" Dora Maar au Chat by Pablo Picasso
Sold for $ 95.2 million
Sotheby's , New York
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_expensive_paintings "
Highlight The Text Below For More Info About This Painting :
" Myriah
Untitled
from Haggerty Elementary School - grade 3
United States
Not Sold Yet !
http://www.artsonia.com/museum "
Highlight The Text Below For More Info About This Painting :
" Stuart Davis ( 1892 - 1964 )
Still Life with Flowers
Oil on canvas
Sold for $ 3,152,000
New York , Rockefeller Center
http://www.christies.com/departments/exceptionalprices.asp?DID=3 "
That 's median income , folks .
Despite the fact that the economy has been growing at a slow but consistent rate , median income has been dropping in nearly every state , in some cases , quite dramatically -- in excess of 10 % (! ) in five states .
Obviously , there has been a tremendous looting of the great majority of Americans by the ultra rich , who not only have absorbed all that economic growth for themselves , but are actually * taking away * the small gains made since the early seventies .
Indeed , we have heard for years that incomes have barely risen since then , but now it seems quite likely that under Bush , we have seen an absolute income drop , returning to the levels of the 1960s .
I suspect that many readers of this blog are professionals , who regard steadily increasing income as a given .
Can you imagine if you had to take a 10 % income cut ?
This is stark , terribly bad economic news : most of America is effectively living through an economic depression .
Most people , at one time or another , have a job that rewards their time and effort with wages or salaries .
An increasing number of people , however , are becoming dissatisfied with that time - and - effort economy and seek the greater rewards that a results economy can provide .
Indeed , more and more managers are abandoning the safety of company careers to become consultants in their chosen fields .
They cite a number of reasons — a need to pursue their vision , a desire for increased independence , the lack of a meaningful future in a large organisation , or the reality of redundancy .
This change inevitably means establishing their own businesses , working for themselves , and — if necessary — employing others .
Making the decision to start your own freelance business or consultancy from home is not an easy one .
There are numerous considerations that need to be taken into account .
This article aims to consider the key issues , and provide varied expert opinions and advice on how to address them .
Here ’s what we ’ll consider :
Are you ready to start your own business ?
How to understand , consider , and address the risks involved .
How to set up your home business , from establishing an office , to scheduling your time .
Let ’s get started !
Are you Ready to Start your own Business ?
If you know yourself and know your enemy , in a hundred battles you will never fear the result .
When you know yourself but not your enemy , your chances of winning and losing are equal .
If you know neither yourself nor your enemy , you are certain in every battle to be in danger .
— ( Sun Tzu , The Art of War , 400 BC . )
Most consultants agree that consulting provides for them an ideal lifestyle .
Contributing towards this , they say , are the following :
They can work on their own terms — choose where , when , and with whom they want to work .
— choose where , when , and with whom they want to work .
They have fewer interruptions — no meetings , fewer phone calls , no office banter and social gatherings to gobble up time .
More productive work .
— no meetings , fewer phone calls , no office banter and social gatherings to gobble up time .
More productive work .
They have less commuting — less wear and tear on their car , and themselves , less money spent on petrol or public transport .
They can travel to appointments in off - peak traffic .
— less wear and tear on their car , and themselves , less money spent on petrol or public transport .
They can travel to appointments in off - peak traffic .
They have more time for themselves and their families , and can pick up the kids after school , attend daytime school functions , exercise at lunchtime , let in the repair man , shop when the supermarket is empty , and make a real dinner .
, and can pick up the kids after school , attend daytime school functions , exercise at lunchtime , let in the repair man , shop when the supermarket is empty , and make a real dinner .
They no longer have to dress up — less money spent on office clothes and cosmetics , less laundry .
— less money spent on office clothes and cosmetics , less laundry .
They no longer have to buy lunch or pack it — have money , sit in peace and sunshine on the back veranda .
— have money , sit in peace and sunshine on the back veranda .
They can follow their own body rhythms — work at 4 am or 11 pm .
Take a break when they feel like it on the comfy couch with coffee and the newspaper , have an afternoon nap .
On the other hand , three of the main disadvantages include :
You can be interrupted or distracted by the everyday life in a home .
You may be tempted to overwork and rob yourself of relaxation .
You can become less visible in your business community .
Are you Ready to Start your Own Business ?
So , are you ready to start your own business ?
Consider the following questions — you should answer in the affirmative !
Are you a self - starter ?
Can you get along with other people ?
Can you lead others ?
Can you take charge of things and see them through ?
Are you a good organiser ?
Are you prepared to work hard for something you want ?
Can you make decisions ?
Can people trust what you say ?
Can you stick with it ?
Is your health good ?
— Les Taylor in Starting and Managing a Small Business .
How did you go ?
That ’s not all it takes , of course , but they are the key , basic concerns that you must be able to meet .
Are you Suited to Working from Home ?
Of course , many people who decide to start their own consultancy or freelance business decide to do so from home .
Yet it takes a special kind of personality to work from home successfully .
Not everyone is suited to it .
If you can answer " yes " to the majority of these questions , then working from home may be for you :
Are you well - organised ?
Are you easily self - motivated ?
Can you set your own work timetables ?
Can you work with occasional distractions ?
Are you sufficiently self - disciplined to keep your nose to the grindstone ?
Do you have good time - management skills ?
Can you work alone , or is your personality better suited to a team setting ?
Can you set goals for yourself , and stick to them ?
Is there a space in your home for you to set up exclusively as your office ?
Do you have all the equipment necessary to operate an efficient , professional office ?
Can you manage without traditional office support , and resources ?
Will you be able to cope in relative isolation , without the social interaction which a corporate office provides ?
Are you Cut Out for Consultancy ?
Consultants of all kinds — including those working in the design and programming fields — need certain qualities .
For success as a consultant you ’ll need to :
Know the business environment .
You must be worldly , plugged in , and fully understand new developments and policies in your field .
Be a trend spotter .
You must ride the waves of change , recognise the trends and get in first .
Be self - motivated .
You must be a self - starter with a get - up - and - go attitude and lots of ideas .
Be willing to work long hours .
Be results - oriented .
You must stick to the promises you make , must not overcommit , and have good time - management and organisational skills .
Have the ability to write well .
You must be good at identifying the client ’s needs and writing to the client ’s satisfaction .
Have a customer focus .
You must possess good listening skills , patience and the tolerance to work within a wide range of client idiosyncrasies .
Be willing to sell yourself .
You must be confident and charismatic and believe that your skills can make a difference .
— Linda Vining , ‘ Becoming a Consultant ’ , The Practising Administrator , No. 4 , 1997 .
Now that you ’ve considered the basic qualities outlined above , we come to the big question : are you cut out to be a consultant ?
A SOHO ( Small Office Home Office ) consultancy may sound very appealing .
But before you go ahead , take a few minutes to answer this questionnaire .
Be truthful in your answers !
While it ’s not definitive , this questionnaire is designed to give you a good idea of your potential for success as a consultant working from home .
In answering the questions , give yourself 2 points for a " Yes " answer , 1 point for a " Sometimes " answer , and 0 points for a " No " answer .
Are you a results - oriented person ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Do you set goals and clear objectives ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Do you work well in isolation ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Is your home free of distractions ( e.g. children , dependents ) ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Can you quote the rules of time management ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Do you support the concept of marketing your school ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Do you see school parents as ‘ customers ’ ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Do you have a room in your house to convert to a SOHO ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Are you a good writer ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Are you a good public speaker ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
Do you have financial reserves to survive without a salary for one year , if necessary ?
Yes / No
Do you have good computer skills ( e.g. desktop publishing , database , spreadsheets ) ?
Yes / Sometimes / No
How did you score ?
0 - 14 Look for a job in the paid workforce .
15 - 19 You ’re a potential consultant , but you may need to make some changes to become a successful consultant .
20 - 24 Go for it !
Approaching Consultancy : Understand , Consider , and Address Risks
So , you ’re ready to take the plunge .
Spend a moment reflecting on this definition of consultancy …
A consultant is simply anyone who gives advice or performs other services of a professional or semi-professional nature , in return for compensation .
This means that regardless of your area of interest or expertise , you can become a consultant .
Everyone has a unique background , with special interests and experiences duplicated by few others , and in demand by certain individuals or companies at certain times .
— William Cohen , How to Make It Big as a Consultant , AMACOM , NY , 1985 , p. 2 .
Reducing Your Risks
As we mentioned above , the transition from a time - and - effort economy to a results economy is a major personal growth experience , inherent in which are a number of risks .
How can you reduce these risks ?
1. Know what it takes to succeed .
People who succeed in a results - economy believe two things :
that they ’re prepared to rely only on their own ability to achieve financial security that they will never get any opportunity in life unless they have first created value for someone else
Those two considerations identify entrepreneurial behaviour , which applies to any structure — sole trader , partnership , franchise , or limited company .
2 . Try to be different .
Most business strategy comes down to one of two approaches : doing things differently , or doing different things .
Few businesses have the luxury of being the only player in a market , so doing things differently will be the only way to differentiate themselves from others in the field .
Identifying that area of uniqueness leads to planning and strategic action .
Most people recall first and second placegetters in a class and , after that , only those that differ in some way .
Few people who are just starting out in business can be number one or two : most have to rely on being recognised for their differences .
3. Investigate your market .
Market and competitor intelligence is vital if you ’re going to differ meaningfully from the opposition .
So get to know as much as you can about those competing in your market .
This process must be reviewed constantly : competitors will quickly match those characteristics that previously differentiated your product or service from theirs .
Change , therefore , is a constant for any business that realises the need to stand out from the rest .
4 . Get the best resources .
People , planning , and equipment make up the important resources you will require .
Your accountant , financial planner , and legal adviser will have the information you need on taxation , insurance , investment , and other legal issues like tenancy agreements and restrictions on business activities .
A business plan will not only be an invaluable tool for yourself : it ’s also a requirement of banks and other fund providers .
The quality of your office equipment must help to deliver the services you advertise .
Quick turn - round time on tasks and projects demands the right equipment and expertise .
5. Develop and maintain a positive attitude .
A positive mental attitude is an essential life quality , especially when you ’re establishing a new business .
" I will " , therefore , continues to have a greater effect on the success of businesses than " IQ " .
Stories of those who have succeeded in their chosen fields identify desire and focus — " I will " behaviour — above education and giftedness or " IQ " .
This " fire - in - the - belly behaviour " leads ultimately to …
loving what you ’re doing
learning new things
gaining extra energy
6 . Be daring , but do n’t be reckless .
People with entrepreneurial flair who leave the security of employment to venture into their own businesses are sometimes labelled as daring risk - takers .
In truth , studies show that successful entrepreneurs avoid high - risk situations .
They do choose challenging goals , but they do everything they can to reduce the risks .
They usually enter their new venture with an advantage — they are experienced in the business they intend to start .
They are aware of , and seek information on , the risks and potential problems .
They remain open to feedback , both positive and negative .
They have confidence in themselves and in their ability to make their new ventures work somehow , even if things do n’t happen as they hope .
They work to minimise risk within the confines of their basic aim : meet challenging but not impossible objectives .
7 . Heed your own advice .
" The best advice you can take is your own " is the best advice you ’ll ever receive .
Although listening to the advice of respected others is important , the one person with a better understanding of the entire context in which your business operates is you .
For various reasons , many people underestimate the value of their own contributions and place greater emphasis on the views of others .
8 . Do it !
The most important four letters for people in business are " Do it " .
Having the best plans , the best advice , and the best intentions are essential qualities ; but if you never do anything , nothing will happen .
Yet gaining a reputation as a " do - er " is easy — just do it !
Understanding , Anticipating and Addressing Risk in the Field
We ’ve talked about the personal risks to you in stepping out on your own into your own freelance business or consultancy .
But once you do so , you face a whole new range of business risks .
Some small firms are endangered by owner - managers being too impetuous and taking risks that the firm ca n’t afford to take .
Many others suffer from owner - manager attitudes to risk which paralyse them by making them afraid to take any risks at all .
Being in business involves some risk ; so do driving a car and getting married .
Astute owner - managers must be able to calculate or estimate whether the risk of doing something new and different is one that the firm can afford to take , or one that the firm cannot afford to take .
Sometimes , when survival depends on doing something different ( e.g. changing to a new location , adding a new branch , or taking on a new product ) , that may be a risk that the firm cannot afford not to take !
Doing nothing is often more risky than doing something new and different .
If you want your small business to survive , then , insist Wal Reynolds , Warwick Savage and Alan Williams in Your Own Business , you must understand the various types of risk :
the risk of being in business
the risk we can afford to take
the risk we cannot afford to take
the risk we cannot afford not to take
They elaborate as follows :
Some small firms are endangered by owner / managers being too impetuous and taking risks that the firm cannot afford to take .
Many others suffer from owner / manager attitudes to risk which paralyse them by making them afraid to take any risks at all .
Being in business involves some risk ; so does driving a car and getting married .
Astute owner / managers must be able to calculate or estimate whether the risk of doing something new and different is one that the firm can afford to take , or one that the firm cannot afford to take .
Sometimes , when survival depends on doing something different ( for instance , changing to a new location , adding a new branch , or taking on a new product ) , that may be a risk that the firm cannot afford not to take !
Doing nothing is often more risky than doing something new and different .
Rules for Business Success
In ‘ Your Own Business ’ , Wal Reynolds , Warwick Savage and Alan Williams summarise the rules for success in small business as :
Create and build the business on a real market opportunity ( find a niche ) .
Identify or create some distinctive competence and convert this into a sustainable competitive advantage .
Realise that competitive advantage is temporary ; the firm will either be extinct or different in five years ’ time ; therefore planning ahead and the search for new opportunities must go on continually ; and change must be welcomed .
Create and improve the firm ’s image .
Strive to be the best rather than the biggest .
Remember that success comes from finding and / or creating opportunities .
Build on strengths and concentrate effort and resources .
Recognise the difference between efficiency and effectiveness .
Be innovative .
Seek and use expert advice .
Recognise the various types of risk .
Avoid being over - dependent on others .
Get rid of unprofitable and / or unsaleable products and services .
Manage the firm ’s resources efficiently and effectively .
Realise that every business / management decision and action will affect the firm ’s survival - ability .
Use time efficiently and effectively .
Keep good records .
Regard cash flow as the life - blood of the business .
Hire the right people , use them and involve them in the business , reward them wisely and get rid of all ‘ dead wood ’ .
Continually update product knowledge and technical skills .
Regularly review the suitability of the firm ’s location .
Learn from errors made and do not repeat them .
Watch for signs of mental stress and , if these are found , decide on the cause and deal with it .
Be decisive and assertive — decide on the best course of action and follow it .
Believe in yourself and your business .
Setting Up your Home Business
So , you ’ve assessed your personal capabilities , and you ’ve decided that you have a strong potential for success as a freelance consultant working from home .
You ’ve also considered the risks inherent in this decision — both in terms of personal and business risks — and you feel comfortable that you can manage risks of both kinds .
If you ’re contemplating starting your own consultancy , here are some important actions you might take .
1. Identify existing demand .
Successful businesses provide services that people want and are prepared to pay for — this is the concept of supply and demand .
Demand will result either from providing different services or from providing those services differently .
As very few consultants have different products or services , they usually attempt to differentiate their services in other ways , such as targeting niche markets , being increasingly responsive , and so on .
One indicator of demand will be that you have potential customers lined up before you start , so that , before making the jump , you can tell existing clients of your plans and secure their continuing support before .
2 . Get your networks established .
Abraham Lincoln said , " Good things come to those who wait — but only that left by those who hustle . "
Networking is an important means of hustling , so use your existing contacts to make new ones .
Hustle at business breakfasts and lunches , industry seminars , and other events conducted by professional associations ; have your work published in industry journals or in the local media .
Then , when potential clients need the types of services you provide , they will associate your name immediately with their needs .
Hustle also in directory listings and Yellow Pages .
Try starting a newsletter .
Create a website .
Even approach former employers .
Hustle for work .
3 . Get a mentor and a coach .
A mentor will be someone who has succeeded in your field or in another field and who is prepared to nurture your development by taking you under his or her wing , offering guidance and advice .
Mentors are role models and valuable sources of advice in such areas as getting started , providing services , finding niche markets , and advertising .
Coaching differs from mentoring in that it focuses on providing specific assistance with a specific problem .
A coach , for example , may teach you and help you to improve your public presentation skills so that you can , for example , increase demand for your services as a conference speaker .
4 . Choose your business name wisely .
Time spent on choosing a company name and logo is time well spent .
You ’ll want a name that helps to distinguish you and your services from the competition — and one that provides credibility .
Do not add " and Associates " .
In business , " and Associates " often means " small " , usually a one - person operation trying to sound big by inventing associates .
Register your chosen name with the relevant authority .
5. Establish essential support .
Develop a sound working relationship with those whose support you will need — for example , an accountant , a banker , and a solicitor .
Initially , you may employ part - time accounting or bookkeeping support , seek income protection and other professional insurance , use a graphic designer to design your logo and present your reports and tenders professionally , an office supplier to provide everything from furniture to stationery , and even a fashion consultant to keep you looking the part .
6 . Know what it takes .
Being a consultant and being outstanding are two different things .
Top consultants possess a bedside manner or a capacity to get along with clients , an ability to diagnose problems and find their solutions , technical expertise and knowledge , communication skills , self - marketing and selling skills , management skills , a willingness to work erratic hours …
7 . Ask : " Do I really need that ? "
It can be tempting to want at once all the " trimmings " often associated with a successful business — for example :
A fancy office .
Most consultants go to their clients , not the other way around — so use technology and save on rentals .
Most consultants go to their clients , not the other way around — so use technology and save on rentals .
A bank loan .
Some would say that if you ca n’t set up a consultancy without a loan , do n’t do it .
Some would say that if you ca n’t set up a consultancy without a loan , do n’t do it .
Elaborate professional marketing and advertising .
You should know your own business best .
Keep these experts on tap , but never on top .
You should know your own business best .
Keep these experts on tap , but never on top .
Partners .
By joining forces with other consultants you can offer a broader base of skills , target a wider range of market niches , and reduce overheads .
Informal partnerships are often preferred .
8. Stay focused on the bottom line .
In the establishment phase of your business , expenses will probably exceed income .
Do n’t panic .
Just keep overheads low without skimping .
You ’ll need the best equipment you can afford , but the Mercedes can wait until you ’re well established .
Golden Rules for Earning from Home
Derryn Heilbuth , author of ‘ Earning Money from Home ’ , says changes in the job market have resulted in unlimited opportunities for people to work from home .
To succeed , however , he recommends that those working form home take the following advice :
Pick something that maximises your abilities .
Have fun , because you ’re unlikely to stick with it if you ’re bored .
Do your homework .
For every bright idea for a new business , find out who ’s doing something similar , how crowded the market is and how well others are doing .
Find a niche .
Be patient .
A start - up enterprise always takes more time and money than expected .
Take it seriously and others will do so too .
Keep good financial records .
Work hard and do n’t get discouraged — sticking with something is the reason that small enterprises grow into major companies .
Even with these Golden Rules , you must beware of the common pitfalls for newcomers .
Having made the decision to begin your own consultancy , it ’s vital to be aware of the traps which can bring about your downfall …
Overcommitting your time .
It is easy for a consultant to take on too many commitments and promise too much .
Missing the boat .
Those who miss the waves of change and fail to recognise the trends have to share their business with others or go without .
Miscalculating the fee structure .
Over - the - top fees curb the customer base .
Fees that are too low fail to finance the SOHO .
Giving it away for free .
Ideas are the professional currency of the consultant .
They are easily stolen .
Having the wrong attitude .
Some consultants have the attitude that they know it all and ride roughshod over the client ’s ideas .
Failing to market your services .
Hiding in a SOHO does not bring in business .
A consultant must be seen and be heard to be hired .
Being poorly organised .
Failure to keep records , send invoices , and poor accounting erodes a business .
Failing to keep those killer overheads in check .
Rent , equipment and staff can unbalance the equation so that costs exceed income .
Reap the Rewards of Working from Home
Increasing numbers of people are working for themselves .
In 1996 , management guru Peter Drucker predicted that , by 2004 , more than half of the working population in the United States would be self - employed .
Others , for a variety of reasons , would establish home offices but continue to work for the company from home .
Working from home , therefore , will continue to be the preferred option for more and more people .
In starting your freelance consultancy from home , there are a number of specific goals you should work towards and , ultimately , master .
1. Manage yourself .
Your self - motivation , planning , and preparation are the keys to maximising the benefits of working from home .
Self - motivation will come from the picture or vision you have for your future — what you want to become or the way you see yourself operating in , say , five years ’ time .
Planning means translating your vision into actions supported by reasonable time lines .
Preparation entails activities leading to the achievement of those plans .
You will find plenty of tools to support these three essentials .
Your aim will be to find the ones that best suit your operating style .
2. Manage your time .
Dan Sullivan proposes an innovative approach to time management —
Free days , Focus days , and Buffer days .
Adopt it , says Sullivan at an AIFP Success Forum , and your productivity will experience exponential growth .
Free days are when you take total time out from what you are doing .
This full twenty - four hour period should be free from any work - related information or activities , giving you time to recharge and come up with a fresh perspective on things .
Free days become your reward for successful task completion .
Focus days occur on about one hundred days a year and are periods set aside for completion of one or more particular tasks .
Sullivan advocates 80 % focus on these days , with minimal interruptions .
Focus days will be your main fee - generation days .
Buffer days are when you do a little of this and a little of that — a little free time , a little focus time .
Buffer days are essential for focus days to happen .
Tasks can be delegated , staff know what is required of them , and you tidy up a myriad issues requiring your attention .
( Dan Sullivan , Closing Keynote Presentation , 1996 IAFP Success Forum . )
Others will soon learn your habits associated with free , focus , and buffer time , allowing you to reap the benefits of this simple but effective time - management technique .
3. Overcome feelings of guilt .
Self - discipline is rarely a problem for people working for themselves .
Many , however , feel guilty if they are playing a round of golf or engaging in some other form of relaxation when office - workers are heading off to work .
Free days , focus days , and buffer days happen according to demand .
There is no need to feel guilty if a free day occurs when others are at work .
Remember that you have chosen this lifestyle for the added benefits it can provide .
One of those benefits may be not having to queue before teeing off .
4. Maintain your business networks .
Make a conscious effort to retain business networks .
Continue to attend industry meetings , lunches , and other events that will keep you in the public eye .
Use the telephone , fax , and email to maintain regular contact with your clients .
Remember those important marketing maxims :
Talk to every client at least once every 90 days .
Your telephone will ring only if you make it .
Do n’t just sit there : phone someone .
5. Continue to project a high - quality image .
Wherever you are , image remains a key quality .
Your personal appearance , the appearance of your office and your stationery , the way your phone is answered , the appearance of your car — all will be just as vital now as they were before .
Working from home may have been a life - quality choice but should not detract from the image you project .
The quality of the company you keep will always provide an insight into you and your operations .
6 . Become your own best friend .
At times , working from home can leave you feeling a little isolated .
Recognition and rewards are most frequently identified as what people miss most of all .
Rather than rely on others to provide those essentials , you can use this experience to out - grow the need for continued recognition .
Find ways to reward yourself .
One example of a reward could be additional free days to celebrate the successful completion of an important project .
Overcoming Isolation
Those who work in the isolation of their own homes often face feelings of loneliness , lack of direction and support , and so on .
In some cases , these issues can reduce the consultant ’s chances of success , and may cause them to return to the daily grind of an office job .
Here are five proven isolation - busters , suggested in Optus ’s Business Advantage 1/2003 , which you should plan to address before you embark upon a work - from - home consultancy .
1. Employ the " buddy system " .
Choose a friend or colleague who would also benefit from sharing ideas and make a commitment to meet up at least once a fortnight to have a chat about the latest developments in your businesses .
You are probably both facing the same challenges , so it is useful to get a different perspective on the way you work .
Ask your " buddy " how they deal with isolation , as they might have some ideas you have n’t thought of .
If it is logistically impossible to meet face - to - face , take the time to chat on the phone or send each other an email .
2. Enrol in a course .
Attending a university , TAFE or college business course is a great way to expand your knowledge base .
There can also be some positive networking benefits , as you get to meet with other people to exchange ideas .
You may even be able to turn one of your classmates into a customer .
3. Play sport .
Sport is a great way to de-stress after a hectic day ’s work .
Playing a social or competitive team sport will not only provide you with health benefits , but perhaps some unexpected networking opportunities as well .
The social atmosphere that sport provides is conducive to making new friends , who in turn could become clients or suitable " buddies " with whom to share business ideas .
4 . Work with " the enemy " .
It ’s a natural reaction to consider your competitors " the enemy " and have as little to do with them as possible .
However , there may be benefits from networking and acting in a cooperative way to attract customers , particularly in the retail sector .
For example , if you are one of four stationery stores within close proximity of each other , you could all work in a united way to promote your suburb as the place for customers to go for all of their stationery needs , providing benefits for all stores .
5 . Work with a coach or mentor .
A coach or mentor is an ideal person to talk through the issues your business is facing .
They provide you with a sounding board for new ideas and with constructive criticism about the way your company is operating .
Being accountable to someone else provides added motivation to get things done , so you are likely to follow through on the initiatives suggested by the coach or mentor .
So , if you ’re a farmer and you ’ve been procrastinating about updating your inventory system , there ’s a good chance you ’ll go ahead and do it if your mentor thinks it ’s worth doing .
Best of all , a coach / mentor is someone who takes a genuine interest in what you do .
The Practicalities
The practicalities of setting up a home - based freelance consultancy are fairly detailed .
Give some thought to the following basics , as well as to any other considerations that you can identify as being relevant to your own specific situation .
1 . Set up your home office .
Spend a few days setting up your home .
Doing this now will save countless headaches later .
Consider location , access , security , lighting , furniture , storage , image , distractions , and creature comforts .
Determine what office equipment you ’ll need for work and for telecommunicating with clients and colleagues - telephone , answering machine , computer , modem , or some similar device that allows you to connect to other computers and the Internet , printer , fax capabilities ( fax software , or a dedicated fax machine ) , and perhaps a photocopier .
Purchase all the office supplies you ’ll need - paper clips , envelopes , stationery , pens etc .
2. Call a family meeting .
Establish ground rules and discuss expectations .
Be flexible , but make it clear that , when you ’re in your office , you ’re there to work .
Make sure your neighbours and friends know this too .
3. Schedule your day .
Try to discipline yourself to normal working hours , and " go to work " each day , at least until you develop your confidence , and enjoy some success , in your home - based consultancy .
Once you become comfortable with your ability to focus , and to achieve , you can begin to experiment with some of the suggestions I ’ve outlined above for optimising your time - and self - management .
Since your clients and any colleagues may need to get in touch with you at specific times of day , try to have your schedule coincide , at least to some degree , with theirs .
Finally , to summarize , here are the basic practicalities that you ’ll need to address in order to give your home - based freelance consultancy the greatest chance of success :
Set up ground rules with your family .
Discipline yourself to begin work at a definite time each day and establish office routines , such as checking e-mails first thing each morning , sending out invoices on Fridays , etc .
Set priorities and deadlines , and stick with them .
Establish good work habits — but do n’t spend too much time at work , or at weekends , simply because your workplace is so close .
Balance your life .
Dress appropriately — and that does n’t mean getting around in your dressing gown .
Productivity relates to how you feel , and look .
Avoid temptations — sofa , television , novel , golf , refrigerator .
Report in to the corporate office at least daily — to avoid isolation and to keep in contact with colleagues .
Maintain accurate records of activities and expenses .
Reward yourself from time to time — take a walk , play with the dog , water the plants .
Take regular breaks or productivity will suffer .
Seek contact with others — for lunch or tennis .
There ’s no need to go stir-crazy .
Summary
Many people think that starting a freelance business involves a spare room , a computer , and some good contacts .
But if your business is to be successful , you ’ll need to be able not just to stick out the tough times when those hot leads dry up , but to battle your own feelings of isolation , and lack of motivation .
You ’ll also need to be willing and able to research , assess , and react to your market , control cashflows , and work with clients and contractors .
As we ’ve discussed , numerous factors need to be considered before you embark on setting up your own home - based freelance business or consultancy .
You need to assess your own capabilities , devise strategies to anticipate , respond to , and manage risks , and successfully tackle the challenge of setting up a physical office and scheduling your own time .
I hope that the pointers I ’ve provided here help you to do all these things and , ultimately , put you in a strong position to make your fledgling freelance consultancy into a great success .
There are many reasons for getting cohesive .
The principle of locality , which is normally considered with respect to locality of reference when using resources such as memory , can also apply to the organisation of APIs and classes and the partitioning of packages , components and header files .
This criterion for cohesion is based on the idea that things that are used together belong together .
Popular as the practice appears to be , it makes little sense to bundle all of your exception classes into a single package named exceptions or all of your compile - time constants in a single header file named " constants.h " .
The cohesion is coincidental and does n't reflect how the code is used or what it means :
If usage of a particular class can result in a specific exception , why is the exception not defined close to the class ?
If you need a particular constant , such as a service name , why should that also bring in unrelated constants , such as a default buffer length ?
It turns out that there is in another criterion that can be used to arrive at the same conclusion in this case : stability .
Or , put another way , put things together that change together .
The change in question is not runtime change but development - time change : the change that code endures over the software lifecycle .
The other side of the partitioning coin from cohesion is coupling , and stability also applies here : a unit ( function , class , header , package , layer , etc ) should ideally depend on units that are more , not less , stable than itself .
Put simply : prefer to build on solid ground .
In the case of the exceptions package , all the feature packages whose classes need to throw exceptions that are defined in the exceptions package depend on the exceptions package , as do the users of the feature packages .
This is likely to make the exceptions package one of the most , if not the most , heavily depended upon packages in a system .
Unfortunately , it is also likely to be one of the least stable : any new exception for a feature package will affect the exceptions package , as will the addition of any new feature package that needs new exception types .
This conceptual instability can manifest itself concretely if the compiled classes for lower layers are deployed separately from those that are higher up , i.e. placing the code for application features in one JAR file and the code for so - called utility classes , such as exceptions , in another .
The same problem exists for a " constants.h " header , but the churn problem shows up sooner during the compilation–link cycle : every time the header file is modified , a rebuild is triggered , regardless of whether or not an including source file depends on the constant in question .
Changing a default buffer length will still cause a rebuild for files whose only interest is in a service name .
So the lack of cohesion , from the perspective of common use , makes changes more likely : it reinforces the lack of cohesion from the perspective of stability .
The solution in both cases is to split up the package and the header and relocate their constituent parts according to the features they relate to .
In the case of the constants , there is one more refinement that can further reduce coupling and isolate change ... but we 'll discuss that another day .
Welcome To Texas Liberal
Texas Liberal is a blog of politics and political history .
My name is Neil Aquino .
Here is my profile .
I can be reached at naa618@att.net .
Additional focuses of the blog are books , art , poetry , personal relationships and , also , sea life and marine mammals .
( The picture above is of the Houston Ship Channel .
A narrow channel can lead to a wide sea . )
The signature post of this blog is the Martin Luther King Reading & Reference List .
This list is the best of it ’s kind on the web .
Another good post is my reciting the words to the Shaker hymn Simple Gifts on Galveston Island , Texas as a ship passes behind .
I live in Houston , Texas and I do sometimes write about political issues in Houston and in Texas .
I also often write about my former hometown of Cincinnati , and about the great beach city of Galveston , Texas .
I define liberalism as a role for government in the economy to help make life more fair , and a broad acceptance of people regardless of who they are .
This is why it says “ All People Matter ” at the top of the blog .
A blog grows one reader at a time .
If you like what you read here , please consider forwarding the link .
Texas Liberal began regular posting on July 25 , 2006 .
I also blog at the Houston Chronicle as one of eight featured political bloggers , and on Where ’s The Outrage ?
which posts out of North Carolina .
Thanks for reading Texas Liberal .
The graphic film , parts of which were aired last night on Channel Seven 's Today Tonight , reportedly shows the semi- naked girl — who has a mild developmental delay — performing sexual acts on a gang of up to 12 youths who then set her hair on fire and urinate on her .
The DVDs , which have been sold in secondary schools in Melbourne 's west for $ 5 , also show the boys making chlorine bombs , dropping flares on a homeless man and throwing eggs at taxi drivers .
Police yet to see DVD A Victoria Police spokesman said police were told only yesterday about the alleged sexual assault , by the alleged victim 's father .
" I confirmed that myself when I spoke to detectives today , Werribee police were not informed until yesterday morning and that was the first we had heard about it , '' the spokesman said .
" We ( also ) got a phone call from a teacher yesterday morning passing on second - hand information they had heard about the existing DVD and that Today Tonight were doing a story on it .
The investigation into the alleged attack would not start until police obtain a copy of the DVD .
" The investigation has n't started .
We 're obtaining a copy of the DVD today which will commence an investigation in relation to the DVD and the father of the alleged victim of the assault will be taking her to Werribee police today to make a statement in relation to the incident and that will be the start of that particular investigation . "
Father 's plea
The father of the alleged victim has pleaded for all copies of the DVD to be destroyed .
" Alan " , the father of 17 - year - old victim " Julie " , called on parents whose children possessed the DVD to destroy it .
" I 'm almost begging parents to do this .
This has such implications for my daughter 's future , " he told Southern Cross Radio .
Julie arranged to meet two of the boys through an internet chat service at a Werribee shopping centre , but soon after arriving she was surrounded and forced by a gang of up to 12 to a nearby riverbank , where the attack took place , Alan said .
" She 's very ashamed .
She was hoodwinked , tricked , manipulated into this and it's all happened within five or ten minutes , " he said .
Daughter ' traumatised '
" She is very traumatised by this . "
Channel Seven had told him that parents of the boys who produced the DVD laughed it off as " just a bit of fun " .
" They need to know that that is not a bit of fun , " he said .
" They 've caused us great grief , " said Alan .
He said the attack was a warning to parents of the dangers of the internet .
" Start listening to what some of the professionals are saying about the problems that can occur , " he said .
Bracks condemns attack Victorian Premier Steve Bracks has described the assault as " horrendous " .
" Frankly I 'm appalled , and it's behaviour that the whole of Victoria will reject , " Mr Bracks said while making a transport announcement in Mitcham .
" This is a horrendous act on someone who was obviously very innocent , someone who was being led into this situation .
This ( is ) illegal behaviour which I reject totally , and I think the whole community will be appalled by that . "
Credits name boys
Senior Sergeant Paul Mullett , secretary of Victoria 's Police Association , watched excerpts of the video yesterday .
" This is nothing short of disgraceful behaviour .
What I have seen is reprehensible behaviour , " he said .
The names of some boys involved were listed in the DVD 's credits , he said .
" They are really not very smart because they have identified themselves by name and in person . "
Sergeant Mullett called for the " full force of the law " to be brought against those involved .
The principal of Kardinia International College , in Geelong , said tonight that one boy had been expelled over his role in producing the DVD .
Principal John Goodfellow said he was not aware of the DVD or its contents until yesterday , and a school investigation would take into the actions of two other male students who " may have had some involvement " .
Mr Goodfellow told the Nine Network tonight that he had spoken to the expelled teen .
" No , he was n't really trying to defend himself , he knows he did a very , very silly thing , " Mr Goodfellow said .
" ( But ) I do n't think he understood the full extent and the consequence of the stupid , horrid video . "
Mr Goodfellow said the Geelong school community was unified in its support for the young woman involved .
" We 're absolutely shocked and we feel very sad and sorry for the girl concerned ... what has happened is absolute stupidity and also very , very miserable . "
theage.com.au and wires , with Reko Rennie and Stephen Moynihan
Google yine yapacağını yaptı .
Tüm dünyadan yazılım geliştirmeye hevesli öğrencilere çağrı : Yazın ne yap ıyorsunuz ?
Oturun açık kod modeliyle bir yazılım geliştirin ve 4500 $ kazanın .
Tek yapmanız gereken Summer of Code başvurusunda bulunmak ve önerilen fikirlerden birini seçip bunu uygulamak .
Tabii ki öyle başı boş bırakılmayacaksınız , başvurusu kabul edilen her programcı bir " koç " ile birlikte çalışacak ve ona karşı sorumlu olacak .
Sorumlu olacağınız kişi ise FreeBSD , The Apache Software Foundation , The Perl Foundation , Lisp NYC , OpenOffice , Wine , Google gibi kurumlarda / projelerde çalışan deneyimli programcılar olacak .
Merak ettiğiniz sorular varsa burada sorabilirsiniz ( tabii FAQ belgelerini okuduktan sonra ) .
Eylül döneminde okullar açıldığında ve arkadaşlarınız , hocalarınız " yazın ne yaptın " dediğinde onlara verecek çok sağlam bir cevabınız olsun ;-)
その日筆者は、あるメーカーが開発中の技術に対するヒアリングに出席するため、アキバのUDXビルの中を指定された部屋に向かって歩いていた。すると向こうから、テンガロンハットにサングラス、でも体は着流しに雪駄という「それ誰と誰のアイコラだよ」的な男が歩いて来る。
長年アキバを歩いていて、筆者もシロウトではない。こういうのと目を合わせるとロクな事にならないというのは経験上わかっているので、なるべく視線を合わせないようにすれ違ったのだが、くるりときびすを返してこちらに近づいてくる姿が、エレベーター脇のぴかぴかに磨き上げられたステンレスの壁に映っていた。
考え得る限りの最悪のシナリオベスト20を瞬時に想定し、その対応をシミュレーションしていたところ、案外優しげな声で男はこういった。「あのー、もしかして小寺さんですか？」
それが「 Engadget Japanese」を主宰する 「 Ittousai」氏との、最初の出会いである。
Weblogの勝者 、Engadget
Engadget Japaneseは、PDAや携帯電話、PC周辺機器やミュージックプレーヤーといった、いわゆるガジェット好きなら一度はリンクをたどって訪れたことがあるサイトだろう。昨今ではDELLのバッテリ爆発・炎上事故を日本でいち早く掲載したのもここだったし、ウォークマンS700シリーズのリーク写真を掲載したのもここだった。
ただこのサイト、基本的 に 「 About 」のような説明がなにもないままに存在するため、一体どういう素性のサイトなのかご存じない方も多いことだろう。もちろん筆者もその一人であった。そこでEngadget Japaneseを事実上運営しているIttousai氏に、Engadgetとは何かを伺った。
「元々 Engadget本家は米国の大手ブログサイトなんですけど、日本では僕が1年ぐらい一人でやってる個人サイトみたいなことになってます。ホントはちゃんと何人も人を入れてやんないといけないんですけど。だいたい僕がサボると更新されないってのは、本家の規模からすればあり得ないことなので(笑 ) 」( Ittousai氏 )
日本では一部のマニア向けというか、変なもの＆変な人大集合サイトのようなEngadget Japaneseだが、本家の米国Engadgetはガジェット系ブログメディアとして、盤石の地位を築いている。ブログ検索サービスとして知られる米Technoratiでは、被参照数1位。全米で1位ということは、おそらく世界的に見てもガジェット系サイトではナンバーワンだと見ていいだろう。
元々本 家Engadgetは、2004年に現在の代表であるPeter Rojas ( ピーター・ロハス ) がスタートさせた、ガジェット系専門のニュースブログである。当時米国ではBlogシステムを使って行なうジャーナリズムが急速に立ち上がっていった時期で、広告収益によってビジネスになるということが立証されつつあった。
当時 はWeblogs , Inc.という会社が運営する80近くのブログメディアの一つであったが、2004年、2005年とEngadgetがBest
Tech Blogに選ばれるなど 、Weblogs , Inc.の目玉として急成長した。そして2005年にAOLがEngadgetをWeblogs,Inc.ごと2500万ドルで買収、現在はAOL傘下の商用サイトになっている。
Ittousai氏は、どういういきさつ でEngadget Japaneseを引き受けることになったのだろう。
「 最初は 米 国Engadgetの1読者だったんですけど、そのうち日本語のサイトができて。最初のころは日本語を勉強して身につけた向こうのインターンの学生みたいなのがやってましたから、機械翻訳サイトだろうとずっと思われてたんです（笑）。日本版ができたとき何人か編集者が居たんですけど、これが知り合いだったのと、バックエンドとかサイトのデザインとか含めてこれじゃ世界のEngadgetとしてイカンだろというところがすごくあったので、いろいろ意見とか送ってたんですね。そしたらじゃあお前がやれ、ということになって」( Ittousai氏 )
現 在Engadgetの世界展開は、スペイン、中国、日本。本家米国とあわせると4カ国語で展開している。経営は国によってそれぞれ事情が違い、国によって成功したり、誰かが私物化しておかしなサイトになってたり(日本)ということのようである。
「前職というか今もそうなんですけど、サラリーマンのWebエンジニアみたいなものでした。ライティング自体は学生のころからアルバイトでずっとやってたんで、それの延長みたいな感じですけど。以前暇なときは、スラッシュドット・ジャパンに変な発明のサイトとかを見つけては投稿してたんですけど、その代わりにEngadgetに書いてるような感じです」( Ittousai氏 )
1|2|3 次のページへ
Infosec Security features introduced in Windows Vista will make setting up PCs to boot in either Linux or Windows far more difficult , according to security guru Bruce Schneier .
Vista is due to feature hardware - based encryption , called BitLocker Drive Encryption , which acts as a repository to protect sensitive data in the event of a PC being either lost or stolen .
This encryption technology also has the effect of frustrating the exchange of data needed in a dual boot system .
" You could look at BitLocker as anti-Linux because it frustrates dual boot , " Schneier told El Reg .
Schneier said Vista will bring forward security improvements , but cautioned that technical advances are less important than improvements in how technology is presented to users .
" The fundamental security problems have been solved and now it 's all about making the technology work .
Installation , implementation , and update are key .
A lot of work needs to be done on the user interface , " he said .
Schneier is concerned at the possibility that Vista users might be bombarded with " endless " warning messages .
Overexposure to messages will lead many consumers to ignore them and blindly agree to what applications are seeking to do , he added .
Schneier made his comment during an appearance at the Infosec conference in London on Wednesday . ®
By Sarah Morris
BBC News , Washington
Daniel Ruefly triggered the bridge 's destruction
Watch the demolition
Daniel Ruefly was judged the driver who had suffered most from congestion at Washington DC 's notorious and reviled Woodrow Wilson drawbridge .
It was a well - known traffic blackspot on the huge 10 - lane beltway that circles the capital .
But at midnight Mr Ruefly flicked the switch that brought it crashing down .
Tonnes of explosives blew the bridge into pieces , making way for a new , higher bridge , double the width , which should end the massive tailbacks .
Mr Ruefly was picked for the job as he was judged to have had the worst commuting experience there .
A series of explosions brought the bridge crashing down
Not only did he spend three hours a day sitting in traffic , largely thanks to the bridge , but it nearly cost him his life .
The ambulance taking him to hospital after a serious car accident got stuck there and he almost died .
He said he did not bear a grudge against the bridge but it was truly an honour to be responsible for it going up in smoke .
In Seattle , a charismatic pastor draws tattooed musicians and other hipster youth to his mushrooming megachurch with a countercultural message that is culturally liberal , yet theologically conservative .
At a Bible class in Colorado Springs , Colo. , a first lieutenant teaches Army and Air Force servicemen a fundamentalist versionof the " End Times " ( the end of the world depicted in Revelation ) , and deems the US military God 's missionary tool in Iraq .
In Council Bluffs , Iowa , skateboaders on an Extreme Tour put on a half - pipe show for local kids , then tell them about Jesus and a cool kind of church developing in skate parks .
Out in Virginia 's horse country , Patrick Henry College shapes young people with an intensely " biblical worldview " ; then it sends them straight into internships in the White House and Congress .
Welcome to the Evangelical youth movement .
Or what Lauren Sandler calls " the Disciple Generation " – an ever - growing population of young Evangelicals , ages 15 to 35 , " who are equally obsessed with Christ and with culture as a means to an Evangelical end . "
Formerly a reporter for National Public Radio , Ms. Sandler had encountered many Christian groups during her travels .
But as Evangelicals became more influential in politics , she set out to scout in depth the evolving youth movement .
What she found surprised and disturbed her , an avowed secularist and nonbeliever who was barely 30 herself .
Her first book not only presents vivid , spirited sketches of a burgeoning subculture , but also a plea to fellow secularists to wake up and proffer an alternative .
In Righteous : Dispatches from the Evangelical Youth Movement , Sandler explores a movement of astonishing diversity in which " dreadlocks ally with buzz cuts , " three - piece suits with punk rockers , Mohawks with computer nerds , all " organizing against anything that challenges the perceived literal perfection of the Bible . "
The secular world , she admits , " has left a vacuum yawning in modernity 's barren atmosphere , " and avid Evangelicals have rushed to fill it .
While always forthright about beingat odds with the worldview of the young Evangelicals she tracks , the author writes with keen insight and empathy about those involved in a range of youth ministries .
Whether camping out at the Cornerstone rock festival or mixing it up at a hip - hop club , she describes how they reach out to confused , rebellious , and vulnerable young people , and offer them both certainty and a sense of belonging .
It 's a certainty built on a mix of anti-institutionalism and biblical literalism .
It markets " outsiderness " and mobilizes resentment against the secu- lar world .
Some youths become fervent antiabortionists in the Rock for Life movement .
Others sign up for a military - style boot camp to join the army of Teen Mania and its " Battlecry " against pop culture .
Many find the belonging they desire , but often at a cost , she insists .
Young married women at Seattle 's Mars Hill Church must give up a career and stay home to raise children , serving as the " lovely helper " to the " manly man " in the family ( though some admit they 're inclined otherwise ) .
Students at Patrick Henry live a restricted lifestyle and follow a curriculum so controlled that even some Christian professors recently resigned in protest .
In a world increasingly out of control , many young people " want liberation from liberation , " Sandler finds .
" A complicated world gives rise to an extraordinary yearning for the literal . "
Scores of young people tell her of their moments of conversion and their new commitments .
Most have taken up " relationship evangelism " – developing relationships as a means to reach people for Christ .
" Once bonds are forged over a beloved band or football team , " Sandler writes , " then the Evangelical ' message ' can work its way into a relationship ... [ what one Evangelical ] calls being ' sneaky deep . ' "
Her new young acquaintances are frequently disappointed that the time they spend with the journalist does n't end in her conversion .
Yet Sandler is touched by many of them – outraged by the more manipulative , but moved by the genuinely loving , such as one Extreme Tour leader selflessly devoted to aiding troubled skaters .
Experiencing the intense communal atmosphere of a two - hour worship with heart - stopping music – people swaying and hollering and dropping to their knees – she comes emotionally close to yielding to the kind of moment so many have told her about .
" If I had been younger , teetering in my own sense of purpose , and less steeped in the literature , I have no doubt – they could have had me , " she writes .
The American Evangelical movement is broad , ranging from fundamentalists to liberals .
The " emerging church " involving young pastors using new forms to reach postmodern youth , is also varied .
Yet Sandler 's extensive travels convince her that " not for a moment can we overlook the fact that the Disciple Generation is foremost a growing fundamentalist population .
The apocalyptic imagination , the annihilation of the individual , the subjugation of women , the resistance to competing ideas – all these startling facets ... are conventional aspects of fundamentalism of any kind .... "
Sandler 's final chapter calls on secularists to recognize youths ' hunger for love and meaning and to respond with alternatives .
What parallel institutions she has in mind are n't clear , and her expectations are less convincing than her skilled reporting and acute perceptions .
Perhaps another book could shed valuable light on effective endeavors already under way by different religious and secular groups equally devoted to young people .
• Jane Lampman is a Monitor staff writer .
IN THE 1940s a philosopher called Carl Hempel showed that by manipulating the logical statement “ all ravens are black ” , you could derive the equivalent “ all non -black objects are non-ravens ” .
Such topsy - turvy transformations might seem reason enough to keep philosophers locked up safely on university campuses , where they can not do too much damage .
However , a number of computer scientists , led by Fernando Esponda of Yale University , are taking Hempel 's notion as the germ of an eminently practical scheme .
They are applying such negative representations to the problem of protecting sensitive data .
The idea is to create a negative database .
Instead of containing the information of interest , such a database would contain everything except that information .
The concept of a negative database took shape a couple of years ago , while Dr Esponda was working at the University of New Mexico with Paul Helman , another computer scientist , and Stephanie Forrest , an expert on modelling the human immune system .
The important qualification concerns that word “ everything ” .
In practice , that means everything in a particular set of things .
What interested Dr Esponda was how the immune system represents information .
Here , “ everything ” is the set of possible biological molecules , notably proteins .
The immune system is interesting , because it protects its owner from pathogens without needing to know what a pathogen will look like .
Instead , it relies on a negative database to tell it what to destroy .
It learns early on which biological molecules are “ self ” , in the sense that they are routine parts of the body it is protecting .
Whenever it meets one that is “ not self ” and thus likely to be part of a pathogen , it destroys it .
In Hempel 's terms , this can be expressed as “ all non -good agents [ pathogens ] are non-self ” .
The analogy with a computer database is not perfect .
The set of possible biomolecules is not infinite , but it is certainly huge , and probably indeterminable .
The immune system does not care about this , because it has to recognise only what is not in its own database .
Make one adjustment , though , and you have something that might work for computers .
That adjustment is to define “ everything ” as a finite set , all of whose members can be known — for instance , all phrases containing a fixed maximum number of characters .
A database of names , addresses and Social Security numbers ( a common form of identification in America ) might require only 200 characters to contain all possible combinations .
That would limit the total number of character combinations .
A positive database containing all the data in question would be a small subset of those combinations .
The negative counterpart of this database would be much larger and contain all possible names and addresses that were not in the positive database plus a lot of gibberish .
But it would not be infinite .
By looking at the negative database , it would be possible to deduce what was in the positive database it complemented .
That would not guarantee security against a search for the presence or absence of a particular name and address .
Indeed , the whole point is that such searches should be possible .
But it would prevent fishing expeditions by making it impossible , for example , to look for the Social Security numbers of all the people living on one street .
Dr Esponda sees great potential for using negative databases when there is a need to look at the intersection of many sets of data owned by different parties .
Two or more banks , for example , might wish to work out which transactions they have in common without revealing the whole contents of their databases .
Using negative databases to do this would , according to Dr Esponda , provide a robust back - up to traditional cryptography , which relies on codes that can be broken .
An interesting extension of the idea might be to use negative surveys to collect sensitive information privately .
Dr Esponda gives the example of a negative survey in which respondents are asked to tick the box of one sexually transmitted disease they do not have .
He reckons that this would be sufficient to estimate the population frequency of each disease , without having to ask people whether they actually suffer from such diseases — which is intrusive and also invites lying .
As he puts it : “ In Hindu philosophy , to find out who you are , you ask what are you not .
Then you are left with what you are . ”
Friends , it ’s been a while .
Aurgasm launched in 2004 and soon after was one of the top 50 music blogs online , with thousands of music lovers visiting daily .
But things change .
The posts have slowed down .
And over the past 4 months , most posts were totally missing .
( Sorry about that , but I ’ve now painstakingly restored as much as I could ! )
We do n’t plan to post new artists , but the site will stay online for you .
Also , if you ’d enjoy a more varied tour on the past 14 years of Aurgasm , you can now poke through the archive in random order :
➡ http://aurgasm.us/?random
Hugs and hearts to all the Aurgasm fans out there . 💖
By Jonathan Duffy
BBC News Magazine
As recently as the 1950s , heroin was a popular medicine prescribed by family doctors .
But growing fears about the drug 's addictiveness led to the start of it becoming criminalised , 50 years ago this week .
" The Case for Heroin " - so ran the headline for the Times leader column of Tuesday , 14 June 1955 .
In the course of a short , lucid article the newspaper which had long been the mouthpiece of Establishment Britain set out its argument in favour of heroin .
In the context of all that has happened since , from heroin 's link with violent crime to the transfer of HIV among users who share needles , as well as countless other social ills , such an article today would seem unthinkable in all but the most libertarian of newspapers .
HEROIN CLAMPDOWN
Globally , the clampdown of heroin was in full swing by the mid 1950s
In 1956 the US made the supply of heroin to a minor a capital offence UK one of the few countries where diamorphine ( heroin ) still available on prescription
It is still prescribed to about 1 % ( about 500 people ) of addicts as treatment Macfarlan Smith is the only legal producer in the UK ( Source : Dr Tom Carnwath )
But in mid-1950s Britain , the spectre of drug addiction was a long way from the top of the public 's concerns .
In fact , as the Times editorial states , in 1955 there were only 317 addicts to " manufactured " drugs in the whole of Britain , of which just 15 % were dependent on heroin .
That 's a national total of 47.5 heroin addicts .
History , regrettably , does not record the precise circumstances of the half - addict .
By contrast , in the US , where heroin was outlawed in 1925 , it was said to be a " major social problem " .
But who were this handful of heroin addicts ?
According to Dr James Mills , a historian who has traced drug use through the 20th century , they tended to be doctors or middle - class patients who could afford to sustain a habit .
" In the 1930s , it was really the well - to - do crowd .
The working classes might have a bit of heroin in the medicine prescribed to them but it would n't be enough to form a dependency , " says Dr Mills .
Clearly , the fact heroin was legal and widely prescribed for common ailments such as coughs , colds and diarrhoea , as well as a pain killer , had not led to the sort of widespread dependency that opponents of legalisation fear it would do if legalised today .
In fact , heroin 's emergence on to the medical stage was so low - key it effectively sat on the shelf for 20 years .
First synthesised in 1874 by an English chemist , from morphine ( an opiate ) and acetic anhydride , and medically known as diacetylmorphine , it was picked up by the German drugs firm Bayer in 1898 .
The name heroin probably derives from the German word heroisch , which means powerful .
And it certainly was , with tests proving it was up to eight times stronger a painkiller than morphine .
Bad reputation During the 19th Century , opiates had become a valuable commodity for British - run India , where they were grown and sold to China , which was home to millions of opium addicts .
Although this trade began to decline in the early 20th century , the rise of opiate - based medicines was encouraged by the British .
Jazz greats had known habits
But in the US it was already starting to get a bad reputation as an addictive drug that could produce intense euphoria .
The Americans set about banning this dangerous new narcotic and put pressure on other countries to do the same .
In the UK , however , there was great resistance from medics who celebrated heroin 's analgesic qualities .
Nevertheless , the Home Office set up a drugs branch and began keeping tabs on the small number of heroin abusers .
In the 1930s , this amounted to little more than " one very small circle of heroin addicts " , according to Henry " Bing " Spear , who became the government 's anti-drug enforcement chief .
According to Spear , the group 's three leaders had picked up their habit in mainland Europe and returned there to restock with heroin .
Selling brown " They met at chemists and doctors ' surgeries , " according to Richard Davenport - Hines , in his book The Pursuit of Oblivion .
" There was a bit of borrowing and lending but no evidence of widespread selling . "
Photos of addict Rachel 's body were used in an anti-heroin campaign " The police had a very tight rein on what was going on .
The Home Office kept a register of addicts and there was never more than 500 at one time , " says Dr James Mills .
After WWII , the illegal drugs scene began to take off in the UK , but was mainly confined to cannabis .
In the US , however , heroin , despite being illegal , was finding its way into the bohemian jazz scene .
Musicians such as Miles Davis , Charlie Parker and Billie Holiday all had documented habits .
Britain was tame by comparison , says be -bop trumpeter Dizzy Reece , who came to London in 1948 , aged 17 .
" You never saw [ heroin ] in the clubs .
Sure , some people were taking it but it was in private , at their house , " says Reece , speaking from his home in New York .
" But I do remember people queuing up outside Boots chemist in Piccadilly Circus at midnight to get their heroin pills , on prescription .
They called them ' jacks ' - heroin pills . "
What illegal activity there was , was pounced on by the police who launched a sting in September 1951 , after hearing that a man named " Mark " was selling " white drugs " in London 's West End .
The man - real name Kevin Patrick Saunders - was arrested and found to have supplied heroin to 14 people .
By the mid 50s , international pressure was growing on the Eden government to ban heroin manufacture , imports and exports .
And despite committing to such action in 1955 , it retreated from the ban on manufacturing in response to doctors ' protests , and , perhaps , the Times 's leader column .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
As a former drug addict it may be thought I would be in favour of bans and the such like .
However , I know from bitter experience the illegality surrounding heroin misuse made my problems worse .
Some way of removing heroin from the hands of unscrupulous drug dealers and into the control of some form of official body is the only way to stem the widespread damage been caused to society at present .
If heroin use can't be stopped ( as has been shown with prohibition ) safer methods of control must be put into place .
I nave had to deal with deaths , violence and many things unimaginable to many .
Dependancy should not place any individual outside of ' normal ' society .
The reasons for people from all walks of life becoming addicted are far too complex for it just to be seen as only the problem of those involved in it .
Ben Mc C , Llandaff , Cardiff , UK Heroin , under its medical name Diamorphine , remains on the British National Formulary and is a strong painkiller used extensively in a wide range of patients ; from post - operative cases to patients dying of cancer .
Within it 's legal confines , it is a very good drug but because of the social issues most other countries ( including the US ) do not have it on their formularies .
I 'm glad that we in Britain have access to such an effective drug .
I agree that it needs to remain banned from general use or from use in cough mixtures etc. like in the 40's
Vivek Misra , Manchester , UK
My parents used to have lodgers staying when I was a boy , always young doctors temporarily working at a nearby hospital .
I can recall , presumably in my early teens , one of them discussing the issue of banning heroin with my parents , and expressing regeret that the ban was coming in because there was nothing to compare with it for caring for dying patients , I can recall the converstaion quite clearly , and the name of the young doctor , whom I liked because he took me fishing .
David Evans , Southend on Sea I arrive to Australia after 10 years of heroin addiction that took me all over the worl for cheap drugs or for treatment plans ...
Finally , the magic bullet for me and for thousand of other addicts came in the form of an implant with a opiate blocker . ( bupremorphin ) at that time only legal in 2 - 3 countries worldwide Each implant allows you to be clean for 6 to 9 months .
It saved my life !
I am now a much productive member of society , I have my business and my family back .
It is possible , search for options .... happy and clean in Spain
AZ , spain I find it strange that there were so few heroin ' addicts ' when it was a legal substance - surely this has to do with the public 's lack of disposable income and more defined idea of what was right or wrong at the time rather than an argument for the legalisation of a drug which ruins people 's lives .
Sam , manchester
So in the UK it was legal and not a problem ; in america it was illegal and a " major social problem " , all that intense euphoria and all .
then they band it in the UK and now it is a huge " problem " .
Am i the only one who can put two and two together to make four ?
Lachlann Rattray , Glasgow I can't work out what relevence the photograph of Rachel Whitear has to this article , since the article does not go much beyond 1955 in scope ( and no mention of Rachel 's unfortnuate demise , or recent anti-heroin campaigning is made in the article ) .
mark , London I get the feeling that most of our drug laws are based on pressure from the USA .
They have strong flavour of schizophrenic American puritansim about them .
They love a war the septics .
War on this , war on that .
Strange coves .
steve , edinburgh
All drugs should be decriminalised .
This would reduce crime in this country by over 50 % and only result in a small increase in addiction .
Most people are like myself and would not touch drugs with a barge pole and a lot of youngsters only get on to it now just to be anti-establishment .
Cut the connection with crime and we can all sleep safer in our beds .
Kelvin Philpott , Yate , Bristol , England
That 's where they went wrong , the government should have taxed it , not banned it .
Legal and heavily - taxed would have made it less attractive than the thrill of something illegal .
Plus it would be helping to pay for the problems it causes rather than being a drain on society .
Dave , Cambridge UK
It does make you wonder what we use today , that people 50 years from now will be saying " how could they allow that ? "
Alan Jordan , Derby
Ah , prohibition , ignorance , fear , moral posturing ... all have much to answer for .
Paul Angel , Preston , England the arguements against drugs are artificial .
some drugs are legitimate , alcohol being the major one while others have been made illegal .
This allows for the price to the consumer to rise while enabling huge profits for the drug " companies " who bear a higher risk .
the government can inflate it 's spending to cover a myriad of ills associated with drugs and the fight against drugs but which would be dramatically reduced if all drugs were legalised .
petty theft and prostitution would certainly drop .
government regulation could improve purity and reduce the price diverting resources to real crime and improving the social problems .
sounds easy ?
government has a vested interest in maintaining this fiction .
Gerry O'Neill , wayne , nj usa I find it interesting that more recently experiments have been performed with getting people off Heroin addictions by prescribing them pure Heroin .
Sounds odd but they had a resounding success .
This is exactly what they used to do for people who got addicted because of an operation .
This experiment was shutdown under US pressure .
Now look at us .
We prescribe a far far more dangerous drug and wonder why the heroin addicts are n't interested in taking it .
More and more peope are becoming Heroin addicts .
Oscar , Oxford Heroin is a disgusting drug , there are some things that you are not supposed to put into your body .
The story of Rachel 's experience was disturbing and I was compelled to buy the newspaper with the story in .
I feel that help should be given to those who need it and not a drugs allowance , this only makes the matter worse .
The sooner people realise this and start caring the sooner drugs crime will go down and people will come off of the streets .
In a state such as an addict nothing matters except filfilling the withdrawl , there is no moral sense of right and wrong .
I have seen this as in Bristol the problem is particularily bad .
Suz , age 17 , Bristol I wonder if the huge rise in addiction since the 50s is due to heroin ( and cocaine etc ) being criminalised .
Once it was illegal to supply the price went up making it worthwhile for criminal gangs to set up supply and distribution networks .
Of course , the fact that it was illegal made it attractive to many younger people , providing a market .
Now , I believe , the price is relatively cheap , but the suppliers now have such a huge market that they can afford a ' stack it high , sell it cheap ' marketing strategy .
Paul Braham , southampton
The German word heroisch does not in fact mean powerful , but heroic .
Louisa Wagner , Basel Switzerland Heroin , however , remains available as a powerful analgesic medicine in the UK ( known as diamorphine ) .
Sadly its toxicity when misused was demonstrated by Dr Harold Shipman .
Roger I Hickling , Godmanchester , UK
You make light of the half - addict : and I applaud your tacit support of numeracy .
Points West ( the BBC regiona lnews programme for the South West ) recently had a piece about drug abuse amongst prostitues in Bristol .
The presenter claimed that " there are 200 women working as prostitutes , of whom almost all , 99.9 % , have a drug problem " .
Presumably someone out there has a left leg that 's gone straight ?
j grant , Bristol Many people who tell us that " one hit of heroin and you 're hooked " are people who have also had the stuff : it is used as " pre-meds " for many operations , and as a painkiller by paramedics .
Tobacco is far more addictive than any illegal drug .
Simon Richardson , London , UK
While no - one doubts the addictive properties of opiates , and the health dangers that it can pose to users , it 's interesting that many of the " social problems " attributed to it are a side - effect of it being illegal .
What if total decriminalisation meant a big drop in crime , a reduction in the scale of profits to criminals , a consequent reduction in gun crime and other gang - related problems ?
And what if the flipside was a large increase in the number of registered addicts ?
Would you trade the lives of the poor unfortunate addicts for a safer , lower - crime society ?
I think I would .
David , Sunderland , U.K .
Do n't forget that it was because of the drugs trade to China that Britain leased Hong Kong until 1997 .
In the 19th century Christian Missionaries used to preach and then go and sell opium .
I wonder what things of the 21st century will be incongruous to the people of the 23rd century ?
John Airey , Peterborough , UK Legalise + Distribute = Control .
Dan Fortesque , Windermere UK
We now know more about the dangers of this drug but despite this many people do not seem to take any notice .
education needs to be improved on how different drugs work and what the legal system does about it .
j hunt , helsby
This begs the question then of ' what has changed since the time when it was readily available ' ?
If we had so few addicts when it could be obtained , have we made it appealing to the young because we have told them they should n't take it ?
Are we by ploughing so much into tracking down ' drug lords ' , really attacking the symptom rather than the cause ?
Certainly by making it cheap to get hold of there would be less of a need to steal to feed an addiction and the funds released could be put into providing something more appealing than laying around a room getting high .
Niave ?
Well the current methods are not working so who is to say this would be any worse ?
Andrew Paine , Reading I remember seeing the picture of Rachel when i was younger , it disturbed me so much .
Looking on the website now and seeing it again years later , it still made me feel sick .
Anything which could do the same thing as heroin did to that girl is horrific and is right to be banned .
i had no idea that heroin was so widely used in the U.K to cure such things as diarrohea .
But then i'm sure people in the future would be shocked by some of the things we still to do today , smoking for example .
James Clough , Altrincham
" In the context of all that has happened since , from heroin 's link with violent crime to the transfer of HIV among users who share needles " - actually , an effective case could be made that the links with crime and the rise in HIV / addiction is owing to heroin 's prohibition , rather than its existence .
To what extent were criminal gangs involved in heroin 's distribution before it was declared illegal ?
David Clifford , Cambridge , UK I think all drugs should be legalised and their use supervised .
Governments should manage the production and distribution of drugs .
The result ?
An enormous reduction in crime and disease in the Western world and a contribution to the stability of the producer countries .
Addicts would be visible to the authorities , who would be in a better position to offer them medical and other assistance .
To enact this , however , would require a brave politician , a commodity as scarce as hen 's teeth .
Jennifer Thibault , Juvignac , France Prohibition works !
simon , Bath
When drugs could be obtained legally , in the 19th and early 20th centuries , there was no drug epidemic , and there were no profits for the drug pushers .
Now , after 50 years of legislation , the problem is out of control .
Nuff said ?
Ian , London
The only answer is a zero tollerance approach .
A minimum of 40 years for supply and 5 for posession , with no remission or parole .
Forget the addicts .
No -one MADE them take it in the first place , it was their choice .
Lock them up and let them sweat it out .
They are worthless theiving scum at best .
For those that get out then re-affend they should re-introduce the death penalty .
It is the only way to clean our streets .
John Smith , Elgin , Scotland
That it a really interesting story .
I never would have thought that heroin was ever legal !
I guess the law has to sprout from somewhere eh ?
Lisa , Ireland Makes you wonder what " prescribed " drugs of today could be the heroin of the future .
heather , middlesbrough Despite the fact that I 'm niether a Christian or an entirely law - abiding citizen I still agree with the Bible when it says that addiction is the sin , not the drug itself .
Moses Clavier , Salford , UK Britain still has a relatively relaxed attitude to medical heroin .
My mother was given two injections of it after a 26 hour labour ( me ! ) rather than morphine because of the intensity of the pain .
In contrast German doctors often refuse to prescribe morphine to cancer patients in the last weeks of their lives in case they become addicted .
Peter , Nottingham
My mum always says that she was given heroin by doctors whilst giving birth to my sister in 1958 .
Does anybody know if this is true ?
( She also surprised me by saying it was amazing and can understand why people get addicted to it . )
Adam , Madrid
This program makes perfect sence ..... Why allow people to continue suffering the way they do day in day out when this could be done for all users .
I as many want a normal day but cant when i have to use methadone it dosent work for me and i have to continue breaking the law just to get through a day .
This way would also mean that i to could return to work which is what i want to do .
jo , newbury , england
You take away the criminal element , put heroin on prescription to those that need it when they need , it would cut crime , violence all the heart ache associated with it , still there are so many stupid people out there and education into the subject rather than public uproar would be a better option .
the poppy lover , Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Senators Snatch Defeat From Jaws of Victory : U.S. to be First Nation to Authorize Violations of Geneva
Marty Lederman
I hope that that headline is a gross exaggeration , but based on a few quick seconds perusing the " compromise " on Common Article 3 , I 'm afraid it 's not .
[ The Administration appears to agree .
Stephen Hadley was crowing to reporters within minutes that the bill would authorize the CIA " program " to " go forward . "
And a " senior administration official " -- apparently Dan Bartlett -- told the Washington Post " that Bush essentially got what he asked for in a different formulation that allows both sides to maintain their concerns were addressed .
' We kind of take the scenic route , but we get there , ' the official said . " ]
[ NOTE : I will be updating this post as we learn more , and if I have any time to parse the language more closely .
I would dearly love if my initial impression -- and Hadley 's -- is proven to be dead wrong .
So I sincerely invite folks from the Senate staffs and elsewhere to write in with comments and corrections .
The fine and careful folks over at Human Rights First are painting it as a significant victory for McCain , going so far as to argue that " the language in today ’s agreement makes clear that ‘ alternative interrogation procedures ’ such as stress positions , induced hypothermia and waterboarding are not only prohibited by the treaty , they are war crimes . "
I would really like this to be true .
But , as of now , at least , I do n't quite see it .
And , what 's far more important , obviously the Administration does n't see it that way , either .
Am I missing something obvious ?
Which provisions of the new WCA , exactly , would prohibit stress positions and induced hypothermia -- not to mention sleep deprivation and threats ? ]
[ P.S. Thanks to Bobby Chesney for the clean link .
And here is a link to the Agreements on Classified Information , Self Incrimination and Coercion , and Hearsay , in military commission trials . ]
Language below .
It 's not subtle at all [ UPDATE :
The way in which the bill excludes the CIA techniques from " cruel treatment " is rather subtle , and important : I discuss it here ] .
It only takes 30 seconds or so to see that the Senators have capitulated entirely , that the U.S. will hereafter violate the Geneva Conventions by engaging in Cold Cell , Long Time Standing , etc. , and that there will be very little pretense about it .
In addition to the elimination of habeas rights in section 6 , the bill would delegate to the President the authority to interpret " the meaning and application of the Geneva Conventions " " for the United States , " except that the bill itself would define certain " grave breaches " of Common Article 3 to be war crimes .
Some Senators apparently are taking comfort in the fact that the Administration 's interpretation would have to be made , and defended , publicly .
That 's a small consolation , I suppose ; but I 'm confident the creative folks in my former shop at OLC -- you know , those who concluded that waterboarding is not torture -- will come up with something .
After all , the Administration is already on record as saying that the CIA " program " can continue under this bill , so the die apparently is cast .
And the courts would be precluded from reviewing it .
[ UPDATE : As I explain here , on closer inspection the more serious problem is not so much the delegation of some unreviewable interpretive authority to the President ( troubling though that is ) , but instead that the legislation itself would define " cruel treatment " far too narrowly , so as apparently to exclude the CIA 's " alternative " techniques , no matter how cruel they are in fact .
I hear word that Senator McCain thinks the bill 's definition of " grave breaches " of Common Article 3 covers the " alternative " CIA techniques .
I hope he can make that interpretation stick somehow , but on my quick [ first two ] readings of the language , it still seems to me as if it 's carefully crafted to exclude the CIA techniques .
See , most importantly , the limiting language defining " serious physical pain or suffering , " which is carefully drafted to exclude the CIA techniques such as Cold Cell and Long Time Standing . ]
And then , for good measure -- and this is perhaps the worst part of the bill , for purposes going far beyond the questions of torture and interrogation -- section 7 would preclude courts altogether from ever interpreting the Geneva Conventions -- any part of them -- by providing that " no person may invoke the Geneva Conventions or any protocols thereto in any habeas or civil action or proceeding to which the United States , or a current or former officer , employee , member of the Armed Forces , or other agent of the United States , is a party as a source of rights , in any court of the United States or its States or territories . "
[ UPDATE : I 've heard some people argue that this language would retain the power of courts to construe Geneva in a criminal proceeding .
That remains to be seen ( the language is not clear ) .
But even if that 's so , it 's not at all obvious how or why the question of the meaning and application of Common Article 3 would ever be one that a court would have occasion to resolve in a criminal proceeding . ]
If I 'm right , and if this is enacted , the only hope would be the prospect of the Supreme Court holding that both the habeas cut - off , and the " no person may invoke Geneva " provision , are unconstitutional .
[ UPDATE :
In the post above , I tentatively conclude that what 's most alarming and radical about the " compromise " is the statutory definition of " cruel treatment , " and the foreclosure of both judicial review and any judicial consideration of any question dealing with Geneva interpretation . ]
See
Here 's the language :
AGREEMENT UPON COMMON ARTICLE 3
SEC .
7 . TREATY OBLIGATIONS NOT ESTABLISHING GROUNDS FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS .
( a) IN GENERAL .
No person may invoke the Geneva Conventions or
any protocols thereto in any habeas or civil action or proceeding to
which the United States , or a current or former officer , employee ,
member of the Armed Forces , or other agent of the United States , is a
partyas a source of rights , in any court of the United States or its
States or territories .
( b) GENEVA CONVENTIONS DEFINED .
In this section , the term " Geneva
Conventions " means
( 1 ) the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the
Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field , done at Geneva August 12 ,
1949 ( 6 UST 3217 ) ;
( 2 ) the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the
Wounded , Sick , and Shipwrecked Members of the Armed Forces at Sea , done
at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3217 ) ;
( 3 ) the Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War ,
done at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3316 ) ; and
( 4 ) the Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons
in Time of War , done at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3516 ) .
SEC .
8 . IMPLEMENTATION OF TREATY OBLIGATIONS .
( a) (1 ) IN GENERAL .
The acts enumerated in subsection 2441 ( d ) of
title 18 , United States Code , as amended by subsection ( b ) of this
section , and in subsection ( c ) of this section , constitute violations of
Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions prohibited by United States
law .
(2) PROHIBITION ON GRAVE BREACHES .
The provisions in section 2441
of title 18 , United States Code , as amended by this section , fully
satisfy the obligation under Article 129 of the Third Geneva Convention
for the United States to provide effective penal sanctions for grave
breaches which are encompassed in Common Article 3 in the context of an
armed conflict not of an international character .
No foreign or
international sources of law shall supply a basis for a rule of decision
in the courts of the United States in interpreting the prohibitions
enumerated in subsection 2441 ( d ) .
(3) INTERPRETATION BY THE PRESIDENT .
( A ) As provided by the
Constitution and by this section , the President has the authority for the
United States to interpret the meaning and application of the Geneva
Conventions and to promulgate higher standards and administrative
regulations for violations of treaty obligations which are not grave
breaches of the Geneva Conventions .
( B) The President shall issue such interpretations by Executive
Order published in the Federal Register , and such orders shall be
authoritative ( as to non-grave breach provisions ) as a matter of United
States law , in the same manner as other administrative regulations .
(C) Nothing in this section shall affect the constitutional
functions and responsibilities of Congress and the judicial branch of
the United States .
( b) REVISION TO WAR CRIMES OFFENSE UNDER FEDERAL CRIMINAL CODE . ( 1 )
Section 2441 of title 18 , United States Code , is amended
( A ) in subsection ( c ) , by striking paragraph ( 3 ) and
inserting the following new paragraph ( 3 ) :
(3 ) which constitutes a grave breach of Common Article 3 as
defined in subsection ( d ) when committed in the context of and in
association with an armed conflict not of an international
character ; or ;
( B ) by adding at the end the following new subsection :
(d) COMMON ARTICLE 3 VIOLATIONS .
(1) PROHIBITED CONDUCT .
In subsection ( c ) ( 3 ) , the term
˜grave breach of Common Article 3 " means any conduct ( such conduct
constituting a grave breach of common Article 3 of the
international conventions does at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ) , as
follows :
( A) TORTURE .
The act of a person who commits , or
conspires or attempts to commit , an act specifically
intended to inflict severe physical or mental pain or
suffering ( other than pain or suffering incidental to lawful
sanctions ) upon another person within his custody or
physical control for the purpose of obtaining information or
a confession , punishment , intimidation , coercion , or any
reason based on discrimination of any kind .
( B) CRUEL OR INHUMAN TREATMENT .
The act of a person
who commits , or conspires or attempts to commit , an act
intended to inflict severe or serious physical or mental
pain or suffering ( other than pain or suffering incidental
to lawful sanctions ) , including seriousphysical abuse , upon
another within his custody or control .
( C) PERFORMING BIOLOGICAL EXPERIMENTS .
The act of a
person who subjects , or conspires or attempts to subject ,
one or more persons within his custody or physical control
to biological experiments without a legitimate medical or
dental purpose and in so doing endangers the body or health
of such person or persons .
( D) MURDER .
The act of a person who intentionally
kills , or conspires or attempts to kill , or kills whether
intentionally or unintentionally in the course of committing
any other offense under this section , one or more persons
taking no active part in the hostilities , including those
placed out of combat by sickness , wounds , detention , or any
other cause .
(E) MUTILATION OR MAIMING .
The act of a person who
intentionally injures , or conspires or attempts to injure ,
or injures whether intentionally or unintentionally in the
course of committing any other offense under this section ,
one or more persons taking no active part in the
hostilities , including those placed out of combat by
sickness , wounds , detention , or any other cause , by
disfiguring the person or persons by any mutilation thereof
or by permanently disabling any member , limb , or organ of
his body , without any legitimate medical or dental purpose .
( F) INTENTIONALLY CAUSING SERIOUS BODILY INJURY .
The
act of a person who intentionally causes , or conspires or
attempts to cause , serious bodily injury to one or more
persons , including lawful combatants , in violation of the
law of war .
( G) RAPE .
The act of a person who forcibly or with
coercion or threat of force wrongfully invades , or conspires
or attempts to invade , the body of a person by penetrating ,
however slightly , the anal or genital opening of the victim
with any part of the body of the accused , or with any
foreign object .
( H) SEXUAL ASSAULT OR ABUSE .
The act of a person who
forcibly or with coercion or threat of force engages , or
conspires or attempts to engage , in sexual contact with one
or more persons , or causes , or conspires or attempts to
cause , one or more persons to engage in sexual contact .
( I) TAKING HOSTAGES .
The act of a person who , having
knowingly seized or detained one or more persons , threatens
to kill , injure , or continue to detain such person or
persons with the intent of compelling any nation , person
other than the hostage , or group of persons to act or
refrain from acting as an explicit or implicit condition for
the safety or release of such person or persons .
(2) DEFINITIONS .
In the case of an offense under subsection
( a ) by reason of subsection ( c ) ( 3 )
( A ) the term ˜ severe mental pain or suffering " shall
be applied for purposes of paragraphs ( 1 ) ( A ) and ( 1 ) ( B ) in
accordance with the meaning given that term in section
2340 ( 2 ) of this title .
( B) the term ˜ serious bodily injury " shall be applied
for purposes of paragraph ( 1 ) ( F ) in accordance with the
meaning given that term in section 113 ( b ) ( 2 ) of this title .
( C ) the term ˜ sexual contact " shall be applied for
purposes of paragraph ( 1 ) ( G ) in accordance with the meaning
given that term in section 2246 ( 3 ) of this title .
( D ) the term ˜serious physical pain or suffering
means bodily injury that involves
( 1 ) a substantial risk of death ;
( 2 ) extreme physical pain ;
(3 ) a burn or physical disfigurement of a serious
nature , not to include cuts , abrasions , or bruises ; or
( 4 ) significant loss or impairment of the function
of a bodily member , organ , or mental faculty .
( E ) the term ˜ serious mental pain or suffering " shall have the same meaning as ˜ severe mental pain or suffering " as such term is defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2340 ( 2 ) , except that the term " serious " shall replace the term " severe " where it appears in such definition , and except that , as to conduct occurring following the date of enactment of the Military Commission Act of 2006 , the term " serious and non-transitory mental harm ( which need not be prolonged ) " shall replace the term " prolonged mental harm " in such definition .
(3) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO COLLATERAL DAMAGE OR INCIDENT OF LAWFUL ATTACK .
The intent
specified for the conduct stated in subparagraphs ( D ) , ( E ) , and
( F ) or paragraph ( 1 ) precludes the applicability of those
subparagraphs to an offense under subsection ( a ) by reasons of
subsection ( c ) ( 3 ) with respect to
( A ) collateral damage ; or
( B ) death , damage , or injury incident to a lawful
attack .
(4) INAPPLICABILITY OF TAKING HOSTAGES TO PRISONER
EXCHANGE .
Paragraph ( 1 ) ( I ) does not apply to an offense under
subsection ( a ) by reason of subsection ( c ) ( 3 ) in the case of a
prisoner exchange during wartime .
(2) RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY .
The amendments made by this
section , except as specified in paragraph 2441 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( E ) of title 10 ,
United States Code , shall take effect as of November 26 , 1997 , as if
enacted immediately after the amendments made by section 583 of Public
Law 105 - 118 ( as amended by section 4002 of Public Law 107-273 ) .
( c) ADDITIONAL PROHIBITION ON CRUEL , INHUMAN , OR DEGRADING TREATMENT OR
PUNISHMENT .
(1) IN GENERAL .
No individual in the custody or under the physical
control of the United States Government , regardless of nationality or
physical location , shall be subject to cruel , inhuman , or degrading
treatment or punishment .
(2) CRUEL , INHUMAN , OR DEGRADING TREATMENT OR PUNISHMENT DEFINED
.
The term " cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment or punishment " in
this subsection shall mean the cruel , unusual , and inhumane treatment or punishment prohibited by the Fifth , Eighth , and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution of the United States , as defined in the United States Reservations , Declarations and Understandings to the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Forms of Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment done at New York , December 10 , 1984 .
(3) The President shall take action to ensure compliance with this
subsection , including through the establishment of administrative rules
and procedures .
『 ＭＯＴＨＥＲ３ｉ』の配信開始を記念して開催した
「 全部できなくて当たり前 ！
『 ＭＯＴＨＥＲ３ 』マニアッククイズ！ 」
楽しんでいただけましたでしょうか？
その名にふさわしい難問ぞろいで、
製作者である糸井重里をして
「 オレにも全問正解はムリ！」と言わしめました。
みなさんは、いかがでしたか？ 応募総数はじつに3119 名！
たくさんのご参加をいただき、
本当にどうもありがとうございました！ それではまず、正解発表と参りましょう。
「 ぅわからんわぃっ！」と机に突っ伏したあなた、
正しい答えはこちらにございます。
正解率なども添えてみましたので、
どうぞのんびりご覧くださいませー！
ど、どうでしたか ？
いやあ、たいへんなむつかしさでしたね。
11問目の正解率なんて21.8パーセントですよ。
こんなに難問ぞろいだと
全問正解者なんていたのかなと
ちょっと心配になりますよね。 それがね、いらっしゃったんです。
なんと、93名も！！！
えらい！ 立派！ すばらしい！ というわけで、お約束どおり 、
93名の中から10名の方に、
3119ー93＝3026名の中から５名の方に、
糸井重里サイン入りどせいさんぬいぐるみを
差し上げます ！
ちなみに、さきほど、糸井重里には
15個のぬいぐるみにサインを入れてもらいました。
当選者は以下の方々です！
以下の15名のみなさんには
こちらからお届け先の住所をおたずねする
メールを送らせていただきますので
よろしくご返答くださいませ。
それでは、参加してくださったすべてのみなさま、
どうもありがとうございました！
あ、そうそう、参加してくださったみなさまに
感謝の気持ちをこめて、壁紙をつくってみました。
どうぞ、ご自由に、ダウンロードしてくださいね。
それではーーー ！
陸 さま
東 洋介 さま
北浦 環 さま
炉戸 さま
後藤弘樹 さま
宮地謙太 さま
しゃくれ さま
やふくん さま
ようた さま
海悠 さま
岡部直人 さま
小野憲人 さま
中村 隆二 さま
やまもとまさお さま
石松 瑤 さま
Historian Paul Kramer revisits the Philippine - American War
It was Mark Twain who said , " History does n't repeat itself , but it does rhyme . "
Few today remember that the celebrated author was also a vocal critic of a U.S. war of empire a century ago : the invasion of the Philippines .
Historian Paul Kramer , in his new book The Blood of Government : Race , Empire , the United States and the Philippines ( University of North Carolina Press ) , details the longforgotten history of the Philippine - American War and the 40 - year occupation that followed .
He argues that the Philippine adventure in many ways " rhymes " with the current U.S. occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Among the " eerier similarities , " said Kramer , professor of history in the Krieger School of Arts and Sciences at Johns Hopkins :
A conventional invasion and speedy victory followed by an unexpected , protracted nonconventional insurgency .
Violations of human rights norms by the occupying Americans .
Repeated claims that the war was justified by and fought on behalf of higher principles of " civilization " or " freedom . "
Declarations that the war was over in hopes of ending domestic controversy about it .
The sense that it was America 's right , duty and obligation to engage in nationbuilding and installing " democracy , " of which the United States was considered an unblemished example .
" I 'm not surprised at these parallels , " Kramer said .
" Indeed , what 's remarkable is our persistence in suppressing the memory of this earlier war , a persistence that I think is all that makes debacles like the present one ' surprising . ' "
The U.S. experience in Vietnam is another example of the nation 's inability to focus on the lessons of the Philippine - American War , he said .
" In all three conflicts , " Kramer said , " U.S. officials predicted easy victories , underestimated guerrilla forces and , arrogantly assuming their objectives were universally shared , were shocked when U.S. troops were not greeted as ' liberators . ' "
Kramer describes in The Blood of Government , to be published April 17 , how the Philippine - American War began in the unsettled aftermath of the Spanish - American War , the 1898 conflict that Secretary of State John Hay dubbed " a splendid little war . "
Having declared war against Spain , the United States sent Commodore George Dewey to the Philippines , Spain 's largest Asian colony .
Dewey 's Pacific Squadron quickly defeated Spanish naval forces at Manila Bay , but the question remained , Kramer said , how U.S. forces should engage with a Philippine revolutionary movement that broke from Spain in June 1898 and declared the first republic in Asia .
U.S. forces attempted to make use of Filipino revolutionaries �who were defeating Spanish land forces in the islands �without recognizing their government .
Filipinos , they assumed , would greet U.S. forces as " liberators . "
When Spain surrendered , Filipino diplomats were not invited to treaty negotiations .
U.S. negotiators pressed Spain to relinquish " sovereignty " over the Philippines�an archipelago Spain no longer controlled �for $ 20 million .
In February 1899 , U.S. forces outside Manila fired on soldiers of the declared Philippine Republic , and the Philippine - American War began .
It would in no sense be either " splendid " or " little , " Kramer said .
It lasted more than three years , in some places as long as 10 .
It involved 126,000 U.S. troops and resulted in nearly 5,000 U.S. casualties , an estimated 12,000 Filipino military casualties and the death by violence , dislocation and disease of an estimated 250,000 Filipino civilians .
It began as a conventional struggle , but facing early defeats , Filipino leader Emilio Aguinaldo opted for guerrilla tactics in November 1899 .
U.S. generals , watching enemy forces apparently dissolve , made declarations equivalent to " mission accomplished " and an " end to major combat operations . "
But as U.S. forces occupied rural towns , they found themselves persistently attacked by guerrilla fighters supported by local peasants .
Increasingly , U.S. soldiers would see the entire population as the enemy , expressing their hatred using racial terminology like " goo - goo " ( which later evolved into the Vietnam - era " gook " ) .
They would also use increasingly harsh tactics , including the burning of whole villages and the torture of prisoners using what was called the " water cure " ( the antecedent to today 's " waterboarding " ) .
Despite military censorship , word of U.S. atrocities traveled back home and was spread by anti-war activists organized into an Anti-Imperialist League , Kramer said .
The anti-imperialists ( among them Twain , industrialist Andrew Carnegie and labor leader Samuel Gompers ) declared the U.S. invasion immoral in both its objectives and its tactics .
They made the war a central issue of the 1900 presidential race between William Jennings Bryan and incumbent William McKinley , who defended it as a war for " civilization " and " freedom . "
Anti-war activism resulted in a Senate investigation and some courtsmartial , although few were punished for war crimes .
In defending itself against critics , the administration claimed that Filipinos were not fighting a " civilized " war and were , therefore , not owed the rights of prisoners of war ; instead , they were " war rebels " whom U.S. forces could treat however they pleased .
Kramer 's 538 - page book deals both with the invasion and the occupation , telling of the first - ever attempt by U.S. forces to engage in overseas " nation - building " in collaboration with a local elite , even in the midst of ongoing violence .
" I did most of the research long before 9/11 or the U.S. invasion of Iraq , " Kramer said , " and in many ways I was overtaken by the eruption of a new , aggressive imperial moment just as I was completing my manuscript on an eerily similar one just over a century ago .
" The challenge , " he said , " has been to remain true to the idiosyncrasy and integrity of the past while trying to comment subtly and critically on the present : to allow the past and present to touch without subordinating my account of the earlier U. S. invasion to the questions being asked of the present conflict . "
GO TO APRIL 10 , 2006 TABLE OF CONTENTS .
GO TO THE GAZETTE FRONT PAGE .
In which a veteran of cultural studies seminars in the 1990's moves into academic administration and finds himself a married suburban father of two .
Foucault , plus lawn care .
For private comments , I can be reached at deandad at gmail dot com .
The opinions expressed here are my own and not those of my employer .
IF OPENING your groaning email inbox on returning from vacation fills you with dread , help is at hand .
Free software developed by Microsoft Research in Redmond , Washington , will sort through your inbox and prioritise messages from people it deems are most important to you .
The program groups emails by sender , and then prioritises senders according to the number of times that you have communicated with them recently and the frequency with which you reply to them .
So you should be able to home in on emails that are likely to be especially urgent or interesting .
Called the Social Network and …
I encourage you to pick up a pen and a piece of paper and jot down the goals you want to reach .
Look at each goal and evaluate it . …
Either the Macromedia Flash plugin was not detected on your computer , or the JavaScript features of your browser have been disabled .
You can view the standard version of the Urbanisation guide using the following link Urbanisation guide Standard version Alternatively , to view the advanced features of this page you should ensure that both the JavaScript features of your browser are enabled , and that you have downloaded the Macromedia Flash plugin .
The file is 980 k in size and will take approximately 2 minutes to download with a 56 k modem .
Click here to download the Flash plugin from the Macromedia website
This is first Russian laptop , made under the brand “ Elektronika ” .
The production started in 1991 and lasted not very long due to the high price of the device – none of the common people could afford themselves such devices .
The price for the computer was around $ 6000 , that equals 25,000 roubles according to that time ’s exchange rate , when the average salary across the country was 500 roubles ( 50 times less ! ) .
As we mentioned before in the article “ How the richest Russians became rich ” at that time there were practicaly no people who earned a lot and could afford such hardware for personal use .
It was mainly produced for larger industrial factory engineers so that they could carry it along with them and plug to the larger machines they operated .
It has been reported that not more than a thousand of such computers were produced .
The exact technical specifications are not very clear .
According to people who used them the specifications were as following :
CPU , Intel 8086 clone , with the speed of 4.47 Mhz
RAM : 1mb
Videocard : CGA
( It was such a video standard that supported only two colours , black and white )
Screen : Monochrome ( black&white ) 640×200
HDD : no exact data
Weight : approx . 10 lbs ( it was heavy ! )
And it seems the exterior was a kind of cloning attempt of Toshiba - 3100
It ’s a very rare exhibit , due to its limited production .
Many people even do n’t know that in the late 80s there were a laptop production in Russia .
Do n't think that voter suppression and other illegal election tactics will be forgotten after tonight .
Document today .
Prosecute tomorrow .
If crimes have been committed against voters , nobody 's getting away with it this time .
To that end , MoveOn.org is offering a $ 250,000 reward for evidence leading to a felony conviction :
WASHINGTON , Nov. 7 U.S. Newswire -- MoveOn.org Political Action is offering a $ 250,000 reward for new material evidence leading to a felony conviction for an organized effort of partisan voter suppression or electronic voting fraud .
Throughout the day accusations of election fraud and voter suppression incidents have been flooding into state and federal authorities throughout the country .
In Virginia , the FBI has launched a criminal investigation into charges of voter suppression .
In 20 Congressional districts , NRCC robocalls appearing to come from Democrats harassed voters with repeated calls in an apparently coordinated campaign to suppress the vote .
Complementing an earlier reward for whistleblowers , MoveOn 's reward is being offered to anyone who provides this information .
Update by kos :
The MoveOn press release omitted the email to send in the evidence : votingfraud@moveon.org .
HAPPY LABOR DAY !…. Courtesy of the Detroit Free Press , here ’s a handy map showing how far median incomes have dropped over the past six years .
And it ’s good news for most of you : Compared to Michigan and North Carolina you ’re not doing so badly after all .
So stop your sniveling .
UPDATE : This map is wrong .
Median incomes have dropped over the past six years , but not by this much .
Corrected data is here .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
In certain parts of the world , the ground is honeycombed with secret man-made tunnels and rooms .
Many of these remain secret from the general public , some of them supposedly containing what amounts to a self - contained city , including electricity production , water purification , food storage , restaurants , and living quarters for thousands of people .
Even some entire factories have been housed underground , to protect them from bombings during wartime .
A number of the subterranean bases are World War 2 and Cold War relics , long abandoned by the governments which tunneled them out .
In 1967 , Nick McCamley stumbled across such a complex in England .
He was out bicycling with a friend in the wilderness when they unexpectedly came across a curious building in the middle of nowhere .
It was standing in the middle of an open field , with no other structures evident for miles around .
It had no windows and few doors , and it had strange black pipes leading from the sides of building into the ground around it .
It appeared to be abandoned , and in disrepair .
Nick returned with another friend the following weekend to investigate further , and discovered that the main door was rotted and weak , so they coaxed it open and went inside .
Because there were no windows , the interior was in complete darkness , so they lit their way with small make - shift paper torches .
Inside , they followed a conveyor belt through rubber - flapped door which led to a steep slide that disappeared into the inky blackness below , their feeble paper torches unable to illuminate the slide ’s other end .
But they discovered too late that the slide was too steep and slippery to gain footing , and gravity got the better of them .
About 100 feet down , they reached the bottom .
Short on matches and paper , and unaware of a way back out , the boys were a bit concerned .
In the darkness , Nick groped along the wall to find his way , when his hand made purchase on some old electrical switches .
He turned a few of them , and the lights jumped to life , revealing a corridor that stretched for about half a mile .
They spent the rest of the day exploring miles and miles of abandoned rooms and corridors .
Everything worked … the lights all responded to their switches , the tunnels were air - conditioned , and the conveyor belts could be turned on ( which saved the two chaps a lot of walking ) .
There were railways which led off into long tunnels .
But there was no sign that anyone had been there in years , it seemed utterly deserted .
It was n’t until later that Nick McCamley learned where he and his friend had spent their day of adventure … a place called Monkton Farleigh .
It has originally been a limestone mine , but during World War 2 it had been converted into an ammunition storage facility .
Its tunnels were carved into about 200 acres worth of area , and it had its own electric plant .
It was served by a network of railways , including ( reportedly ) a 160 km stretch which connected to the heart of London .
A couple of years before Nick and his friend had found it , it had been completely abandoned by the British Ministry of Defense .
Nick ended up writing about his experience , and about other underground installations , in his book Secret Underground Cities .
Now , a few decades later , many more such underground facilities are coming into the public knowledge as each one ’s existence is de-classified .
Just recently , the British government put one such city up for sale , one with 60 miles of roads , it ’s own railway station , a TV studio , its own telephone exchange , and a pub called the Rose and Crown .
It was built in the late 1950s to house the Prime Minister and other government officials in the event of a nuclear attack from the Russians , and it still contains boxes of unopened 1950 ’s - era chairs , ashtrays , and tea sets .
If you ’re considering making an offer , its theoretical value is around £ 5 million ( about $ 8.73 million in US dollars ) .
For something similar , but a bit more affordable , one might consider making a home in one of the United States ’ retired Atlas missile silos .
An unfinished silo , which comes with its own private airstrip , can be had for around $ 150 grand .
Another $ 150 k or so can make it a right comfortable home , which is n’t a bad deal considering these silos have the space of a mansion ( 15,000 square feet ) , excellent natural insulation ( significantly reducing heating / cooling bills ) , and can withstand a one - megaton nuclear explosion a mile away .
I want one .
There is good reason to believe that there are thousands of secret underground facilities around the world , and some of them are quite probably actively used today .
However it is exceedingly difficult to research the topic , because most materials which discuss these facilities at any length immediately destroy their credibility by insisting that the tunnels are home to secret black - government conspirators , the Illuminati , extra terrestrials , Elvis , or some combination of the above .
But among the stories with at least a smidgen of credibility , there is evidence of US plans to build an underground airbase in World War 2 , a secret city beneath Tokyo , a Cold War bunker in Canada which has been converted into a museum , and a Continuity - of - Government facility at Mount Weather in the US .
Many others are described at abovetopsecret.com , though I put little confidence in their credibility , given their UFO - related claims .
No doubt there are hundreds of these underground installations both abandoned and in full operation ; but being secret by definition , few can be reliably accounted for .
The evening of March 29 , Katie Carroll went to a party with some of her friends .
Earlier that day , she had gone on the Arab satellite television network , Al Arabiya , to plead for her sister 's life .
When she got home that night , Katie imagined – as she had before – how great it would be if the phone would ring , and she would answer it , and it would be Jill , and this would all be over .
Just like that .
– P.G.
***
Little Hajar toddled away from the sagging bookcase holding a chapter of the Koran in her hand .
She was heading for the foot - pedaled sewing machine , where a shiny candy wrapper had caught her attention .
She grabbed the wrapper , then showed me her treasures .
She was n't yet 2 years old and was so small that our eyes were at the same level as I sat cross-legged on the floor of the house west of Fallujah .
I 'd been here almost two weeks and March was almost over .
" What 's that ?
What 's that ?
Oooh , wow , " I said , admiringly .
Hajar was great to play with despite the fact that her dress - and - jacket outfits were often smeared with yogurt or other messy food .
Sometimes she 'd bang on the door of my room to be let in .
She was my only friend , the one person in this mujahideen household not responsible for my captivity .
This time , as the candy wrapper sparkled in her hand , the door suddenly opened .
I looked up , expecting to see Hajar 's mother or father coming to bring me tea or food as usual .
Instead , I glimpsed Abu Nour 's visage as he entered .
As always , the leader of these mujahideen had come out of nowhere , like an apparition .
I cast my eyes to the ground , afraid he'd think I knew too much about his face .
Hajar collapsed into the velveteen of my dishdasha tunic and buried her face in it , afraid of this stranger .
" I know how ya feel , kid , " I thought as I stroked her fine hair and small , motionless back .
What did Ink Eyes want ?
I had n't seen him for three weeks .
He 'd promised then that he would release me in three days – a promise that had been just as worthless as the many other times he'd vowed I was on the brink of freedom .
I had learned to stop believing the promises , to protect myself from that terrible tease called hope .
I used to cling to every word Abu Nour said , analyzing them for days afterward for any hint of my fate .
Now , after almost three months of captivity , I just did n't have the mental energy to do that anymore .
Instead , all I wanted was to minimize pain and have good days .
A few minutes of playing with a child or helping women in the kitchen was an attainable goal .
Seeing my family again – that was impossibly far away , a dream .
I stroked Hajar 's hair , only half - listening to Abu Nour drone on .
I just wished he would go so Hajar and I could resume our game .
" Well , today is Monday , and tomorrow is Tuesday , " Abu Nour was saying .
" So maybe in three days we 'll let you go . "
Twenty - four hours before my release he would return and we could have a final conversation about the mujahideen , he added .
I 'd heard all this a million times .
" Oh thank you , sir , " I said , trying to smile as he left .
" Yeah , right , " I thought .
" Do n't listen to him .
Do n't get your hopes up , Jill .
Just do n't do it . "
This was my theory :
They were worried about my mental state .
Since my bitter blow - ups with the Muj Brothers , Abu Qarrar and Abu Hassan , the mujahideen seemed to think I was fragile .
Abu
Nour had n't seen me in awhile , and he had just come to say hello .
Maybe he thought a dose of false hope would keep me from doing something drastic .
It was late March .
" Dad 's birthday is May 6 , " I thought .
" If they let me out before May 6 , that will be OK .
That 's all I really want . "
Abu Nour had come on Monday .
Tuesday was OK : I got to play with Hajar .
Then Wednesday came around .
I can't remember why , but I lost it .
I sobbed the whole day .
Quietly , so they would n't hear me .
I was so tired , so worn out .
I 'd been fooling myself , thinking some days were happy .
It had been three months and I was drifting further and further away from my family , from my life .
Enough was enough .
" Let me out ! " I screamed to myself .
" Let me out ! "
That night , I was sitting in my room in the dark , all upset .
And I heard Abu Nour 's voice .
They brought me into the sitting room after dinner .
As always , I smelled his distinctive cologne before I saw him .
Abu
Nour sat cross-legged on the floor , his head bent toward the ground .
He had told me he was going to come back 24 hours before I was released .
" Tomorrow morning , we 're going to let you go , " he said .
" We 're going to drive you to the Iraqi Islamic Party and you will call your newspaper and you will be free . "
I had no reaction .
He might as well have said , " Here , have some tea . "
Then came the catch : I needed to make one more video .
And I needed to forget much of what he had told me about himself and his group , as well as much of what I had seen .
I had to forget about the Majlis , or council , of mujahideen that he had claimed to lead .
I had to say his group was medium - sized , not big , not small .
" You ca n't talk about the women and children , " said Ink Eyes .
" You have to say you were in one room the whole time and ... you were treated very well . "
I was supposed to " interview " him one last time , and he would tell me what I was supposed to say to the world .
He handed me a notebook in which I was to write down his words .
" Anything outside the notebook is forbidden , " he said .
Abu Nour wanted to make the video that night , but the power went out .
So we made it in the morning .
I did n't know then that within a day it would be on the Internet .
After the filming , they put me back in my little room .
The night before , they 'd told me that they would pay me for my computer , which they would keep , and that they would bring me a gift .
Abu Rasha , the large man who served as the head of the mujahideen cell I spent most of my time with , once had told me that when they let me go , they would give me a gold necklace , just as they had done for Giuliana Sgrena , an Italian journalist who'd been kidnapped in Baghdad in early 2005 and held for a month .
I still was n't excited .
Money and gold , that was my ticket to freedom .
I figured that if they did give me those things , then the end might truly be at hand .
Abu Nour said goodbye .
I stammered out some kind of reply .
Then I waited , and waited .
Finally , the woman of the house rushed in with new clothes for me to wear .
There were n't proper shoes , so she gave me her own black high - heeled patent leather sandals .
They fit perfectly .
They rushed me into a car waiting outside .
I still did n't have gold .
I still did n't have money .
I began to panic .
Abu Rasha was next to me in the back seat .
He leaned over me , or so it felt , as I panted , blind , beneath three black scarves .
" Jill , we asked the Americans for the women prisoners and there were none , " he said .
Normally his voice was slow and quiet ; now it was loud .
" Oh , " I said , crouched in darkness , blind , hot , and breathless .
" And then we asked the government for money , and they gave us none , " he said .
" Oh yes , I know , " I said .
" Now we 're going to kill you , " he said , agitated and close to my head .
I thought they were going to do it .
I imagined the gun .
All they 'd told me that day had been lies .
I knew I could n't be afraid .
I had to make them think they were good people who were n't capable of killing me .
I forced a laugh .
" No , Abu Rasha , you 're my brother , you would n't do that ! "
I said , trying to keep the desperation out of my voice .
He laughed , more convincingly than me .
" No , we 're not going to kill you , " he said .
" We 're going to take you to the Iraqi Islamic Party and drop you off . "
I went limp .
Tired , frozen , spent , I did n't know what was going on anymore .
I could n't make sense , could n't analyze .
I had nothing left .
We drove and drove and drove .
They kept calling on cellphones to the car ahead , to make sure the way was clear .
Finally , Abu Rasha told me to lift my scarves and keep my eyes straight down .
He started placing $ 100 bills in my hand .
For my computer , I got $ 400 , and then another $ 400 for my trouble .
Then he said , " Oh yes , we got you this , " and shoved a box into my narrow field of vision .
He opened it and pulled out a gold necklace , with a pendant attached .
The money .
The gold .
Maybe they were really going to let me go .
We switched cars .
I was in the front seat , with Abu Rasha driving .
He began a monologue , angrier than anything I had ever heard from him .
He spewed venom and expletives in English at the American military and government .
He railed against the occupation , the war , and the Abu Ghraib prison .
I assured him that I would n't tell the US military or American government that I was free , and I meant it .
I would only call my journalist friends to come get me and have them drive me to the airport .
I had spent nearly three months feverishly trying to convince my captors that I was n't a CIA agent .
If I was dropped off and immediately sought help from US officials , the mujahideen would assume that I really was a spy , I thought .
And I was afraid of what they then might do .
The mujahideen had done everything they could to drill this message into my head over the past three months :
They were omniscient , omnipotent , and omnipresent .
There was no escape from them , even in the Green Zone .
Maybe not even in the US .
Abu Nour had once told me they had eyes everywhere , and that they'd be watching me after I was released .
I 'd long imagined a car bomb crashing into a military Humvee sent to collect me .
Then Abu Rasha pulled the car up to a curb .
He handed me a note written in Arabic explaining who I was and told me to get out , lift my scarves , and walk a few hundred meters back .
The car door opened .
It was Abu Qarrar , one of my Muj Brothers guards who 'd appeared from nowhere .
He handed me my gifts and a big bag full of all the clothes I 'd accumulated over the last three months .
So my least favorite captor was the last one I saw .
I said , " OK , Abu Qarrar , OK , goodbye , goodbye . "
Then I hauled away , tottering down the road in an insurgent 's wife 's high - heeled sandals , grappling with my stuff , scarves flapping in my face , an ex-hostage bag lady returning to the world .
I found the Iraqi Islamic Party ( IIP ) office and handed the man behind the desk the note .
I was panicky , terrified , starting to shake .
I just wanted to use the phone , I mumbled in Arabic .
Instead , the man ran to notify the manager of this IIP branch office .
" The same journalist ? ! " the manager said incredulously after reading the note .
Debate over what to do with me followed .
I felt weak , lost .
All I knew was that I wanted to call my hotel .
Things moved quickly after that .
They tried to hustle me into a white car for a drive to IIP headquarters .
I resisted ; I just wanted the hotel .
I asked again to use the office phone , but was told that none of them worked .
A cellphone appeared , with a call for me .
It was Tariq al - Hashemi , the IIP leader , later to become the new government 's vice president .
I told Mr. Hashemi that I wanted him to call my hotel , and if no one from the Monitor was there , to call the Washington Post office and have them come get me .
He said he would also call the US Embassy .
I begged him not to , but he insisted .
After a few minutes , a convoy of white SUVs and trucks with flashing lights and gunmen roared into the driveway and streets around the office .
The IIP officials brought me downstairs and hurried me into a bulletproof luxury vehicle , complete with leather seats .
I realized it was Hashemi 's personal security detail .
The lights and guns and militarylike atmosphere terrified me .
I wanted to shout , " I do n't want this ! " as we zoomed away .
Things were going horribly wrong .
The mujahideen were going to see me ; they were going to kill us .
They would think I lied , that I had n't called my colleagues to come get me in a low - profile way .
I doubled over in the seat , hiding below the ledge of the tinted windows .
A man sitting next to me laughed and said , " Why are you doing this ? "
" I do n't want them to see me , " I said .
Did n't he understand ?!
I wanted to shout at them to let me out , to stop , to make the cars with the flashing lights go away .
We tore down Baghdad 's streets , a giant screaming convoy with guns sticking out everywhere .
I was terrified that every ordinary car we passed was a car bomb sent by the mujahideen to kill me for breaking my promise .
" Be careful of car bombs , be careful , " I told the man driving in Arabic .
I checked the location of the door lock and handle in case the vehicle went up in flames and I needed to get out in a hurry .
The guards looked bemused , as if I was crazy , and said not to worry .
For me , my release is one of the hardest memories of my captivity .
I do n't know why .
Suddenly , my structure was gone .
There was no one to tell me what to do .
My body was free , but my mind was not .
I was conditioned to be whatever anyone around me wanted me to be .
I had no opinions , no self - will .
I did n't know how to make decisions .
The IIP headquarters was a blur .
They wanted to make a video of me , and they had me write a letter of thanks and make an audio recording .
This was strictly to ensure that no one would accuse them of being my kidnappers , they said .
The video was then widely broadcast .
Two close friends from the Washington Post , including Ellen Knickmeyer , the Iraq bureau chief , showed up .
Someone gave me a phone , and I called my twin sister , Katie .
***
At 5:45 A.M. on March 30 , Katie was awakened by a ringing phone .
She rolled over , looked at the caller ID , and saw that someone in Iraq was trying to reach her .
In an instant , she knew .
They say that dreams come true , but seldom in life is it given to any of us to have such a perfect moment .
She grabbed the phone .
" Katie , it 's me , " said the voice on the other end of the line .
" I 'm free . " Jill and Katie both started to cry .
As the Carroll family 's chief communicator , Katie immediately launched into contact mode , calling people on a predetermined list , working from the East Coast toward the West as the sun rose .
She did n't have to call her parents .
Jim and Mary Beth Carroll got their own wake - up calls from Jill .
At the Monitor 's headquarters in Boston , the news spread quickly .
Editors began looking through the happiest of their premade plans , " Carroll Release Logistics . "
In Cairo , staff writer Dan Murphy was having lunch with a journalist colleague .
He and Scott Peterson had begun rotating in and out of Baghdad every few weeks .
A friend from Reuters sent him an instant message : " Congratulations on Jill being free . "
Mr. Murphy did n't believe it .
After all , over the course of the past months he'd had nine or so false reports of Jill 's freedom .
He called back and told his friend nothing had happened .
" No , man , " his friend insisted , " we 're just snapping it out of the States .
' The Christian Science Monitor confirms ... ' "
– P.G.
***
I made the video for the IIP .
My state of mind was reflected in the fact that I felt guilty for delaying the start of filming so I could call members of my family .
I learned that Scott Peterson was still in Baghdad .
I was sure he would have fled .
I called him on Ellen 's cellphone .
He was at the CNN offices where he was working on a new set of public service videos about me .
I was still on the phone with Scott when the US military arrived .
I was so afraid of the soldiers .
" What should I do , Scott ? "
He told me if they were there , they were the surest way to safety .
I hung onto my friend Ellen from the Post as we went downstairs .
We got into an armored vehicle .
I still had my big bag of stuff .
I figured the mujahideen were watching .
They were watching everything .
The hatches closed .
We were driving along , and I finally started to relax .
One of the soldiers pulled out a picture of me that he had been carrying with him .
" I do n't need this anymore , " he said , and gave it to me .
Another pulled off a flag that was attached with Velcro to his uniform , and gave that to me , too .
A third , sitting to my left , said " We 've been looking for you for a long time . "
How did these men know who I was ?
I did n't understand why they had a picture of me .
I had no idea how much coverage my kidnapping had received .
I sat and talked with Ellen .
After a few minutes , she said , " You can take off your hijab now . "
" No , no , " I said .
I waited a minute .
Then I said , " Well , actually ... I guess I can . "
Monday : Epilogue
The Qi type system allows for some very interesting types not typically
available to non-FOL type systems .
To better understand what you can do
with this system , I have made a simple and naive prime type to show off
the power of the Qi types .
The idea behind it seems very simple , namely
we make a number subtype that matches only primes .
Then , we can define
functions that take only prime numbers and we can be certain that only
prime numbers can get into this function .
To begin this process , we need to have a function that determines
primes .
Taking the very simple approach to generating primes used in
the book , we create a prime ?
function with the following definition .
( define prime ?
{ number --> boolean }
X -> ( prime * ?
X ( round ( sqrt X ) ) 2 ) )
( define prime * ?
{ number --> number --> number --> boolean }
X Max Div -> true where (> Div Max )
X Max Div -> false where ( integer ? (/ X Div ) )
X Max Div -> ( prime * ?
X Max (+ 1 Div ) )
)
Next , we need to have a type function that tells the compiler that our
prime type is a subtype of numbers .
Anyplace we can use a number , ie in
+ or any other math function , we want to be able to use primes .
The Qi
Language book describes this type and we will use the pattern described
in the book .
As an aside , this ends up being so useful that future
versions of Qi may just need to include this type natively .
( datatype subtype
( subtype B A ) ; X : B ;
_____________________
X : A ;
_____________________
( subtype prime number ) ;
)
Finally , we now can make our prime type by using the following
definition .
Note that this definition is incomplete and try to
understand why it does not allow us to define a function that takes a
number and returns a prime .
However , this function should allow us to
find primes at the top level ( and hence in loaded files as well ) .
We
will expand on the definition below .
Basically , the function should say
that if we have a number and it passes the prime ?
function , then we
should consider it a prime .
( datatype prime
if ( and ( number ?
X ) ( prime ? X ) )
_________
X : prime ;
)
Now that we have an incomplete definition , let us see it in use .
( 2+ ) 3 : prime
3 : prime
( 3+ ) 4 : prime
error : type error
( 4+ ) 5 : prime
5 : prime
( 5+ ) 6 : prime
error : type error
( 6+ ) 8 : prime
error : type error
( 7+ ) 9 : prime
error : type error
( 8+ ) 11 : prime
11 : prime
( 9+ ) 13 : prime
13 : prime
That 's a smart type !
* grin *
To understand why this function does not complete our definition of
prime , we should try to build a function that takes in a prime and
finds the next prime on the number line .
Let us call it next - prime .
It
should take a prime and find the next prime in the number line by
stepping up the number line by one and testing for prime - ness .
( define next - prime
{ prime --> prime }
X -> ( next - prime * (+ 1 X ) )
)
( define next - prime *
{ number --> prime }
X -> X where ( prime ? X )
X -> ( next - prime * (+ 1 X ) )
)
However , if we try to compile the code up to this point , we find that
we get the following not - so - helpful error message .
Correctness Check Failure ; rule 1 of next - prime *
Why does this happen ?
Obviously , the type system cannot prove that X ->
X is a prime where ( prime ? X ) .
While in the non -typesafe version of Qi ,
this function does indeed perform as requested .
But because the type
checker cannot prove that it will output ONLY primes , it cannot
typecheck our program .
To make our function work , we have to let the
typechecker understand that if a number passes ( prime ?
X ) then it
definitely is a prime .
Fortunately for us , Qi provides a mechanism that can check the guards
and give a type depending on if a guard passes .
Qi has a special type
for guards called " verified " that only matches when the guard itself
returns true .
The guard obviously runs at runtime but Qi can use the
verified to ensure that we have correct types even at compile time .
Our
assumption is that if ( prime ?
X ) is " verified " then X is a prime .
In Qi
notation we then have the new prime type as follows .
( datatype prime
if ( and ( number ?
X ) ( prime ? X ) )
_________
X : prime ;
____________________
( prime ?
X ) : verified >>
X : prime ;
)
We now have a complete ( but very inefficient ) version of the class of
numbers we know as primes as a native Qi type .
No non-prime will ever
typecheck to the type prime even during runtime or after mathematical
manipulation .
Let us try it out .
( 2+ ) ( next - prime 5 )
7 : prime
( 3+ ) ( next - prime 7 )
11 : prime
( 4+ ) ( next - prime 101 )
103 : prime
( 5+ ) ( next - prime 103 )
107 : prime
( 6+ ) ( next - prime 107 )
109 : prime
( 7+ ) ( next - prime 109 )
113 : prime
( 8+ ) ( next - prime 113 )
127 : prime
( 9+ ) ( next - prime 4 )
error : type error
( 10 + ) ( next - prime * 4 )
5 : prime
A good follow up exercise would be to take the stream datatype defined
in the Qi Language book and make a stream of primes with these
functions .
Also , you could extend the type to use a new prime ?
function
that implements a wheel sieve to ensure much faster testing for primes .
As a final question , is there any way to rid ourselves of the number ?
test inside of primes ?
I 've tried using sequents , subtypes , and a
host of other methods but it always causes the program to crash on
typechecking with sec.SQRT : &&X is not a NUMBER .
Hope you enjoyed my little prime type and happy hacking !
---
EntropyFails
5 Comments :
Post a Comment
Introduction
Welcome back to Linux .
Ars !
We have some good stuff for you this week .
Axel Liljencrantz has written a helpful introduction to the Friendly Interactive Shell ( Fish ) , a unique and innovative command line environment with a number of useful improvements .
Also included in this week 's Linux .
Ars is an introduction to some of the new Javascript features of Firefox 1.5 , and a brief introduction to Viewglob , a shell visualization utility .
Linux .
Ars is all about you , so do n't be afraid to get involved !
Want to do a section for a future edition ?
Have a suggestion for a topic that you want us to write about ?
I would love some feedback .
We want your comments , complaints , suggestions , requests , free hardware , death threats , or disparaging remarks about my assorted deficiencies .
Send me an e-mail or instant message , or post a comment in the discussion thread !
Developers Corner
New Javascript features in Firefox 1.5
Developers rejoice , Firefox 1.5 is finally here !
The latest release of the Mozilla Foundation 's popular web browser includes numerous features that empower developers and improve the versatility of the platform .
Support for SVG , the canvas tag , and the Javscript 1.6 standard make this release a cause of developer celebration .
Firefox 1.5 provides support for the latest enhancements to the Javascript language .
E4X adds native XML support to Javascript and provides a complete object - oriented interface to XML content .
With E4X , developers can manipulate XML content with unprecedented ease .
XML tags can be assigned directly to a Javascript variable :
> var xmlcontent = < foo >< baz > bar</baz></foo > ;
And the tag contents can be extracted with a simple , object oriented syntax :
> xmlcontent.foo.baz bar
E4X also provides support for tag interpolation .
Developers can use braces to include values in constructed XML content :
> var xmlcontent = < foo >< baz >{3 + 3}</baz></foo > ;
With E4X , developers can iterate over tags based on simple queries , similar to the XPath syntax .
In E4X , the .. operator is equivelent to the XPath // operator .
To iterate over every B tag nested inside of the A tag , you can use the following syntax :
for each ( var i in A..B ) { // ... }
You can further limit the loop and iterate over only the B tags that include a C tag that contains specific text :
for each ( var i in A..B. ( C == " value " ) ) { // ... }
Let 's look at a more elaborate example .
Remember the monkey XML file from the last edition of Linux .
Ars ?
Let 's revisit that example now with E4X :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " iso -8859 -1 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " > < html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " > < head > < title > Web Development Test Page </ title > < script type=" application /x-javascript ; e4x=1 " > function main ( ) { // create a variable and describe the XML content var animals = < spaceapes > < monkey name = " Gordo " >
< date>12/13/58</date > < species > Squirrel < / species > </ monkey > < monkey name = " Able " >
< date>5/28/59</date > < species > Rhesus </ species > </ monkey > < monkey name = " Baker " >
< date>5/28/59</date > < species > Squirrel < / species > </ monkey > < monkey name = " Sam " > < date>12/04/59</date > < species > Rhesus </ species > </ monkey > </ spaceapes > // create a variable to store the HTML content that will be added to the page // note that we use the the + operator to concatenate a sequence of tags // also note the use of the length ( ) method , and { } for interpolation var monkey_content = < h1 > Monkey Data</ h1 > + < p >< b> Number of Monkeys :</b><i>{(animals..monkey ).length ( )
}</i></p> + <h2 > Monkey List </ h2 > // create a new variable in which to construct our HTML monkey list var monkey_list = < ul ></ul > // iterate over each monkey in the XML document for each ( var monkey in animals .. monkey ) { // append a list item with monkey details to our monkey_list variable monkey_list.innerHTML
+= < li><b> Name:</b><i>{monkey.@name}</i></li> } // append our new monkey list to the monkey_content variable monkey_content += monkey_list + < h2 > Rhesus Monkeys </h2 > // iterate over each Rhesus monkey in the XML document for each ( var monkey in animals .. monkey .( species= = " Rhesus " ) ) { // append the monkey name to the monkey_content variable monkey_content += < p><b> Name:</b>{monkey.@name}</p> } // append the value of the monkey_content variable to the inside of a div tag document.getElementById( " monkeys " ) .innerHTML += monkey_content } </ script > </ head > < body onload= " main ( ) " > < div id =" monkeys " /> </ body > </html >
Javascript 1.6 also adds support for new Array methods that facilitate functional sequence manipulation .
With the map and filter methods , developers can now use anonymous functions to manipulate arrays without resorting to for loops .
The following example will produce a new array that contains each value of the initial array multiplied by two :
> [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] .map ( function ( x ) { return x * 2 } ) [ 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 ]
The filter method will pass each value of the array to the provided function , and return a new array that only includes the values that cause the function to return true :
> [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] . filter ( function ( x ) { return x > 3 } ) [ 4 , 5 ]
It is also possible to provide existing functions to the map and filter methods :
function isGreaterThanThree(x ) { return x > 3 } [ 1,2,3,4,5].filter( isGreaterThanThree )
You can learn more about new Javascript features at the Mozilla Developer Site .
Download the PDF
( This feature for Premier subscribers only . )
We ’ve been hammering away on the Steve Kubby issue , and now the mainstream media seems to be picking up on the issue .
From the AP :
Medical marijuana crusader Steve Kubby was arrested Thursday night at San Francisco Airport after spending years as a fugitive in Canada .
Kubby was arrested on a no-bail warrant and booked into San Mateo County jail , San Francisco police said .
There was an emotional farewell earlier Thursday at Vancouver International Airport as Kubby reluctantly returned to the United States to face a jail sentence .
Richard Newell Michael Acree was on the scene , and reports the following :
Kubby ’s flight landed about 8:00 .
I got to the airport around 7:30 .
There were perhaps three dozen supporters , with many signs , and half a dozen TV cameras .
I did n’t recognize any other Libertarians .
Most of the people I spoke with had n’t met Kubby , and knew little about him ; they were activists for the cause of medical marijuana , many of them obviously with a personal interest in the issue .
Kubby was traveling with his attorney , Bill McPike ; it was evidently their expectation that Kubby would be allowed to remain in McPike ’s custody until his hearing in Placerville on Tuesday .
Instead , police met the flight at the gate and escorted Kubby downstairs , bypassing the welcoming committee and the TV cameras , and whisked him off to jail .
In Redneck City–excuse me , Redwood City–not San Francisco .
McPike came out and spoke with reporters and supporters .
There is supposedly some sort of hearing in Red wood City this morning at 9:00 , but McPike did n’t know anything about it .
He is extremely soft - spoken ; standing directly behind the reporters he was speaking to , I was unable to hear him at all .
I hope his soft - spoken , casual manner carries tremendous power in the courtroom , if Kubby makes it that far .
The attitude of the supporters present struck me as resolutely , and incongruously , optimistic .
“ There must a law against what they ’re doing to him .
. . . ”
Unlimited , unalterable faith in the government to restrain itself , and not do what it wants to do most , which is to punish critics .
The last time Kubby was in jail for 4 days , without access to marijuana , he nearly died .
His supporters seemed convinced that the government would not allow that to happen , lest Kubby be made a martyr .
I personally do n’t see the government as that terrified of creating martyrs .
It is true that his dying in jail would constitute pretty good proof of his claim that marijuana is what has kept him alive for the last 30 years .
But that outcome could be prevented by the simple device of having wardens look the other way while other inmates took care of him , as was done with John Geoghan .
I would be at least mildly surprised if Kubby had another 2 weeks to live .
Time will tell if Kubby will be the latest American to die in the hands of the drug warriors .
In the mean time , I ’ve heard reliable rumors that the Kubby family needs a few thousand bucks to handle some of the additional expenses relating to the arrest .
Your contributions can be made out to the Kubby Defense Fund .
Update by Stephen VanDyke : Wikipedia page on Kubby has a link to this news item on his deteriorating health :
“ I ’m really sick already , ” Kubby told [ NORML spokesman ]
Gieringer by telephone said from jail .
“ I ’m gonna start puking my brains out . ”
“ He says his guards laughed at him when he requested Marinol .
Kubby says he has n’t had marijuana for half a day and has begun to experience all of the symptoms of his life - threatening disease — nausea , headaches , swollen kidneys .
He has chills and has not been able to get a blanket from the guards , ” Gieringer stated .
Commenter Richard Newell sez : “ Good news – After much pain & anguish Attorney Bill McPike reports that Steve Kubby is to receive Marinol in the Placer County Jail ! ”
Brad Spangler writes on Marinol : Medical marijuana patients commonly describe Marinol as “ inferior ” in its effectiveness or “ only marginally effective . ”
It might just barely be enough to save Steve Kubby ’s life , though , and get him through this ordeal .
For a company that claims to have moved " beyond petroleum " , BP has managed to spill an awful lot of it on to the tundra in Alaska .
Last week , after the news was leaked to journalists , it admitted to investors that it is facing criminal charges for allowing 270,000 gallons of crude oil to seep across one of the world 's most sensitive habitats .
The incident was so serious that some of its staff could be sent to prison .
Had this been Exxon , the epitome of sneering corporate brutality , the news would have surprised no one .
But BP 's rebranding , like Shell's , has been so effective that you could be forgiven for believing that it had become an environmental pressure group .
These companies have used the vast profits from their petroleum business to create the impression that they are abandoning it .
Shell 's adverts feature photos of its technologists in open - necked shirts and showing perfect teeth ( which proves they can't be real greens ) .
They tell stories of their brave experiments with wind power , hydrogen , biofuels and natural gas .
The chairman of Shell UK was one of the 14 signatories to a letter sent by businesses to Tony Blair a week ago , calling for the government to exercise " bold leadership on domestic climate change policy " in order to speed " the transition to a low - carbon economy " .
BP 's adverts tell the same story , illustrated with its logo - a kind of green and yellow sunflower which looks rather like the Green party 's .
So what on earth was it doing in Alaska , messing around with crude oil ?
Do n't its filling stations now dispense pure carrot juice ?
Admittedly BP 's latest campaign , " exploring new ways to live without " oil , was prefaced with adverts boasting about its new means of finding the stuff .
" By developing innovative technology like BP's Advanced Seismic Imaging , we 've been able to make discoveries that were unthinkable only a decade ago . "
But even this campaign seeks to answer an environmental concern .
For the past two or three years , environmentalists ( myself included ) have been publicising the idea that global oil production might soon peak and then go into decline .
This possibility helps to demonstrate , we argue , that our dependence on oil is unsustainable , and we must find means of giving it up .
The oil companies have seized our arguments and are using them for the opposite purpose : if oil supplies are in danger , they must be permitted to prospect in new places .
Whatever happens , they can't lose .
If they invest in new exploration and production , they secure lucrative control over a diminishing asset .
If they fail to invest , as they have done over the past 10 years , the price rises and they do even better .
In either case , they make so much money that they can throw a few billion into developing alternative technologies without gulping , thus cornering the future energy markets as well .
Please do n't misunderstand me .
I am glad they are spending some of their money this way .
They are among the few companies able to achieve the economies of scale required to bring down the price of expensive new technologies , such as solar power and hydrogen fuel cells .
The problem is that they are developing these new capacities not in order to replace their production of oil , but in order to supplement it .
Their share price depends on the current and future value of their assets .
To sustain the future value , they aim for a " reserve replacement rate " of 100 % .
In other words , however much oil they produce , they seek to replace it with new discoveries .
BP has , so far , managed to meet this target .
Shell 's desperation to do the same led to the scandal two years ago over the misstating of its reserves .
The impression they have created in some of their adverts - that they are seeking to move out of petroleum and into other products - is misleading .
And though they have become more transparent , more responsive , less aggressive in their engagement with the public , the impact of their core business is much the same .
BP has gone ahead with its extraction of natural gas from Tangguh in West Papua , even though this means collaborating with the Indonesian government , which annexed the territory and controls it by means of a vicious military occupation .
Three weeks ago , a demonstration outside BP 's headquarters in London reminded us that some of the land seizures , environmental damage and human rights violations associated with its pipeline from Baku in Azerbaijan to Ceyhan in Turkey ( which came onstream on May 27 ) have been neither acknowledged nor addressed .
BP admits that the oil and gas it extracts produce around 570 m tonnes of carbon dioxide a year , roughly the same as the amount the UK emits .
This is after it changed its methodology to exclude some of its operations : otherwise it would have been responsible for over twice that amount .
Shell 's practices look even worse .
Though the flaring of gas from oil wells in Nigeria was banned in 1969 , it is still burning hundreds of millions of cubic feet a day , wasting a precious resource and producing more carbon emissions than everyone else in sub-Saharan Africa put together .
The surrounding communities are plastered with sticky soot .
In April , Shell was ordered by a court in Lagos to stop the flaring , but does not intend to do so until 2009 .
It has also been fined $ 1.5 bn for polluting the Niger delta , but wo n't pay pending its appeal .
Last year ,
Shell took five men from the Bog of Erris in Ireland to court for refusing to allow its high - pressure gas pipeline to cross their lands .
They were jailed for 94 days .
Green groups have begged it not to extract oil from the seas around Sakhalin Island , off the east coast of Siberia , where a spill could wipe out the world 's last 100 western Pacific grey whales , but it wo n't back down .
To boost its reserves , it has just invested another $ 2bn in extracting petroleum from oil sands in Canada .
It would be hard to devise a more polluting business .
Both companies are cleverer than they used to be .
They have stopped pretending that climate change does not exist or that no one ever gets hurt by their projects .
Shell even publishes a list of its recent convictions .
But this does n't mean they have stopped spinning .
Shell 's new sustainability report , for example , says it will reduce its carbon dioxide emissions " by up to 2.5 m tonnes a year " by burying the gas in old oilfields in the North Sea .
But it is using it to drive inaccessible oil out of the reservoirs .
It fails to explain whether the 2.5 m tonnes is a gross saving or a net saving ( after the burning of the new oil has been taken into account ) .
I suspect the former , but until the UK has some effective corporate reporting rules , companies can continue to give us only the information that suits them .
BP and Shell are to Exxon what New Labour is to the old Tories .
The language has changed , but the policies are pretty similar .
The denial and aggression which characterised Shell 's approach at the time of the Brent Spar campaign and the hanging of Ken Saro - Wiwa have gone .
But it seems to me that this only makes them more dangerous .
www.monbiot.com
Yahoo Mail Servers Rejecting Email
Yahoo Bouncing Email - 451 Error
Posted by Adam Hayes
If you use Yahoo !
mail as your main email account , you might not be receiving all of your emails .
What is Yahoo thinking ???
Recently Yahoo has started " greylisting extremely deprioritizing " almost every email that goes through their mail server .
Greylisting
This is a way of attempting to block SPAM .
Yahoo mail denies the first every delivery attempt of an email ( 451 Message temporarily deferred - 4.16.50 ) from deprioritized mail servers .
They assume that SPAMers do n't try sending the same email twice , so they put the ip address of that email server on a list and then if the delivery is retried within a short amount of time , they assume that it is a good email .
Now here is the downside .
Do you think that spammers care one wit whether they send a " spammy " email once , twice or a thousand times ?
No , they do n't .
All Yahoo is doing is increasing the problem .
Now instead of being hit by one SPAM email , you 'll get three .
Since about October 16 , 2006 they have been " overly aggressive " in blocking emails .
Yahoo !
Mail has become more aggressive in its acceptance of SMTP connections and denies connections by IP address when these connections do not conform to Internet standard practices .
This results in people that have been sending email to the same person for the past 3 + years to suddenly not be able to send email .
Even when the sender is " conforming to Internet standard practices .
Consider this report from DNSReport.com
How to fix the problem ( sortof )
Yahoo gives some basic " do these to fix the problem " :
Remove email addresses that bounce
Examine your retry policies
Pay attention to the responses from our SMTP servers
Do n't send unsolicited email ( duh ! )
Provide a method of unsubscribing
Ensure your mail servers are not open relays .
Unfortunately , even after completing the checklist above , servers are still being greylisted deprioritized .
Yahoo suggests that you use their " form " so that they can help you diagnose the problem .
Well three different forms later , the only correspondence you will receive is an " auto - responder " that says :
Thank you for contacting Yahoo !
Customer Care to answer your question .
A support representative will get back to you within 48 hours regarding your issue .
Until then , feel free to visit our online help center at http://help.yahoo.com/
or answers if you have not already done so .
Also install DomainKeys to help fix the problem
Dig a little deeper and you will find that you should install DomainKeys ( you should have already installed SPF records so that you can send to AOL accounts ) to sign your emails from a specific domain .
However , even once this is done , you will still get some 451 errors .
The long and short of it is that you get what you pay for ...
Yahoo is not communicating with administrators even after they submit multiple request forms .
Yahoo is not delivering messages even though they send the response back that the " message was temporarily deferred " ( Which sounds like it is just waiting to send the message , but will get to it eventually ) .
In an attempt to block spammers , Yahoo is blocking an extremely high number of " good " emails .
Previous Blog
« Better Links for Better Ranking
“ To jaw - jaw is always better than to war - war . ”
So Winston Churchill is widely quoted .
Those words , however , were spoken in 1954 , decades after Churchill ’s voice had been the most bellicose for war in 1914 and 1939 , the wars that bled and broke his beloved empire .
Yet Churchill ’s quote frames well the main question on the mind of Washington , D.C. : Will President Bush effect the nuclear castration of Iran before he leaves office , or has he already excluded the war option ?
One school contends that the White House has stared down the gun barrel at the prospect of war with Iran , and backed away .
The costs and potential consequences  thousands of Iranian dead , a Shia revolt against us in Iraq joined by Iranian “ volunteers , ” the mining of the Straits of Hormuz , $ 200 - a - barrel oil , Hezbollah strikes on Americans in Lebanon , terror attacks on our allies in the Gulf and on Americans in the United States  are too high a price to pay for setting back the Iranian nuclear program a decade .
Another school argues thus :
If Tehran survives the Bush era without dismantling its nuclear program , Bush will be a failed president .
He declared in his 2002 State of the Union Address that no axis - of - evil nation would be allowed to acquire the world ’s worst weapons .
Iran and North Korea will have both defied the Bush Doctrine .
His legacy would then be one of impotency in Iran and North Korea , and two failed wars  in Iraq and Afghanistan  which will be in their sixth and eighth years .
Those who know him best say that George Bush is not a man to leave office with such a legacy .
He will go to war first , even if no one goes along .
But before America faces this question , two others need answering .
Is Iran so close to a nuclear weapon that if we do not act now , it will be too late ?
Or do we have perhaps a decade before Iran has the capacity to build nuclear weapons ?
Early this year , Israel was warning that if Iran was not stopped by March 2006 , it would be too late .
Iran would by then have acquired the knowledge and experience needed to build nuclear weapons .
The neoconservatives , too , have been demanding “ Action this day ! ” and were stunned by Bush ’s statement at the United Nations that America does not oppose Iran ’s acquisition of peaceful nuclear power .
The other side argues that Iran is perhaps a decade away from being able to produce enough fissile material for a bomb , that the 164 centrifuges Tehran has are so primitive and few in number it will take years even to produce fuel for nuclear power plants .
While the International Atomic Energy Agency has not given Iran a clean bill of health , it has never concluded that Iran is working on a bomb .
Where does this leave America ?
With grave questions , the answers to which should be given not by George Bush alone , but by the American people through their representatives in the Congress .
Lest we forget , it is not President Bush who decides on war or peace .
The Congress is entrusted with that power in the Constitution .
The Founding Fathers wanted a clear separation between the commander in chief who would fight the war and the legislators who would declare it .
They had had their fill of royal wars .
Congress , when this election is over , should return to Washington to conduct hearings on how close Iran is to a nuclear capacity , and place that information before the nation .
We do not need any more cherry - picked and stove - piped intelligence to take us to war .
But the critical question that needs to be taken up in congressional and public debate is this :
Even if Tehran is seeking a nuclear capacity , should the United States wage war to stop her ?
Is a nuclear - armed Iran more of an intolerable threat than was a nuclear - armed Stalin or Mao , both of whom America outlasted without war ?
Today , Republicans and Democrats are competing in calling Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a Hitler who will complete the Holocaust , a terrorist with whom we cannot deal .
But the Iran he leads has not started a war since its revolution , 27 years ago , and knows that if it attacks America , it will invite annihilation as a nation .
Bismarck called preemptive war committing suicide out of fear of death  not a bad description of what we did in invading Iraq .
Today , President Bush does not have the constitutional authority to launch preemptive war .
Congress should remind him of that , and demand that he come to them to make the case and get a declaration of war , before he undertakes yet another war  on Iran .
Before any air strikes are launched on Iran ’s nuclear facilities , every American leader should be made to take a public stand for or against war .
No more of these “ If - only - I - had - known ” and “ We - were - misled ” cop-outs .
Universities urged to spy on Muslims .
Vikram Dodd
Monday October 16 , 2006
The Guardian
Lecturers and university staff across Britain are to be asked to spy on " Asian - looking " and Muslim students they suspect of involvement in Islamic extremism and supporting terrorist violence , the Guardian has learned .
They will be told to inform on students to special branch because the government believes campuses have become " fertile recruiting grounds " for extremists .
The Department for Education has drawn up a series of proposals which are to be sent to universities and other centres of higher education before the end of the year .
The 18 - page document acknowledges that universities will be anxious about passing information to special branch , for fear it amounts to " collaborating with the ' secret police ' " .
It says there will be " concerns about police targeting certain sections of the student population ( eg Muslims ) " .
The proposals are likely to cause anxiety among academics , and provoke anger from British Muslim groups at a time when ministers are at the focus of rows over issues such as the wearing of the veil and forcing Islamic schools to accept pupils from other faiths .
Wakkas Khan , president of the Federation of Student Islamic Societies , said : " It sounds to me to be potentially the widest infringement of the rights of Muslim students that there ever has been in this country .
It is clearly targeting Muslim students and treating them to a higher level of suspicion and scrutiny .
It sounds like you 're guilty until you 're proven innocent . "
Yet our country is supposed to represent the " innocent until proven guilty " system .
Gemma Tumelty , president of the National Union of Students , said : " They are going to treat everyone Muslim with suspicion on the basis of their faith .
It 's bearing on the side of McCarthyism . "
The document , which has been obtained by the Guardian , was sent within the last month to selected official bodies for consultation and reveals the full extent of what the authorities fear is happening in universities .
It claims that Islamic societies at universities have become increasingly political in recent years and discusses monitoring their leaflets and speakers .
The document warns of talent - spotting by terrorists on campuses and of students being " groomed " for extremism .
So because Muslims have become more political , it makes them extremists ??
In a section on factors that can radicalise students , the document identifies Muslims from " segregated " backgrounds as more likely to hold radical views than those who have " integrated into wider society " .
It also claims that students who study in their home towns could act as a link between extremism on campuses and in their local communities .
I claim and identify the above paragraph to be total cack
The government wants universities to crack down on extremism , and the document says campus staff should volunteer information to special branch and not wait to be contacted by detectives .
It says : " Special branch are aware that many HEIs [ higher education institutions ] will have a number of concerns about working closely with special branch .
Some common concerns are that institutions will be seen to be collaborating with the ' secret police ' .
" HEIs may also worry about what special branch will do with any information supplied by an HEI and what action the police may subsequently take ... Special branch are not the ' secret police ' and are accountable . "
The document says radicalisation on campus is unlikely to be overt : " While radicalisation may not be widespread , there is some evidence to suggest that students at further and higher educational establishments have been involved in terrorist - related activity , which could include actively radicalising fellow students on campus . "
The document adds : " Perhaps most importantly , universities and colleges provide a fertile recruiting ground for students .
" There are different categories of students who may be ' sucked in ' to an Islamist extremist ideology ...
There are those who may be new to a university or college environment and vulnerable to ' grooming ' by individuals with their own agenda as they search for friends and social groups ; there are those who may be actively looking for extremist individuals with whom to associate .
Campuses provide an opportunity for individuals who are already radicalised to form new networks , and extend existing ones . "
The document urges close attention be paid to university Islamic societies and - under the heading " inspiring radical speakers " - says : " Islamic societies have tended to invite more radical speakers or preachers on to campuses ...
They can be forceful , persuasive and eloquent .
They are able to fill a vacuum created by young Muslims ' feelings of alienation from their parents ' generation by providing greater ' clarity ' from an Islamic point of view on a range of issues , and potentially a greater sense of purpose about how Muslim students can respond . "
It suggests checks should be made on external speakers at Islamic society events : " The control of university or college Islamic societies by certain extremist individuals can play a significant role in the extent of Islamist extremism on campus . "
The document says potential extremists can be talent - spotted at campus meetings then channelled to events off campus .
The document gives five real - life examples of extremism in universities .
The first talks of suspicious computer use by " Asian " students , which was reported by library staff .
In language some may balk at , it talks of students of " Asian appearance " being suspected extremists .
A senior education department source told the Guardian : " There 's loads of anecdotal evidence of radicalisation .
At the same time there are people who pushing this who have their own agendas , and the government has to strike the right balance . "
WASHINGTON , Oct. 12  Internal military documents released Thursday provided new details about the Defense Department ’s collection of information on demonstrations nationwide last year by students , Quakers and others opposed to the Iraq war .
The documents , obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union under a Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit , show , for instance , that military officials labeled as “ potential terrorist activity ” events like a “ Stop the War Now ” rally in Akron , Ohio , in March 2005 .
The Defense Department acknowledged last year that its analysts had maintained records on war protests in an internal database past the 90 days its guidelines allowed , and even after it was determined there was no threat .
A department spokesman said Thursday that the “ questionable data collection ” had led to a tightening of military procedures to ensure that only information relevant to terrorism and other threats was collected .
The spokesman , Maj .
Patrick Ryder , said in response to the release of the documents that the department “ views with great concern any potential violation ” of the policy .
Keith gave us another special comment tonight , but with a different target .
Tonight he went after Bush himself .
Download - WMV Download - QT
Keith : " More over , Mr. Bush , you are accomplishing in part what Osama Bin Laden and others seek -- a fearful American populace , easily manipulated , and willing to throw away any measure of restraint , any loyalty to our own ideals and freedoms , for the comforting illusion of safety . "
Nothing could be truer than that right there .
It 's not only insulting that Bush once said " they hate us for our freedoms " and then proceeded to strip away those freedoms with such things as the Patriot Act and the warrantless wiretapping , but he also constantly says how the key tactic of the terrorist is fear , while his administration is out on a daily basis delivering speeches that are geared towards scaring us .
Transcript below the fold ( compliments of Bloggermann )
It is to our deep national shame — and ultimately it will be to the President ’s deep personal regret — that he has followed his Secretary of Defense down the path of trying to tie those loyal Americans who disagree with his policies — or even question their effectiveness or execution — to the Nazis of the past , and the al Qaeda of the present .
Today , in the same subtle terms in which Mr. Bush and his colleagues muddied the clear line separating Iraq and 9/11 -- without ever actually saying so — the President quoted a purported Osama Bin Laden letter that spoke of launching , “ a media campaign to create a wedge between the American people and their government . ”
Make no mistake here — the intent of that is to get us to confuse the psychotic scheming of an international terrorist , with that familiar bogeyman of the right , the “ media . ”
The President and the Vice President and others have often attacked freedom of speech , and freedom of dissent , and freedom of the press .
Now , Mr. Bush has signaled that his unparalleled and unprincipled attack on reporting has a new and venomous side angle :
The attempt to link , by the simple expediency of one word — “ media ” — the honest , patriotic , and indeed vital questions and questioning from American reporters , with the evil of Al - Qaeda propaganda .
That linkage is more than just indefensible .
It is un-American .
Mr. Bush and his colleagues have led us before to such waters .
We will not drink again .
And the President ’s re-writing and sanitizing of history , so it fits the expediencies of domestic politics , is just as false , and just as scurrilous .
“ In the 1920 ’s a failed Austrian painter published a book in which he explained his intention to build an Aryan super - state in Germany and take revenge on Europe and eradicate the Jews , ” President Bush said today , “ the world ignored Hitler ’s words , and paid a terrible price . ”
Whatever the true nature of al Qaeda and other international terrorist threats , to ceaselessly compare them to the Nazi State of Germany serves only to embolden them .
More over , Mr. Bush , you are accomplishing in part what Osama Bin Laden and others seek — a fearful American populace , easily manipulated , and willing to throw away any measure of restraint , any loyalty to our own ideals and freedoms , for the comforting illusion of safety .
It thus becomes necessary to remind the President that his administration ’s recent Nazi “ kick ” is an awful and cynical thing .
And it becomes necessary to reach back into our history , for yet another quote , from yet another time and to ask it of Mr. Bush :
“ Have you no sense of decency , sir ? ”
The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum 's Peace Watch Tower , which records the number of days since the last nuclear test , was reset on October 10 , one day after North Korea conducted an underground nuclear test .
The peace clock 's two digital displays show the number of days since the US atomic bombing of Hiroshima and the number of days since the last nuclear test was conducted .
Before being reset on Monday , the clock read 40 -- the number of days since the US conducted a subcritical nuclear test at the end of August .
The clock was set up on August 6 , 2001 on the 56th anniversary of the 1945 U.S. atomic bombing of Hiroshima .
Over the past 5 years , the clock has been reset 11 times following each of the nuclear tests conducted by the US ( some in cooperation with the UK ) and Russia .
Museum director Koichiro Maeda says , " We are concerned that more nations will start to believe their national security can be strengthened by possessing nuclear weapons .
It is extremely foolish . "
The museum is now considering making room for North Korea in the reference library exhibit , which displays information about nations possessing nuclear weapons .
About 300 survivors of the Hiroshima nuclear bombing gathered in the park near the museum condemning the possession and testing of all nuclear weapons by all nations .
[ Source : Asahi Shimbun , Chunichi ]
It 's bad enough facing the cashier with my cart full of vodka and fish sticks .
Will someone someday realize that I only buy ice cream after midnight ?
If I buy condoms one month , and a pregnancy test the next , does some kind of red flag get raised ?
With these concerns in mind , I 've made a habit of these simple steps to help keep my grocery - shopping anonymous : 1 ) I sign up with an alias and 2 ) I swap cards regularly with friends .
Now I want to try something different .
I want to take the credit for all of my shopping , and for your shopping too !
In another sign of Google Inc. 's growth from start - up to corporate behemoth , the company ’s top executives said Thursday that they had begun telling engineers to stop launching so many new services and instead focus on making existing ones work together better .
The shift is a major departure from Google ’s previous strategy of launching new services rapid - fire and highlights the 8 - year - old company ’s struggle to stay focused during swift growth .
Co-founder Sergey Brin is leading a companywide initiative called “ Features , not products . ”
He said the campaign started this summer when Google executives realized that myriad product releases were confusing their users .
“ It ’s worse than that , ” said Brin , Google ’s president of technology .
“ It ’s that I was getting lost in the sheer volume of the products that we were releasing . ”
Advertisement
More than 50 products in various stages of development are available across Google ’s websites .
There are so many that the company has collected 35 on a site called “ More Google products , ” which includes digital maps , instant - messaging software , programs that speed up Web surfing and even a search engine for mail - order catalogs .
Analysts said Google was fighting a problem that had historically plagued technology giants , many of which became so enamored with innovating that they forgot to create products that people would really use .
“ They created a bunch of crap that they have no idea what to do with , ” Rob Enderle , principal analyst with Enderle Group , a Silicon Valley consulting firm , said of Google .
“ What a huge waste of resources . ”
Google admitted this year that its internal audits discovered that the company had been spending too much time on new services to the detriment of its core search engine .
Advertisement
The initiative ’s primary goal is to make Google products easier to use , especially by packaging disparate products .
For example , said Chief Executive Eric Schmidt , Google plans to combine its spreadsheet , calendar and word - processing programs into one suite of Web - based applications .
Google became famous for its simplicity , winning millions of fans with a mostly white home page and simple search box .
Flush with cash after its initial public stock offering two years ago , Google scooped up hundreds of software engineers and began releasing new services at a dizzying pace .
“ The result occurred precisely because we told these incredible engineering teams to run as fast as possible to solve new problems , ” Schmidt said .
“ But then that created this other problem . ”
Advertisement
Surveys showed that Google users could recall a half - dozen or so products , Schmidt said , but “ they cannot remember 35 . ”
The company does not plan to tell engineers to halt all new products , Google said , nor does it plan to kill little - used services .
Rather , the effort is more focused on future development .
After launching the initiative this summer , Schmidt said , Google canceled several services in development -- which he would not describe -- and instructed their creators to instead make them features in other products .
“ That is a big change in the way we run the company , ” Schmidt said , describing Google ’s previous attitude as , “ Just get this stuff built and get it out -- do n’t worry about the integration . ”
Advertisement
Enderle , the analyst , said that attitude showed as search engines such as Ask.com and start - up Chacha.com introduced innovations that Google lacked .
chris.gaither@latimes.com
*
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Small slices
Key players ’ share of the online mapping market , based on number of website visits
Mapquest : 56.3 %
Yahoo Maps : 20.5 %
Advertisement
Google Maps : 7.5 %
MSN Virtual Earth : 4.3 %
Google Earth : 2 %
Others : 9.4 %
Advertisement
*
Source : Hitwise
Application Security Krugle delivers application security at massive scale .
Krugle works instantly across the entire enterprise software footprint , assuring the most complete , timely and reliable remediation available today .
Application Security Try Krugle on Open Source Code
Application Intelligence Krugle delivers the application insights , analysis and answers that assure fast resolution to mission critical enterprise development and deployment issues .
Application Intelligence Try Krugle on Open Source Code
Code Reuse Krugle breaks down development and deployment system barriers and aggregates the information from development , testing and deployment -- so that your organization 's best code , scripts and development insights can be easily discovered and shared .
Try Krugle on Open Source Code
December 01 , 2005 15:58 IST
Given the abysmal spread of formal credit facilities in the country , and more so in village India , it 's hardly surprising that both the government as well as the Reserve Bank of India are both talking of universal financial access or " financial inclusion " nowadays .
That 's perhaps why , a south India - based PSU bank is planning to adopt the union territory of Pondicherry for " financial inclusion " .
The problem , however , is that unless this goes hand - in - hand with the overall development of village India , it 's akin to growing grass without roots .
Since financial inclusion means access to financial services , the best indicator is the proportion of families with a bank account .
In the United Kingdom , about 5 per cent of the population do not have bank accounts .
In Australia , about 7 - 8 per cent of the population do not do banking .
In India , there are a total of 31 crore ( Rs 310 million ) savings bank accounts , but given the number of multiple accounts , the number of people having savings bank accounts cannot be more than 20 crore ( Rs 200 million ) .
This means around 85 per cent of India 's population does not have access to financial services in a cost - effective , transparent and fair manner .
Pondicherry , by the way , is better off than many other places in India .
It has an adult population of about 10 lakh and there are 6.67 lakh bank accounts even though the actual account holders are about three lakh , once you remove the multiple accounts .
The literacy rate in this Union Territory is 87 per cent .
There are 85 bank branches spread across 264 villages .
The PSU bank plans to use technology to spread the message of banking .
It wants to rope in BSNL in its endeavour to achieve the mission of including the entire adult population of Pondicherry for financial services .
" If mobile telephony can reach remote villages , why can't banks go there ? " asks the CEO of the bank .
A relevant question .
Of the 6,34,321 villages in India , only 9,000 villages have more than one bank branch .
This is despite the fact that there are 32,227 rural branches and they account of about 45 per cent of the total branch network .
Close to 60 per cent of rural households do not have a bank account and only 21 per cent have access to credit from a formal source .
Over 70 per cent of marginal farmers have no deposit account and 87 per cent have no formal credit .
Less than 2 per cent of rural households can access loans from a financial intermediary to meet unforeseen financial expenses and the approval for such loans takes between three and six months , and that too after bribing officials .
ICICI Bank has been trying to reach out to the rural masses in Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Orissa and Uttar Pradesh by setting up Internet kiosks and automated teller machines .
Developed jointly by n-Logue Communications , promoted by IIT Madras professor Ashok Jhunjhunwala , thousands of ICICI 's low - cost ATMs dot rural Tamil Nadu .
ICICI has plans for mobile banking , of a different sort - in this case , vans will go around to villages collecting deposits .
Now , PSU banks will join the mission as both the RBI and the finance ministry are keen that banking services must be available to the entire population .
However , technology alone cannot solve the problem as financial inclusion cannot happen in isolation while vast stretches of rural India are suffering from social and infrastructural exclusion .
The latest report of the National Sample Survey Organisation on village facilities -- conducted in July - December 2002 - revealed that there were no post offices in over 78 per cent of India 's villages and only one - third of all villages were within two km of a telegraph office / PCO / e-mail facility .
The situation has not dramatically changed since then .
Look at some other parameters of social infrastructure .
One - fourth of the villages do not have access to electricity ; non-conventional forms of energy are available in less than 12 per cent of villages ; tap water is used for drinking in about 18 per cent of villages and 55 per cent of them get their drinking water mainly from tube - wells or hand - pumps .
What 's more , 54 per cent of the villages are more than five km away from the nearest primary health centre and 27 per cent are more than 10 km away from it .
Only 10 per cent of the villages have a medicine shop and 20 per cent a private clinic or doctor .
One - third of the villages do not have pre-primary schools and 28 per cent do not have primary schools .
Finally , co-operative societies exist only in 30 per cent of Indian villages .
Financial inclusion alone cannot do the trick for the rural masses until social exclusion is taken care of .
Access to health , education and pucca roads is as important as access to a bank account and credit .
However , urban India presents a different picture .
Even in Mumbai , millions of people are financially excluded , although they have access to social infrastructure .
An online intruder has disappeared into the wild blue yonder with personal data on approximately half of the U.S. Air Force 's 70,000 officers .
The information stolen includes birth dates and Social Security numbers on about 33,000 officers , military officials confirmed Friday .
The hacker apparently used a legitimate user 's login information to access and / or download individuals ' personal information .
The Air Force became aware of the hack in June , after unusually high activity was discovered in a single user 's Assignment Management System ( AMS ) .
According to the Air Force Personnel Center ( AFPC ) at Randolph Air Force base in San Antonio , " not one incident of identity theft has been linked to this unauthorized access . "
The AMS is an online program used for assignment preferences and career management .
It contains birth dates and Social Security numbers but does not hold personal addresses , telephone numbers or specific information on dependents .
" We notified airmen as quickly as we could while still following criminal investigation procedures , " Maj. Gen . Tony Przybyslawski of the AFPC said in a statement released Friday .
" We 've taken steps to increase our system security .
We 're working with all Air Force agencies to identify vulnerabilities . "
In a letter to service personnel , Przybyslawsk said while the AMS records do not contain pay information , the stolen data could be potentially used to gain access to other systems that control military pay , direct deposits and other allotments .
He urged officers to login to an Air Force site and check if their information was viewed .
If it was , they receive a pop-up banner after login that will provide more information .
Przybyslawski also urged the officers to follow Federal Trade Commission guidelines for dealing with identity theft .
Under the Fair Credit Reporting
Act , everyone is entitled to one free credit check annually as part of new identity theft prevention measures .
" For the Air Force 's part , we are conducting a wall - to - wall review of our personnel - related data systems to maximize the security of the systems , " Przybyslawski wrote .
" This may cause some inconvenience to users as we increase our access requirements , but in the long run it will be our best way to protect our members against theft of personal information .
In addition to birth dates and Social Security numbers , the information accessed in the hack includes marital status , number of dependents , civil educational degrees and major areas of study , school and year of graduation and duty information for overseas assignment .
" I also want to assure you that immediately upon discovery of the unauthorized access , we removed the AMS from service so that a complete security review could be done , " Przybyslawsk wrote .
" A criminal investigation also began immediately ; we delayed sending you this notice for a short time to give our law enforcement officials the best opportunity in the early critical time period to catch the perpetrator . "
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
by Gina Trapani
There are approximately 17 million software applications and web sites out there built to manage your to do list .
But for those of you comfortable on the command line who do n't want to depend on someone else 's data format or someone else 's server , there 's an age - old method that 's perfect for tracking your stuff : plain text .
Advertisement
Today we 're going to go over one method for tracking your todo list , Getting Things Done style , using your favorite text editor and some old - school Unix command line know - how .
Why .txt ?
Plain text is software and operating system agnostic .
It 's searchable , portable , lightweight and easily manipulated .
It 's unstructured .
It works when someone else 's web server is down or your Outlook .
PST file gets corrupted .
Since it 's been around since the dawn of computing time , it 's safe to say it 's completely future - proof .
There 's no exporting and importing , no databases or tags or flags or stars or prioritizing or [ Insert company name here ] - induced rules on what you can and can't do with it .
Plain text is your friend .
Let 's make it so .
Advertisement
Quick GTD primer :
Three axes of an effective todo list
Context .
Getting Things
Done author and patron saint of lifehackers David Allen suggests splitting up your task lists by context - ie , the place and situation where you 'll work on the job .
Messages that you need to send go in the " @email " context ; calls to be made " @phone " , household projects " @home . "
That way , when you 've got a few minutes in the car with your cell phone , you can easily check your " @phone " tasks and make a call or two while you have the opportunity .
Project .
The only way a big project is going to get done is if you split it up into small , doable chunks .
Those small tasks move a project forward , so associating your project - associated small tasks is key as well .
In order to move along a project like " Cleaning out the garage , " my task list should give me the next logical action to take in order to move that project along .
" Clean out the garage " is n't a good todo item ; but " Call Goodwill to schedule pickup " in the " Clean out garage " project is .
Priority .
Your todo list should be able to tell you what 's the next most important thing for you to get done - either by project or by context or overall .
Tasks should optionally get assigned a priority that 'll bubble them up to the top of the list .
Advertisement
This is all possible with a simple file called todo.
txt .
Case study : todo.txt
Taking the context and project into consideration , one line in my todo .
txt might read :
p:lh.com @mac @pc @paper @offline Draft todo.txt feature
Here the " p:lh.com " denotes the Lifehacker.com project .
Contexts where I might complete this task include at my Mac , at my PC or at my tree - killer notebook .
Finally , " Draft todo. txt feature " is a brief description of the task .
Advertisement
There are a few great ways to append text to a . txt file without ever opening a text editor : Quicksilver for Mac OS
X provides one and I wrote a little Windows script that lets you do the same on a PC .
For those of you comfortable with the command line , the line :
Using Quicksilver 's Append Quicksilver is a great productivity application for OS X , and a power user can really do quite a… Read more
Advertisement
echo ' text to be added to file ' >> todo.txt
Will work just fine .
( Windows peeps , that and the ensuing Unix commands will not work in a plain old DOS window ; you 'll need the free Unix emulator Cygwin to use 'em . )
Advertisement
After adding several items to this todo. txt , it can become huge , unruly and difficult to work with .
Now 's when we start slicing and dicing .
Using the grep
Unix command , you can extract sub -lists from your todo list based on context or project .
Say my todo .
txt looks like this :
p:lh.com @mac @pc @paper @offline Draft todo.txt feature
p:garage @phone Schedule Goodwill pickup 555-1212
@phone Thank Mom for the package
p:incometax @homeoffice Gather tax documents
p:lh.com @mac @pc @online Update FAQ
p:lh.com @pc @offline Test drive WhizFolders
p:garage @shopping Bike rack at Lowe's
p:incometax @email Inquire re : K1 form
p:garage @email Neighbors re : joint garage sale Sat , June 10
Advertisement
What the heck do I do with that ?
Well , let 's say it 's April 1st and I want to check what 's up next to move my income tax return along .
The command :
grep p:incometax todo.txt
Says
" Show me only the lines that contain the phrase ' p : incometax . '
The result is :
p:incometax @homeoffice Gather tax documents
p:incometax @email Inquire re : K1 form
Advertisement
Note that you can daisy - chain grep statements to narrow down contexts .
Say I 'm on a plane on my Mac without Internet access , I might slice out a sublist by the @mac and @offline context :
grep @mac todo.
txt | grep @offline
This gives me :
p:lh.com @mac @pc @paper @offline Draft todo.txt feature
Sorting lists by priority
Once you get comfortable with this system , the problem of large sublists in no particular order arises .
To add a layer of prioritization to your todo. txt , optionally add a letter enclosed in parentheses to the beginning of a task line .
Advertisement
For example , here I 've added a ( A ) in front of high - priority next actions , ( B ) next to lesser important actions , and left others unprioritized .
( A ) p:lh.com @mac @pc @paper @offline Draft todo.txt feature
( B ) p:garage @phone Schedule Goodwill pickup 555- 1212
@phone Thank Mom for the package
p:incometax @homeoffice Gather tax documents
p:lh.com @mac @pc @online Update FAQ
p:lh.com @pc @offline Test drive WhizFolders
p:garage @shopping Bike rack at Lowe's
p:incometax @email Inquire re : K1 form
( A ) p:garage @email Neighbors re : joint garage sale Sat , June 10
Advertisement
To get my list of tasks in order of priority to move along the " Clean out the garage " project , the command :
grep p:garage todo. txt | sort
Gives me :
( A ) p:garage @email Neighbors re : joint garage sale Sat , June 10
( B ) p:garage @phone Schedule Goodwill pickup 555- 1212
p:garage @shopping Bike rack at Lowe's
Advertisement
Get your todo. txt to go
A nice thing about this method is that it 's easy to get your todo list in context .
Grep out your @phone items and SMS them to your cell phone .
Print out @paper and stick it inside your Moleskine .
Sublist @pc and make it your screensaver .
Advertisement
Download of the Day : Words screensaver for goals and todo 's
Here 's a neat way to keep your long - term goals at the forefront of your mind .
Lifehacker reader … Read more
From the command line , you can SMS yourself your @phone list like this :
grep @phone todo. txt | sort | mail -s " to call " yourphonenumber@teleflip.com
( Cygwin users , replace " mail " with " email . " )
Schedule that little script to run for a daily - or weekly - SMS reminder to make the phonecalls on your todo list .
Advertisement
Other stuff to dump into .txt
Text files are great for any kind of list or braindump , not just to do's .
Keep a running grocery .
txt for when you go to the supermarket ( also good for SMS ' sing to your phone ) .
How about a yayme. txt to track your achievements , or a mistake log , or a text file where that ranty email you did n't send gets added instead .
Advertisement
See also :
Are you a plain text ninja ?
Let us know what you get done in . txt in the comments or in an email to tips at lifehacker.com .
Advertisement
UPDATE : I 've put together a series of scripts that manage todo.
txt .
See Script your life in . txt for more .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , loves her .txt files .
Her semi- weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Wednesday and Friday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
We 're living in the golden age of the gadget .
Do n't believe it ?
Check your pockets .
Odds are you 're carrying a portable music player , an electronic organizer , a keychain - size storage device , a digital camera , or a cell phone that combines some or all of these functions .
And you 'd probably be hard - pressed to live without them .
At PC World , we'd be lost without these things .
We do n't merely test and write about digital gear , we live and breathe the stuff .
In honor of this raging gizmo infatuation , we polled our editors and asked them to name the top 50 gadgets of the last 50 years .
The rules ?
The devices had to be relatively small ( no cars or big- screen TVs , for example ) , and we considered only those items whose digital descendants are covered in PC World ( cameras , yes ; blenders , no ) .
We rated each gadget on its usefulness , design , degree of innovation , and influence on subsequent gadgets , as well as the ineffable quality we called the " cool factor . "
Then we tallied the results .
After a lot of Web surfing , spreadsheet wrangling , and some near fistfights , we emerged with the following list .
Some items in our Top 50 are innovative devices that appeared briefly and then were quickly consigned to museums and future appearances on eBay , but whose influence spread widely .
Others are products we use every day -- or wish we could .
So join us as we visit with the ghosts of gadgets past and present .
1. Sony Walkman TPS -L2 ( 1979 )
Portable music players are so cheap and ubiquitous today that it's hard to remember when they were luxury items , widely coveted and often stolen .
But when the blue and silver Walkman debuted in 1979 , no one had ever seen anything quite like it .
The $ 200 player virtually invented the concept of " personal electronics . "
The first Walkman ( also branded as the Stowaway , the Soundabout , and the Freestyle before the current name stuck ) featured a cassette player and the world 's first lightweight headphones .
Apparently fearful that consumers would consider the Walkman too antisocial , Sony built the first units with two headphone jacks so you could share music with a friend .
The company later dropped this feature .
Now , more than 25 years and some 330 million units later , nobody wonders why you 're walking down the street with headphones on .
Learn more in Sony 's history of the Walkman .
PCW photo by Rick Rizner ; Walkman courtesy of Melissa Perenson .
The Top 50 Tech Gadgets
Contributing Editor Dan Tynan writes PC World 's Gadget Freak column .
He is also author of Computer Privacy Annoyances ( O'Reilly Media ) .
NSFW
Here 's a Friday poser for you : you 're a member of a highly - advanced alien civilisation and have just travelled to Earth in your hyperdrive - powered craft intending to enjoy a long - weekend break .
The trouble is , you can't decide whether to : a ) nip over to rural Idaho , abduct a farmhand and anally probe him before modifying his DNA and dumping him back on the highway ; or b ) pop down to Billingley in Yorkshire and leave a cryptic message for humanity in a corn field …
Well , it beats crop circles for crowd - pleasing entertainment value .
Quite who Eddie is and why his name is writ large in rural England , we 'll leave that to readers to explain .
Those of you with Google Earth can have a closer look here ( . kmz file ) .
The less highly - evolved can try Google Maps here or should look a couple of hundred metres west of the aforementioned village of Billingley . ®
The plot thickens
Further evidence of alien visitation can be found a couple of fields to the south - west .
Co-ordinates : 53'31'54N 1'21 '24W , Google Maps here , .kmz here .
Be afraid .
Bootnote
Apologies to the reader who forwarded this - we lost your original email in an over - hasty inbox purge .
Some things are worth spending your money on .
Others are n’t .
Worth it :
Not worth it :
When starting a business , here are 5 things you should n’t spend a lot of money on :
Fancy shmancy marketing materials .
Brochures , pamphlets , and other uber - glossy , 4 - color ultra high - end print materials are too expensive when first starting out .
Go the blogging route for a bit of marketing muscle and exposure .
Do a little homework on SEO and targeted advertising through Google Adwords before spending on printed marketing materials .
If business cards are a must ( and they typically are ) try an online service like Great FX Business Cards where you can design your cards online .
Software .
I ’m not advocating the use of pirated software , but there are plenty of online tools that are inexpensive or free , and can be just as effective for starting up your business as more traditional software .
Ex . Google Spreadsheets , Writely , Blinksale , StikiPad , Skype… Advertising .
It may depend somewhat on the business , but advertising is a tough way to go off the bat .
It ’s going to be very expensive and with an early business probably not generate the returns you want .
Instead , try public relations ( PR ) .
PR is less expensive and can be effective at generating buzz / awareness and direct leads .
Try generating referrals and networking , which usually involve a ton of work but little cash upfront .
Office space .
Typically one of the biggest expenses when running a small business .
Avoid it if you can .
Go virtual .
Go home office .
Staff .
You may need to bring people onboard right away , but if you can outsource , try that first .
Definitely outsource things like accounting , bookkeeping and other non-essential functions .
Get good referrals , negotiate good pricing and barter if you can .
This is where your network will play a huge role .
If you ’ve got contacts or friends willing to provide these services for free or at a greatly reduced price , all the better !
For essential services , if you do have to hire people , think sweat equity .
You might not be comfortable taking on partners , but if they ’re minority stakeholders it might be worth the cut in payroll .
Do n’t Forget : It ’s Blog About 5 Things Week !
Join the fun by writing a post on 5 things ; 5 tips , 5 steps , 5 ideas , etc .
Link back here to tell me about it …
Read More !
Guido van Rossum , creator of Python , talks about language design , favorite Python projects , and the future of Python .
Python 's roots in ABC
Why Python is more like Lisp than c
Python 2.5 and Python 3000
His early design mistakes
The Mythical Man Month and second system syndrome
Unicode support
The Python Elevator Pitch
Web Frameworks like Django and TurboGears , which runs one of my favorite sites , Diggdot
Using Python as glue
How To Think Like A Computer Scientist Using Python
Thanks to CacheFly for providing the bandwidth for this podcast .
The hard truth about oil
No matter what the president says , conservation is America 's only route to energy independence .
NEW YORK ( FORTUNE ) - Presidents going back to Richard Nixon have been talking about energy independence .
It 's one of those vote - getting platforms that no one could possibly be against -- like world peace , mom and apple pie .
It gives us the illusion of control over our energy destiny , which we do n't have , at least in a fossil - fuel based economy .
But it 's a lost cause .
The only way we 're ever going to be able to boost oil supplies here at home is through conservation , and that 's something the government is going to have push aggressively , at least until technological advances like cellulosic ethanol , hydrogen and other alternative energy forms become available .
Do n't take my word for it .
Just listen to what Big Oil has to say .
It 's not every day that an industry best known for keeping its head down takes issue with the President of the United States on the subject of ending our dependence on foreign oil .
But that 's exactly what happened on Tuesday when an Exxon Mobil ( Research ) exec had the courage to say aloud what every oil insider in the world knows -- America is n't going to be ' energy independent ' anytime soon , if ever .
" Realistically , it is simply not feasible in any period relevant to our discussion today , " Exxon Senior V.P. Stuart McGill told the crowd at a Houston energy conference , according to Reuters .
Referring to the gap between imports and domestic production -- which is about 10 million barrels , or half our daily consumption , McGill said , " Americans depend upon imports to fill the gap .
No combination of conservation measures , alternative energy sources and technological advances could realistically and economically provide a way to completely replace those imports in the short or medium term . "
McGill 's remarks got top billing on the popular Drudge Report Web site on Wednesday , which suggests they 're shocking , or at least surprising .
They should n't be .
A declining oil province
Nearly five years ago , then - CEO Lee Raymond of Exxon told FORTUNE that finding all the oil we need here at home " was a failed notion under Richard Nixon , and it 's certainly a failed notion today . "
Raymond , who retired at the end of last year , was the most successful oilman of his generation , as Exxon 's record $ 36 billion in profits last year shows .
But he had no illusions about the United States as an oil producer .
" We 're a declining oil province and have been for 25 years , " he said .
To be fair , President Bush did take some very valuable - and significant steps forward in his State of the Union address .
Like noting the high cost of depending on the Middle East and other volatile regions for our crude , and being bold enough to actually use the word addiction , which many politicians have studiously avoided .
And talking up the potential of cellulosic ethanol , which FORTUNE recently wrote about ( click here to read that story ) , but needs much greater investment and support .
Getting OPEC 's attention
Ironically , conservation is the one way we can have some say over our energy security .
While OPEC leaders may know better than to take our talk of energy independence seriously , a serious push for conservation would get the attention of the energy markets and drive prices lower .
If you do n't believe me , just look at how oil prices have dipped from near $ 68 a barrel a few weeks ago to $ 63 now .
Natural gas prices have come down even more .
This is because warm weather in the U.S. has meant that we 've consumed less energy than anticipated , leading to a surge in supplies .
But this episode was a matter of good luck , with perhaps a little help from global warming .
Imagine if through conservation , we could achieve the same kind of reduction in energy consumption .
Or if the government began pushing Detroit and foreign automakers to increase fuel efficiency .
We 'd get a lot more oil that way than by drilling in Alaska .
And while conservation wo n't end the need for imports , it could ultimately get us a lot closer to energy independence than any of the President 's other suggestions .
BAGHDAD , Iraq , Sept. 7 — More than 1,500 violent deaths were recorded in Baghdad in August , a morgue official said today , making the month less violent than July but undermining earlier reports of a sharper drop in deaths .
The morgue official , who spoke only on the condition of anonymity , said 1,535 bodies were processed in August , about the same number as in June and a 17 percent reduction from July .
The total of 1,855 bodies in July made it the deadliest month for civilians since the American - led invasion in 2003 .
The morgue ’s August total conflicts with a sense among many Baghdad residents that death rates had recently ebbed , and it casts doubt on the effectiveness of a four - week American military operation to reduce violence in several of the city ’s most dangerous neighborhoods .
The morgue figures also undermine recent claims by American military officials that Baghdad ’s murder rate had plummeted as a result of American - led security operations in western Baghdad .
On Thursday , for instance , Maj. Gen. William B. Caldwell IV , the military ’s top spokesman , wrote on a military Web site that since Aug. 7 , murders in Baghdad had declined by 52 percent compared with the daily rate in July .
But that lower rate does not include dozens , perhaps hundreds , of civilians who died violently in August .
A Globes - Smith survey published on Monday showed that the majority of Israelis ( 52 percent ) believe the IDF was unsuccessful in its Lebanon offensive , as opposed to 44 percent who believe the army did well .
According to the survey , 58 percent of the public believes Israel achieved few if any objectives in the war , up from 16 percent 11 days ago .
The survey showed that only 3 percent of Israelis believe that the country achieved most or all of its pre-war objectives , down from 33 percent a week ago .
According to the survey , were the elections held today Prime Minister Ehud Olmert ’s Kadima party would receive less than 20 mandates ( as opposed to the 29 it received in the March elections ) , while Defense Minister Amir Peretz ’s Labor party would receive only 12 mandates ( as opposed to the 19 it obtained in the recent elections ) .
66 percent : Ceasefire agreement not good
Overall , 60 percent of those who voted for Kadima and Labor said they would not vote for them , with most becoming undecided voters at this time .
The picture emerging from the new survey is fundamentally different from the one prevalent during the month of the war in the North , where the public expressed its support for both the government and military – positions that can be characterized as " patriotic . "
About half the public believes the ceasefire would be maintained for longer than a month , while 35 percent think it would only last a week .
Only six percent of respondents said they thought the Security Council resolution that ended the fighting is good and achieves most of Israel 's objections .
Meanwhile , 66 percent believe the agreement is not good – only a quarter of those said this is the best agreement that can be obtained under the circumstances .
Overall , 38 percent said the deal is not good but Israel had no choice but to accept it .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday February 3 2006
The mineral content of milk and popular meats has fallen significantly in the past 60 years , according to a new analysis of government records of the chemical composition of everyday food .
The research looked at government tables published in 1940 , and again in 2002 , in the nutritional bible , The Composition of Foods , to establish levels of important minerals in dairy products and meat before the second world war and today .
The research , which is contested by the food and farming industry , found a marked decline in nutritional value during the period .
The analysis is published in this month 's Food magazine by the consumer watchdog the Food Commission .
The levels of iron recorded in the average rump steak have dropped by 55 % , while magnesium fell by 7 % .
Looking at 15 different meat items , the analysis found that the iron content had fallen on average by 47 % .
The iron content of milk had dropped by more than 60 % , and by more than 50 % for cream and eight different cheeses .
Milk appears to have lost 2 % of its calcium , and 21 % of its magnesium too .
Most cheeses showed a fall in magnesium and calcium levels .
According to the analysis , cheddar provides 9 % less calcium today , 38 % less magnesium and 47 % less iron , while parmesan shows the steepest drop in nutrients , with magnesium levels down by 70 % and iron all gone compared with its content in the years up to 1940 .
The reseach was conducted by David Thomas , a chiropractor and nutritionist who prescribes and sells mineral supplements .
He published an earlier historical analysis of the nutrient content of fruit and vegetables in 2000 which showed a similar decline in those foods .
He attributes the loss of nutrients to intensive farming and industrial production .
Academics in the US and Denmark have also reported signficant changes in the nutritional profile of modern foods .
The Food Commission believes that changes in the methods of measuring the composition of food cannot account for the huge difference in nutrient content and has called for independent research on the effects of different farming methods .
" Minerals are easy to detect and measure and have been since the 19th century .
It is almost impossible that methods have changed so much that it would explain the huge difference between these figures , " the Food Commission 's director , Dr Tim Lobstein , said .
" One of the key arguments is that today 's agriculture does not allow the soil to enrich itself , but depends on chemical fertilisers that do n't replace the wide variety of nutrients plants and humans need . "
Scientists at the University of Newcastle 's agriculture school have looked at differences in the fat and vitamin composition of milk produced in different farming systems .
" We know that the faster grass grows the more you dilute the uptake of trace elements , " Gillian Butler , a researcher , said .
Another explanation might be that in traditional farming , clover , which is higher in minerals than grass , also played a greater part in feeding animals .
The director of the Italian parmesan consortium , Leo Bertozzi , said the figures were a puzzle .
" Our methods of making cheese have not changed , but milk in 1940 was not the same as milk today .
Today cows yield five to six times as many litres a day , and their feed is different , with cereals and soya added to hay .
But I find these figures surprising , " he said .
The research has , however , been challenged by the food and farming industries which argue that the testing methods have changed .
They also say that huge changes in the varieties grown and the ways in which food is transported and stored , make direct comparison difficult .
The Food Standards Agency , which publishes The Composition of Food , agrees that using the government tables to make historical comparisons is problemmatic .
" Any differences over time could be due to a wide variety of factors , including variety and breed , animal husbandry , growth , storage conditions , preparation and cooking methods as well as diferences in analytical methodology , " it said in a statement .
The Dairy Council said it believed that changes in farming practices and environmental factors would account for only a small reduction in mineral content .
" It is more likely that the differences are due to improvements in analytical methods used to measure minerals in milk , " its director , Judith Bryans , said .
The Meat and Livestock Commission also attributed the decline in nutrients to better testing methods .
" What goes in is what comes out , and the only signficant shift in beef production has been from hay to silage .
If these figures were true we'd expect to see a lot of anaemic cows wondering around , " Mike Attenborough , an MLC technical expert , said .
the probability that the death march will end in success or failure
the morale of the folks who are on the death march
mission impossible ( good chance of success and everybody is pumped )
No doubt about it . . . if you 're going to go on a death march project , this is the kind to be on .
They are incredible team building experiences and you 're likely to have excellent opportunities to do interesting things , learn new stuff and just generally have fun .
Unfortunately , if you succeed then management will use the success as evidence that the naysayers were wrong ( i.e. the next project is likely to be yet another death march ) and the emotional letdown that occurs if you fail is " no fun at all " .
ugly ( good chance of success but it will be achieved at a high people cost )
These are the sorts of death march projects which literally consume people .
Expect to see a trail of broken people and relationships scattered along the wayside of one of these experiences .
This type of death march is frequently a quite literal life altering experience for participants .
People can find themselves suddenly single again , embarking on a new career or living out of a cardboard box well before the end of one of these death marches .
Participants in ugly death marches generally swear solemn oaths that they will NEVER do THAT again !
Strangely ( or not ) enough , participants in the other kinds of death marches are much less likely to swear such oaths .
kamikaze ( poor chance of success but it will be GLORIOUS )
The deadlines are insane , the budgets are a cruel joke and the pressure is out of this world but it does n't matter because everyone knows that the honour of the team is at stake and NOBODY is going to let the team down .
Like the mission impossible death marches , participants in a kamikaze death march can expect to make or reinforce long lasting friendships ( forged in the fire of hell ) and learn a lot about about themselves and their craft .
Actually reaching the end of a kamikaze death march and discovering that you 've succeeded can be a very strange feeling which is a strange mixture of the disappointment of not dying the warrior 's death and the relief of having successfully defended " the homeland " from the barbarians .
Some have used the term Klingon death marches to describe kamikaze death marches ( for reasons which will be clear to any Star Trek fan ) .
suicide ( poor chance of success and everybody is unhappy )
Trust me . . . you DO NOT want to be on one of these .
Everyone from the project leader on down KNOWS that the " light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an oncoming train " but there just does n't seem to be any way to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat or to even run away and hide somewhere until it 's all over .
If there is an upside to this kind of death march , it 's that if a miracle happens and you actually SUCCEED then the feeling of elation and relief far exceeds that felt upon the successful completion of any of the other kinds of death marches .
Of course , you wo n't succeed and everybody knows it but it might be at least somewhat heartening to know that you 'll really enjoy the feeling if you do .
In his book Edward Yourdon explains that " software development " death marches have two orthogonal characteristics :
This classification system leads to four typesof death marches :
1 Yourdon quotes an e-mail at the end of the chapter that discusses these death march types ( chapter 2 ) .
The e-mail describes a fifth type of death march which the e-mail 's author calls the lost squadron death march .
Such a death march unfolds ( unravels ? ) through an apparently never ending series of changes to the project 's requirements .
Participants have simply lost track of where they 're trying to get to so they spend their days mostly just wandering around in the wilderness .
Although in some respects these are suicide death marches ( i.e. zero chance of success and everybody knows it ) , the two kinds of death marches are arguably fundamentally different .
Many of the participants in a suicide death march may just give up and start coasting but , unlike in a lost squadron death march where essentially everybody has lost track of what the goals are and is just " going through the motions " , a significant number of the participants in a suicide death march will continue working toward the project 's goals right to the bitter end .
This w/u is presented with all due respect to the victims of real life death marches .
Nothing you 'll ever experience in the worst technical development project imaginable is even remotely comparable to what the victims of the Bataan Death March and other real life death marches went through ( roughly 20,000 people died over a period of ten or so days during the Bataan Death March ) .
Sources
Vedana is raw physical sensation , the objective observation of which can provide insight into the impermanent nature of all things .
Discovering sleep in vertebrates and invertebrates alike has led scientists to conclude that it emerged very early in animal evolution -- perhaps 600 million years ago .
" What we 're doing in sleeping is a very old evolutionary phenomenon , " Dr. Lima said .
Scientists have offered a number of ideas about the primordial function of sleep .
Dr. Tononi believes that it originally evolved as a way to allow neurons to recover from a hard day of learning .
" When you 're awake you learn all the time , whether you know it or not , " he said .
Learning strengthens some connections between neurons , known as synapses , and even forms new synapses .
These synapses demand a lot of extra energy , though .
" That means that at the end of the day , you have a brain that costs you more energy , " Dr. Tononi said .
" That 's where sleep would kick in . "
He argues that slow waves weaken synapses through the night .
" If everything gets weaker , you still keep your memories , but overall the strength goes down , " he said .
" The next morning you gain in terms of energy and performance . "
Dr. Tononi and his University of Wisconsin colleague , Dr. Chiara Cirelli , present this hypothesis in a paper to be published in the journal Sleep Medicine Reviews .
Dr. Tononi believes it can be tested in the future , as scientists document sleep in other animal species .
" It would be a very basic thing that would apply to any brain that can change , " he said .
It has been almost 600 million years since human ancestors diverged from those of flies .
As those ancestors evolved , their sleep evolved as well .
Human sleep , for example , features not only slow - wave sleep , but bouts of sleep when the eyes make rapid movements and when we dream .
Rapid eye movement , or REM sleep , as it is known , generally comes later in the night , after periods of intense slow - wave sleep .
Other mammals also experience a mix of REM and non-REM sleep , as do birds .
Sleep researchers would like to know whether this pattern existed in the common ancestors of birds and mammals , reptilian animals that lived 310 million years ago .
It is also possible that birds and mammals independently evolved this sleep pattern , just as birds and bats independently evolved wings .
The Meaning of Borat
For this week ’s Sunday Bonus Post , I ’m reprinting a note I sent to some email lists .
I went to see the film Borat last night .
To be honest , I did n’t really enjoy it as entertainment as much as I thought I would .
Nevertheless , I thought I wanted to correct a common misconception .
A lot of people seem to think the movie is just making fun of stereotypes .
Borat is a sterotypical foreigner , his “ victims ” are stereotypical Americans , and the humor comes from laughing at them .
There are perhaps a couple short scenes where this might be true , but it ’s a pretty small part of the film .
In reality , Borat is about the existence and enforcement of cultural norms .
In place after place , Borat goes somewhere and does exactly what you ’re not supposed to do .
By doing so , he demonstrates exactly what our cultural assumptions are , makes us laugh uncomfortably at their violation while we start to question their legitimacy , and then documents the punishment inflicted for violating them .
There are scenes where he questions feminist dogma , provides a brilliant critique of nationalist rhetoric , violates norms about racial integration , takes superstar - worship culture to its logical conclusion , and , in my favorite scene , deconstructs the fake niceties of the television interview ( something I ’ve always dreamed of doing ) .
This is an incredibly tough kind of humor to do , because watching people violate cultural norms is so challenging .
We ’re ingrained from birth with an injunction to follow the rules of behavior in such situations and violating them does not come naturally .
( A Japanese friend said that watching the film was actually painful in parts . )
Even though , as I said , I personally did n’t enjoy the film as much as I hoped , I still think that it ’s an important project .
Challenging cultural assumptions is incredibly tough .
If you just criticize them outright , people think you ’re weird and dismiss you .
And if you violate them yourselves , you suffer the social punishments .
But it ’s a very worthwhile cause ; I ’m glad to see someone receive so much success for trying .
You should follow me on twitter here .
November 12 , 2006
THAT employment in manufacturing , once the engine of growth , is in a long , slow decline in the rich world is a familiar notion .
That it is on its way to being virtually wiped out is not .
Yet calculations by The Economist suggest that manufacturing now accounts for less than 10 % of total jobs in America .
Other rich countries are moving in that direction , too , with Britain close behind America , followed by France and Japan , with Germany and Italy lagging behind ( see article ) .
Shrinking employment in any sector sounds like bad news .
It is n't .
Manufacturing jobs disappear because economies are healthy , not sick .
The decline of manufacturing in rich countries is a more complex story than the piles of Chinese - made goods in shops suggest .
Manufacturing output continues to expand in most developed countries — in America , by almost 4 % a year on average since 1991 .
Despite the rise in Chinese exports , America is still the world 's biggest manufacturer , producing about twice as much , measured by value , as China .
The continued growth in manufacturing output shows that the fall in jobs has not been caused by mass substitution of Chinese goods for locally made ones .
It has happened because rich - world companies have replaced workers with new technology to boost productivity and shifted production from labour - intensive products such as textiles to higher - tech , higher value - added , sectors such as pharmaceuticals .
Within firms , low - skilled jobs have moved offshore .
Higher - value R&D , design and marketing have stayed at home .
All that is good .
Faster productivity growth means higher average incomes .
Low rates of unemployment in the countries which have shifted furthest away from manufacturing suggest that most laid - off workers have found new jobs .
And consumers have benefited from cheap Chinese imports .
Yet there is a residual belief that making things you can drop on your toe is superior to working in accounting or hairdressing .
Manufacturing jobs , it is often said , are better than the Mcjobs typical in the service sector .
Yet working conditions in services are often pleasanter and safer than on an assembly line , and average wages in the fastest - growing sectors , such as finance , professional and business services , education and health , are higher than in manufacturing .
A second worry is that services are harder to export , so if developed economies make fewer goods , how will they pay for imports ?
But rich countries already increasingly pay their way in the world by exporting services .
America has a huge trade deficit not because it is not exporting enough , but because American consumers are spending too much .
A new concern is that it is no longer just dirty blue - collar jobs that are being sucked offshore .
Poor countries now have easier access to first - world technology .
Combined with low wages , it is argued , they can make everything — including high - tech goods — more cheaply .
But that 's only partly true .
China 's comparative advantage is in labour - intensive industries ; and a basic principle of economics , proven time and again , is that even if a country can make everything more cheaply , it will still gain from specialising in goods in which it has a comparative advantage .
Developed economies ' comparative advantage is in knowledge - intensive activities , because they have so much skilled labour .
For years to come , China will be more likely to assemble the best computers than to design them .
Employment in rich countries will have to shift towards higher skilled jobs to maintain economic growth .
Countries that prevent this shift taking place risk being left behind .
Rather than block it , governments need to try to ameliorate the pains which change inflicts by , for example , retraining or temporarily helping those workers who lose their jobs .
People always resist change , yet sustained growth relies on a continuous shift in resources to more efficient use .
In 1820 , for example , 70 % of American workers were in agriculture ; today 2 % are .
If all those workers had remained tilling the land , America would now be a lot poorer .
Domain Driven Design can help handle complex behaviors when building software .
But for data - driven devs , the change in perspective is n’t always easy .
In this 3 - part series published in MSDN Magazine , Julie Lerman shares some pointers that helped her get comfortable with DDD .
Read article
Read More →
Andrew A. Samwick , chief economist on the Council of Economic Advisers from July 2003 to June 2004 , and a professor of economics at Dartmouth , is a member in good standing .
So is Martin S. Feldstein , the intellectual godfather of a generation of Republican economists .
In June , Mr. Feldstein laid out his own Pigovian plan on the home page of Republican economic orthodoxy — the Wall Street Journal editorial page .
The government , Mr. Feldstein said , should essentially ration gas by distributing tradable gas rights that entitle people to use gasoline .
Those who do n’t want to use them could sell them , and those who want to drive more would buy them .
“ The 50 - cent price of the T.G.R. would have the same incentive effect as a 50 - cent gasoline tax , ” he wrote .
What gives ?
Clearly , there is an emerging consensus among economists — right and left — that the nation would be better off , geopolitically and economically , if Americans used less gasoline .
“ Given the role that imported oil plays today , you ca n’t continue to be a responsible economist and not talk about ways to reduce that dependence , ” Mr. Samwick said .
“ If you are concerned about the external consequences of imported oil , then you should raise the cost of it . ”
And free - market economists view a higher gas tax as a more elegant solution than , for example , raising auto efficiency standards .
Others chalk up the rising chorus for a higher gas tax to a growing unity among economists across the political spectrum on the deleterious effects of global warming .
“ The U.S. has reasonable arguments for not signing the Kyoto treaty , but we need to propose some other measure that will help reduce emissions , ” said Kenneth Rogoff , former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund and professor of economics at Harvard .
A sharply higher tax on gas would help reduce consumption , and hence emissions .
But as much as Republican - leaning economists like Messrs .
Greenspan , Mankiw and Samwick may think that it ’s a good idea , the Republican politicians who control the levers of power in Washington think that it ’s an awfully bad one , even though gas taxes in the United States are far lower than those in other industrialized countries .
According to the International Energy Agency , American gas taxes in August were a mere 40 cents a gallon on average , compared with $ 4.24 a gallon in Britain and $ 3.99 in Germany .
The last increase in the federal gas tax was enacted as part of the so - called deficit reduction act of 1993 , a package of spending cuts and tax hikes that did n’t receive a single Republican vote in Congress .
And because President Bush and his top political advisers are known to be adamantly opposed to any increase in the gas tax , economic advisers have n’t pushed it much .
“ We did n’t have policy discussions about raising the gas tax , ” Mr. Samwick recalls of his time in the White House .
» Overview | Charts | Timeline |
Tell your story online !
| Special Report Pundits and knitters find common ground in Web logs Editor 's note :
As part of its Online Evolution special report , CNN.com is asking several Web and Internet pioneers for their thoughts on the impact and future of the Internet .
Mena Trott is president and co-founder of Six Apart , a company that makes Web log publishing tools .
SPECIAL REPORT RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Blogs Internet or or Create Your Own ( CNN ) -- Mena Trott 's personal Web log is n't exactly the stuff of headlines .
She writes mostly about her daily life -- what she did over the weekend , what 's she 's reading , what she ate for dinner .
Chances are , if she were n't the co-founder of a successful Web log publishing company ( Six Apart ) , her Web log probably would n't get much press .
Dollarshort.org , like many other Web logs , is a distant cousin of the popular political opinion sites that keep cropping up in the news .
Both use the same technology , but to slightly different ends .
Trott spoke recently by phone with CNN. com 's Lila King about the phenomenon of Web logs -- what they 're good for , where they 're heading , and how they serve pundits and knitters alike .
CNN : What do you think the Internet 's biggest impact has been ?
TROTT : The ability for anybody to really be able to communicate online .
...
Even if you 're in sub-Saharan Africa , there is someone that can post your story .
And that ability to communicate with anybody is something that we take so much for granted , but if it stopped , I do n't know how we would live our lives .
CNN : What do you use the Internet for primarily ?
TROTT : I use it to keep in touch with my friends and my family .
I read what 's going on in the world , but at the end of the day , that 's not the thing I want to read .
[ I look at ] photo - sharing services , my LiveJournal .
It 's like a part of me .
... I just write things documenting my life .
...
For example , I have a Web log where I take a picture of myself every day .
And it sounds incredibly vain , but it 's something that I can go back and I can look at February 12 and I can see what I looked like , see what I was wearing , and I go back to that day .
And there 's no other way to really do that .
Visual imagery is the best way to capture moments .
CNN : What is it that makes you want to write these things publicly instead of , say , scribbling in your diary ?
TROTT : I think we do want an audience ...
I think we have this desire to have our voices heard , even if you 're not writing this diatribe about something .
...
It 's a nice way to kind of keep people in the loop in your life .
We do n't really have time to do that .
It 's funny , because people say technology is the thing that speeds up our lives and kind of prevents us from communicating the way we used to .
What I 'm seeing is it 's enabling us to kind of have that .
...
Knitting blogs are a huge phenomenon .
I find it fascinating because knitting and sewing are things that have historically drawn women -- and now men , too -- together in groups to talk about their families , talk about their lives , talk about society .
And they would use sewing and knitting and quilting as this way of getting together .
I do n't think it 's any coincidence that knitting is one of the things that drives a lot of people to Web logging and to online communities .
What I want to see and I what I think the Internet is really evolving to is this idea that taking these things that we 've done offline for centuries and millennia and bringing it in a way that is compatible with our daily lives .
We live in e-mail , we live in front of the computer , we live with our cell phones .
But we have to figure a way to work all these things in together .
CNN : How much will the Internet change over the next 10 years ?
TROTT : I think that blogging is going more and more mainstream , and in 10 years I doubt it will be called " blogging . "
It may not even look like what we 're doing today .
But the whole idea [ of being ] able to quickly express what you want to say online is going to be still a big part of what we do .
Another big part is going to be mobile computing and devices .
I use my cell phone right now to post to my Web log .
I post something every day to that one with pictures of me .
It 's mindless , it 's just something I can do really quickly and it does n't interfere with my life at all .
...
Being able to record your life is something that I can imagine everyone [ doing ] .
[ Everyone will ] have terabyte after terabyte of all these instances of their lives .
And certain information is going to be available to certain groups and other will be available only to like family and other stuff will be available only to you .
So in 10 years , I can fully imagine every moment of my life is documented .
And the privacy will be there to prevent it from being used in a malicious way .
But that I think is the biggest thing .
We 're going into a recording of life .
CNN : Anything you predict that will surprise us ?
TROTT : What needs to happen is we need to move away from the desktop computer model .
Not everyone sits in front of a computer .
There are a lot of people who see a computer every once in a while .
They 're either afraid to touch it or they do n't have any reason to .
I think we 're going to have our devices , like cell phones that are going to ... have to be easy for everyone to use .
...
We have to bring this technology to as many people as possible and not just have it limited to white , affluent , middle class Americans .
... I 'm surprised I 'm here right now , with this company .
It was a hobby for me , and a passion , and there was such a need that it got to the point where it was a company .
That I have any influence amazes me .
CNN : Where are the women bloggers ?
TROTT : I think the women are there .
I think what we see is a focus on topics that tend to be more male - dominated , so we do n't get as much coverage .
Men blog more about politics .
Politics are more likely to get picked up by the media .
Technology has always been male - dominated .
So there 's this sort of echo chamber .
But there 's knitting , this family , these topics that have been relegated to being sub - par blogging , which I disagree with completely .
Seventy - five percent of our users on LiveJournal are female .
And on Typepad and Movabletype it 's almost a 50/50 split .
There are women blogging , they just do n't need to be so loud .
CNN : How do you think blogging will evolve ?
What 's next ?
TROTT : We need to get mainstream users blogging .
They 're very put off , I think , when we do focus groups .
The words we hear are " egotistical , " " too much free time , " " people in their bathrobes ranting . "
But there 's so much more about blogging .
I do n't fit any of those personas -- well , maybe egotistical .
I started my blog because I wanted to write humorous stories about my life .
And I think most people have the ability to do that .
And once they get over the fear that everyone 's going to read it or it 's going to get you fired , ... when they hear about blogs , it 's always about someone getting fired .
When people get fired , it 's not because they keep a blog , it 's because they have no judgment .
That sort of thing puts people off .
What we need to do is get people informed and make it as easy to use as e-mail .
I hope it does n't take 10 years to get that way with blogging .
That 's what the Internet is to me .
It has given me a voice that I had never imagined .
...
There 's a power you can harness if you know how to use a medium .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
How much would Pepsi pay to get Coke ’s secret formula ?
A few days back some dastardly Coca - Cola employees got nabbed trying to sell corporate secrets to Pepsi .
Pepsi turned the bad guys in and cooperated in the sting operation .
Did the executives at Pepsi give up the chance to make huge profits at Coke ’s expense in order to “ do the right thing ? ”
I had lunch with my friend and colleague Kevin Murphy yesterday .
He made an interesting point : knowing Coke ’s secret formula is probably worth almost nothing to Pepsi .
Here is the logic .
Let ’s say that Pepsi knew Coke ’s secret formula and could publish it so that anyone could make a drink that tasted just like Coke .
That would be a lot like what happens to prescription drugs when they go off patent and generic drug companies come in .
The impact would be that the price of real Coke would fall a lot ( probably not all the way to the price of the generic Coke knockoffs ) .
This would clearly be terrible for Coke .
It would probably also be bad for Pepsi .
With Coke now much cheaper , people would switch from Pepsi to Coke .
Pepsi profits would likely fall .
So if Pepsi had Coke ’s secret formula , they would n’t want to give it away to everyone .
What if they instead kept it to themselves and made their own drink that tasted exactly like Coke ?
If they could really convince people that their drink was identical to Coke , then the new Pepsi-made version of Coke and the Real Thing would be what economists call “ perfect substitutes . ”
When two goods are essentially interchangeable in consumers ’ minds , that tends to lead to fierce price competition and very low profits .
Neither Coke nor the Pepsi knockoff of it would be very profitable as a consequence .
With the price of Coke lower , consumers would switch away from the original Pepsi to either Coke or the new Pepsi-made Coke knockoff , which would be far less profitable than original Pepsi anyway .
In the end , both Coke and Pepsi would likely be worse off if Pepsi had Coke ’s secret formula and acted on it .
So , maybe the executives at Pepsi were acting morally and honorably when they turned in the criminals stealing Coke ’s secrets .
Or maybe they are just good economists .
Common Lisp - Myths and Legends
Lisp has been supporting the world 's most complex applications since 1958 .
And Lisp has grown a lot since then .
So if you or someone you know harbors fears or concerns about Lisp because of something learned in a class or muttered by a friend 20 or 30 years ago , it 's time to take a fresh look .
In this paper we 're going to survey what Lisp is today .
Partially , Lisp is the stuff of Legends .
We hear again and again from our users that writing their system in Lisp cut their investment in developer years by a factor of five or ten .
" We could n't have done this in any other language , " they say .
Once bitten by Lisp , they do n't want to let go .
In this paper we 'll take a look at some of the reasons for this enthusiasm , at why lisp is the premier language for advanced application development .
There are a lot of myths out there which need to be dispelled , and we 've decided to take some of these head - on in this paper .
If we leave you with any questions , please feel welcome to ask a LispWorks representative to clarify them .
We 're not afraid of hard questions ; confronting hard questions is our speciality .
And it also happens to be what has kept Lisp alive and strong through four decades !
Who 's Using Lisp ?
You do n't always see it , but Lisp is all around you .
The Web is growing as fast for Lisp as for the rest of the industry .
Yahoo !
Store includes a WYSIWYG editor for editing your online store through a standard web browser .
The editor is written in Common Lisp .
Public domain Lisp - based web servers include CL - HTTP , architected by John Mallery at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory .
Some companies consider Lisp technology so valuable that they tend to keep their use of it under wraps ; this is often a source of frustration to those wanting to crow about Lisp 's successes .
But in 1994 , in an unusual move , AT&T permitted Harlequin to confirm that they had ``been supplying Lisp consulting services and products to AT&T , in support of AT&T's development of switched virtual circuit capabilities ' ' .
Toward this end , Harlequin created a special variant of its LispWorks ® system which offers the realtime response necessary to meet AT&T 's rigorous needs , even in spite of being a garbage collected system !
Do you use a credit card ?
It 's quite possible there 's Lisp technology used when you present your card for authorization .
Fraud detection is another area where Lisp has been used with great success .
Xanalys Ltd uses Common Lisp within application products .
Its Xanalys LinkEXPLORER is a LispWorks application .
In addition to the above specific examples involving internet web services , telecommunications , document translation , credit - card fraud detection , and criminal investigation , Lisp is also used in applications involving financial and investment analysis and tracking stock market trends , airline scheduling , space exploration , process planning and scheduling , robotics , chemistry , medicine , physics .
That 's a broad range of uses , but it has an important commonality : each of these areas confronts seriously hard problems .
So from this we can evolve a checklist of possible reasons for using Lisp .
Should I be using Lisp ?
We wo n't claim that everyone should be using Lisp , but there are some particular situations in which we think you 're really hurting yourself if you 're not .
If you answer yes to any of the following questions , Lisp is definitely for you :
Is the problem very complex or ill - specified ?
Experience shows that Lisp excels at dealing with partially specified problems and problems whose essential nature is not fully known at the outset .
A programmer can write an approximation to a process and then use the programming to refine his or her understanding of the process interactively .
Does the problem involve multiple representations of data from varying sources ?
Because of Lisp 's flexible class system and dynamic typing , configuring robust systems is easy .
If new data types are added , classes and methods already compiled usually do not have to be recompiled in order to interact properly .
Lisp is ideal for large systems that evolve over time .
Do the conditions of the problem change frequently , even dynamically ?
Lisp has become highly optimized over the years for `incremental change ' .
For example : New function and class definitions can be loaded after Lisp starts , even multiple times to accommodate runtime redefinition of behavior .
The default behavior of class redefinition is to update existing data to accommodate the new definition automatically in a fairly general way that usually involves no programming at all , but more refined programmer control of this process is available for cases where it is needed .
Methods on new datatypes can be added to existing generic functions without access to sources for the methods on existing datatypes and without the need to recompile existing methods !
! Lisp 's automatic storage mechanism , the ``garbage collector '' , is constantly on guard to reclaim old storage in the face of redefinition .
These are only some of the many features Lisp has to support incrementality in ways that most other languages do not .
Does the program have to be delivered quickly ?
Many features of Lisp support rapid prototyping and application delivery .
Lisp provides a comprehensive set of pre-defined libraries .
The presence of the garbage collector saves time in writing storage reclamation code , permits more flexible programming styles , and avoids wasted programmer time tracking down obscure memory leaks .
Lisp makes it easy to write modular code and to test modules interactively .
For more information about the features of Lisp that support rapid prototyping , see : http://www.nhplace.com/kent/PS/Hindsight.html
Will the program have to be frequently modified and updated ?
The last thing one wants to have to do is to constantly be recompiling every module of change .
As we have discussed already , Lisp is optimized for incrementality and redefinition .
Common operations like adding or deleting a method , or adding and deleting a slot do n't normally require recompilation of a whole system .
Will the program have to deal with faulty or erroneous data ?
The last thing you want is to have programs that think error handling means popping up a bomb box or dumping core .
Lisp 's error handling capabilities are powerful and give you a lot more options than that .
It 's easy to control the disposition of a specific kind of error dynamically .
Also , the error system of Lisp is active , not passive , so you do n't have to be constantly checking functions to see if they returned " error codes " rather than correct results .
You can write your programs to assume a correct result will come back because you can arrange for an active transfer of control to happen in the case where an error occurs .
This makes programming more modular and also avoids compounding an error by failing to test for it !
The problems we 've enumerated above are ones that usually cause other programming languages to fall flat .
But they are the very things that Lisp was designed , through its long association with the Artificial Intelligence community , to handle best .
So what does n't Lisp do ?
Well , we do n't get a lot of call for it to do business accounting systems .
Bulk processing of well - understood , very homogenous data is something Lisp could do but is rarely called upon to do because commodity languages usually work fine .
But it 's almost too bad Lisp has n't been used for more business systems because among Lisp 's many features is a built - in understanding of dates and times which is not susceptible to the Year 2000 bug .
And Lisp 's dynamically modifiable class and object system would provide excellent support for the changing needs of growing companies .
Oh , and we do n't tend to do terribly well on dumping out tiny ``hello world '' executables .
So if your only need is a program that does very little and is correspondingly tiny , we 're probably not the language for you .
But in our experience , one 's needs tend to grow with time and we find that ``hello world '' is not typical in size or functionality to real commercial programs .
So we 've focused our energies on optimizing real programs .
What Does Lisp Offer Me ?
In one sentence : Lisp offers you a stunning level of productivity which frees you to write complex , robust , understandable and evolving applications with an order - of - magnitude reduction in the associated pain .
Lisp systems are particularly good at supporting rapid prototyping - you develop your application the same way as you think about it : from the top down .
Modules can be constructed in isolation , partially written programs can be tested and debugged interactively .
Interpreted code under development can be freely mixed with highly optimized compiled code .
Lisp IDEs generally come with a built - in lisp editor - the code you write becomes a fully integrated part of your system as you write it , and you never have to leave your lisp session to rebuild and start over .
Your development style ends up reflecting the dynamic powers of the language itself : you can redefine your functions and classes , as often as you want , both in development and in the running application .
You do n't have to worry about implementing a whole load of primitives just to get yourself going , because the language provides them for you .
Then when the job 's done you can deliver either free - running executables or relocatable libraries ( DLLs on Windows ) .
Tree - shaking and pruning tools are typically provided to help you cut you application down to size .
ANSI Common Lisp
Lisp is actually a whole family of languages , but in this document we 're mostly talking about ANSI Common Lisp , the Lisp dialect of choice for industrial - strength applications development worldwide .
ANSI Common Lisp offers you the following features :
Compiler configurability
Using simple constructs within Lisp itself you get to select where your code will run fast , where it will run slower but " safe " ( automatically performing checks on the data as it runs ) , and where the compilation itself will be rapid .
You can specify this by the system , per file , or even on a line - by - line basis when you need to .
Further constructs allow you to state which functions should be compiled inline .
Macros
A powerful and elegant macro facility allows lisp code to generate more lisp code .
The macros themselves are also written in lisp and can perform arbitrary operations as part of the expansion process .
Calls to the macro- expander have the same syntax as function calls - there is no sense of leaving lisp or learning a second language .
Common Lisp Object System Otherwise known as CLOS , the most advanced object system in the world .
It supports : dynamic change of an object 's class , dynamic method recombination for runtime - added methods without access to source code or any need to " rebuild " , dispatch on classes or object identity , dispatch on multiple objects , not just one object , user - defined forms of method combination , an unofficial but widely accepted " Meta Object Protocol " which allows introspection and even dynamic redefinition of the object system itself .
Built - in types Lisp provides a rich set of built - in data - types , including Symbols ( symbolic identifiers ) Numerical types : Machine integers and arbitrary precision integers IEEE floats ( single and double ) Rational and complex numbers Characters Containers : Arrays ( simple or indirect , with varying element types )
Lists ( containing mixed and arbitrary kinds of typed objects ) Strings Various kinds of Hash Tables Pathnames : portable file naming which accesses the native file system while hiding system characteristics for cross- platform situations Functions ( including high - order functions ) as first class objects
Standardized library
The runtime library for Common Lisp is part of the standard .
That makes it fully platform and vendor independent .
The library is large and supplies several hundred highly flexible functions .
These cover sequence and string utilities , sorting , hash table creation / lookup , flexible file I/O , numerical operations ( extremely efficient with declarations ) , and much much more .
Powerful error - handling facility
No application is perfect , and nor is the real world with which applications interact .
Errors do occur , and what Common Lisp does is to provide a rich facility for surviving such " conditions " : signalling , handling , restarting - all under program control .
As an aid to debugging that elusive error , Common Lisp allows you to trace and even to disassemble your code .
Other features
We listed above the main features of ANSI Common Lisp .
Other features of note , but at this time not included within the standard , include :
Introspection tools Lisp systems provide considerable assistance to writing and debugging an application .
The following tools are typical , and tend to be fully integrated : state and values can be exchanged between them with a minimum of fuss .
Lisp listeners allow interaction with the underlying lisp system - lisp forms ( think of them as small programs ) are evaluated and the results returned .
Inspectors allow introspection of Lisp objects - you can present an inspector with an arbitrary object and it will show you the values in all its slots .
You do n't need to tell the inspector what type the object is - Lisp can figure that out for itself .
Class tools allow you to browse the accessors associated with any object .
In conjunction with inspectors they allow for extremely rapid learning about existing systems .
Debuggers give the application writer access to the stack in the event of an unhandled error .
Arguments to function calls can be inspected , handed to the listener which can perform arbitrary operations on them , or even changed and the function called again with the new values .
Common Lisp Interface Manager Standardized ( but not within ANSI - CL ) , CLIM gives application users one of the most highly sought - after features around : a combination of both vendor and platform independence in their user interface .
It offers : optional specification of native look - and - feel , supporting most standard GUI widgets .
a straight - forward mapping of application semantic components ( actions and objects ) to GUI components ( commands and text / graphics ) powerful graphics facilities ( shapes , fonts , colors , bitmaps ) incremental redisplay manager table formatting , including dynamic layout based on size of cell entries , arbitrary text and / or graphics for cell entries , nesting of tables , etc commands trivially made available as keystrokes , pull - down menu entries , command - line style ( with completion ) , and / or associated with pointer gestures on display objects automatic prompting for and type - checked parsing of command arguments horizontal or vertical formatting of n-ary , cyclic graphs with text or graphics for node labels high - level support for common pointer - based operations ( like drag - and - drop ) and much more .
Multitasking Light - weight control of multiple execution strands within a single machine process .
On Windows this would typically be implemented with native threads .
System definition
To keep track of build dependencies when it you 're managing a large system .
Myths About Lisp
In this section , we 'll look at some of the amazing myths that we still hear told about Lisp , and contrast them with the actual reality .
Myth # 1 : Lisp is slow
The reality is that when all datatypes are appropriately declared , a typical commercial Lisp compiler produces native machine code that is comparable in speed with other languages .
However , something Lisp does which other languages do n't is to allow you to run code with no type declarations .
In this mode , types are dynamically determined and appropriate behavior occurs based on runtime dispatch .
This is slower than heavily declared compiled code would be , but it 's faster to write and therefore a big boon to debugging .
After all , who wants to write type declarations for a bunch of tentative code they are n't sure they 're even going to use ?
It 's not appropriate to compare the speed of such non -type - declared code to the speed of other languages since in other languages , the absence of declarations is fatal to programs in most other languages .
If you want to make a proper comparison , you have to either compare properly declared code in Lisp to properly declared code in other languages .
If you do that , Lisp will compare favorably .
Otherwise , to be fair , you should compare the speed of undeclared code in Lisp ( modest ) to the speed of undeclared code in other languages ( often zero , since such code in other languages is usually ``incomplete ' ' and will not run ) .
Once such a proper comparison is made , we again see the Lisp 's behavior is quite favorable .
Myth # 2 : Lisp is big
Big is a moving target .
Sometime in the early 1980's , people started complaining about the size of Lisp as an impediment .
Lisp was big at that time , compared to other applications of the time because it packed a lot of useful functionality and there was a limit to how small that functionality could be made .
But Lisp vendors became very sensitive to the size issue and Lisp has been one of the few programming languages in recent years that has not been allowed to grow by leaps and bounds with every release .
At this point , the size of a typical application in Lisp and its runtime libraries are comparable in size to what a similar application would be written in another language .
But if the ``bloating '' trend of other languages increases as it has been , Lisp will soon be seen as the much more compact alternative !
Myth # 3 : Lisp has no arrays
Lisp has had an array datatype for at least 30 years , but it 's common for people who took a ``comparative programming languages '' course not to know this .
This is because other languages often have not had Lisp 's well - known LIST datatype , and so Lisp is used as a showcase for dealing with linked lists and recursion .
Sometimes out of ignorance and sometimes just for sheer lack of time , the discussion of array types in Lisp often receives no attention .
But that does n't mean Lisp does n't offer powerful support for single and multi-dimensional arrays , arrays of varying element type , and array access that provides transparent access to fixed size arrays , arrays displaced to other arrays , and arrays whose size is expected to dynamically grow and shrink .
Myth # 4 : Lisp has no compiler
Since its earliest days , now 40 years ago , Lisp implementations have been variously interpreted or compiled , and often both .
In fact , much important work in the theory of program compilation has been done using Lisp , and Lisp compilers have benefited enormously by this .
No modern commercial Lisp is without a compiler .
The fact that modern Lisps often come with an interpreter as well is simply a convenience for some implementations to encourage late - binding semantics and promote program flexibility , including interactive debugging .
The ANSI Common Lisp standard does not require the presence of a compiler provided that an interpreter achieves the defined semantics .
It is intended that the marketplace will sort out this issue .
The ability to omit a compiler allows certain price / performance points to be achieved , especially among subset and freeware implementations .
However , serious commercial implementations invariably offer optimizing compilers as a standard part of their product .
Ask to be sure , but do n't let ever anyone tell you there 's no such thing !
Myth # 5 : Lisp is not standard
This one is simple to correct .
X3.226/1994 , the American National Standard for Programming Language Common Lisp , not only exists but in fact was the first ANSI standard for an object - oriented programming language .
A webbed adaptation of the ANSI Common Lisp standard , The Common Lisp HyperSpecTM ( CLHS ) is available from LispWorks Ltd free of charge from our downloads page .
CLHS contains a comprehensive glossary and myriad programming examples .
It is heavily cross-indexed ( 105 K hyperlinks ) and is optimized to use low graphics for very fast browsing .
Common Lisp is not only a standard but it places a heavy emphasis on program portability .
This allows you to smoothly deploy the same program on quite different platforms .
With additional help from CLIM , the Common Lisp Interface Manager , an application can be developed which uses the same code to take on a native Motif look - and - feel under X Windows or a Windows look - and - feel under Windows .
The design of the Common Lisp language planned for a wide variety of potential platform variances ( character set , machine word size , filename syntax , interaction style ) and will serve its users well into the future without the need to make costly program upgrades required by other languages .
Myth # 6 : Lisp does n't talk to other programs
While the ANSI standard for Common Lisp does n't require it , a serious vendor of Common Lisp such as LispWorks Ltd goes well beyond what the standard requires in the way of potential connections between Lisp and the rest of your computer system .
And in future releases , we 'll be adding more because we know this is a key issue in the modern , heterogeneous computing environment .
Foreign Interface .
Data and program interfaces to C can be declared and called in a way that is transparent to Lisp programs .
Network interfaces .
Lisp supports easy access to TCP so that programming TCP - based interfaces is easy .
Also , third - party software such as CL - HTTP ( mentioned earlier ) , allows Common Lisp to talk to the web .
And , of course , access to other network facilities for which there is no pre-packaged access in Lisp is still readily accessible using the Foreign Interface .
CORBA Interface .
A binding of CORBA to Lisp allows natural Lisp programming style to be used when interacting with CORBA interfaces .
Database Interfaces .
Flexible accesses to external database through SQL and ODBC interfaces make database entities conveniently available as Lisp data .
DDE Client .
A DDE client interface is available for programs requiring Inter - application communication under Windows .
COM and Automation .
COM client / server and Automation modules are also available on Windows .
The reality is far from what the myth suggests because , in fact , Common Lisp from LispWorks Ltd provides a flexible and growing set of interconnection options .
Myth # 7 : Lisp syntax is painful
If you have n't seen it before , the Lisp notation for what other languages might write as `` 5 * a+3 '' is `` (+ (* 5 a ) 3 ) '' .
And we 'll admit this is to some degree a matter of personal taste .
However , in spite of the fact that it may look initially a little funny to the unaccustomed , there are some sound technical reasons why Lisp syntax exists and is preferred by most Lisp programmers , and we 've tried to enumerate them here :
It 's easy to teach .
There are no complicated precedence rules waiting to trip you up .
Grouping of operators and associativity is manifestly obvious .
It 's easy to parse .
A few simple rules apply throughout .
If you extend the language to add a new operator , you do n't have to train the Lisp parser ( provided to Lisp programmers as the function called READ ) to understand your new operator .
You can focus immediately on the semantics , which is what 's important anyway .
It maps naturally to an underlying data structure .
When teaching someone about macros , it 's obvious what the internal representation of a Lisp expression is because it looks just like Lisp program data .
This greatly simplifies the writing of macros and ``automatic programming '' facilities .
It means that when you extend the language , you do n't have to worry about system operators looking different than the ones you define .
This breaks down the system / user distinction and keeps the system operators from looking more important than the ones you write yourself .
Text editors can provide better support .
A text editor , such as GNU Emacs or the built - in editor that comes with products like Common LispWorks , can automatically provide useful support for indentation based solely on parenthesis level without having to understand the specifics of your program .
They can also provide commands for moving forward and backward conveniently over expressions , which in turn allows more flexible use of ``keyboard macros '' to perform automated program manipulation that is much harder to do in infix languages because the beginning and end of an infix expression must always be designated explicitly ( usually by mouse motion to establish a ``region ' ' ) .
Myth # 8 : Lisp GC is slow
Generational GC .
First , LispWorks offers a modern ``generational '' garbage collector .
Such collectors are based on a layering theory of data that says that when one wants to get back some storage , one should look ``nearby ' ' for recently discarded objects .
If not enough are found , additional work is done to find slightly older objects .
And so on .
The idea is that the nearby search is quickest and if that succeeds , very little work will have been done .
Objects that survive for a long time in the innermost circle are eventually ``aged '' and become part of a second generation .
In practice , this kind of garbage collector can be highly efficient , especially in an environment in which virtual memory is used , because they generally do n't have to touch all of memory in order to reclaim enough storage to succeed .
Realtime GC .
Customers whose applications can't even tolerate the speed of a generational GC should talk to LispWorks Ltd about its realtime implementation of Lisp .
So far , this has not been packaged as a shrink - wrapped product but we might be able to provide it to you under some sort of consulting arrangement .
Even if you 're not sure you want to get involved in a consulting arrangement , please do contact us about your needs so we can be aware of your interest and help you determine how best to proceed .
Myth # 9 : Lisp needs special hardware
No .
Lisp 's performance can certainly be optimized by special hardware .
It 's hard to imagine a language that could n't .
Various machines from Digital Equipment Corporation in the 1970's , notably the PDP - 10 processor , contained numerous instructions which helped Lisp work efficiently .
Later , in the 1980's and into the very early 1990's , there were several companies that built custom ``Lisp chips ' ' which ran Lisp very efficiently .
But any language can benefit from a hardware assist ; that does n't automatically mean it requires special hardware to run that language .
In the 1970's , the C language grew up on the PDP11 , and yet now it is used widely .
Lisp grew up on a wide variety of machines , most of them general purpose .
LispWorks Ltd Lisp products were originally developed on stock hardware .
They have never been ported to Lisp - only platforms .
Today they run on Unix workstations and on the PC under Linux , Solaris , FreeBSD and MS Windows and on Apple Macintosh hardware running Mac OS X .
Myth # 10 : Lisp is expensive
This is wrong on several levels .
First , some people believe the expense comes from the need for special purpose hardware .
As mentioned already , that 's not necessary .
LispWorks will run comfortably on a low to mid-range home PC - that 's about as general purpose as you can get .
Second , features such as dynamic redefinition , powerful debugging tools and automatic memory management mean Lisp programmers are highly productive .
Third , Lisp is available at a variety of prices .
For example , a person who 's just getting his or her feet wet with Lisp might want to obtain the LispWorks Personal Edition , which is available for free .
Hopefully that 's not too expensive !
Of course , it comes with some limitations that are not present in the Professional Edition and Enterprise Edition .
And even these other editions are quite reasonably priced ; see the products or contact a LispWorks Ltd sales representative for details .
Or , if you 're not ready to actually order a copy of Lisp , feel free to browse the Common Lisp HyperSpecTM to get a feel for the language .
Lisp tools from LispWorks Ltd
LispWorks
Ltd brings the best of Common Lisp to the Windows , Macintosh , Linux and UNIX platforms .
All versions include optimizing native code compilers , advanced garbage collection , and excellent platform integration .
LispWorks implements the ANSI Common Lisp Standard and adds numerous libraries for GUI creation , foreign function and enterprise integration , and expert system programming .
The LispWorks integrated development environment further simplifies software development .
Once your application is developed , LispWorks supports optimized application delivery .
There is no charge for runtime distribution on the Windows , Macintosh , Linux , FreeBSD and x86/x64 Solaris platforms .
On UNIX platforms , runtime distribution is available for a modest fee .
LispWorks IDE
The LispWorks IDE provides a smooth and comfortable workflow , allowing you to incrementally write , test , and extend your software while it is running .
Features of the LispWorks IDE include :
Interactive Lisp listener , for compiling and executing expressions ,
Debugger , tracer and source code stepper ,
Object inspector ,
Browsers for classes , generic functions , and compilation errors ,
Execution time profiler ,
Integrated extensible editor and ability to use external editors ( e.g. EMACS ) ,
Build system manager ,
Incremental compiler and dynamic loader ,
Source code location and cross-referencing tool ,
Complete on - line documentation in hypertext format .
Language Extensions
Our Common Lisp products include a number of extensions to the language standard , further increasing your productivity .
Additional libraries and features include :
CAPI portable GUI toolkit , supporting both Windows and OSF / Motif look and feel ,
CLIM 2.0 , the Common Lisp Interface Manager ,
CORBA interface for creating distributed components ,
KnowledgeWorks ® and Prolog for expert system programming ,
and Prolog for expert system programming , Integrated database access ,
Support for internationalization through Unicode ,
Symmetric Multiprocessing ,
Programmer - extensible I/ O streams ,
TCP socket streams ,
Object finalization ; weak vectors and hash tables .
Platforms
LispWorks Ltd provides Common Lisp implementations on a variety of operating system and hardware platforms .
The use of portable language constructs lets you maintain your software on all of these platforms simultaneously .
LispWorks for Windows provides a full native implementation of Common Lisp on all modern x86/x64 Windows computers .
LispWorks for Windows , LispWorks for Macintosh , LispWorks for x86/x64 Solaris , LispWorks for Linux , LispWorks for FreeBSD and LispWorks for AIX are available in several editions .
All editions include an advanced Common Lisp compiler , runtime system , and Common LispWorks IDE .
LispWorks
Ltd does not charge runtime license fees for applications developed with the HobbyistDV , Professional and Enterprise Editions .
The Personal Edition is intended for personal and educational Lisp programming .
As a contribution to the Common Lisp community , LispWorks Ltd makes the Personal Edition of LispWorks available free of charge .
While the Personal Edition includes the full Common Lisp compiler and development environment , it does limit program size and duration and it does not support application delivery .
The Professional Edition includes everything you need for commercial Common Lisp software development and application delivery .
CLIM 2.0 is included to further increase program portability .
The Enterprise Edition ( with a 64 - bit version now available ) includes all the features of the Professional Edition , and provides further support for software needs of the modern enterprise , including :
Database access through object - oriented SQL / ODBC libraries .
Portable distributed computing through CORBA .
Expert system programming through our KnowledgeWorks product and an embedded Prolog compiler .
For UNIX platforms , we offers two products : LispWorks and Liquid Common Lisp ( formerly Lucid Common Lisp ) .
Both include the full LispWorks integrated development environment and foreign function interface .
Product delivery and specialized libraries are available as separate add - ons .
The following platforms are supported :
Compaq Tru64 Unix ( OSF 1 )
PA -RISC / HP -UX
Sun SPARC / Solaris
Acknowledgements
Copyright © LispWorks Ltd 2000 - 10 .
All rights reserved .
This document was written by Nick Levine and Kent M. Pitman .
Minor updates have since been made by Harlequin , Xanalys and LispWorks Ltd .
How Can I Contact LispWorks Ltd ?
If you have more questions , or if you want to place an order , please contact Lisp Sales .
Category :
Art
Idea :
Paper artworks
Peter Callesen about his works :
A common theme in many of my works earlier works is a reinterpretation of classical fairytales as well as a more general interest in memory in connection to childhood - as for instance in my performances Castle , Folding and Jukebox .
These playful performances exist in the lost land of childhood , between dream and reality , and It is in this meeting or confrontation of these two conditions , in a kind of utopian embodiment , that these works of art becomes alive , often in a tragicomic way .
This interest for the romantic is extended in my later exhibitions White Shadows at Esbjerg Art Museum and From dust to dusk , but here with less focus on the confrontation between dream and reality leaving more space for the poetic aspect as well as the possibility of a reality behind or within the dream .
Big Paper Castle , 2004
7,20 x 7,15 x 3,75 m
Cut and folded from one sheet of 350 gsm paper ,
Charlottenborg Udstillingsbygning ’s Autumn exhibition , Copenhagen
The Impossible Meeting Between Image and Reality , 2006
47,5x37x7 cm
Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue in artist made frame
The Impossible Meeting Between Image and Reality ( detail ) , 2006 47,5x37x7 cm Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue in artist made frame
Trancendence , 2006
47,5x37x7 cm
Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue in artist made frame
Unter dem Nebelmeer , 2006 47,5x37x7 cm
Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue in artist made frame
Alive , but Dead , 2006 127x94x11,5 cm. Acid
Free paper , glue , color in artist made frame
Alive , but Dead , ( detail ) 2006 127x94x11,5 cm. Acid
Free paper , glue , color in artist made frame
Alive , but Dead , ( detail ) 2006 127x94x11,5 cm. Acid
Free paper , glue , color in artist made frame
Heaven and Hell , 2006 134x127x11,5 cm. Acid
Free paper , glue , color in artist made frame
Heaven and Hell , ( detail ) 2006
134x127x11,5 cm. Acid
Free paper , glue , color in artist made frame
The weight of feathers , 2005
12 x 55 x 34 cm
Acid - free 115 gsm paper and glue
18,2 cm Tall Tower of Babel , 2005 Acid free A4 80 paper and glue ,
Down the River , 2005 Acid free A4 80 paper and glue ,
Down the River , ( detail ) 2005 Acid free A4 80 paper and glue ,
Wedding Dress Without Bride , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue ,
All in All , 2006 Acid free A4 115 gms paper and glue ,
All in All , ( detail ) 2006
Acid free A4 115 gms paper and glue ,
Angel , 2006
Acid free A4 115 gms paper and glue ,
Angel , ( detail ) 2006
Acid free A4 115 gms paper and glue ,
Closet , 2006 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue ,
Closet , ( detail ) 2006
Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue ,
Dead Bird , 2006
Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue ,
Big wave moving towards a small castle made of sand , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Distant Wish , 2006 Acid - free A4 115 gms paper and glue
Distant Wish , ( detail ) 2006 Acid - free A4 115 gms paper and glue
Eismeer , 2006 Acid free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Hunting , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Hunting ( detail ) , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
In the Beginning ( Snake inside an egg ) , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
In the Shadow of an Orchid ( detail ) , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
In the Shadow of an Orchid , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
Impenetrable Castle , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
Impenetrable Castle , ( detail ) 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
Looking back , 2006 Acid free A4 115 gms paper and glue
Man Made of Woman , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Pandora 's Box , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
Snowballs , 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
Snowballs , ( detail ) 2005 Acid free A4 80 gms paper and glue
Traces in Snow , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Traces in Snow ( detail ) , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Single Double Bed , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Fall , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Fall , ( detail ) 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
The Impossible Meeting , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
The Impossible Meeting ( detail ) , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Bridge Over Troubled Water , 2005 Acid - free A4 80 gsm paper and glue
Baby Mama's ! > Maternity Wear Hilarious maternity wear !
The perfect gift for friends with a sense of humor !
Be sure to buy one size larger to accomodate the kidlet .
Sexy .
Stylish .
Pregnant .
Just Like Salma Hayek Wore !
Hilarious maternity wear !
The perfect gift for friends with a sense of humor !
Be sure to buy one size larger to accomodate the kidlet .
Unfortunately the last time that a serious look was taken at this resource was back in the 1970's and 1980's , when at one time , under the Project Independence Blueprint , a shale oil production target of 1 million barrels of oil per day was projected , in line with President Ford 's State - of - the - Union Message of 1975 .
( Ref 2 ) .
That program , in turn , was based on the considerable amount of research that had been carried out , both in the US , and abroad , and on an initial evaluation of practical means to meet the target .
But before one looks at that target , and its feasibility , perhaps it is better to look a little more closely at the information which led up to the prediction .
There seems to be a general consensus among many of those that write about world energy , that the 2 trillion barrels of oil potentially available out of the 4 trillion barrels locked in the United States oil shales are not a realistic source of supply .
However , after an eleven year hiatus , Colorado School of Mines are reactivating their annual Oil Shale Symposia .
And the resource is not quite the nonentity that it may appear .
( A quick search through the indices of a number of the PO books did not find it listed in any ) .
Given that , for example , " Japan started oil production at Fushun in 1929 , and developed , in less than ten years , the world 's largest oil shale industry .
Shale oil was a principal source of fuels for Japan during World War II .
Fushun production continues to expand under Communist China and may be 40,000 bpd presently . "
( Ref. 1 ) it is perhaps justifiable to take a little closer look at this whole issue and try to explain some of the technical state of affairs , point out a little of the disingenuousness of some of the statements that have been made , but largely leave the political discussion to others .
To begin with , while the basic definition of an oil shale suggests the fine - grained rock that is often called shale , and implies it is impregnated with oil , that might be easily recovered , Unfortunately , in most cases the rock is not a shale , and the organic material that it contains is not yet an oil that will not run out , or separate out with normal treatment .
It has been described as a precursor to oil , in that , it was initially formed in the same way , but has not undergone the natural high - temperature and pressure regimes of deep burial in the earth that are needed to turn it into oil .
( However , if additional kerogen were to be added to the shale it would through time more likely end up as a coal - Ref 3 . ) .
The material is known as a kerogen , and to date the most successful methods of removing it from the rock has been to heat the rock until the contents volatize , and then to condense the hydrocarbons back out ( in the same fashion that one cracks the oil in a refinery - though there are some significant differences that I will get to later ) .
However , since the initial natural process was not carried as far as with oil , then the amount of energy that is required is generally greater .
The greatest deposits of interest are those found in relatively thick deposits around the point where Wyoming , Colorado , Utah , and Idaho come together .
This and the following section is taken from Ref. 4 .
A section through the lettered points in the above figure gives :
Note that the scale for the vertical section is in feet .
The darker band shown is known as the Mahogany zone in which the Mahogany bed some 100 - 200 ft thick , is considered to be the richest layer , and is a marker for the deposit .
Shale oil has been used as a fuel source in a number of countries around the world , over the past 150 years , but only become of economic significance in the 1920's .
( Ref 3 ) .
There have been over two thousand patents issued describing different ways to separate what , for convenience , I will call oil , from the shale ( similarly called ) .
( Ref 5 ) .
Only a few have , however , been demonstrated , and later in this series of posts I will explain some of the peculiar problems that arise in retorting oil shale .
But , as an illustration of the type of process that could be used , I will describe the Gas Combustion Process , as developed by the US Bureau of Mines for one of its original experiments .
I thought it would be useful to describe this in a little detail , since it points out some of the potential benefits that can come from retorting the material .
The retort can be simply thought of as a vertical pipe with the raw shale fed into the top .
As it moves down through the retort it passes through four zones .
At the top of the retort the shale is cold , and the gasses rising from the lower parts of the process , mix with this shale .
This has two effects , it pre-heats the shale as it drops into the next zone , while at the same time the oil is condensed into a mist , and the product gasses are cooled .
( They are both then collected as they leave the retort ) .
As the shale continues to move down the retort it reaches , about half - way down , a series of ports that inject air mixed with a portion of the produced gas that has been collected ( call this the dilution gas ) .
These two combine to cause ignition and to raise the temperature of the shale ( to between 700 and 950 degrees F ) so that the hydrocarbon contents vaporize and create the oil and gas combination that rises up out of the retort .
The shale residue , continues down the retort , where it is now used to pre-heat a second supply of the collected gas ( known as the recycled gas ) that is moving up into the retorting zone .
This cools the shale as it heats the gas , and the shale residue can then be collected and moved away .
By using this form of heat transfer during the process a relatively high thermal efficiency can be achieved , and the retort can produce about 90 % of the original oil in the shale , as well as a secondary volume of gas , beyond that needed to energize the retort .
The retort has been shown able to handle shale particles ranging in size from ¼ " to 3 " .
By design it is possible to make sure that the oil mist that is the major product does not condense onto the shale particles that are being fed into the retort .
You may note that this separation process does not require any additional external fuel , nor the addition of water to the process .
Using a slightly different method Union Oil Company ran a demonstration plant that ran at rates up to 1200 tons / day , using oil shale from the Piceance Basin .
The crude produced was " a waxy , intermediate gravity , high nitrogen and intermediate sulfur crude " where the wax was removed and separately cracked , and the sulfur and nitrogen levels lowered before it could be considered a " commercial shale oil " with properties similar to that of a high quality Utah crude ( Ref. 6 ) .
A feed of crude shale oil at 26,900 b/d would yield 25,000 bd of commercial shale oil , and 500 t of green coke .
The oil could then be cracked into 380 bd of lpg ; 13,635 bd of gasoline ; 1,300 bd of stove oil ; 6,700 bd of diesel and 590 bd of fuel oil ( ibid ) .
As I said at the beginning of the post , there is an awful lot of oil shale in the United States , the beds can reach up to 2,000 ft thick , and the oil content can reach 90 gallons / ton .
Unfortunately these do not occur at the same time .
Rather the highest grade , is found in relatively narrow layers in the Uinta Basin , although the oil - shale sequence in the area can be up to 1,200 ft. ( Ref. 4 ) .
And unfortunately not all the oil in the shale is made up of the same material , or has the same sort of properties .
This can lead both to difficulties in mining and in retorting .
I will discuss those , and the issue of in - situ retorting , and some of its problems in the next post .
But , given what happened , it is perhaps appropriate to close this first post with a comment by Harold Carver of Union .
It should be quite obvious that if imports to the coastal states and from Canada suddenly increase disproportionately after a shale industry is started , the embryo shale industry would be placed in a severe competitive bind .
Unlimited cheap foreign crude imports would make shale oil as well as a large percentage of domestic crude oil production non-competitive .
What is needed is assurance that shale oil production will face a stable economic environment in which it can share in the spectrum of raw materials for our future energy needs .
Given what happened that was quite visionary .
References - since most of these papers were written before the advent of the Internet , I am going to have to give some of the references in " the old style "
Ref. 1 Cameron " Foreign oil shale industries and their influence on United States Oil Shale Development , " First Symposium on Oil Shale , CSM , 1964
Ref. 2 Utter S. , Oil Shale R & D - A Bureau of Mines Program , 2nd Annual UMR - MEC
Conference on Energy , October 1975
Ref. 3 Oil Shale entry , Encyclopaedia Brittanica , 1978 , paper edition .
Ref 4 . Donnell J.R. Geology and Oil - Shale Resources of the Green River Formation , First Symposium on Oil Shale , CSM , 1964
Ref. 5 Guthrie B. , Oil from Rock - The Gas-Combustion Process , First Symposium on Oil Shale , CSM , 1964
Ref. 6 Carver H. Conversion of Oil Shale to Refined Products , First Symposium on Oil Shale , CSM , 1964
Welcome
This site collects content related to FREE CULTURE , the book .
music videos
If you 're looking for information about FreeCulture.org , the student movement , click here .
An Elemental Fascination
Our interactive periodic table showcases 93 element samples from the collection of PopSci contributing editor Theodore Gray , who spent four years assembling and photographing them .
by
I wrote yesterday about the HDCP / HDMI technology that Hollywood wants to use to restrict the availability of very high - def TV content .
Today I want to go under the hood , explaining how the key part of HDCP , the handshake , works .
I ’ll leave out some mathematical niceties to simplify the explanation ; full details are in a 2001 paper by Crosby et al .
Suppose you connect an HDMI - compliant next - gen DVD player to an HDMI - compliant TV , and you try to play a disc .
Before sending its highest - res digital video to the TV , the player will insist on doing an HDCP handshake .
The purpose of the handshake is for the two devices to authenticate each other , that is , to verify that the other device is an authorized HDCP device , and to compute a secret key , known to both devices , that can be used to encrypt the video as it is passed across the HDMI cable .
Every new HDCP device is given two things : a secret vector , and an addition rule .
The secret vector is a sequence of 40 secret numbers that the device is not supposed to reveal to anybody .
The addition rule , which is not a secret , describes a way of adding up numbers selected from a vector .
Both the secret vector and the addition rule are assigned by HDCP ’s central authority .
( I like to imagine that the central authority occupies an undersea command center worthy of Doctor Evil , but it ’s probably just a nondescript office suite in Burbank . )
An example will help to make this clear .
In the example , we ’ll save space by pretending that the vectors have four secret numbers rather than forty , but the idea will be the same .
Let ’s say the central authority issues the following values :
secret vector addition rule Alice ( 26 , 19 , 12 , 7 ) [ 1 ] +[ 2 ]
Bob ( 13 , 13 , 22 , 5 ) [ 2 ] +[ 4 ]
Charlie ( 22 , 16 , 5 , 19 ) [ 1 ] +[ 3 ]
Diane ( 10 , 21 , 11 , ,14 ) [ 2 ] +[ 3 ]
Suppose Alice and Bob want to do a handshake .
Here ’s how it works .
First , Alice and Bob send each other their addition rules .
Then , Alice applies Bob ’s addition rule to her vector .
Bob ’s addition rule is “ [ 2 ] +[ 4 ] ” , which means that Alice should take the second and fourth elements of her secret vector and add them together .
Alice adds 19+7 , and gets 26 .
In the same way , Bob applies Alice ’s addition rule to his secret vector – he adds 13+13 , and gets 26 .
( In real life , the numbers are much bigger – about 17 digits . )
There are two things to notice about this process .
First , in order to do it , you need to know either Alice ’s or Bob ’s secret vector .
This means that Alice and Bob are the only ones who will know the result .
Second , Alice and Bob both got the same answer : 26 .
This was n’t a coincidence .
There ’s a special mathematical recipe that the central authority uses in generating the secret vectors to ensure that the two parties to any legitimate handshake will always get the same answer .
Now both Alice and Bob have a secret value – a secret key – that only they know .
They can use the key to authenticate each other , and to encrypt messages to each other .
This sounds pretty cool .
But it has a very large problem : if any four devices conspire , they can break the security of the system .
To see how , let ’s do an example .
Suppose that Alice , Bob , Charlie , and Diane conspire , and that the conspiracy wants to figure out the secret vector of some innocent victim , Ed. Ed ’s addition rule is “ [ 1 ] +[ 4 ] ” , and his secret vector is , of course , a secret .
The conspirators start out by saying that Ed ’s secret vector is ( x1 , x2 , x3 , x4 ) , where all of the x’s are unknown .
They want to figure out the values of the x’s – then they ’ll know Ed ’s secret vector .
Alice starts out by imagining a handshake with Ed .
In this imaginary handshake , Ed will apply Alice ’s addition rule ( [ 1 ] +[ 2 ] ) to his own secret vector , yielding x1+x2 .
Alice will apply Ed ’s addition rule to her own secret vector , yielding 26+7 , or 33 .
She knows that the two results will be equal , as in any handshake , which gives her the following equation :
x1 + x2 = 33
Bob , Charlie , and Diane each do the same thing , imagining a handshake with Ed , and computing Ed ’s result ( a sum of some of the x’s ) , and their own result ( a definite number ) , then setting the two results equal to each other .
This yields three more equations :
x2 + x4 = 18
x1 + x3 = 41
x2 + x3 = 24
That makes four equations in four unknowns .
Whipping out their algebra textbooks , the conspiracy solves the four equations , to determine that
x1 = 25
x2 = 8
x3 = 16
x4 = 10
Now they know Ed ’s secret vector , and can proceed to impersonate him at will .
They can do this to any person ( or device ) they like .
And of course Ed does n’t have to be a real person .
They can dream up an imaginary person ( or device ) and cook up a workable secret vector for it .
In short , they can use this basic method to do absolutely anything that the central authority can do .
In the real system , where the secret vectors have forty entries , not four , it takes a conspiracy of about forty devices , with known private vectors , to break HDCP completely .
But that is eminently doable , and it ’s only a matter of time before someone does it .
I ’ll talk next time about the implications of that fact .
[ Correction ( April 15 ) : I changed Diane ’s secret vector and addition rule to fix an error in the conspiracy - of - four example .
Thanks for Matt Mastracci for pointing out the problem . ]
Automatic License Plate Scanners
The Boston Transportation Department , among other duties , hands out parking tickets .
If a car has too many unpaid parking tickets , the BTD will lock a Denver Boot to one of the wheels , making the car unmovable .
Once the tickets are paid up , the BTD removes th boot .
The white SUV in this photo is owned by the Boston Transportation Department .
Its job is to locate cars that need to be booted .
The two video cameras on top of the vehicle are hooked up to a laptop computer running license plate scanning software .
The vehicle drives around the city scanning plates and comparing them with the database of unpaid parking tickets .
When a match is found , the BTD officers jump out and boot the offending car .
You can sort of see the boot on the front right wheel of the car behind the SUV in the photo .
This is the kind of thing I call “ wholesale surveillance , ” and I ’ve written about license plate scanners in that regard last year .
Technology is fundamentally changing the nature of surveillance .
Years ago , surveillance meant trench - coated detectives following people down streets .
It was laborious and expensive , and was only used when there was reasonable suspicion of a crime .
Modern surveillance is the policeman with a license - plate scanner , or even a remote license - plate scanner mounted on a traffic light and a policeman sitting at a computer in the station .
It ’s the same , but it ’s completely different .
It ’s wholesale surveillance .
And it disrupts the balance between the powers of the police and the rights of the people . [… ]
Like the license - plate scanners , the electronic footprints we leave everywhere can be automatically correlated with databases .
The data can be stored forever , allowing police to conduct surveillance backwards in time .
The effects of wholesale surveillance on privacy and civil liberties is profound ; but unfortunately , the debate often gets mischaracterized as a question about how much privacy we need to give up in order to be secure .
This is wrong .
It ’s obvious that we are all safer when the police can use all techniques at their disposal .
What we need are corresponding mechanisms to prevent abuse , and that do n’t place an unreasonable burden on the innocent .
Throughout our nation ’s history , we have maintained a balance between the necessary interests of police and the civil rights of the people .
The license plate itself is such a balance .
Imagine the debate from the early 1900s :
The police proposed affixing a plaque to every car with the car owner ’s name , so they could better track cars used in crimes .
Civil libertarians objected because that would reduce the privacy of every car owner .
So a compromise was reached : a random string of letter and numbers that the police could use to determine the car owner .
By deliberately designing a more cumbersome system , the needs of law enforcement and the public ’s right to privacy were balanced .
The search warrant process , as prescribed in the Fourth Amendment , is another balancing method .
So is the minimization requirement for telephone eavesdropping : the police must stop listening to a phone line if the suspect under investigation is not talking .
For license - plate scanners , one obvious protection is to require the police to erase data collected on innocent car owners immediately , and not save it .
The police have no legitimate need to collect data on everyone ’s driving habits .
Another is to allow car owners access to the information about them used in these automated searches , and to allow them to challenge inaccuracies .
The Boston Globe has written about this program .
Richard M. Smith , who took this photo , made a public request to the BTD last summer for the database of scanned license plate numbers that is being collected by this vehicle .
The BTD told him at the time that the database is not a public record , because the database is owned by AutoVu , the Canadian company that makes the license plate scanner software used in the vehicle .
This software is being “ loaned ” to the City of Boston as part of a “ beta ” test program .
Anyone doubt that AutoVu is going to sell this data to a company like ChoicePoint ?
Posted on October 7 , 2005 at 1:49 PM • 65 Comments
7 Idea Dumping Tips ( How To Manage Diarrhea of the Brain )
Idea dumping is a lot like brainstorming .
( I happen to be an expert on idea dumping because I just made the term up 5 minutes ago . ) .
Brainstorming to me is more of a process where you have a problem , and you try and find a solution to it , with the end goal in mind .
It ’s a great concept in theory –except it never happens that way for me .
It seems like whenever I really need a great idea , they are nowhere to be found .
Yet when I ’m doing something completely unrelated and seemingly unimportant , I ’ll be floating in ideas .
And when the mind finally does agree to cooperate and turn on , I wo n’t usually get just one good idea but a bunch of ’em at a time .
When it rains it pours , but it ’s a summer in Texas otherwise .
It ’s more like my brain all of the sudden opens up and throws out a flurry of ideas , a proverbial diarrhea of the brain .
Except with a good connotation , ( unlike most comparisons to bowel movements ) .
So I ’ve decided to call this process Idea Dumping to kind of fuse Brainstorming and , well … the bowel thing .
So if you have n’t already quit reading this post , here are my 7 tips for effective Idea Dumping .
1. ALWAYS carry paper
It almost always never fails .
I ’ll have a great idea , I ’ll think about it for a while , and never remember it again .
Why ?
I did n’t write it down .
Half of having a good idea is actually writing it down .
Writing it down gives you freedom to let your mind explore it even more , because it does n’t have to work on actually remembering it .
If paper is n’t your thing , use a voice recorder , your cell phone ’s voicemail , a pda , a rock and chisel … anything so that you can file it somewhere other than your brain .
2 . Be descriptive when writing it down
There have also been times where I ’ve written an idea down quickly , and then looked at it later and had no idea I was talking about .
The more descriptive you are , the better you can get back into your train of thinking when you wrote it down , like picking up where you left off .
Also , being more descriptive frees up your brain ’s resources to develop the idea even further .
3 . Plan for not planning on it
One problem with the way we typically brainstorm is this : it ’s unnatural .
We bang our heads against the wall while chanting “ think , think ” .
If you ’re like me , your brain does n’t like to be told what to do .
The second I sit down and “ make ” myself be creative , my brain goes on lockdown .
Nothing in , nothing out .
There ’s no such thing as forced creativity .
I ’ve found that the best way to allow your mind to form ideas is when I ’m doing something else .
You have to be ready at anytime to jot something down .
I know this point is a lot like # 1 , but I ca n’t stress it enough .
4 . Good environments matter
Allow yourself time to let your mind breathe and relax .
I ’ve found that the best times to have idea dumps are when you ’re in an aesthetically pleasing environment , or at least one where you ’re enjoying yourself .
A lot of times the ideas start coming when I ’m running , or talking a walk in nice weather .
You my find yourself partial to different situations .
It really does n’t matter , just so long as what you ’re doing somewhat automated and your mind can freely wander wherever it wants .
In short ; you ’re giving yourself time to daydream .
5 . Think big picture down
Ok , so I realize that there will be times when you ’ll actually have good ideas when you are forced into brainstorming on a certain problem .
A good strategy for finding solutions to a specific problem is always thinking top down .
In David Allen ’s Getting Things Done , you should always start with asking yourself why you ’re doing it .
Why are you trying to find the solution ?
Why is it important ?
It sounds mind - numbingly simple , but it really helps you focus your thinking on the problem , rather then going off on tangents .
6. Organize your thoughts
Once your ideas have stopped coming , be sure to organize them more coherently once you ’re done .
This will help you get a better handle on what you ’ve discovered , and you ’ll remember it better in the long run .
( If you were descriptive in writing down your ideas , you ’ll find it speeds this process up . )
Once you ’ve got them organized , break them into actionable steps ( another component to GTD ) .
You ’ll quickly realize what needs to be done next to implement your ideas , in what order , etc .
For me , notecards are my weapon of choice .
I always keep a few handy , and I organize my ideas into ideas .
If a project has more than one thought to it , I assign it it ’s own card .
If it ’s something simple like a future post title , I put it on the “ catch - all ” notecard that holds just quick ideas .
Later I ’ll take the day ’s cards and process them further .
7 . Know when to stop
Do n’t force the issue , man !
You could hurt yourself if you ’re not careful .
If the well of ideas has run dry , pumping it more wo n’t help .
Do n’t worry , there will be other times of plenty in terms of ideas .
Use what you you ’ve been given and start to implement them .
Sometimes you wo n’t get all you need in one dumping session , like this post .
Ironically enough , this article was a product of 3 idea dumps , spread over a couple of weeks .
Moore ’s
Law roughly guarantees that processor speed doubles every 18 months .
However , if we look at how modern processors achieve this , one realizes that this fact can not apply to all programs run .
Superscalar processors rely on heavy branch prediction and instruction pipelining — which is not given in everyone ’s favourite “ always too slow ” applications , namely language interpreters .
If you want to implement an language efficiently nowadays , you have two choices : write a compiler or write a fast interpreter .
Here , I assume the compiler approach consists of translating the source language code into assembly or C , before the program is run .
Everything else , I ’ll consider to be a fast interpreter — for example , a virtual machine , possibly compiling code just - in - time .
In both ways , there is no way around machine code generation — directly or indirectly .
It is just about impossible to write a architecture - independent ( read : ANSI C only ) , efficient interpreter .
Luckily , runtime code generation does not need to be difficult .
Imagine having a virtual machine , where you can extend the instruction set at runtime .
Or even write the instructions in a higher - level language !
The problem of fast interpreters is that their dispatch needs a lot of time .
Research suggests that there are two code threading schemes that are reasonable to implement on modern architectures : direct threaded code and subroutine threading .
( See Anton Ertl ’s explanations for details . )
Let me introduce you libsew , a library for generating subroutine - threaded code at runtime .
Here is a quick example :
#include < stdio.h > # include " libsew.h " void a ( ) { printf ( " A
" ) ; } void b( ) { printf ( " B
" ) ; } int main ( ) { sew_seam *s = sew_new ( ) ; sew_add_call ( s , a ) ; sew_add_call ( s , b ) ; sew_add_call ( s , a ) ; sew_finalize ( s ) ; sew_call ( s ) ; sew_free ( s ) ; return 0 ; }
As you probably can guess , this will output
A B A
Now , how does this work ?
Libsew internally generates this code :
0x100150 : mflr r0 0x100154 : stw r0,8( r1 ) 0x100158 : stwu r1,-64( r1 ) 0x10015 c : bla 0x2654 < a> 0x100160 : bla 0x2690 < b > 0x100164 : bla 0x2654 < a> 0x100168 : lwz r0,72( r1 ) 0x10016 c : addic r1,r1,64 0x100170 : mtlr r0 0x100174 : blr
The three bla ( Branch Absolute and Link ) call the subroutines mentioned , the rest sets up and removes the stack frame .
Usually , every opcode will just be a C function ; the machine state is kept in global variables .
Of course , code generation like this is highly architecture dependent — so far I only target PPC , because that ’s what I currently run .
However , a port of the code generator can be done on a rainy afternoon , it is pretty minimal and short .
If you make use of global register variables ( that ’s of course only reasonable with RISC ) , the actual code for the instructions generated by GCC is short and efficient .
It also will be easy to inline it , resulting in zero - overhead compared to usually generated code ( though you obviously wont make use of any optimization ) .
The big fun , however , is using that library and hooking it onto Ruby .
Thanks to Ruby / DL , this can be done without a single additional line in C . I even can define opcodes in pure Ruby !
require ' sew ' s = Sew :: Seam.new s.add_call { p " foo ! " } 5.times { s.add_call { p " bar ! " } } s.finalize s.call
Putting everything together , we can do Behavior - Driven Virtual Machine Design ( a.k.a. BDVMD ) using RSpec .
For example , have a look at this :
context " An empty stack " do specify " should raise on drop " do handler = Sew : : Seam [ lambda { raise Sew:: StackUnderflow } ] lambda { Sew : : Seam [ : stack_clear , handler.address , :stack_set_handler , :stack_drop].call }.should.raise
Sew :: StackUnderflow end end
Truly a powerful thing to have at your fingertips , no ?
More details and code to come soon .
How About a “ War on Taxes ” ?
David Cay Johnston , who does an incredible job covering U.S. tax policy and other business issues for the N.Y .
Times , today has an interesting article about how the I.R.S. is outsourcing the collection of back taxes to third parties — i.e. , collection agencies .
“ The private debt collection program , ” Johnston writes , “ is expected to bring in $ 1.4 billion over 10 years , with the collection agencies keeping about $ 330 million of that , or 22 to 24 cents on the dollar . ”
Maybe that seems like too big a cut to surrender .
And maybe people will be worried about the collection agencies having access to their financial records ( a concern that Johnston addresses in the Times article ) .
But what ’s most striking to me is that the I.R.S. knows who owes the money , and knows where to get it , but ca n’t afford to collect it itself because it is understaffed .
So it has to hire someone else to do it , at a stiff price .
The I.R.S. admits that external collection is far more expensive than internal collection .
Johnston cites current I.R.S. commissioner Mark Everson as saying so , as well as former commissioner Charles O. Rossotti , who told Congress that if the I.R.S. hired more agents , it “ could collect more than $ 9 billion each year and spend only $ 296 million — or about three cents on the dollar — to do so , ” according to Johnston .
Even if Rossotti was exaggerating by a factor of 5 , the U.S. Govt .
would still be getting a better deal by hiring more agents than by contracting to a third party that takes a 22 % cut .
But Congress , which oversees the I.R.S. budget , is famously reluctant to give the agency more resources to do its job .
We touched on this subject in a column we wrote a few months back .
Why is this the case ?
Maybe our congressmen are a bunch of history buffs so imbued with the spirit of our republic that they remember the Boston Tea Party too well and are scared of how the populace might revolt if they ramp up tax enforcement .
But keep in mind that we are talking about tax enforcement here , which is the I.R.S. ’s job , and not tax law , which is Congress ’s responsibility .
In other words , Congress is happy to set the tax rates that it does ; but it does n’t want to be seen as giving too much comfort to the bad cops who have to go out and collect those tax dollars .
So maybe they need to relabel their effort to get all the tax money that is owed .
Since Congress approves so much money for the War on Terror and the War on Drugs , maybe it ’s time for them to launch a War on Taxes — well , really , a War on Tax Cheats .
What if they could demonize the tax cheats so thoroughly , emphasizing that the “ tax gap ” ( the difference between taxes owed and money collected ) is about the size of the federal deficit : would that make it more politically palatable to give the I.R.S. the resources to collect the money that is owed ?
Maybe they could put pictures of tax cheats on milk cartons , on flyers at the post office , even on America ’s Most Wanted .
Would that do the trick ?
Would a properly managed War on Tax Cheats fix the problem ?
For now , we ’ll have to settle for the I.R.S. turning over the job to collection agencies who will collect some money but not nearly as much as is owed .
Which means a lot of money — a lot of tax money , that is , collected from the people who do n’t cheat — continuing to go down the drain .
[ Update : Paul Krugman ’s Monday Times column also addresses the I.R.S. plan ; here ’s the link , though it may only work if you subscribe . ]
What special secret can a lazy soul use to motivate him / herself ?
Here is how I do it .
Needless to say , my way is based on avoiding work .
Needless to say , my way emphasizes fun , joy , and ease .
And needless to say , my way “ plays ” like a charm .
The key for me is to start with a goal or vision for a project that inspires me from many different perspectives , each perspective addressing one or more of my passions .
I come up with my goals in a most lazy and relaxed manner .
In fact , relaxation is THE essential ingredient for this process to be successful .
No sweat , no effort , no strain , no pain , no pressure , no aggravation , no commute , no bosses , no deadlines , no distractions , no work ; just relaxing with a quiet desire to have a new goal .
Then I play with my imagination throughout the day , every day .
Major overhauls of an idea can be done effortlessly from a hammock .
A million starts and restarts can be done on a leisurely walk without generating a bead of perspiration .
Adjusting , tweaking and refining the goal can be done without any elbow grease .
An idea can be examined from many different angles without flexing any muscle fiber .
No money or effort or manpower ever need be committed in this entire process .
I simply enjoy the dreams and I do n’t get impatient and try to force anything .
The closer I get to creating a pretty good idea of what I want to accomplish , the more my juices flow .
When those juices reach a critical mass , the next step is automatic .
I then ca n’t wait to get started putting the pieces together .
The formula is simple :
When the goal is inspiring , the activity that is required to fulfill the goal becomes irresistible .
Now comes the coolest part .
In every case , I have found that both the vision of my goal and the activity needed to realize it naturally attract people who have sophisticated skills .
These folks just want to join the fun .
When you add creative , talented people to the mix , the project becomes even more fun and alluring , which attracts more talent which makes it more fun which attracts more people and so on .
The whole thing becomes a delicious cycle .
And before you know it , my “ job ” reverts back to where I started – relaxing .
And dreaming of ways to make it even bigger and better .
Only this time I do a lot of cheerleading too .
www.lazyway.net
( Essay was written in April , 2002 )
( If you were sent here to read about preferences , consider reading this cleaned - up extract instead - you 'll avoid a lot of dated discussion of 2002 GNOME .
I 'm leaving the original essay here but would n't suggest reading it all .
Click here for the extract . )
Many people have argued that free software has trouble creating good user interfaces .
Recently Matthew Thomas posted a nice example of this argument , which I found on Joel 's web site .
It was cool to find mpt's article , because it nicely articulates what 's gone wrong with many projects - including past versions of all the major Linux / UNIX desktops .
Aside from the list of bullet points there are a couple big - picture issues I consider significant about GNOME 2 , but do n't expect most outsiders have noticed yet .
Accessibility .
The enormous amount of work Sun has invested in GNOME 2 accessibility keeps us in the running for government use in the US and around the world .
Without this rather substantial body of work , free software would have been shut out of all government agencies .
( Not to mention that this work means we 're accessible to disabled users ! )
Importantly , Mozilla and OpenOffice are being integrated into the same accessibility architecture .
Most people do n't understand the significance of the accessibility initiative , even if they know about it .
Usability .
GNOME 2 has a long way to go .
But in my opinion , it has changed the slope of the trend line that Matthew Thomas ( and others before him ) have observed , and moreover GNOME 2 is ( in my opinion ) the first Linux / UNIX desktop release to round this corner .
I 'd been meaning to write about this second point for a while , and mpt's web log really inspired me to go ahead and do so .
So here are some random thoughts .
This is n't an organized essay .
What is " Good UI " ?
As far as I can tell from user posts on mailing lists and magazine / webzine reviews , to your average technically - inclined Internet resident a good UI means you have a lot of features , or alternatively that you have a lot of snazzy graphics , or alternatively that your UI is just like one that the commentator has used in the past .
I do n't have any genius definition of " good UI " ; I 'm not a UI expert .
But it clearly does n't mean snazzy graphics or featuritis .
In the end when I think good UI I think of MacOS classic : clean , simple , consistent , productive .
You focus on your work or play and the GUI is n't in the way .
OS X adds the cool graphics too , but those are n't the part that makes it a good UI , just the part that makes it fun .
Another element of good UI is attention to all the little details : good error dialogs , setting up keyboard navigation , dealing with relayout when a window gets resized , accessibility , internationalization .
People do n't usually know how to evaluate these aspects of a UI , unless they 're experienced UI designers or GUI programmers .
I suppose I have a Cliff 's notes approach to good UI and the real UI designers will laugh , but ah well .
It 's a decent heuristic . ;-)
So anyhow , when I talk about a good UI that 's a vague definition of what I mean .
Why free software can do good UI
Have a look at the list of reasons why mpt says that free software UIs come out badly :
Not enough UI designers .
Too many cooks .
Designers can't submit code patches .
Just copying Apple and Microsoft .
Volunteers only want to do cool stuff .
Volunteers do n't do boring details .
Maintainers cave in and add lame preferences rather than endure flamewars .
People want their own fifteen pixels of UI .
Workarounds are introduced during the devel process and never removed .
I do n't think most of these bullet points explain why free software user interfaces are traditionally sucky .
Here is how I explain it : consistently producing quality user interfaces is hard .
Let me explain that a bit more . ;-)
Take all of the above bullet points , and plug in " good software design " in place of " good UI . "
Observe that most of the bullet points still make sense , and in fact you 'll probably feel that you 've heard the arguments before .
Here are the ones that still apply :
Not enough software designers to get the work done .
Too many cooks spoil the code 's architecture .
Free software does n't innovate , just copies .
Volunteers only want to do cool stuff .
Volunteers do n't do boring details .
Maintainers cave in and add misguided features or code rather than endure flamewars .
People want their own features to point at .
Workarounds are introduced during the devel process and never removed .
People have argued that good software developers wo n't work for free , that too many cooks could screw up the design , that free software wo n't have innovative features , that no one will do the boring bugfixes , that lame workarounds will remain forever , etc. etc .
( Hmm - it 's even possible Bill Gates has been saying some of this stuff lately ... )
Guess what - many successful free software projects have overcome those issues on the software architecture side .
The tools to overcome them are n't anything mysterious : a culture of strong lead architects propagating good guidelines and insisting that things be done correctly ; good process and bug tracking ; commercial companies helping to bang out the boring issues ; finding good contributors and ignoring the crazy and incompetent ones .
Look at the Linux kernel , Apache , XFree86 , whatever - all these successful projects have dealt with these kinds of issues in the realm of code , and it can also be done in the realm of UI .
Good UI is no different from good software , you achieve quality results through quality process and quality people , working over time .
Only one of the bullet points in mpt's article is unique to UI :
Designers can't submit code patches .
While it has an impact , I do n't think this bullet point is very significant by itself .
For one thing , it is n't always true .
GNOME UI team leader Seth Nickell is famous for going into CVS and changing things . ;-)
For another , based on watching mailing lists and spam from the bug tracker , we have lots of developers who are willing to follow the human interface guidelines , fix UI bugs , and ask the UI team for suggestions .
Finally , we have UI designers who work for companies that contribute developers to GNOME , and they typically have the ability to guide the efforts of their company 's developers .
( It is true that UI designers have to spend more time convincing others to do things than they might have to in a proprietary because - I - said - so situation ; but that 's true of everyone involved in a free software project .
Some people have the personality for this , others do n't . )
If all these points apply to software development as well and free software projects seem to produce great software , why have they typically produced bad user interfaces ?
Again , consistently producing quality user interfaces is hard .
Specifically :
User interfaces are hard to learn how to do well , they are a legitimate area of expertise , and people have n't had even basic knowledge of this area .
User interface programming is hard to learn how to do well .
Answering questions for new GTK + developers , I 've watched hundreds of people go through the same stages ; such as the misguided " hmm , maybe I can autogenerate my GUI " stage , or the " oh , I finally understand what ' event - driven ' means ! " stage .
is hard to learn how to do well .
Answering questions for new GTK + developers , I 've watched hundreds of people go through the same stages ; such as the misguided " hmm , maybe I can autogenerate my GUI " stage , or the " oh , I finally understand what ' event - driven ' means ! " stage .
User interfaces are a lot of work even after you know how to do them well , and while companies have thrown hundreds of millions at the Linux kernel to move it from toy to enterprise - class , they have only started to take an interest in the GUI .
User interfaces competitive with Windows or OS X require a certain amount of technical infrastructure in order to develop them .
The availability of modern GUI toolkits such as GTK + 2 and Qt 3 ( rather than Xt or Tk ) is a big step forward .
We still have a long way to go on the systems level though . [ 1 ]
In short , our UI has sucked for the same reason version 1.0 of the Linux kernel sucked ; it 's not mature yet .
Creating a good UI is a matter of assembling and effectively organizing a sufficiently large and coordinated group of contributors for a sufficiently long amount of time .
In the GNOME Project , my feeling is that we 're getting some traction on the hard problem of creating a good interface .
Here are some of the specific reasons why :
We have several good UI designers with respected leadership roles .
I would attribute this in part to Sun and Ximian paying these designers for their time , and also in part to the influence of Eazel .
Developers have basic UI understanding , and can make an intelligent case about a UI question on mailing lists or in bugzilla .
Programmers have learned how to design and write GUI code effectively .
Our culture encourages good UI and discourages " crackrock features . "
No matter how nice your code , GNOME developers will not be impressed if the UI is junk .
UI bugs are tracked as bugs in bugzilla , they get fixed , and people who wo n't fix their UI are considered incompetent .
UI bugs are just like any other problem with the software ; they 're something to be addressed .
No rocket science here .
It 's just a matter of creating a critical mass of people who " get " what the right thing to do is , and having the resources to go ahead and do it .
Over perhaps the last year , especially the last 6 months , I 've gotten the sense that we 've turned the corner and finally could really tell you what 's involved in creating a GUI competitive with OS X or Windows XP .
And enough resources have fallen into place that we 're making noticeable progress on some of the more challenging aspects of doing so .
But there 's still a mountain of work remaining .
[ 1 ]
The kernel and underlying OS frequently do n't offer the features you 'd need to make a UI competitive with OS X or Windows XP - and most of the lower - level OS programmers , even the famous ones , do n't understand what a good UI is like , or how to write a GUI program , so are no help in fixing the situation .
Of course I 'm also no help in fixing the kernel , so I do n't mean to criticize , just to suggest that we need a few people with dual expertise , or better communication between projects .
Do commercial companies help or hurt ?
mpt claims in a brief aside that Eazel and Ximian have hurt the GNOME Project .
While Eazel and Ximian are the high - profile GNOME - specific companies , the OS vendors ( Red Hat , Sun , Hewlett - Packard , Mandrake , etc. ) have also been major players .
Here 's a brief tangent on my personal view , though you are free to consider me biased since I work at Red Hat .
Each influx of commercial developers has had some costs .
Several times we 've had a big mass of new full - time developers joining our existing development team .
As predicted by Fred Brooks , this has resulted in delays .
With each new group we 've had to enhance and formalize our process for doing things , and learn to scale the project to more participants ; and the new developers have taken a while to ramp up .
Moreover , you can certainly blame some bad UI on commercial factors ; for example , I think Nautilus would have been more integrated with the desktop if it had n't been Eazel 's flagship product , and it 's unfortunate that the company disappeared before reaching the optimization phase of the project .
( GNOME 2 has largely fixed both issues , btw . )
At the same time , Eazel introduced the culture of usability to GNOME , and the vast majority of Nautilus code is great stuff .
So the net contribution was positive .
IMO the companies that have gotten involved in GNOME have been crucial to our success .
Having contributors employed full - time is pretty nice .
It makes large / hard changes easier and helps get the boring bits of work done .
The process and infrastructure we 've developed to handle the large number of full - time developers working on GNOME caused short - term delays , but is proving invaluable .
An enormous number of bug fixes have originated from the operating system vendors .
UI designers and user testing .
Understanding of the problems that are encountered by " real world " customers .
While you can certainly point to screwups caused by people working for companies , I would n't blame mysterious corporate agendas ; most of them have been the kind of screwups you get when you move a software project from 5 people to 300 people .
Our largest screwups have been caused by interpersonal / individual issues , not companies ; and on the whole , GNOME is a lot more harmonious than the linux - kernel mailing list , or the legendary Perl flamefests .
The GNOME Foundation has been vital for taking advantage of commercial contributions , without letting them compromise the integrity of the project .
The Foundation bylaws clearly place all control in the hands of individual GNOME project members , and I expect most members to be volunteers pretty much forever .
Many other projects such as the Linux kernel and Apache have managed to benefit enormously from corporate contributions , without sacrificing technical goals , and IMO the same is happening for GNOME .
The Question of Preferences
The most - often - mentioned example of bad free software UI is " too many preferences . "
This is pretty much my pet peeve ; I was inspired to write a whole window manager on the premise that current window managers suffer from preferences overload .
A traditional free software application is configurable so that it has the union of all features anyone 's ever seen in any equivalent application on any other historical platform .
Or even configurable to be the union of all applications that anyone 's ever seen on any historical platform ( Emacs * cough * ) .
Does this hurt anything ?
Yes it does .
It turns out that preferences have a cost .
Of course , some preferences also have important benefits - and can be crucial interface features .
But each one has a price , and you have to carefully consider its value .
Many users and developers do n't understand this , and end up with a lot of cost and little value for their preferences dollar .
Too many preferences means you can't find any of them .
While I use X - Chat every day and am fundamentally friendly to it , I have to pick on it in this paragraph and hope the maintainer is good - natured .
It has so many preferences that there 's a whole menu just to hold all the different preferences dialogs .
Plus you can script it - in your choice of languages .
If I want to change something about X - Chat , it takes me eons just to find the right button .
Preferences really substantively damage QA and testing .
As someone who reads dozens of bug reports per day , and occasionally fixes a couple , I can tell you that it 's extremely common to find a bug that only happens if some certain combination of options are enabled .
As a software developer , I can tell you that preferences frequently do add quite a bit of code complexity as well ; some more than others , but even simple preferences can add a lot of complexity if there are 200 of them .
Upshot : more preferences means fewer real features , and more bugs .
Preferences make integration and good UI difficult .
One of the hardest lessons of GUI programming is that hard coding behavior can be the Right Thing .
Programmers are taught to make everything generic and infinitely flexible .
The problem is that the more generic and infinitely flexible your UI is , the more similar it is to a programming language .
Lisp is not a good user interface .
The point of a good program is to do something specific and do it well .
The thing is that each UI decision depends on countless other UI decisions .
A really simple example is keybindings .
On UNIX / Linux , it 's nearly impossible to pick reasonable default bindings for global desktop navigation because they all conflict with bindings that some app is using .
On Windows , the desktop navigation bindings are hardcoded , and no app uses them , because apps know for sure which bindings to avoid .
If your program has no idea what the rest of its environment ( or even all the parts of itself ) will be like , then it can't really have reasonable defaults .
It ca n't " just work . "
Basically , at some point the existence of preferences means that everyone must configure their desktop ; while ideally preferences are optional and the default behavior is reasonable without intervention .
Hard coding what can be hard coded has a lot of value .
Preferences keep people from fixing real bugs .
One of the more amusing functions in GNU Emacs is " menu- bar - enable - clipboard . "
Now that KDE is fixed , Emacs is basically the last remaining X application that insists on having cut and paste that does n't work correctly .
So they have this function " menu- bar - enable - clipboard " which basically means " please make my cut and paste work correctly . "
Why is this an option ?
I call this kind of preference the " unbreak my application please " button .
Just fix the app and be done with it .
Preferences can confuse many users .
Take the famous too many clocks example .
A significant number of test subjects were so surprised to have 5 choices of clock they could n't figure out how to add a clock to their panel .
This cost of preferences is invariably underestimated by us technical types .
The simplest issue : the preferences dialog is finite in size .
You can see many large apps struggling with where to put the things .
Mozilla has a zillion prefs that are n't even in the dialog .
So how do you decide which preferences to have ?
On hearing that preferences have a cost , some people get upset that we 're going to remove every preference , or that their favorite one is gone , or whatever .
Step back for a minute and think about the preferences problem .
For any program , there are literally an infinite number of possible preferences .
Each one has a cost .
A program with infinite preferences is therefore infinitely bad .
But clearly some preferences are genuinely useful and important .
So the UI developer 's job is to choose the useful subset of possible preferences .
An argument that " preferences are good " or " preferences are bad " is clearly unproductive .
Only an argument that draws a line between when a preference should exist , and when it should not , is a meaningful argument that impacts real - world developer decisions .
The traditional , de facto free software line between when a preference should exist and when it should n't is " a preference should exist if someone implements it or asks for it . "
No one is going to seriously defend this one though .
At least , no one who 's maintained an application and seen the sheer number of non-overlapping feature / preference requests you typically receive can take this one seriously .
Just as Linus rejects most kernel patches these days - but probably took more of them back in the Linux 0.1 era - as free software matures , more preferences will be rejected .
So how is the decision made ?
It 's a judgment call .
I try to go through some questions like these :
Ask questions to find out what 's really bugging someone who requests a preference .
What is the annoyance or inefficiency that prompted them to ask ?
Can said annoyance be made to go away for all users without requiring a preference ?
If so , just do that .
You may have to think about the big picture of the UI to figure out how to make it Just Work .
Is the annoyance or inefficiency really significant , or did it cost them 1 second doing something that users do once per week on average ?
If it 's just some trivial thing , then the extra feature or preference probably costs more than it 's worth , even if you can't make things Just Work .
Does any other OS have this feature or preference ?
I 'm all for innovation , but if no one else is doing something , you should think it through twice to be sure there is n't a reason they are n't doing it .
If you 're appropriately humble you 'll probably find that a lot of thought and user testing has gone into the currently popular platforms .
The main point is to set limits .
Figure you have some fixed number of slots for preferences ; is the preference in question worth " spending " one of those slots ?
Once spent it 's hard to free a slot up again .
Keep in mind that preferences have a cost , and demand that each preference have some real value .
Standing up to user pressure
As the maintainer of a free software package , it 's really tough to stand up to the continuous barrage of feature requests , many of which are " requests for preferences , " often accompanied by patches .
Reading dozens of GNOME and Red Hat bugs per day , I find that users ask for a preference by default .
If a user is using my app FooBar and they come to something they think is stupid - say the app deletes all their email - it 's extremely common that they 'll file a bug saying " there should be an option to disable eating all my email " instead of one saying " your craptastic junk - heap of an app ate my email . "
People just assume that FooBar was designed to eat your email , and humbly ask that you let them turn off this feature they do n't like .
Fight the temptation !
Admit the truth to your users - you 're a loser , FooBar just sucks and ate their email . ;-)
This feature should be fixed , not made optional .
I got a patch just today because the Metacity window shading animation is pretty lame - looking , and moreover grabs the X server which results in keeping all apps from repainting during the animation .
So the patch made the animation optional .
But that 's probably not the right fix .
As far as I currently know , the problem is that the animation sucks .
Based on that info , the preference would be a band - aid .
Linus had a good quote on this , found in LWN this week .
The argument on the linux - kernel list was apparently about whether some poorly - implemented IDE feature should have been removed prior to creating a new , better replacement implementation .
Linus says :
The fact is , many things are easier to fix afterwards .
Particularly because that 's the only time you 'll find people motivated enough to bother about it .
If you were to need to fix everything before - the - fact , nothing fundamental would ever get fixed , simply because the people who can fix one thing are not usually the same people who can fix another .
The annoying problem here is that sometimes you have to temporarily cause regressions in order to get things fixed .
For GNOME 2 for example , we wanted to fix the window list ( task bar ) applet ; under GNOME 1.4 , it has to be manually sized via preferences .
We wanted it to Just Work .
But it took a while to make it Just Work and we were flamed regularly during its period of brokenness , because we did n't get it quite right .
Most of those flames demanded re-adding all the manual sizing preferences .
But that would have been wrong .
( Now that the applet is mostly working , it may even make sense to add a " maximum size " preference as a useful feature . )
Stick to your guns and get it right .
What about advanced users ?
As Joel points out advanced users do not want a million useless preferences when things should just work on their own .
The point rings true in my experience .
Sometimes there may be a good reason for an Advanced tab or the like , but something as elaborate as the Nautilus 1 " user levels " concept is n't warranted IMO , and Advanced tabs must not be used as band - aids or excuses for stupid designs .
( The Desktop Preferences -> Advanced menu in current GNOME 2 betas is precisely such a band - aid , because the new control panels have n't fully replaced the functionality of the old ones ; this menu needs to die . )
Why all this obsession with preferences anyway ?
I find that if you 're hard - core disciplined about having good defaults that Just Work instead of lazily adding preferences , that naturally leads the overall UI in the right direction .
Issues come up via bugzilla or mailing lists or user testing , and you fix them in some way other than adding a preference , and this means you have to think about the right UI and the right way to fix problems .
Basically , using preferences as a band - aid is the root of much UI evil .
It 's a big deal and a big change in direction for free software that GNOME has figured this out .
But how can you claim GNOME 2 is good , it lacks < insert my favorite feature here >
Sure , it probably needs that feature . ;-)
File a bug report , add the Usability keyword .
I 'd be a moron to claim GNOME 2 is perfect .
But I do think that in many places it 's a clear departure from the traditional hundreds - of - preferences , as - many - buttons - as - will - fit , as - many - menu - items - as - will - fit , union - of - all - possible - features free software UIs . [ 2 ]
And when you file that bug report , consider asking that the defaults be fixed , instead of asking for a preference .
Web 2.0と呼ばれるユーザー主導のインターネットに出資しようと投資家たちは必死だが、これらの企業はそのような資金を必要としていないという。
英国で現地時間2月20日に開催された「 UK Technology Innovation ＆ Growth Forum」では、注目が高ま るWeb 2.0から利益を得る方法を模索するベンチャーキャピタル（VC）の姿が浮き彫りとなった。
Arma Partnersのパートナーであ るVictor Basta氏によると、今日のユーザー主導型インターネットサービスになんとか投資しようと、投資家は悪戦苦闘しているという。
「 VC はWeb 2.0に悩まされている。というのも、Web 2.0企業は最初から利益を出しているので、投資のしようがないのだ。VC側はWeb 2.0企業に投資しようと必死だが、企業側は投資を受ける必要がない」（Basta氏）
1990 年代のドットコムバブル時には、成功しそうな技術系新興企業にVCが多額の出資をするが、資金を受けた企業が大規模な黒字を出すのは数年後というものが典型的なパターンだった。
Web 2.0の人気を牽引しているのは、オンライン写真共有サイトのFlickr、お気に入りを共有できるサイトDel.icio.usなどのインターネットサービスだ。2005年、Yahooは1社あたり推定約3000万ドルを支払い、この2社を買収している。
「いくつかの取引を見ると、企業はまだ黎明期にある技術に惜しみない金額を支払っている」とBasta氏は述べる。同氏自身も、Web 2.0環境で成功する企業は、財務的な見通しが優良であるという考えを持つ。「これらの企業は、税引前利益40％を容易に達成できる」とBasta氏は述べた。
CSS Font and Text Style Wizard
Font font - family serif sans - serif cursive fantasy monospace custom : font - style normal italic oblique font - variant normal small - caps font - weight normal bold bolder lighter 100 200 500 600 900 font - size medium small large smaller larger custom :
Text line - height 100 % 200 % 80 % 2em 1em 0.8 em custom : word - spacing normal 1ex 1.5ex 2ex 5ex letter - spacing normal 0.1ex 0.3ex 0.75ex 1ex text - decoration none underline overline line - through blink text - transform none capitalize uppercase lowercase text - align left right center justify text - indent 0ex 1ex 2ex 5ex 10ex 10 % 20 %
Click the buttons above to change the text below " You are old , Father William , " the young man said ,
" And your hair has become very white ;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head --
Do you think , at your age , it is right ? " vertical - align baseline sub super top text - top middle bottom text - bottom Vertical - align applies only to the image and THIS CAPITALIZED TEXT relative to this line .
CSS and HTML Source Code
The box below shows example CSS and HTML source code .
The code will update dynamically as you press the buttons above .
You can select text in the box and then copy and paste the starter code .
CSS Font and Text Style Wizard
Welcome to the CSS Font and Text Style Wizard , brought to you due to the popularity of the HTML and CSS Table Border Style Wizard .
Use this wizard to experiment with font and text styles and generate sample CSS style source code .
This wizard uses dynamic HTML to change the style of the table in - situ , without loading another page .
It is cross - browser compatible with Firefox , Netscape , Internet Explorer , and other modern browsers .
Font and Text Style Notes
Font Family
For font - family , you can specify an actual font name , like " Courier New " in the custom field .
If the name has spaces , you should quote it , and it is case - insensitive .
You can specify a comma-separated list of font names , which will be used in the order listed when some are not found on the user 's system .
Designers should use the most desired font first , the most compatible font second - to - last , and the generic font family last and always .
For example , a common font - family value is " Verdana " , " Arial " , sans - serif .
Units
When you use specify lengths in CSS , you should generally use the relative units appropriate to the property .
For width properties , use ex units , which corresponds to the width of the lower - case ' x ' character .
For height properties , use em units , which corresponds to the height of the capital ' M ' character .
Relative units are preferred to absolute units , like px , pt , and in .
One reason for this is that one day , monitors may have more than 96 dots per inch , in which case your 14px font will look too small .
Other relative values like smaller , bolder , and percentages are also better choices than the absolute values .
There are always exceptions though .
Browser Support
This page does not work in Opera 8 or IE5 for the Mac .
The above properties and values are the most commonly supported , but among them are some that have very limited support ( e.g. the numeric font weights ) .
There are other properties , such as those defined in CSS2 , that are not shown here because they are not supported by any browsers yet .
I chose to link the property names to the IndexDotCSS CSS Property Index page because they have compatibility information .
They also have detailed explanations of how the properties work .
For example , when you specify percentage values for the text - indent property , the percentage is relative to the parent element , which in this case is a table cell .
Vertical Alignment
The vertical alignment property is a bit difficult to grasp , and is sometimes classified as a positioning property .
In general , it defines the relationship between the baseline of the element and the baseline of its parent .
For text , the baseline is an imaginary line on which the text sits .
Characters like lower - case ' j ' and ' q ' have decenders which extend below this line .
For images , the baseline is just the bottom of the image .
In the context of this wizard , this property is included to show superscript and subscript display with CSS .
Misc
To see text like one finds in comic books , set font - family to cursive , font - style to italic , font - variant to small - caps , font - weight to bold , and letter - spacing to 0.1ex .
The justify text - align option will not have any visible effect since none of the lines are wrapped .
And in case you were wondering , the sample text and image are from Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
This book by Lewis Carroll was made available by the efforts of Project Gutenberg .
For information on dynamically setting styles with Javascript and how the HTML toggle buttons work , please see the border style wizard ( first link below ) .
More CSS Wizards
Recommended Books
Bush : Criticism dovetails with ' enemy propaganda ' President Bush told a largely military audience Friday that critics who believe that fighting the war in Iraq has made America less safe are " buying into enemy propaganda . "
" You do not create terrorism by fighting terrorism , " Bush told a meeting of the Reserve Officers Association in Washington .
" If that ever becomes the mindset of the policymakers in Washington , it means we will go back to the old days of waiting to be attacked and then respond . "
He said the only way to fight terrorism " is to stay on the offense against the terrorists . "
Bush said some of his critics " selectively quoted " from recently leaked portions of a classified National Intelligence Estimate on the war against terrorism to suggest that extremists were using the Iraq war to recruit more terrorists .
The president declassified key judgments from the NIE after leaks appeared in The New York Times .
Bush said it was noteworthy that the leaks appeared in the run-up to the Nov. 7 midterm elections .
" Some of them selectively quoted from the document to make the case that by fighting terrorists , by fighting them in Iraq , we are making people less secure here at home , " Bush said .
" This argument buys into the enemy propaganda that the enemies attacked up because we are fighting them . "
" I want to remind American citizens , " he said to long applause , " that we were not in Iraq on Sept. 11 , 2001 . "
The president 's speech focused almost exclusively on fighting in Afghanistan and made only passing reference to the war in Iraq .
At one point , however , he said , " Iraq is not the reason the terrorists are at war against us . "
" Their war against us is because they hate the very thing that America stands for , " he said .
" And we stand for freedom . "
The president 's remarks were the latest in a series of speeches on the war against terrorism , which Bush calls the " ideological struggle of the 21st century " , that began shortly before the fifth anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks .
On August 18 2006 a post was made at our website explaining how easy it was to access ( private ) comments and photos on Myspace profiles set to " private " .
This vulnerability in Myspace profiles had apparently been known by the " Myspace underground " for some time , but had not been addressed by the Myspace security people .
On August 26 , this vulnerability was made public on Digg.com and suddenly the whole world knew about it .
Once in the spotlight , Myspace band - aided this " view private profile " hole in less than 24 hours .
Note :
The information contained on this page is for educational purposes only .
It is hoped that by making such breaches in Myspace privacy / security public , Myspace administrators / programmers can correct the issue and prevent further lapses in security in the future .
Myspace.com has been notified of this security vulnerability .
Originally posted :
8/18/06 ; 12:05 PM
Posted by : xxrachelnic0lexx ;
Subject : comments on a private profile
ok .. here 's the Myspace code to view private comments :
http://editprofile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=profile.safeDeleteComments&FriendID=
* insert their Myspace friendID at the end For pictures : http://collect.myspace.com/user/viewPicture.cfm?friendID=
** ** Put the friendID there
Looking for an exotic finish for your case mod or do you just want to pimp your ride ?
Look no further .
The folks at ALSA have developed some amazing paint finishes including one that has the ability to change colors temporarily when heat is applied .
Their Eclipse paint is a special spray - on basecoat that can change colors from black to white or blue to white .
Then additional color coats can be sprayed on over the top of the basecoat to create some super cool effects .
Check out this video of the paint in action :
ALSA offers a number of other cool finishes as well including a color - shifting chrome coat among others .
A sample pack of their paints and finishing materials can be ordered here .
If it was up to the RIAA , nobody would copy music anymore .
The funny thing is however , blank media and media recorders bring a lot of money to the RIAA .
You might probably not be aware of this , but every time somebody buys a cd-recorder in the US , $ 2 goes directly to the RIAA .
And even more striking , the RIAA cashes 2 % 3 % of the money spent on blank media like recordable cd’s .
The RIAA thanks the money to the Audio Home Recording Act ( link to riaa site ) .
The AHRA forces manufacturers and importers of digital audio recorders and blank media to pay royalties to the RIAA .
The RIAA is supposed to divide this money among artists ( 40 % ) and record labels ( 60 % ) .
However , the artists never see a penny .
Update : Note that the money does n’t go directly to the RIAA , but to the AARC .
However , the RIAA and AARC share office space , and some employees .
So for the sake of simplicity … ;) ( see comments )
But even if they did get their money , it would be a strange construction .
The AHRA dates back to 1992 , a time where blank media ( cd , minidisk , dat ) were mostly used to copy music .
Today , 16 years later , people use these disks for other ( read personal ) uses .
700 MB is not what it used to be if you know what I mean .
And this puts the AHRA in a whole other light .
Because , even if you buy a couple of cd’s to backup some of your documents , or to store your holiday pictures , you ’re paying 2 % to the RIAA .
A friend of mine recently produced a cd full of educational movies and info about the AIDS problems in Africa .
He spent hours making the CD , and distributed 1000 copies for free , to make school children aware of these problems .
Guess what ?
The RIAA collected 2 % ….
Some careful readers pointed out that the law only affect blank music CDR ’s so the latter reasoning is incorrect .
But still , it ’s strange that the RIAA or AARC collect money , but forbid us to copy music on the other hand .
Sounds like a double standard to me .
And indeed , this bill was supposed to give consumers the legal right to copy music for non-commercial use .
AnonEmouse found some interesting quotes in the congressional record of the floor discussion for the “ audio home recording act ” .
( Mr. MOORHEAD )
Mr. Speaker , H.R. 3204 would make it clear that noncommercial taping of music by consumers is not a violation of copyright law .
The debate over home taping of records goes back to 1970 when Congress first extended copyright protection for records but this legislation will end the 22 - year - old debate and make it clear that home taping does not constitute copyright infringement .
â€ ¦
I am not aware of any opposition to this bill .
It has the support of industry , the Copyright Office , the consumers and the administration .
I urge your support .
( Mr. HUGHES )
H.R. 3204 removes the legal cloud over home copying of prerecorded music in the most proconsumer way possible :
It gives consumers a complete exemption for noncommercial home copying of both digital and analog music , even though the royalty obligations under the bill apply only to digitally formatted music .
No longer will consumers be branded copyright pirates for making a tape for their car or for their children .
( Mrs. COLLINS )
This compromise solution was reached through difficult negotiations by a coalition of the recording industry ; songwriters and music publishers ; electronics industry and groups that want consumers to continue to enjoy the benefits of private home taping .
There are three basic provisions of the legislation .
First , it guarantees consumers the legal right to make analog or digital copies of musical recordings for noncommercial use .
Also it prohibits lawsuits being brought against those that manufacture , import , or distribute a digital or analog audio recorder or medium .
Revolt of the fairly rich
Today 's lower upper class is seething about the ultrawealthy .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
Not long ago an investment banker worth millions told me that he was n't in his line of work for the money .
" If I was doing this for the money , " he said , with no trace of irony , " I 'd be at a hedge fund . "
What to say ?
Only on a small plot of real estate in lower Manhattan at the dawn of the 21st century could such a statement be remotely fathomable .
That it is suggests how debauched our ruling class has become .
The widening chasm between rich and poor may well threaten our democracy .
Yet if that banker 's lament staggers your brain as it did mine , you 're on your way to seeing why America 's income gap is arguably less likely to spark a retro fight between proletarians and capitalists than a war between what I call the " lower upper class " and the ultrarich .
Here 's my outlandish theory : that economic resentment at the bottom of the top 1 percent of America 's income distribution is the new wild card in public life .
Ordinary workers wo n't rise up against ultras because they take it as given that " the rich get richer . "
But the hopes and dreams of today 's educated class are based on the idea that market capitalism is a meritocracy .
The unreachable success of the superrich shreds those dreams .
" I 've seen it in my research , " says pollster Doug Schoen , who counsels Michael Bloomberg and Hillary Clinton , among others .
" If you look at the lower part of the upper class or the upper part of the upper middle class , there 's a great deal of frustration .
These are people who assumed that their hard work and conventional ' success ' would leave them with no worries .
It 's the type of rumbling that could lead to political volatility . "
Lower uppers are doctors , accountants , engineers , lawyers .
At companies they 're mostly executives above the rank of VP but below the CEO .
Their comrades include well - fed members of the media ( and even Fortune columnists who earn their living as consultants ) .
Lower uppers are professionals who by dint of schooling , hard work and luck are living better than 99 percent of the humans who have ever walked the planet .
They 're also people who can't help but notice how many folks with credentials like theirs are living in Gatsby - esque splendor they 'll never enjoy .
This stings .
If people no smarter or better than you are making ten or 50 or 100 million dollars in a single year while you 're working yourself ragged to earn a million or two - or , God forbid , $ 400,000 - then something must be wrong .
You can hear the fallout in conversations across the country .
A New York - based market research guru - a well - to - do fellow who 's built and sold his own firm - explodes in a rant about ultras bidding up real estate prices .
A family doctor in Los Angeles with two kids shakes his head that between tuition and donations , ultras have raised the ante for private school slots to the point where he can't get his kids enrolled .
A senior executive at a nationally known firm seethes at the idea of eliminating the estate tax ; it is an ultra conspiracy , in his view , a reprehensible giveaway to people whose outsized lucre bears little relation to hard work .
As one civic - minded lower - upper businessman told me , even his charity now feels insignificant :
When buyout kings plunk down $ 1 million for a youth or arts group , his $ 20,000 contribution does n't get him the right to co-chair a dinner , let alone a seat on the board .
There 's only so much of this a smart , vocal elite can take before the seams burst - and a bilious reaction against unmerited privilege starts oozing from every pore .
Especially when it 's clear to lower uppers that many ultras are reaping the rewards of rigged systems : CEOs who preside over tumbling stock prices , hedge fund managers who barely beat the market .
It may seem far - fetched to think a revolt against extreme inequality will be led by posh professionals .
But the conversations above suggest there 's a potent political opening for a " comeuppance agenda . "
Eliot Spitzer , an ultra by birth ( like F.D.R. ) , has shown the power of turning against the sleazy self - dealing of his class .
Once Spitzer 's crusades against greed sweep him into the New York governor 's mansion next month , imitators may follow .
Shame as a strategy to constrain avarice may come back into fashion .
Like I said , it 's just a theory .
It could be sour grapes .
But if I were in this for the money , I 'd bet there was something to it .
Matt Miller is a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and the author of " The 2 % Solution : Fixing America 's Problems in Ways Liberals and Conservatives Can Love . "
25 Rules to Grow Rich By
MONEY Magazine 's
What it takes to be rich
Return of the bubble : IPOs behaving badly
Call it the not - Google syndrome :
For tech companies filing to go public lately , profitability is optional .
Investors beware .
Maybe we 're back in a tech bubble after all .
That 's the conclusion to be drawn , at least , from the quality of the technology companies that are filing to go public lately .
Of six prominent tech IPOs in registration right now - Vonage , Riverbed Technology , Clearwire , Alien , GoDaddy and DivX - just one , DivX , is profitable .
Perhaps because of high - quality IPOs from profitable companies like Google , Salesforce.com ( Research ) and Rackable Systems ( Research ) recently , we 've been seduced into thinking that the " old rules " apply again .
That is , it used to be that a company needed several quarters of profitable growth before it could qualify for an IPO - not because of government regulations but because investment banks supposedly would n't risk their reputations by bringing untested companies to the market .
The bankers threw out the rules in the late 1990s , happily muttering something about how if the ducks were quacking you had to feed them .
We all know how that ended .
While numerous immature companies are alive today because they managed to raise a boatload in bubble - era IPOs , their duped investors got creamed .
In the dreadful years after the bust , it was often said that companies would have to do things the old - fashioned way if they wanted to ask public investors for money again .
Judging from a raft of filings from companies hoping to go public in coming months , however , the " new " rules never went away .
Some of the IPO filings are like bad jokes being played on investors .
Vonage seems to be trying to see how much money it can lose before asking for an infusion from the public .
The company , which sells an Internet calling service , lost $ 28 million on operations in 2003 , $ 72 million in 2004 and $ 265 million last year .
It gets better .
Vonage spent $ 243 million in marketing expenses last year in order to generate $ 269 million in revenue .
That 's some business .
Oh , according to Vonage 's filing with the SEC , those marketing expenses do not " include the cost of certain customer acquisition activities , such as rebates and promotions , which are accounted for as an offset to revenues , or customer equipment subsidies , which are accounted for as direct cost of goods sold . "
Should you consider investing in the Vonage IPO , you might consider asking who is trying to play a joke on you .
Other than the company 's management , which saw fit to hire a CEO just before filing to go public , the major investors include four big private - equity and venture - capital firms : New Enterprise Associates , Meritech Capital , Bain Capital and 3i .
They 're the ones who will benefit if money - losing Vonage succeeds in selling its shares to the public .
They 've agree to hold onto their shares for six months following an IPO , a standard procedure .
The rest of the crop is n't much better .
Clearwire , a massive wireless adventure founded by industry pioneer Craig McCaw , hopes to raise $ 400 million to fund its network .
It 's a true show - me story .
Service revenue totaled $ 8 million last year .
The company spent $ 106 million on selling , general and administrative expenses , managing to rack up an operating loss of $ 127 million .
And it wants your money .
Alien Technology is an RFID company .
In its most recent fiscal year it recorded a whopping $ 13 million in product revenue .
Operating losses totaled $ 53 million , up from $ 27 million the year before .
But Alien 's ready to go public .
It hopes to snag as much as $ 138 million .
The details are similar for GoDaddy , the company that provides domain names , and Riverbed Technology , which makes equipment for something called wide - area data services .
It began shipping products two years ago .
Perhaps the best proof that Google ( Research ) is the exception to the rule that we 're stuck again in bad bubble behavior is that the only profitable company of the bunch , DivX , relies heavily on Google for its success .
DivX makes video compression - decompression software , commonly called a codec , and Google accounted for 15 % of the company 's revenues last year .
But it has other major customers .
What 's more , its revenues have been doubling yearly and DivX is profitable , making $ 3 million in operating profits last year on revenue of $ 27 million .
That 's certainly small compared to Vonage .
But which company would you rather own ?
------------------------------------------
Here come the big IPOs .
Read more .
Customers to get crack at Vonage IPO .
Click here .
Last week , Abbas Raza of 3 Quarks Daily posed a list of logic problems to the site ’s readers .
I ’d seen some of these problems before and I did n’t have the time to work through the unfamiliar ones , but my favorite was the very first question :
You are given two ropes and a lighter .
This is the only equipment you can use .
You are told that each of the two ropes has the following property : if you light one end of the rope , it will take exactly one hour to burn all the way to the other end .
But it does n’t have to burn at a uniform rate .
In other words , half the rope may burn in the first five minutes , and then the other half would take 55 minutes .
The rate at which the two ropes burn is not necessarily the same , so the second rope will also take an hour to burn from one end to the other , but may do it at some varying rate , which is not necessarily the same as the one for the first rope .
Now you are asked to measure a period of 45 minutes .
How will you do it ?
For those in the US , this is a little something to keep the conversation at the holiday dinner table interesting .
I ’ll post the answer here this weekend … good luck .
Update : Alright , here ’s the answer .
Light both ends of rope A and one end of rope B .
After 30 minutes , rope A will be completely burned up and there will be 30 minutes of rope B left .
Light the other end of rope B ; it will burn up in 15 minutes .
Total time elapsed since starting the ropes on fire : 45 minutes .
I 've been programming ( when I do program ) mainly in Perl for the last 10 years or so .
But I 've been itching to learn a new language for a while now , and the two near the top of the list are Ruby and Python .
I figure that Ruby would be easy to learn because of its similarity to Perl ( I 'm told ) .
But I also figure that Python would be easy to learn because of its simplicity .
And when it comes to webby stuff , I can use Rails with Ruby and Django with Python .
I 'm currently leaning toward Python and began doing so last week .
I started with Mark Pilgrim 's excellent Dive Into Python and made it thru the first 3 chapters pretty quickly .
So far it feels pretty good .
Before I really dive in , though , I 'm curious to hear what others think about the choice between these two languages .
( On a related note , you might also read Tim Bray 's On Ruby post , since he just started learning Ruby . )
Posted by jzawodn at July 31 , 2006 10:29 AM
Gruppendynamische Studie Zuchtmeister schlagen Schmarotzer
Niemand wird gern bestraft - und doch können wir ohne Strafe nicht sein .
Das zeigt eine psychologische Studie :
In Scharen liefen Probanden von einer straflosen Gruppe zu einer über , in der sie ihre Mitmenschen maßregeln konnten - obwohl sie das selbst etwas kostete .
EVERY
Apple product - launch is preceded by feverish speculation about what , exactly , Steve Jobs will have up his sleeve .
This week 's unveiling of a movie - download service was correctly predicted by many of the websites devoted to Apple - related trivia .
Oddly , however , the most talked - about product among Apple - watchers is one that the company has yet to admit even exists : an Apple mobile phone , or iPhone .
It is an obvious product for Apple , given the power of its brand , and the threat to the iPod posed by mobile phones with built - in music players .
So where is it ?
The problem for Apple is that mobile phones are not like iPods , but are sold in a completely different way .
People do not generally buy them in shops , but from mobile operators .
And they do not pay the full price of the handset , but get a subsidy from the operator in return for signing a service contract .
So if Apple sells iPhones as though they were iPods , they will be far more expensive than competing handsets .
The alternative is for Apple to sell iPhones through operators , as other handset - makers do .
But being reliant on operators , with their poor reputation for customer service , could damage Apple 's iconic brand .
A third option would be for Apple to deepen its partnership with Motorola , the second - largest handset - maker .
The two firms have already worked together to add Apple 's iTunes software to some of Motorola 's phones .
But it seems unlikely that Mr Jobs , a legendary perfectionist , would want to co-brand a handset with Motorola .
And any such phone would still have to be sold via operators , as Motorola 's are today .
There is another option : for Apple to set up as a mobile operator itself , by leasing network capacity from an existing operator .
This is known in the industry as a “ mobile virtual network operator ” , or MVNO .
It would give Apple complete control over sales , service , support and billing .
But it would be expensive and risky .
The MVNO launched this year by ESPN , a sports channel owned by Disney , has been a flop .
Yet perhaps Apple 's powerful brand would see it through .
For Apple 's fans , it could be a case of iPhone , therefore I am .
Oil & gas in the Caspian has a long history - indeed it is one of the earliest oil production regions in the world , with Baku a major oil center in the second half of the 19th century and beyond .
What makes the situation today interesting is the simultaneuous appearence of three things : ( i ) new reserves discovered offshore , ( ii ) the fact that , with the break up of the Soviet Union , the oil is located in ( new ) countries that are keen to have foreign investment and are now one of the few oil provinces around the world that still welcome Western oil majors , and ( iii ) these countries haveto the world markets .
" Caspian energy " actually covers 3 different things :
the oil production in the region developped under Soviet times , and connected to Russia by oil pipelines .
This concerns mostly Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , and a very small volume of production from Azerbaijan .
That oil is usually produced by the national oil company created in each of these countries to pick up the Soviet assets in the sector , and sold to ( or through ) Russia on the basis of bilateral governmental agreements .
This sector is declining and is slowly being replaced by the third one below .
Transportation issues that go with it are more and more resolved through the negotiations ongoing in the third bullet below ;
production in the region developped under Soviet times , and connected to Russia by oil pipelines .
This concerns mostly Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , and a very small volume of production from Azerbaijan .
That oil is usually produced by the national oil company created in each of these countries to pick up the Soviet assets in the sector , and sold to ( or through ) Russia on the basis of bilateral governmental agreements .
This sector is declining and is slowly being replaced by the third one below .
Transportation issues that go with it are more and more resolved through the negotiations ongoing in the third bullet below ; the gas production in the region developped under Soviet times , and also connected to Russia by ( gas ) pipelines .
This concerns mostly Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan .
That gas is almost exclusively produced by the national company , and also sold to ( or through ) Russia on the basis of bilateral governmental agreements .
In the absence of the third sector like for oil , Russia has absolute power over these countries and their gas production , because they have absolutely no other choice .
They would like to have other pipelines to export their production ( for instance going South to India or Pakistan via Afghanistan ) , and some people seem to tell them that this would be possible , but IT IS NOT .
I have written about this elsewhere , and will do so again in the comments if requested , but you need just remember one thing : the mooted pipelines through Afghanistan would be gas pipelines , not oil and they have no chance to being built for a very long time because nobody will pay for them .
production in the region developped under Soviet times , and also connected to Russia by ( gas ) pipelines .
This concerns mostly Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan .
That gas is almost exclusively produced by the national company , and also sold to ( or through ) Russia on the basis of bilateral governmental agreements .
In the absence of the third sector like for oil , Russia has absolute power over these countries and their gas production , because they have absolutely no other choice .
They would like to have other pipelines to export their production ( for instance going South to India or Pakistan via Afghanistan ) , and some people seem to tell them that this would be possible , but IT IS NOT .
I have written about this elsewhere , and will do so again in the comments if requested , but you need just remember one thing : the mooted pipelines through Afghanistan would be and they have no chance to being built for a very long time because nobody will pay for them .
the third and most interesting sector is the new investments being made by Western Oil Majors to develop recently discovered fields , mostly in the oil sector .
This is where most of our attention will focus , because that 's what most of the diplomacy of the past 15 years has been concerned about , with two main topics ( i ) how to make the investments to develop production , and ( ii ) how to get the hydrocarbons to the market once produced .
It is this new sector that has created the hype around the Caspian and its new reserves , because it is one of the few areas in the world where big fields have been discovered in recent years .
The excitement in big oil companies is real , because the province is probably the size of the North Sea AND it is accessible to them .
Being the size of the North Sea only ( say 30 billion barrels of oil ) , it will not change the oil balance of the world either - it will account at most for 3 - 5 % of world production at its peak , in 5 to 10 years .
I have some good news : Caspian oil is actually fairly simple to understand because there are only 5 hydrocarbon fields worth noting , and a couple of pipelines .
So here they are :
( picture from the US Energy Information Agency 's Caspian area brief ) ( table from EIA , same link as above )
(1) ACG ( formerly , AIOC )
That 's the big oil field just offshore of Baku in the Azerbaijan sector of the Caspian Sea .
It is currently the only field in Azerbaijan with proven oil reserves , despite massive exploration campaigns in the past 10 years .
It is currently being developed by a Western consortium led by BP ( which includes Unocal ( now Chevron ) , ExxonMobil as well as a number of other companies ) , under a contract signed in 1994 ( and which is public , you can download it here , along with a ton of other documents on the project ) .
It has an estimated 5 to 7 billion barrels of recoverable oil ( slightly less than what is hoped to be found in ANWR , to give you an idea ) .
It has been producing small volumes , about 100 to 150,000 b/d , since 1998 , which are exported by a small pipeline going to Georgia , the Baku Supsa ( the " WREP " in the map below ) .
They also have the right to use the Baku - Novorossisk pipeline going through Russia ( the " NREP " in the map below ) .
Big investments are underway to bring production to above 1,000,000 b/d in the next couple of years .
Whan I say big investment , I mean big : more than 15 billion dollars will have been spent by 2010 .
Most of that oil will use a new pipeline , the BTC ( see map above , and more detail below ) which was completed last year and has recently entered into operations .
And THAT'S IT for Azeri oil .
At least 20 PSAs were signed , each involving one or several exploration wells and all except Shah - Deniz , a gas field described below , ( ACG had been discovered a number of years earlier ) came out dry of with insignificant volumes of hydrocarbons and were abandoned .
This map , from 2003 , shows the whole sorry end to the Caspian oil boom of the 90s .
(2) Shah - Deniz
It 's a big mostly gas field offshore Azerbaijan .
Gas was not the best of news for the oil companies , as the markets are very , very far away .
The consortium is also led by BP ( with Total , Statoil of Norway , TPAO of Turkey and OIEC of Iran ) and it has managed to go ahead with the development of the project by signing a contract for the gas with Turkey ( although there are doubts about Turkey 's need for that gas ) .
BP has agreed to build a gas pipeline in parallel to the BTC oil pipeline to bring the gas to Turkey , as shown above , and they have a contract to sell that gas in Turkey ( I 'll write more about the " war to bring gas to Turkey " in another story ) .
They are now hoping to build new pipelines from Turkey to central Europe to be able to give more value to that gas .
That project is still in its early phase ( you can find more details by clicking on this link which refers to its codename : Nabucco ( pdf , 280 kb ) , which includes the map below ) but is backed by all the national governments involved and by Gaz de France , so it is likely to go ahead in the near future .
(3) Tengiz
A big onshore oil field in Kazakhstan - one of the biggest in the world , developped by a consortium led by Chevron ( and including ExxonMobil and Lukoil and ENI of Italy ) , with about 9 billion barrels of recoverable reserves ( another ANWR ) .
Although Chevron came in in 1993 , they have had a really hard time with that field , as they had no way to export the oil anywhere .
They have used amazing ingenuity to sell their oil ( including owning most of the railcars of the former Soviet Union during the 90s - about 9,000 , to sell their crude by rail , or sending barges all the way to Finland by the canals of Russia ) but this has seriously limited the production of the field .
Now that the CPC pipeline has been built ( see below ) , they are ramping up production , which is expected to reach 700,000 b/d in a few years .
It is the big field on the Eastern shore of the Caspian Sea ( inland ) on the map below , from Rigzone
(4) Kashagan
The biggest oil field to be discovered in the world in the past 30 years , it is in the North of the Caspian Sea , in the Kazakh sector ( as shown on the map above ) , and it is being developped by a consortium including all the big majors - ExxonMobil , Shell , Total , ConocoPhillips , ENI and Inpex , with ENI , the Italian group , as the operator ( Exxon did not want Shell , Shell did not want Exxon , and ENI was smarter than Total to be voted in ... ) ) .
BP and BG were initially in but sold their shares in recent years .
With 9 - 15 billion barrels of reserves ( exploration is not totally complete ) , it is yet another ANWR fully in control of BigOil , but it is very , VERY , challenging technically ( very high pressures , located in an areas which is at times seawater , ice , mud or any combination in between , and far away from any infrastructure of any kind in an area with a very tough climate ) and it will need to find export routes for its production ( a combination of CPC and BTC is likely to start with )
( See here for a larger version with full explanations
Note that BG have sold out of Kashagan and have updated the linked map since I copied it )
(5) Karachaganak
A big , mostly gas field in North Kazakhstan near the border with Russia , it is being developped by ENI , BG , Chevron and Lukoil .
As a gas field , it is heavily dependent on Russian gas monopoly Gazprom ( the gas is currently being processed at the nearby Orenburg Gazprom plant ) , but the consortium is strong enough to negotiate decent terms and to buld its own infrastructure .
As the field contains both gas and condensates ( i.e. good quality oil ) which have to be produced together , the consortium has initially focused on selling the oil on the world markets while handing over the gas at a low price to Gazprom .
The oil goes into the CPC pipeline .
They are currently building a gas processing plant in order to at least be able to produce oil without depending on Gazprom .
Pipelines
So this bring us to the pipelines .
I 'll focus here exclusively on the oil pipelines .
The gas side here requires a lot more detail and I 'll have a go in a later story .
There are a number of existing ones , most of which go through Russia and are thus considered by the oil majors - with reason - as unreliable .
They have thus made a lot of efforts to find new routes .
A simple solution would have been to ship oil to Northern Iran ( where Iran 's refineries are ) and swap it for Iranian oil produced in the south of the country .
This made good sense for Iran , which would not have needed to ship its own oil for the production in the South to its refineries in the North , but it is not possible under the current US sanctions regime ( ILSA ) .
This solution would be partial anyway as the capacity of the Iranian refineries is no more than 800,000 b/d and they would have needed significant investment to be able to use the Caspian crude qualities .
So with Russia and Iran out , this left only the Western ( and at a later point Eastern to China ) routes .
An additional problem is that of the Bosphorus , which already sees a significant volume of oil tanker traffic , which the Turkish authorities were keen to not see increase .
Bringing in an additional million barrel per day or two into the Black Sea ( on the coast of Georgia for instance ) would have created a real danger for Istanbul and this was thus strongly opposed .
Thus came to birth the BTC , which goes West from Azerbaijan , through Georgia , and then South through Turkey to the Mediterranean .
It was built by a consortium led , again , by BP ( which , interestingly , is different from either the ACG consortium and the Shah - Deniz consortium , something which had sometimes unexpected consequences - another story in waiting again ) .
You can find a massive quantity of information on the project starting from here , but the main thing to know is that it has a maximum capacity of 1,000,000 b/d , a good chunk of which will be filled by ACG oil to start with , and by all the liquids Shah - Deniz can produce .
It has cost close to 4 billion dollars to build , half of which was financed by international banks with the participation of the World Bank and the EBRD .
You 've probably heard nasty things about the project because it has been used as a target by a number of NGOs that absolutely want the World Bank to stop financing the energy sector , and they tried to show that such projects were tremendously damaging to the environment and to the local populations .
They 've put pressure on the World Bank , on the commercial banks and on the oil companies , thankfully to no avail ( this is not the topic here , but I do intend to write more about this and explain that " thankfully " .
In the meantime , you can go see the envirionmental reports on the BTC site linked to above , and otherwise google " Extractive Industries Review " or " Equator Principles " ) .
The other big pipeline in the region is the CPC ( Caspian Pipeline Consortium ) which , as you can see on the maps above , does go through Russia and does bring oil into the Black Sea .
It nevertheless has the particularity of being the only privately owned pipeline on the territory of Russia ( something that they really do n't like and are trying to undermine at every turn , especially these days as an extension is being discussed ) .
It was built ( and paid for ) by a consortium led by ChevronTexaco , and currently has a capacity of 450,000 b/d , due to be increased to 1,300,000 b/d .
It is used for oil from Tengiz and from Karachaganak .
So , what can be learnt from that ?
Western Oil Majors fully control the operations of the 5 major oil fields , so the region clearly falls in the sphere of influence of the " West " .
Chinese companies that tried to buy their way into Kashagan in 2005 were vetoed out by the other shareholders , despite massive - and very public - pressure from the Chinese government on Shell and others not to exercise their preemption rights .
Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan have made an explicit decision to welcome foreign investment and will be richly rewarded for it .
( Whether that money is wisely used is another issue , of course ) .
The revenues are split using a standard instrument , the PSA ( production sharing agreement ) , which allocates the oil produced first to repay the initial investments ( " cost oil " ) and then as profit ( " profit oil " ) .
Host countries get a growing share of the oil as the fields produce and as prices go up .
The marginal split usually gives more than 90 % to the host country .
Oil transit is also pretty much solved , with the CPC and now the BTC both in service .
These two pipelines bring significant new volumes of ( light , good quality ) oil into the Mediterranean oil markets and are enough to transport the expected oil volumes from the existing fields .
Oil majors have been smart enough to lead in parallel the investments in the upstream ( production ) and midstream ( transport ) and have thus been able to ramp up the production of their fields as fast as was possible under the circumstances ( it still took time - more than 10 years for both ACG and Tengiz , with the same expected for Kashagan ) .
Graph by JaP. " kb / j " = thousand barrels per day .
" Autres " = other
Gas is still an almost completely blank field for the Western oil majors .
They have not been really happy to find gas when they did , as it is a lot harder to manage ( infrastructure is a lot more important and more expensive ) and they have to face a much stronger adversary in Gazprom , the Russian monopoly , which controls both the existing infrastructure and the downstream markets in Europe .
( The outcome of the Nabucco project will be interesting thing to see , as it would create a new ( smallish ) competitor for Russian gas in Europe ) .
the Caspian oil will go entirely West for the next 10 years , but it is likely that the next route will go East to China .
China is making a lot of efforts , especially in Kazakhstan , to procure some oil , but with uneven results .
They have tried to buy out BG 's stake in Kashagan , but the other shareholders exercised their preemption rights despite strong Chinese pressure ( they threatened to kick Shell out of the Chinese refining business ) .
Nevertheless , there is a strong strategic rationale for it to happen eventually .
Again :
do n't be impressed by big numbers .
We 're talking close to 50 billion dollars of investments underway .
Which needed to be paid upfront before any significant volumes could be sold .
please , please be wary of what you read on this topic .
Too many people have other interests that you may not be familiar with and their public announcements should be taken with a grain of salt ; do n't believe that everything which is announced will happen ; do n't even believe that everything signed will happen .
It 's not because Halliburton is involved that it is necessarily a big plan to scam us off ( KBR , the Halliburton subsidiary , is one of the biggest contractors for big oil projects , and one of a few to be in the competition .
Please remember that they are paid by Exxon or ChevronTexaco and thus will not scam them like they seem to be able to do with the US government )
will happen .
It 's not because Halliburton is involved that it is necessarily a big plan to scam us off ( KBR , the Halliburton subsidiary , is one of the biggest contractors for big oil projects , and one of a few to be in the competition .
Please remember that they are paid by Exxon or ChevronTexaco and thus will not scam them like they seem to be able to do with the US government ) finally : do n't forget that people are going to these God-forsaken places to get the oil that YOU will be burning today , tomorrow and again .
Before blaming them for providing a valuable service , remember that they are providing that service ultimately to YOU .
There is a lot more to write on the topic ; I will write more in the future and would be pleased to provide more info in the comments at your request .
スパイスハム製 品 「 Spam」の商標権を保有す るHormel Foodsは、迷惑メールを指す言葉として使用される場合の「spam」について、欧州連合全体で通用する商標として登録しようとしたが、この試みは失敗に終わった。
Hormelは 、 「 迷惑メールの回避、差し止めサービス」および「コンピュータソフトウェアの作成および保守、特にネットワークサービスを組み合わせた技術コンサルタント、（ジャンクメールに関する）専門知識や技術サービスおよび技術コンサルティングサービスの提供」に言及する際に使用される商標として「spam」を登録しようとした。
Hormelは、欧州連合の下部組織である欧州共同体商標意匠庁（OHIM）に対する訴えのなかで、一般には「spam」という言葉が連想させるのは、ジャンクメールに関してではなく、「スパイシーハムの一種」である食品だ、と述べている。
しかし、OHIMはHormelの主張に同意せず、訴えを退けた。その根拠としてOHIMは、スパム問題への対処を目的とした製品がIT専門家を対象にしており、彼らがジャンクメールと肉製品を混同するとは思えない点を挙げている。また、Googleで「spam」という言葉を検索した場合、ヒット数はHormelの缶詰肉に比べてジャンクメールのスパムの方が多いことから、「spam」が迷惑メールを指す言葉としても一般的に認知されているとOHIMは認識した。
「問題となっているサービスの利用者にとって、『spam』という言葉の最も明白な意味は、缶詰スパイシーハムの商品名ではなく、『膨大な数のアドレス宛てに承諾なしに送られる、通常は商用目的の迷惑メール』であることは間違いない」とOHIMは裁定で述べている。
Hormelは、これまでも何度か、同社の製品名である「Spam」という言葉が一般に使用されるのを阻止しようと試みてきた。2004年には広告キャンペーンを実施し、2005年には英国高裁で「Spambuster」という名称を無効にしようとしたが、その時も失敗に終わった。
Flirting Tips for Women :
Make the first move !
95 % of men say they would love to be approached by a woman .
Unless she 's a fat chick .
Then it 's just awkward .
If you are not interested , be polite when rejecting a man !
" Get lost nerd ! " is not the way to say no .
Just like people , nerds have feelings too .
If you are not interested , make it clear and be polite .
If this person is not for you , they may have friend potential and who knows the benefits that can bring !
Most men are so thrilled at the prospect of " friend potential " that they 'll high - five their buds right there in the bar and do a celebratory dance called the " Friend Zone Shuffle " !
Separate Yourself from Your Friends !
Better yet , do n't have any friends to begin with !
But if you must , separate from them so that you are less intimidating .
No man wants approach you when you are " protected " by a herd of other women .
Especially if your friends are large , cud-chewing and work at the rodeo .
A Great Attitude is Contagious !
Just like that cold sore on your lip !
Act like you are happy and cheerful !
If you have to ... fake it !
( This is a skill that will serve you well in other areas of the relationship , too ! )
Do n't let him know you are really a pessimistic grouch who constantly complains about everything .
He 'll find that out soon enough !
You can reveal that once you have him addicted to having sex regularly .
Then you can put an end to that charade , too !
Carry Something to Get You Noticed !
If you want a man to approach you , be sure to wear or carry something that is eye - catching and noticeable to you ... a flirting prop .
A good book , funky earrings or an unusual hat are good flirting props .
A severed finger is n't ... unless the male attention you 're looking for is police questioning .
Give Clear Signals !
Men are notoriously bad at interpreting signals from women .
You may think that doing subtle things like playing with your hair or lightly touching his arm would give him the hint .
But men are not subtle creatures .
So be direct : Look him in the eye , smile , and squeeze your boobs while mouthing " I want you . "
If that does n't work , ask for his phone number .
Then get together with your girlfriends and call him , giggle , then quickly hang - up .
Do this about 14 times .
Check Your Voice !
Men prefer a soft soothing voice to a high - pitched squeal .
But more importantly , are you using your voice to complain about your co-workers or to tell him how much you admire the large size of his genitals ?
NOTE : Your voice can sound about as pleasant as fingernails on a chalkboard if you compliment his cockershnockel .
Ask him what he enjoys doing !
Men are much more activity - orientated whereas women like to talk about emotions .
You may enjoy connecting with friends , while he may enjoy doing your friends .
Be Interesting by being Interested
Cut down the talk about yourself .
For example , you may tell him your name .
Men can't stand this kind of incessant personal chatter .
If you must communicate a concept , take a cue from the deaf community : grunt and gesture at your vagina .
NOTE TO DEAF CHICKS : Just kidding !
NOTE TO HOT DEAF CHICKS : I would n't mind if you grunted at me , baby !
NOTE TO ANGRY HOT DEAF CHICKS : Hey !
That finger is NOT officially recognized as American Sign Language !
If you give out your number , give the genuine one !
Imagine what it must feel like plucking up the courage to dial a woman 's number only to find it is the local Chinese Carryout .
Unless you work in a Chinese Carryout .
In that case give him the number of another Chinese Carryout .
Be yourself !
Only better looking and less needy .
Actually , be more like your one hot friend .
Flirting Tips for Men :
Know what you want and what is reasonable to expect !
Some men flirt with women primarily to get sex .
You want to learn from these men .
Because it looks like you flirt primarily to go home alone and play computer games .
Make sure you 're clean !
It is a scientific fact that a woman 's sense of smell is much stronger than a man's .
For this reason it is vital that your wash yourself thoroughly and clench your butt cheeks together while in the 69 position .
Quick smell check :
Before leaving for your date , get naked and spread your legs in front of a fan .
If you are knocked out by the stink of your balls , it is best to shower upon regaining consciousness .
When you buy a woman a drink , that is all you are buying !
Do n't expect her to fall at your feet .
Unless you plan ahead !
Ask your doctor if Rohypnol is right for you !
Concentrate on the Conversation !
Most women want to know what kind of person they are going out with .
Please note that conversation does not typically emit from cleavage .
Give Genuine Compliments !
There 's nothing worse than someone giving out a load of B.S. lines , try something honest :
" You are in great shape !
It 's almost distracting me from that cratered round moon you call a face . "
" I bet you 're the friend with the personality , am I right ? "
" I am very attracted to your low self - esteem because I will totally be able to get away with treating you like crap . "
" Your outfit looks great !
I had no idea they made such nice clothes in plus sizes ! "
Keep your hands to yourself !
Be patient , Mr. Touchy .
You 've gone THIS long without touching a woman , what 's a few more days ?
If you ask for a phone number , be sure you want to use it !
If you do n't call the woman , at least have the common decency to graffiti her number in the men's room stall .
Keep Your Self - respect !
There 's only 1 thing on a woman 's mind ... cuddling .
Do n't cheapen yourself by providing this emotional and sort - of physical bond before you are ready .
Make her work for it and she will respect you .
Cuddle on the 1st date and you can assure yourself that she will treat you like a cuddle - buddy .
YOU may want something more , but she will only phone you when she wants a late - night cuddle - call .
Trust Your Instincts !
Remember that scene in Star Wars where Luke Skywalker is flying down the exhaust port of the Deathstar trying to blow it up with his Proton Torpedoes , when he hears Obi-Wan 's voice telling to use the Force and trust his instincts ?
Then he turns off his targeting computer and scores a direct hit !!
You do remember that ?
Because that perfectly illustrates why you can't get a date !
Now remember that girl who said " Get Lost Nerd ! " in the Flirting Tips for Women ?
Well , she still wants you to get lost .
Get Involved !
You 'll see lots of flyers at the gym for running groups , paint - ball weekends and white - water rafting .
Give them a try !
Most of the people participating in these activities are just like you – lonely , lonely dudes .
Be yourself !
GLOCOMセミナー 「 『仮想経済』の世界:仮想と現実の出会い 」に行ってきた。
会場は六本木ヒルズのふもとのGLOCOM研究所。最近六本木によく縁があるな。
山 口先生の講 演
まずは、駒澤大学グローバル・メディア・スタディーズ学部助教授の山口浩先生による講演「ゲーム内経済学 : 仮想と現実の出会う場所 」。
ゲーム内経済学というのはそのまま、ゲーム内の仮想世界で起きている経済現象に対する経済学的アプローチ。対象としてはMMORPGが典型的。アメリカでは" In - game Economics " という言葉がそこそこ出てきているけれども、日本では"
ゲーム内経済学"という言葉はまだほとんど使われていないとのこと。けれども、
やりとりをし、活動する一定のグループ
希少性のある資源の分配をめぐる人間の行動
という対象があるとき、そこで起きている現象を捉え、分析しようとする行為は確かに経済学と呼べるものである、と経済学の教科書的定義を引いて述べていた。
行為者たる " ヒ ト "
分配対象となる " モ ノ "
価値の基準、媒介、保存をする " カ ネ "
取引の成立する領域た る " バシ ョ "
満足の基 準(効用 )
交換の仕組み(市場 )
これらをそろえてい るMMORPGのようなゲーム内世界では、経済圏と呼べるものが成立するという。また、MMORPGが空間、人間関係、自己像(キャラクター、アバター)、商取引を有すること、一定の没入感をもたらしそれが世界であると認識されるモノであるとも指摘する。ゲームは「仮想世界」なのである。 特に 、Second Lifeなどでは運営サイドもこれを強調する。
MMORPG経済とは
ゲーム内の経済 はMMORPGにおいてこそ顕著である。多くのMMOPRGが商取引機能をゲームの重要な機能としてサポートしている。また、(GMによる)官制の市場ではなく、自然発生的に取引が行われる市場が存在している。モンスターのよく現れる場所に必要なアイテムを売りに来る商人が発生するなどもある。価格は需給に応じて決まる。MMORPGにおいては、その世界の現実とは異なる特徴から、その中の経済に関しても独特の性質が発生する。
MMORPGの経済にはいくつか、現在の現実の経済とは異なる特徴がある。(多くのゲームでは、)
狩猟採集による生産 土地所有がない 農耕はない モンスターを狩ることが富の源 それを加工する工業、取引する商業が存在する( NPCもしくはPC )
発達した通貨システム 基本的に通貨の偽造はなく、中世的世界観であっても極めて通貨の信頼性が高い
産業構造は前近代的 家内制手工 業
システムによる恣意的な部分を有する その内部で取引が閉じている 固定価格のアイテムがある
これらの結果として生じるのがMUDflationである。これは基本的にはinflationである。プレイヤーが限りなくプレイを続け、キャラクターが限りなくモンスターを倒し続けることにより経済圏内にリュ通する通貨は増え続ける。これによりインフレーションが発生する。
ただし、異なるのはアイテムの流通量も、特に入手の容易なアイテムほど増え続ける。これにより低レベルのアイテムは実質価格が下落する。また、一部のアイテムはNPCにより固定価格で販売されるため、インフレーションに伴い著しく実質価格が下落する。
このような状況をもたらすのは、MMORPGのルール上の問題による。
レベルアップにより急速に所得が増加する
遊んでいてレベルを上げる過程でどうしてもアイテムを取得してしまう。構造的に過剰生産である。
レベルや所得がモンスターを倒すというプレイ行為に伴ってしまう。
アイテムは基本的には壊れないので過少消費である
生活必需品の消費も必要ない ( 最近は壊れるルールもあるけれども )
通貨が運搬に便利なので過剰貯蓄になる マネーサプライを制御する方法もない
人々の能力が現実よりも急速に向上する(ドラゴンポール経済と呼んでいた)
能力差はプレイ時間に強く依存する。 知恵や技術による挽回や抑制が掛からないので、プレイ時間に応じて人々の能力がどうしても向上してしまう。
誰でも品質の心配なく生産活動に従事できる。過剰生産となる。
必ず換金できる。過剰生産となる。 拾ったリンゴでも売れる
最近では運営会社はこうした欠点をカバーするためにアイテム課金のような制度を取り入れ始めている。
また、ゲーム通貨と地域通貨の類似点も指摘された。
発行量を決めるのはプレイヤー 労働が通貨の発行をもたらす( アイテム取得 )
利子が存在しな い
合意したコミュニティのみで通用する
この結果として通貨は発行され続ける。一方、利子も融資もないのでマネーサプライの制御は不能。
これらの問題点はすべてゲームデザインからの要請である。
誰でも楽しめ る
飽きさせな い
システム上の負荷を小さくする
こうした目的から設定されているものであるが、それがゲーム内経済の混乱をもたらしている。
これを解消する方策として山口先生は次を挙げた。
農業政策 : モンスター出現率を下げたり、強さを引き上げたりすることで生産を減らす
公共事業 : NPC サービスの料金を引き上げる
労働政策 : レベル上げとアイテム獲得を分離する。職業選択の自由。固定給制、労働時間の制限
経済政策 : 生活必需品を導入する。アイテムの耐用年数や賞味期限を設定する。流行を発生させ、モデルチェンジ、古いアイテムの陳腐化を起こす。
移民政策 : 新しいユーザーを増やして一人あたりの量を薄める。古参ユーザーを新サーバーに誘導して経済の若返りを図る。
ガンホーにおける2006年の元社員によるゲーム内通貨「ゼニー」不正作成/転売事件においては、ゲーム内通貨が急増することでインフレが加速したが、次の対処によって収束が見られた。
不正流通ゼニーを回収することで全体量を減らす
消費型/期間限定型のアイテムを販売することでゼニーの消費を促進
アイテム流通量を増やして相対的に価値を下げ、アイテムの高値感をおさえる
リアルマネートレー ド( RMT ) とは現実の通貨によるアイテムやゲーム内通貨の取引。ほとんどのゲームではこれは禁止行為であるが絶えることはない。これを通じて現実の経済にゲーム内経済が相互作用する。
日本の市場規模は150億円前後、米国・韓国では1000億円以上。中国では50万人以上がRMTのためにゲーム内で労働している。
RMTは一種の貿易である。現実世界で高い収入を得られる人が、仮想世界で高い収入を得られる人からゲーム内の財産を買っている。これは比較優位に基づく貿易である。ただし、禁止行為であるためにもっぱら密貿易として行われている。
RMTの存在は現実通貨を使ってでもアイテムを手に入れたいほどゲーム内の財産が魅力的であることを意味する。
RMTを原動力として次のような現象が発生している
企業の発生。アメリカなどでは人を雇ってゲーム内で労働させる事例がある。
国外の労働者を使ったアウトソーシング、BOTを使った生産の自動化などが発生
貨幣流通量の増大 MUDflaton 現実-仮想の為替相場が下落
RMT は、必然であるという。
ゲーム内に経済が存在すること
キャラクター、生産活動、アイテム、通貨の設計
本人確認、セキュリティの仕組
現実通貨を使ってても欲しいほどゲームがおもしろいこと
これらの要因から必然的に発生するものであり、善し悪しは別として、禁止すればなくなるものではない。そこで、もし、RMTと共存するとしたらどうするか。
経済政策 : 需給バランスを動かす : 新アイテムの導入、NPC買い取り価格の弾力化 地下経済を地上化させる : 公営の市場を設ける。ソニーなどが行なっている
労働政策 : 能力アップに技や知恵、知的な対話を必要とする仕組みを導入。時間を掛ければ自動的にレベルが上がる仕組みを弾力化する 商人を免許制とする。
移民政策 : ここはよくわからなかった。
為替政策 : どうして も" Real Money " との取引が嫌だというなら、他のゲーム内通貨との間に外国為替を導入。仮想世界観で流通させる。
仮想経済と経済モデ ル
MMORPGのほか、ポイントプログラムにおけるポイントの経済、予測市場(ニュースの予測に対する先物市場)における仮想通貨など、様々な仮想経済がある。
これまでは労働時間はすべて現実世界に充てるほかなかったので、経済における予算制約は問題となっても時間制約は問題とならなかった。
仮想世界の台頭により、人々はどの世界にどれだけ時間を割り当てるのかという戦略判断を迫られている
何が労働であるかは世界により異なる MMORPGにおいてはモンスターを倒すことが労働である。
ネットオークションにおいては買い物をすることポイント取得というである。
買い物というより、その過程やポイントを得ることを楽しんでいるユーザーの存在
仮想世界は独自の法則があるので、現実世界の仕組みが最善とは限らない。
賃金の仕組み、通貨の特徴
仮想世界が社会活動の場となれば資源配分のルールを変更できる可能性がある NEETは現実世界では労働者でないが、仮想世界では生産に従事できることもある。
労働を楽しみめる時代 ?
オンラインゲームと社会システムの実験と実行
続いて、GLOCOM 主任研究員 鈴木健さんによる 「 オンラインゲームと社会システムの実験と実行」。
現実とゲームがリンクすることにより、ゲームが社会実験として機能する。いや、社会そのものを駆動するかもしれない。
現状把握
リアルとネットはしばしば対立的に描かれ、ネットは現実と異なるというイメージがある。しかし、世界は現実しかない。起きているのは新しいテクノロジーにより現実が変容する現象である。ネットワークがユビキタス化すると、ネット社会は意識する必要がないはずだ。自動車により変容した自動車世界こそが現実であり、今更自動車社会という言葉を意識しないように、いずれはネット社会という言葉も意識されなくなる。
ゲームというよりは仮想空間提供サービス。現実とのリンケージが高い。User数100万人を突破。年間100億円の売買が動く。3D仮想空間でオブジェクトをモデリング、プログラム可能な自由度がある。
すで にSecond Life内のビジネスに対するコンサルタントも出現している。また、世界で100人ほどがSecond Life上で生計を立てている。
Mozaic , Mozillaのころに似た熱狂がある。これから、3Dに対するブラウザのデファクトが出現するのではないか。
DELL , IBM がSecond Lifeで製品発表。ロイターが支局をおいてニュース配信
Secod Life API で仮想世界のイベントと現実世界のイベントを同期できる。仮想世界で人が訪ねてくると携帯が鳴ったり。
Amazon mechanical turks と連動させるなどの案。人間が得意な処理を市場に流して自動取引し、処理させる。GEETが出現する可能性。
認識の変 容
ネットオークションだってゲームとしての楽しみがあるけれども、3D空間のリアリティは大きい。物理空間との間に対応があるというのでは意味がない。そのものではなくてはならない。3Dの没入感。あとはヒューマンインターフェースの問題である。
Web 2.0は技術の変化ではなくユーザーの感覚の変化である。技術としては10年前にあったが、
一定のプライベートを晒すのが一般的な行為になった
ハンドルを付けて活動するのがそれほどオタッキーな行為ではなくなった
というところか らWeb 2.0が出現した
3Dは認知性における変化。
仮想世界経済の5つの段階
3d 仮想世界経済はリアルな経済とは関係ないお遊び
3d 仮想世界経済はリアルな経済に従属する ← いまこ こ
3d 仮想世界経済はリアルな経済と同じことが起こる。
3d 仮想世界経済は、仮想世界の法則を制御できるから、リアルの経済とは異なることが起こる。
3d 仮想世界経済は、仮想世界の法則を制御できるので、リアルの経済全体を変えてしまう。
これから、3D空間で実験をして、現実世界に連動・応用する例が出てくる。仮想世界は金融工学やオベレーションズリサーチの実験場へ。
投票システム : PageRank
市場システム : 予測市場
統治システ ム
貨幣システム : PICSY
鈴木さんによる実験。通常の決済貨幣( SECSY ) に対して伝播投資貨幣(
PICSY ) という。
PICSY においては
販売相手がより高い付加価値を生めば、その価値が販売元に還元される。
貢献度に応じて購買力を与える。
販売とは投資である。投資した相手が高い価値を生めば自分の購買力が増す
医者の例 。従来の経済では、病状を長引かせた方が儲かる。PICSY においては、医師の得る対価は病気の回復による患者の価値生産増大に比例する。早くなおした医師が儲かる。
実装上は、貢献度をフローと見なして、グラフの隣接行列固有ベクトルを求めれば良い。PageRankと同じである。
素朴なやり方ではP2Pな取引となって、グラフの組み合わせ数が爆発する。そこでカンパニーをつくる。組織は内部に富を更に分配。対組織の取引と見なせば爆発を抑えられる。
組織を仮想化。組織に入ってきたフローが蓄積されることなく、個人に分配される。究極の個人主義。
また、従来は自分の給与を上げれるには、会社という部分を最適化するしかなかった。社会に害をもたらしてでも会社の利益を上げた方が給与が上がりやすかったが、PICSYなら、社会の全体最適化をしたほうが儲かりやすい。
コミュニケーション力学を変える。
従来はお客様は神様だった。 → 売り手は商品/サービスを投資する
実際の買い手の効用はどうでもよかった。錯覚でも。 → 効用があった気分にさせてもだめ。効用をもたらさないと売り手の持っている通貨の価値が増えない。
まずはゲーム通貨として導入。
社内人事評価システムとして導入。評価の高い人からの評価は高くする。株式会社はてなでボーナスの査定に利用したが、あまりに酷であるという意見も。
community のpeer reviewに利 用
いずれは貨幣システムとして導入したい。300年後くらい掛かるか?
ゲーム内通貨として のPICSY
インフレの抑制 : マネーサプライの総計は人口に比例。
ゲームを続行させるインセンティブ : 初心者を狩るよりはサポートした方が自分に価値が伝播して自分が儲かる。初心者にゲームを継続するサポートに。
対談
質疑応答
説における労働、活動、仕事の定義は?
どこが新しい ? 選択肢が増えただけでは?
( 山口)伝統的経済学においては労働は楽しみではない。経済の目的を楽しみにおいた経済学はなかった。経済学の性格を変えるものになりうる?
( 鈴木 ) 認知上の問題は意外に重要。色一つで人の行動が変わる。ゲームという感覚を持ち込むことで変わる。
意図的か意図的でないか。働いているという感覚はないが結果的にお金が入ってくる場合。
ポイントは、普通はディスカウントととらえるはず。囲い込みの目的だったはず。じゃあ、共通化する動機は?
どこかで企業は気がつくのか? 流れができてしまって、降りられなくなるのか。そこにネットが関わるとどうなるか
( 山口 ) point 間 でaggregation が 始まると、ディスカウントとしては解釈できなくなる
( 鈴木 ) 他の業種に広げるのは囲い込みになる でも、同業種は囲い込みになる。認知的なものも含めて微妙な変換コストでカバーするだろう。
経済学におけるrational choiceはどうなってるの ?
認知的とか言っても、それは予測不可能では?
( 山口 ) 経済がrationalだけで動いていないのはみんな知っていたが、経済学者は見ないふりをしていた。いま、最後の砦が崩れようとしている。もはやirrationalを考えないといけない。
ゲーム内インフレはなぜまずい ?
山口 : ただのインフレなら問題ない( ハイパーインフレは別だが ) でも、一部の商品は固定価格だから、バランスが崩れる。
所有しているお金の価値が減るのでインセンティブが減る。ユーザーの不満要因にならないなら無問題だが、実際にはしばしば不満となっている。
楽しめる労働と言っても制度化されると、楽しみから離れていくのでは?
今は、新しく発見された労働だから、楽しめる層と均衡しているだけでは?
( 山口 ) 「 楽しい仕事は給料やすくても良いじゃないか」現状はむしろ逆。楽しくて、やすくても人が集まる職に高給を払うのは果たして合理的か?
ネットとリアルの決定的な違いは自動化の可能性。RMTとの共存は可能だけれども、BOTとの共存は可能か?
( 山口 )共存するとすれば、お助けBOTはあってもい。
人間的知性作業こそをゲームの中心にする?
感想
経済は素人なので質疑応答のやりとりは理解できない部分もあったけれども、講演は平易に話してくださったのでお二方ともわかりやすかった。
山 口先生に 「 はてなの換金停止は 円本位制の脱却と見ている のだが、今後そういうことは起きるか」と訊いたところ、「ポイントは潜在的には負債でもあるのであれはリスクを下げるという面もある。金本位制を廃したように、仮想経済が現実の経済から分離する現象もこれからも起きうる」という。
Meet Joe .
He ’s an amateur web developer who ’s just starting to receive a good feedback , a steady stream of traffic , and maybe even some revenue from his website .
So Joe decides to kick it up a notch and add a forum .
After all , everyone else is doing it — how hard can it be ?
So Joe downloads some bulletin board software and fancy skins to make his forums sexy , creates 20 topical sub - forums , and starts posting .
All he needs to do now is sit back and watch the membership grow .
Article Continues Below
Unfortunately , the members Joe expects never arrive .
He talks a few friends into signing up and posting here and there , but his friends do n’t share his enthusiasm for the website , so they do n’t stick around .
Joe ’s prepared for a party … and nobody showed up .
What happened ?
Are you really ready to start a new community ?
# section2
Before you create a forum , you should ask yourself a series of questions :
Why would people join your community ?
Does your existing site attract a decent amount of traffic ?
Do other established forums exist that aim to attract your target user base ?
Do you have a niche audience in mind , or is your planned forum subject too broad to compete against other communities ?
How will a forum add to your current website ?
You may find that you have more homework to do — or that there ’s probably not enough interest to make a new forum worth your while .
If you decide that you are ready to get started , keep in mind that online communities are quite a bit like college parties — you ’re inviting a bunch of people you do n’t know into your house , and that poses a series of challenges .
If you do n’t get the word out , you may be the only one there .
If you ’re not properly organized , your guests will leave before they ’ve even introduced themselves .
If you do n’t keep on top of the party , inebriated strangers may bully your invited guests or trash your living room .
Laying groundwork #section3
Most popular , active forums are associated with great websites — websites that include a great deal of unique content and are updated on a regular basis .
Link lists or news feeds from other sites wo n’t cut it , so if you do n’t already have a thriving website with compelling , original content , you ’ll need spend the time required to create one .
To get back to our party metaphor , think of this part as the foundation of your healthy social life : becoming an interesting person and making some friends .
Now that I ’ve scared off all the folks who want a “ website in a box , ” we can get started building a forum .
Get ready and send invitations #section4
If you want to throw a great party , you probably want to get your house ready and then let everyone know about it .
So to begin with , make your forum look decent .
You do n’t need to make it spotless , but you should match the style sheets with those on your static pages so that the look and feel is consistent with the rest of your website .
Then you need to invite your guests .
Obviously you ’ll want to link to your forum from your website , but you can also include your URL in your signature on other forums , register with search engines , advertise on other websites geared toward your niche , and work with fellow webmasters on link swaps .
As long as you ’re not employing sneaky or spammy tactics to lure visitors , you should be in good shape .
Last but not least , do n’t make it difficult for your guests to join — or just peek in at — the forums .
When you ’re getting your party started , you ca n’t really be choosy .
Waive the cover charge ( intensive registration ) , and let everyone in .
You can always be a little more selective once your site is established .
Make sure potential guests can look in through the windows and see enough lively discussion to inspire them to sign up .
So now it ’s a few minutes before the big event , and now you ’re just hoping your publicity has worked , and that people will come .
All you can do now is wait , right ?
Actually , no .
The most important part is just about to begin .
It ’s party time #section5
Start small and nurture your early conversations .
This means creating one forum and calling it something like “ Joe ’s General Discussion . ”
Start a few threads pertaining to your website ’s niche , and then recruit a few friends to help you get started .
Be a good host .
Make everyone feel welcome , introduce people , and make sure that current conversations do n’t go stagnant and that new conversations are started to keep things fresh .
The first 50 or so members will set the tone for your whole forum , so make sure it ’s headed in the right direction .
For example , if you want your site to be family - friendly , now is the time to gently remind folks what ’s okay and what is n’t .
Speaking of which , it ’s a good idea to write clear , simple ground rules for community participation and post them where everyone can see them .
You probably do n’t need dozens of rules , but a few basics will help maintain order later on .
If nothing happens right away , remember that forums take time .
It may take months , even years , before you start noticing real growth .
Do n’t give up if you ’re not seeing immediate responses .
The hardest members to get are the first ones — after all , they ’re investing in an unproven commodity .
You might even entice your initial users in to joining by offering incentives like free products or discounts .
Keep those precious initial users interested by responding to their comments and threads .
Make them feel like they are royalty .
If your promotional tactics have paid off , next thing you know , your initial user base of friends will expand to include people you do n’t know .
Your new members will begin start their own topics or adding to discussions .
Do n’t expand your forum too rapidly or scare off your new guests .
Add politely to conversations , but do n’t be so overbearing that you look desperate .
When the time is right , split the forum into two sections — but do n’t split it until you ’re certain both forums will continue to thrive .
The worst thing you can do to a promising new forum is go off and create 20 different sub - forums , only to watch them all die .
If you have enough posts to support a total of a dozen topics , it looks far healthier if they are all on one forum , rather than distributed one each across twelve sub-forums .
People do n’t want to come to a dead forum .
They want to join a party !
Be ready to improvise #section6
After your basic forum has started to grow , you may notice some trends in new topics .
Perhaps you own a gaming forum and see that many discussions are veering toward role - playing games .
Even if you did n’t anticipate this trend , create a sub - forum for this niche .
If you notice quite a few folks starting threads on Playstation 3 , create a sub - forum for this as well .
Follow all the threads on the forum and continue this process as needed — but only when you know the split will not kill both .
As long as both potential new topics have enough posts in them to look intriguing to new guests , it ’s generally safe to split a topic .
Keep your partygoers from leaving #section7
If you want your forum to thrive , you ’ll want to retain your existing members and keep them active .
After all , a large membership base is useless if they never really post .
Keep your community thriving by adding .
Constantly monitor your competition and provide incentives for users to stick around .
This often means adding more content on your static site , but is n’t limited to this .
Your members can start to help you out in this department .
Once you have a solid user base , you may ask some of your most active members to contribute an article for the main section of your site .
If you ’re lucky , your website can continue to grow without much more than simple maintenance .
Do n’t let things get out of hand #section8
With growth comes problems .
Hackers , spammers , and other troublemakers can make a party a little less fun to attend .
If you do n’t control them , your guests may longer feel welcome .
As your forum grows , recruit a few co-moderators , review your ground rules , and make sure everyone — including your moderators — complies with your guidelines .
Not sure where to get moderators ?
Watch your forum closely as it grows past the first 20 – 30 members , and you ’ll notice some posters are more mature ( and active ) than others .
Bring those users on board by giving them moderation privileges .
In addition to help you with moderation , these members are likely to post even more , because they feel a sense of ownership .
If your community continues to grow , you might consider peer moderation systems ( karma points and their ilk ) to keep the signal to noise ratio high .
Dealing with party crashers #section9
It ’s only a matter of time before someone starts making a fool of themselves on your forum .
which can make you look like a bad host if you are n’t ready .
Do n’t be afraid to make an example out of some of the folks who test your limits ; if you do n’t , your members will start to push the envelope over what is and is not allowed .
Do n’t forget to keep up with the times : download the latest bulletin - board software patches regularly so no troublemakers sneak in through a back door .
Enjoy your own party # section10
A vibrant online community can engage your members and pull them into a deeper relationship with your site by giving them a place to vent , share information , and get to know one another .
With good planning and some help from your friends , you ’ll be able to create a thriving online community that comes back regularly — and people will thank you for throwing such a great party .
Wikipedians are a varied group , and while they may not know one another except online , most share two things : comfort with computers and the online world , and delight with the idea of contributing to a free encyclopedia for the entire world .
Here are some faces and voices of Boston - area Wikipedians .
( Full article : 960 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
