Speculative Micro - DeLong & Froomkin
Speculative Microeconomics for Tomorrow's Economy
J. Bradford DeLong
University of California at Berkeley ; National Bureau of Economic Research
delong@econ.berkeley.edu
http://econ161.berkeley.edu/
A. Michael Froomkin
University of Miami School of Law
froomkin@law.miami.edu
http://www.law.tm/
DRAFT November 22 , 1999 ( 1 )
Copyright ( c ) 1997 , 1999 J. Bradford DeLong , A. Michael Froomkin
All rights reserved .
Permission granted to make one copy for noncommercial use .
The Utility of the Market
" every individual . . . endeavours as much as he can . . . to direct . . . industry so that its produce may be of the greatest value . . . neither intend[ing ] to promote the public interest , nor know[ing ] how much he is promoting it .
. . .
He intends only his own gain , and he is in this , as in many other cases , led by an invisible hand to promote an end that was no part of his intention .
. . .
By pursuing his own interest he frequently promotes that of society more effectually than when he really intends to promote it . . . ( 2 )
The campaign waged by Adam Smith and his successors was completely successful .
The past two centuries have seen his doctrines woven into the fabric of the way our society works .
It is hard to even begin to think about our society without basing one 's thought to some degree on Adam Smith's .
And today the governments that have followed the path Adam Smith laid down preside over economies that are more materially prosperous and technologically powerful than any we have seen .
( 3 )
Belief in free trade , an aversion to price controls , freedom of occupation , freedom of domicile , ( 4 ) freedom of enterprise , and the other corollaries of belief in Smith 's invisible hand have today become the background assumptions for thought about the relationship between the government and the economy .
A free - market system , economists claim and most participants in capitalism believe , generates a level of total economic product that is as high as possible -- and is certainly higher than under any alternative system that any branch of humanity has conceived and attempted to implement .
It is even possible to prove the " efficiency " of a competitive market , albeit under restrictive technical assumptions .
( 5 )
The lesson usually drawn from this economic success story is laissez - faire , laissez - passer :
In the overwhelming majority of cases , the best thing the government can do for the economy is simply to leave it alone .
Define property rights , set up honest courts , perhaps rearrange the distribution of income , impose minor taxes and subsidies to compensate for well - defined and narrowly specified " market failures " ¾ but otherwise the economic role of the government is to disappear .
The main argument for a free competitive market system is the dual role played by prices .
On the one hand , prices serve to ration demand :
Anyone unwilling to pay the market price because he or she would rather do other things with his or her ( not unlimited ) money does not get the good ( or service ) .
On the other hand , price serves to elicit production :
Any organization that can make a good ( or provide a service ) for less than its market price has a powerful financial incentive to do so .
Thus , what is produced goes to those who value it the most .
What is produced is made by the organizations that can make it most cheaply .
And what is produced is whatever the ultimate users value the most .
You can criticize the market system because it undermines the values of community and solidarity .
You can criticize the market system because it is unfair -- for it gives good things to those who have control over whatever resources turn out to be most scarce as society solves its production allocation problem , not to those who have any moral right to good things .
But -- at least under the conditions economists have for two and one - quarter centuries first implicitly , and more recently explicitly , assumed - - you cannot criticize the market system for being unproductive .
Adam Smith 's case for the invisible hand , so briefly summarized above , will be familiar to almost all readers :
It is one of the foundation stones of our civilization 's social thought .
Our purpose in this chapter is to shake these foundations -- or at least to make readers aware that the changes in technology now going on as a result of the revolutions in data processing and data communications may shake these foundations .
Unexpressed but implicit in Adam Smith 's argument for the efficiency of the market system are assumptions about the nature of goods and services and the process of exchange , assumptions that fit reality less well today than they did in Adam Smith 's day .
Moreover , these implicit underlying assumptions are likely to fit the " new economy " of the future even less well than they fit the economy of today .
The Structure of This Chapter
In the third section , we take a look at things happening on the frontiers of electronic commerce and in the developing markets for information .
Our hope is that what is now going on at the frontiers of electronic commerce may contain some clues to processes that will be more general in the future .
Our final section does not answer all the questions we raise .
We are not prophets , after all .
Thus , our final section raises still more questions , for the most we can begin to do today is to organize our concerns .
By looking at the behavior of people in high - tech commerce -- people for whom the abstract doctrines and theories that we present have the concrete reality of determining whether they get paid -- we can make some guesses about what the next economics and the next set of sensible policies might look like , if indeed there is going to be a genuinely new economy and , thus , a genuinely new economics .
Moreover , we can warn against some pitfalls in the hope that our warnings will make things better rather than worse .
" Technological " Prerequisites of the Market Economy
Call the first feature excludability : the ability of sellers to force consumers to become buyers , and thus to pay for whatever goods and services they use .
Call the second feature rivalry : a structure of costs in which two cannot partake as cheaply as one , in which producing enough for two million people to use will cost at least twice as many of society 's resources as producing enough for one million people to use .
Call the third feature transparency : the ability of individuals to see clearly what they need and what is for sale , so that they truly know just what they wish to buy .
All three of these pillars fit the economy of Adam Smith 's day relatively well .
The prevalence of craft , as opposed to mass production , guaranteed that two goods could be made only at twice the cost of one .
The fact that most goods and services were valued principally for their ( scarce ) physical form meant that two could not use one good :
If I am using the plow to plow my field today , you can not use it to plow yours .
Thus , rivalry was built into the structure of material life that underpinned the economy of production and exchange .
Excludability was less a matter of nature and more a matter of culture , but certainly by Smith 's day large - scale theft and pillage were more the exception than the rule : (6 ) The courts and the law were there to give property owners the power to restrict the set of those who could use their property to those who had paid for the privilege .
Last , the slow pace and low level of technology meant that the purpose and quality of most goods and services were transparent :
What you saw was pretty much what you got .
All three of these pillars fit much of today 's economy pretty well too , although the fit for the telecommunications and information - processing industries is less satisfactory .
But they will fit tomorrow 's economy less well than today's .
There is every indication that they will fit the 21st - century economy relatively poorly .
( 7 )
As we look at developments along the leading technological edge of the economy , we can see considerations that used to be second - order " externalities , " that served as corrections , growing in strength to possibly become first - order phenomena .
And we can see the invisible hand of the competitive market beginning to work less well in an increasing number of areas .
Excludability
But digital data is cheap and easy to copy .
Methods do exist to make copying difficult , time - consuming , and dangerous to the freedom and wealth of the copier , but these methods add expense and complexity .
" Key disk " methods of copy protection for programs vanished in the late 1980s as it became clear that the burdens they imposed on legitimate purchasers and owners were annoying enough to cause buyers to " vote with their feet " for competing products .
Identification - and - password restrictions on access to online information are only as powerful as users ' concern for information providers ' intellectual property rights , which is surely not as powerful as the information providers ' concern .
( 8 )
In a world of clever hackers , these methods are also unreliable .
The methods used to protect digital video discs ( DVDs ) against casual copying are no longer secure .
Without excludability , the relationship between producer and consumer becomes much more akin to a gift - exchange relationship than a purchase - and - sale one .
(9 ) The appropriate paradigm then shifts in the direction of a fundraising drive for a National Public Radio station .
When commodities are not excludable , people simply help themselves .
If the user feels like it , he or she may make a " pledge " to support the producer .
The user sends money to the producer not because it is the only way to gain the power to use the product , but out of gratitude and for the sake of reciprocity .
This reciprocity - driven revenue stream may well be large enough that producers cover their costs and earn a healthy profit .
Reciprocity is a basic mode of human behavior .
Most people do feel a moral obligation to tip cabdrivers and waiters .
People do contribute to National Public Radio .
But without excludability , the belief that the market economy produces the optimal quantity of any commodity is hard to justify .
Other forms of provision -- public support funded by taxes that are not voluntary , for example -- that had fatal disadvantages vis-a - vis the competitive market when excludabilityreigned may well deserve re-examination .
( 10 )
We can get a glimpse of the way the absence of excludability can warp a market and an industry by taking a brief look at the history of network television .
During its three - channel apogee in the 1960s and 1970s , North American network television was available to anyone with an antenna and a receiver : Broadcasters lacked the means ofpreventing the public from getting the signals free of charge .
( 11 ) Free access was , however , accompanied by scarce bandwidth , and by government allocation of the scarce bandwidth to producers .
The absence of excludability for broadcast television did not destroy the television broadcasting industry .
Broadcasters could n't charge for what they were truly producing , but broadcasters worked out that they could charge for something else : the attention of the program - watching consumers during commercials .
Rather than paying money directly , the customers of the broadcast industry merely had to endure the commercials ( or get up and leave the room , or channel - surf ) if they wanted to see the show .
This " attention economy " solution prevented the market for broadcast programs from collapsing :
It allowed broadcasters to charge someone for something , to charge advertisers for eyeballs rather than viewers for programs .
But it left its imprint on the industry .
Charging for advertising does not lead to the same invisible hand guarantee of productive optimum as does charging for product .
In the case of network television , audience attention to advertisements was more or less unconnected with audience involvement in the program .
This created a bias toward lowest - common - denominator programming .
Consider two programs , one of which will fascinate 500,000 people , and the other of which 30 million people will watch as slightly preferable to watching their ceilings .
The first might well be better for social welfare :
The 500,000 with a high willingness to pay might well , if there were a way to charge them , collectively outbid the 30 million apathetic couch potatoes for the use of scarce bandwidth to broadcast their preferred program .
Thus , a network able to collect revenues from interested viewers would broadcast the first program , seeking the applause ( and the money ) of the dedicated and forgoing the eye - glazed semiattention of the larger audience .
But this competitive process breaks down when the network obtains revenue by selling commercials to advertisers .
The network can offer advertisers either 1 million or 60 million eyeballs .
How much the commercials will influence the viewers depends relatively little on how much they like the program .
As a result , charging for advertising gives every incentive to broadcast what a mass audience will tolerate .
It gives no incentive to broadcast what a niche audience would love .
As bandwidth becomes cheaper , these problems become less important :
One particular niche program may well be worth broadcasting when the mass audience has become sufficiently fragmented by the viewability of multiple clones of bland programming .
Until now , however , expensive bandwidth combined with the absence of excludability meant that broadcasting revenues depended on the viewer numbers rather than the intensity of demand .
Nonexcludability helped ensure that broadcast programming would be " a vast wasteland . " ( 12 )
In the absence of excludability , industries today and tomorrow are likely to fall prey to analogous distortions .
Producers ' revenue streams , wherever they come from , will be only tangentially related to the intensity of user demand .
Thus , the flow of money through the market will not serve its primary purpose of registering the utility of the commodity being produced .
There is no reason to think ex ante that the commodities that generate the most attractive revenue streams paid by advertisers or by ancillary others will be the commodities that ultimate consumers would wish to see produced .
Rivalry
But if goods are nonrival -- if two can consume as cheaply as one -- then charging a per-unit price to users artificially restricts distribution :
To truly maximize social welfare , we need a system that supplies everyone whose willingness to pay for the good is greater than the marginal cost of producing another copy .
And if the marginal cost of reproduction of a digital good is near - zero , that means almost everyone should have it for almost no charge .
However , charging price equal to marginal cost almost surely leaves the producer bankrupt , with little incentive to maintain the product except the hope of maintenance fees , and no incentive whatsoever to make another one except that warm , fuzzy feeling one gets from impoverishing oneself for the general good .
Thus we have a dilemma :
If the price of a digital good is above the marginal cost of making an extra copy , some people who truly ought ( in the best of all possible worlds ) to be using it do not get to have it , and the system of exchange that we have developed is getting in the way of a certain degree of economic prosperity .
But if price is not above the marginal cost of making an extra copy of a nonrival good , the producer will not be paid enough to cover costs .
Without nonfinancial incentives , all but the most masochistic producer will get out the business of production .
More important , perhaps , is that the existence of large numbers of important and valuable goods that are nonrival casts doubt upon the value of competition itself .
Competition has been the standard way of keeping individual producers from exercising power over consumers :
If you do n't like the terms the producer is offering , you can just go down the street .
But this use of private economic power to check private power may come at a high cost if competitors spend their time duplicating one another 's efforts and attempting to slow down technological development in the interest of obtaining a compatibility advantage , or creating a compatibility or usability disadvantage for the other competitor .
One traditional answer to this problem ( now in total disfavor ) was to set up a government regulatory commission to control the " natural monopoly . "
The commission would set prices and would do the best it could to simulate a socially optimum level of production .
On the eve of World War I , when American Telephone and Telegraph ( AT&T ) , under the leadership of its visionary CEO , Theodore N. Vail , began its drive for universal coverage , a political consensus formed rapidly both in Washington and within AT&T that the right structural form for the telephone industry was a privately owned , publicly regulated national monopoly .
While it may have seemed like the perfect answer in the Progressive era , in this more cynical age commentators have come to believe that regulatory commissions of this sort almost inevitably become " captured " by the industries they are meant to regulate .
( 13 ) Often this is because the natural career path for analysts and commissioners involves some day going to work in the regulated industry in order to leverage expertise in the regulatory process ; sometimes it is because no one outside the regulated industry has anywhere near the same financial interest in manipulating the rules , or lobbying to have them adjusted .
The only effective way a regulatory agency has to gauge what is possible is to examine how other firms in other regions are doing .
But such " yardstick " competition proposals -- judging how this natural monopoly is doing by comparing it to other analogous organizations -- are notoriously hard to implement . ( 14 )
A good economic market is characterized by competition to limit the exercise of private economic power , by price equal to marginal cost , by returns to investors and workers corresponding to the social value added of the industry , and by appropriate incentives for innovation and new product development .
These seem impossible to achieve all at once in markets for nonrival goods -- and digital goods are certainly nonrival .
Transparency
Why is transparency at risk ?
Because much of the value added in the data - processing and data - communications industries today comes from complicated and evolving systems of information provision .
Adam Smith 's pinmakers sold a good that was small , fungible , low - maintenance , and easily understood .
Alice could buy her pins from Gerald today and from Henry tomorrow .
But today 's purchaser of , say , a cable modem connection to the Internet from AT&T - Excite - @Home is purchasing a bundle of present goods and future services , and is making a down payment on the establishment of a long - term relationship with AT&T - Excite - @Home .
Once the relationship is established , both buyer and seller find themselves in different positions .
Adam Smith 's images are less persuasive in the context of services -- especially bespoke services that require deep knowledge of the customer 's wants and situation ( and of the maker 's capabilities ) -- that are not , by their nature , fungible or easily comparable .
When Alice shops for a software suite , not only does she want to know about its current functionality -- something notoriously difficult to figure out until one has had days or weeks of hands - on experience -- but she also needs to have some idea of the likely support that the manufacturer will provide .
Is it a toll call ?
Is the line busy at all hours ?
Do the operators have a clue ?
Will next year 's corporate downsizing lead to longer holds on support calls ?
Worse , what Alice really needs to know cannot be measured at all before she is committed : Learning how to use a software package is an investment she would prefer not to repeat .
Since operating systems are upgraded frequently , and interoperability needs change even more often , Alice needs to have a prediction about the likely upgrade path for her suite .
This , however , turns on unknowable and barely guessable factors : the health of the corporation , the creativity of the software team , the corporate relationships between the suite seller and other companies .
Some of the things Alice wants to know , such as whether the suite works and works quickly enough on her computer , are potentially measurable , at least , although one rarely finds a consumer capable of measuring them before purchase , or a marketing system designed to accommodate such a need .
You buy the shrink - wrapped box at a store , take it home , unwrap the box -- and find that the program is incompatible with your hardware , your operating system , or one of the six programs you bought to cure defects in the hardware or the operating system . . .
Worse still , the producer of a software product has every incentive to attempt to " lock in " as many customers as possible .
Operating system revisions that break old software versions require upgrades .
And a producer has an attractive and inelastic revenue source to the extent that " lock - in " makes switching to an alternative painful .
While consumers prefer the ability to comparison - shop and to switch easily to another product , producers fear this ability -- and have incentives to subtly tweak their programs to make it difficult to do so .
( 15 )
The Economics of Market Failure
Analysis of the impact of the lack of excludability is the core of the economic analysis of research and development .
It has led to the conclusion that the best course is to try to work around nonexcludability by mimicking what a well - functioning market system would have done :
Use the law to expand " property , " or use tax - and - subsidy schemes to promote actions with broad benefits .
But the focus of analysis has traditionally been on overcoming " frictions " :
How can we transform this situation in which the requirements of laissez - faire fail to hold into a situation in which the invisible hand works tolerably well ?
As long as it works well throughout most of the economy , this is a very sensible analytical and policy strategy .
A limited number of government programs and legal doctrines will be needed to closely mimic what the invisible hand would do if it could function properly in a few distinct areas of the economy ( such as the regional natural monopolies implicit in the turn - of - the - twentieth - century railroad , or government subsidies granted to basic research ) .
Out on the Cybernetic Frontier
What will happen in the future if problems of nonexcludability , of nonrivalry , of nontransparency come to apply to a large range of the economy ?
What happens if they come to occupy as central a place in business decision making as inventory control or production operations management does today ?
In the natural sciences , perturbation - theory approaches break down when the deviations of initial conditions from those necessary for the simple solution become large .
Does something similar happen in political economy ?
Is examining the way the market system handles a few small episodes of " market failure " a good guide for understanding the way it will handle many large ones ?
We do not know .
But we do want to take a first step toward discerning what new theories of the new markets might look like if new visions turn out to be necessary ( or if old visions need to be adjusted ) .
It is natural to examine the way enterprises and entrepreneurs are reacting today to the coming of nonexcludability , nonrivalry , and nontransparency on the electronic frontier .
The hope is that experience along the frontiers of electronic commerce will serve as a good guide to what pieces of the theory are likely to be most important , and will suggest areas in which further development might have a high rate of return .
The Market for Software
( Shareware , Public Betas , and More )
Consumers ' failure to acquire full information about the software they buy certainly demonstrates that acquiring the information must be expensive .
In response to this cost , social institutions have begun to spring up to get around the shrink - wrap dilemma .
The first was known as shareware :
You download the program ; if you like the program you send its author some money , and perhaps in return you get a manual , access to support , and / or an upgraded version .
The benefit of try - before - you - buy is precisely that it makes the process more transparent .
The cost is that try - before - you - buy often turns out to be try - use - and - don 't - pay .
The next stage beyond shareware has been the evolution of the institution of the public beta .
This is a time - limited ( or bug - ridden , or otherwise restricted ) version of the product : Users can investigate the properties of the public beta version to figure out whether the product is worthwhile .
But to get the permanent ( or the less bug - ridden ) version , they have to pay .
Yet a third stage is the " dual track " version : Eudora shareware versus Eudora Pro , for example .
Perhaps the hope is that users of the free low - power version will some day become richer , or less patient , or find they have greater needs .
At that point , they will find it least disruptive to switch to a product that looks and feels familiar , that is compatible with their habits and with their existing files .
In effect ( and if the sellers are lucky ) , the free version captures users as future customers before they are even aware they are future buyers .
The developing free - public - beta industry is a way of dealing with the problem of lack of transparency .
It is a relatively benign development , in the sense that it involves competition through distribution of lesser versions of the ultimate product .
An alternative would be ( say ) the strategy of constructing barriers to compatibility .
The famous examples in the computer industry come from the 1970s , when Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) made nonstandard cable connectors ; from the mid-1980s , when IBM attempted to appropriate the entire PC industry through its PS / 2 line ; and from the late 1980s , when Apple Computers used a partly ROM - based operating system to exclude clones .
Fortunately for consumers , these alternative strategies proved ( in the latter two cases , at least ) to be catastrophic failures for the companies pursuing them .
Perhaps the main reason that the free - public - beta strategy is now dominant is this catastrophic failure of strategies of incompatibility -- even though they did come close to success .
A fourth , increasingly important , solution to the transparency problem is open - source software .
( 17 ) Open source solves the software opacity problem with total transparency :
The source code itself is available to all for examination and re-use .
Open source programs can be sold , but whenever the right to use a program is conferred , it brings with it additional rights : to inspect and alter the software , and to convey the altered program to others .
In the case of the " Copyleft license , " for example , anyone may modify and re-use the code , provided that they comply with the conditions in the original license and impose similar conditions of openness and re-usability on all subsequent users of the code .
( 18 ) License terms do vary .
This variation itself is a source of potential opacity .
( 19 ) However , it is easy to envision a world in which open - source software plays an increasingly large role .
Open source 's vulnerability ( and perhaps also its strength ) is that it is , by design , only minimally excludable .
Without excludability , it is harder to get paid for your work .
Traditional economic thinking suggests that all other things being equal , people will tend to concentrate their efforts on things that get them paid .
And when , as in software markets , the chance to produce a product that dominates a single category holds out the prospect of enormous payment ( think Windows ) , one might expect that effort to be greater still .
Essentially volunteer software development would seem particularly vulnerable to the tragedy of the commons .
Open source has , however , evolved a number of strategies that at least ameliorate , and may even overcome , this problem .
Open - source authors gain status by writing code .
Not only do they receive kudos , but the work can be used as a way to gain marketable reputation .
Writing open - source code that becomes widely used and accepted serves as a virtual business card , and helps overcome the lack of transparency in the market for high - level software engineers .
The absence of the prospect of an enormous payout may retard the development of new features in large , collaborative open - source projects .
It may also reduce the richness of the feature set .
However , since most people apparently use a fairly small subset of the features provided by major packages , this may not be a major problem .
Furthermore , open source may make proprietary designer add - ons both technically feasible and economically rational .
In open source , the revenues cannot come from traditional intellectual property rights alone .
One must provide some sort of other value -- be it a help desk , easy installation , or extra features -- in order to be paid .
Moreover , there remains the danger that one may not be paid at all .
Nevertheless , open source has already proven itself to be viable in important markets : the World Wide Web as we know it exists because Tim Berners - Lee open - sourced HTML and HTTP .
Of Shop-bots , Online Auctions , and Meta - Sites
Shop-bots
BargainFinder was one of the first Internet - based shopping agents .
( 21 ) In its first incarnation , in 1997 , it did just one thing .
Even then it did it too well for some .
Now that BargainFinder and other intelligent shopping agents have spread into a wide range of markets , a virtual war over access to and control of price information is raging in the online marketplace .
Thus , one has to ask :
Does the price come at a price ?
In the initial version of BargainFinder , and to this day , the user enters the details of a music compact disk she might like to purchase .
BargainFinder interrogates several online music stores that might offer to sell it .
It then reports back the prices in a tidy table that makes comparison shopping easy .
Initially , the system was not completely transparent :
It was not always possible to discern the vendor 's shipping charges without visiting the vendor 's Web site .
But as BargainFinder 's inventors said , it was " only an experiment . "
Today , it 's no longer an experiment .
" Shipping and handling " is included as a separate and visible charge .
The output is a handsome table that can be sorted by price , by speed of delivery , or by merchant .
It can be further customized to take account of shipping costs by zip code , and results can be sorted by price or by speed of delivery .
While the user sees the names of the firms whose prices are listed , it 's a short list , and there is no way to know what other firms may have been queried .
Other , newer , shopping agents take a more aggressive approach .
R- U - Sure , available at http://r-u-sure.com, installs an application on the desktop that monitors the user 's Web browsing .
Whenever the user interacts with an e-commerce site that R - U - Sure recognizes , it swings into action , and a little box pops up with a whooshing noise .
It display the queries it is sending to competing merchants '
Web stores to see if they have a better price , and reports on the winner .
Competitor clickthebutton ( http://www.clickthebutton.com) installs an icon in the taskbar , but pops up only when it is clicked .
The company provides a full and impressively lengthy list of the sites it is capable of querying on the shopper 's behalf .
( 22 )
Bidding Services
Price competition is also fostered by bidding services and auctions .
Bidding services such as http://www.priceline.com
( hotels , air tickets ) and http://www.nextag.com
( consumer goods and electronics ) invite customers to send a price they would be willing to pay for a commodity service or good .
However , the price competition is constrained .
There is no obvious way for consumers to learn what deals others have been able to secure , and the bidding services appear designed to discourage experimentation aimed at finding out the market - clearing price .
Priceline requires the consumer to commit to pay if his offer is accepted ; Nextag does not , but tracks the user 's behavior with a " reputation " number that goes up when a merchant 's acceptance of a bid results in a purchase and goes down when an accepted bid does not lead to a purchase .
Unlike Priceline , however , Nextag contemplates multi-round negotiations : " Sellers , " it warns , " will be more likely to respond to your requests if you have a high rating . "
At first glance , a highly variegated good such as a college education would seem to resist any effort at a bidding process .
Nevertheless , ecollegebid.org ( http://www.ecollegebid.org/) has a
Web site that invites prospective college students to state what they are willing to pay and then offers to match it with a " college 's willingness to offer tuition discounts . "
Although the list of participating colleges is not published , or even shared with competing colleges , executive director Tedd Kelly states that six colleges are set to participate and negotiations are under way with more than fifteen others .
In its first five weeks , 508 students placed ecollegebids .
( 23 ) Once a college meets a price , the student is asked , but not required , to reply within 30 days , and to submit an application that the college retains the option of rejecting .
Auction Sites
Auction sites provide a different type of price competition , and a different interface with shopping bots .
Users can either place each of their bids manually , or they can set up a bidding bot to place their bids for them .
E-bay , for example , encourages bidders not only to place an initial bid but also to set up " proxy bidding " in which any competing bid immediately will be met with a response , up to the user 's maximum price .
Since E - bay gets a commission based in part on the final sale price , it gains whenever proxy bidding pushes up the price .
Perhaps the fastest - growing segment of the online auction market is aimed at business - to - business transactions .
An example is Freemarkets ( http://www.freemarkets.com), which boasts , " We created online auctions covering approximately $ 1 billion in 1998 , and estimate we saved clients 225 % .
Since 1995 , we have created online auctions for more than 30 buyers in over 50 product categories .
More than 1,800 suppliers from more than 30 countries have participated in our auctions . "
Meta Auction Sites
There are a significant number of competing consumer auction sites in operation .
The profusion of auctions has created a demand for meta-sites that provide information about the goods offered on multiple online auctions .
Examples of meta-sites include http://www.auctionwatch.com/ and http://www.auctionwatchers.com/.
Auctionwatch , like BargainFinder before it , has become too successful for some .
E - bay initially requested that meta - sites not list its auctions .
When Auctionwatch failed to comply , E - bay threatened auctionwatch.com with legal action , claiming that Auctionwatch 's " Universal Search " function , which directs users to auctions on E- bay and competing services ( Yahoo , Amazon.com , MSN , Bidstream , and Ruby Lane ) is an " unauthorized intrusion " that places an unnecessary load on E - bay 's servers , violates E - bay 's intellectual property rights , and misleads users by not returning the full results of some searches . ( 24 )
The claim that E - bay 's auction prices or the details of the sellers ' offers to sell are protected in the U.S. by copyright , trade secret , or other intellectual property law is bogus .
( However , there are proposals in Congress to change the law in a way that may make the claim more plausible in the future . )
Other hitherto untested legal theories may , however , prove more plausible .
A claim that meta -sites were somehow damaging E - bay by overloading its servers , or a claim based on some kind of trespass , might find more support .
Whether meta auction sites do burden searchees ' servers is itself a difficult factual issue .
To the extent that many people who are not interested in bidding see the data on the meta - site , the load on E - bay is reduced .
The current law is probably in the meta - sites ' favor .
But there is uncertainty , and this uncertainty is compounded by the possibility of legislation .
Efficiency ?
It is particularly appropriate to ask what the economically efficient solution might be at a time when the law is somewhat in flux .
Most economists , be they Adam Smithian classicists , neoclassical Austrians , or more modern economics - of - information mavens , would at first thought instinctively agree with the proposition that a vendor in a competitive market selling a standardized product -- for one Tiger Lily CD is as good as another - - would want customers to know as much as possible about what the vendor offers for sale , and the prices at which the goods are available .
The reason for this near - consensus is that in a competitive market every sale at the offer price should be welcome :
All are made at a markup over marginal cost .
Thus , all online CD retailers ought to have wanted to be listed by BargainFinder , if only because every sale that went elsewhere when they had the lowest price was lost profit .
But not so .
A significant fraction of the merchants regularly visited by BargainFinder were less than ecstatic .
They retaliated by blocking the agent 's access to their otherwise publicly available data .
As of March 1997 , one third of the merchants targeted by Bargain Finder locked out its queries .
One , CDNow , did so for frankly competitive reasons .
The other two said that the costs of large numbers of " hobbyist " queries were too great for them .
A similar dynamic is currently unfolding in the online auction world : E - bay , the best - known online auction site , has started to block Auctionwatch 's access to E - bay 's data .
One possible explanation for the divergence between the economic theorist 's prediction that every seller should want to be listed by BargainFinder or Auctionwatch and the apparent outcome is the price - gouging story .
In this story , stores blocking comparison sites tend to charge higher - than - normal prices because they are able to take advantage of consumer ignorance of cheaper alternatives .
The stores are gouging buyers by taking advantage of relatively high search costs .
Our utterly unscientific
Web browsing supports the hypothesis that consumers have yet to figure out how to bring their search costs down -- R - U - Sure may need a lot more publicity .
Prices are in flux and do not appear to be behaving the way Adam Smith would predict .
Random browsing among various delivery channels reveals wide price fluctuations , peaking at 40 % on one occasion for consumer electronics items under $ 200 .
In this case , BargainFinder and its successors would indeed be valuable developments .
They will make markets more efficient and will lower prices .
Another possibility is the " kindly service " story .
Perhaps stores blocking BargainFinder , R - U - Sure , or meta - sites tend to charge higher - than - normal prices because they provide additional service or convenience .
If commerce becomes increasingly electronic and impersonal ( or if " personal " comes to mean " filtered through fiendishly clever software agents " ) , this sort of humanized attention will become increasingly expensive .
To the extent that this additional service or convenience can be provided automatically , things are less clear .
In a sometimes - forgotten classic , The Joyless Economy , Tibor Scitovsky noted that the advent of mass production of furniture seemed to cause the price of hand - carved chairs to increase , even as the demand for them shrank .
( 25 ) As consumers switched to less costly ( and less carefully made , one - size - fits - all ) mass - produced furniture , carvers became scarce and business for the remaining carvers became scarcer .
Soon only the rich could engage their services .
If the " kindly service " story is right , the rise of the commodity market creates a risk of a possible decline in service - intensive or higher - quality goods .
Mass tastes will be satisfied more cheaply , yet specialty tastes will become more of an expensive luxury .
On the other hand , the rise of shop - bots such as BargainFinder or R - U - Sure offers an opportunity for consumers to aggregate their preferences on a worldwide scale .
Indeed , Mercata ( http://www.mercata.com/) provides a service by which consumers can group together to put in a group buy for a product .
The larger the number of units , the lower the price , although it is not clear that even the resulting price is always lower than what might be found by determined Web browsing .
Thus , the transaction costs associated with aggregation of identical but disparate preferences , and with the communication and satisfaction of individualized preferences , should be going down .
As it becomes increasingly easy for consumers to communicate their individualized preferences to manufacturers and suppliers , and increasingly easy to tailor goods to individual tastes -- be it a CD that has only the tracks you like , customized blue jeans , or a car manufactured ( just in time ) to your specifications -- personalized goods may become the norm , putting the " joy " back into the economy and replacing the era of mass production with an era of mass customization .
Some signs of this were visible even before the information revolution : Lower costs of customization have already undermined one of Scitovsky 's examples as fresh - baked bread makes its comeback at many supermarkets and specialty stores .
And Alfred P. Sloan created General Motors and the automobile industry of the postWorld War II era by piling different body styles , colors , and option packages on top of the same Chevy drive train .
In either the " price gouging " or the " kindly service " story , the advent of services such as BargainFinder and R - U - Sure presents retailers of many goods with a dilemma :
If they join in , they contribute toward turning the market for CDs , books , consumer electronics , and other , similar goods into a commodity market with competition only on price .
If they act " selflessly " and stay out , in order to try to degrade the utility of shop - bots and meta - sites ( and preserve their higher average markup ) , they must hope that their competitors will understand their long - run self - interest in the same way .
But overt communication in which all sellers agreed to block BargainFinder would , of course , violate the Sherman Act .
And without a means of retaliation to " punish " players that do not pursue the collusive long - run strategy of blocking BargainFinder , the collapse of the market into a commodity market with only price competition , and with little provided in the way of ancillary shopping services , appears likely .
When we wrote the first draft of this chapter , we noted that if CD retailers were trying to undermine Bargain Finder by staying away , their strategy appeared to be failing .
Some CD retailers that initially blocked Bargain Finder later unblocked it , while others were clamoring to join .
Since then , the rise of a new generation of meta-sites and alternate means of creating price competition makes the question somewhat moot .
The technological arms race , pitting meta-sites and shop - bots against merchants , will continue , but the attackers seem to have the advantage , if only because of their numbers .
Whether or not this is an occasion for joy depends on which of our explanations above is closer to the truth .
The growth of the bookstore chain put the local bookshop out of business , just as the growth of supermarkets killed the corner grocer .
Not everyone considers this trend to be a victory , despite the lower prices .
A human element has been lost , and a " personal service " element that may have led to a better fit between purchaser and purchase has been lost as well .
So far , the discussion has operated on the basis of the assumption that merchants have an incentive to block comparison shopping services if they charge higher - than - normal prices .
Strangely , some merchants may have an incentive to block it if they charge lower - than - normal prices .
As we all know , merchants sometimes advertise a " loss leader , " and offer to sell a particular good at an unprofitable price .
Merchants do this in order to lure consumers into the store , either to try to sell them more profitable versions of the same good ( leading , in the extreme case , to " bait - and - switch " ) , or in the hope that the consumer will spy other , more profitable , goods to round out the market basket .
You can explain this merchant behavior in different ways , by talking about the economics of information , locational utility , myopic consumers generalizing incorrectly on the basis of a small number of real bargains , or temporary monopolies caused by the consumer 's presence in this store as opposed to another store far away .
It may be that merchants blocking Bargain Finder did not want consumers to be able to exploit their " loss leaders " without having to be exposed to the other goods offered simultaneously .
Without this exposure , the " loss - leaders " would not lure buyers to other , higher - profit , items , but would simply be losses .
The merchant 's ability to monopolize the consumer 's attention for a period may be the essence of modern retailing ; the reaction to BargainFinder and Auctionwatch , at least , suggests that this is what merchants believe .
The growing popularity of frequent - buyer and other loyalty programs also suggests that getting and keeping customer attention is important to sellers .
Interestingly , this explanation works about equally well for the " kindly service " and " loss leader " explanations -- the two stories that are consistent with the assumption that the CD market was relatively efficient before Bargain Finder came along .
Browsing Is Our Business
Retail stores in meatspace ( " meatspace " being the part of life that is not cyberspace ) provide information about available products -- browsing and information acquisition services -- that consumers find valuable and are willing to pay for , either in time and attention or in cash .
Certainly meatspace shopping is conducive to unplanned ( impulse ) purchases , as any refrigerator groaning under the weight of kitchen magnets shows .
Retail stores in cyberspace may exacerbate this tendency :
What , after all , is a store in cyberspace but a collection of information ?
CDNow , for example , tailors its virtual storefront to what it knows of a customer 's tastes based on her past purchases .
In addition to dynamically altering the storefront on each visit , CDNow also offers to send shoppers occasional email information about new releases that fit their past buying patterns .
One can imagine stores tailoring what they present to what they presume to be the customer 's desires , based on demographic information that was available about the customer even before the first purchase .
Tailoring might extend beyond showcasing different wares :
Taken to the logical extreme , it would include some form of price discrimination based on facts known about the customer 's preferences , or on demographic information thought to be correlated with preferences .
( The U.S. and other legal systems impose constraints on the extent to which stores may generalize from demographic information :
For example , stores that attempt race - based , sex - based , or other types of invidious price variation usually violate U.S. law . )
A critical microeconomic question in all this is how consumers and manufacturer / sellers exchange information in this market .
Both consumers and sellers have an interest in encouraging the exchange of information :
In order to provide what the consumer wants , the sellers need to know what is desired and how badly it is wanted .
Consumers need to know what is offered where , and at what price .
A shop - bot may solve the consumer 's problem of price , but it will not tell him about an existing product of which he is unaware .
Similarly , CDNow may reconfigure its store to fit customer profiles , but without some external source of information about customers , this takes time and requires repeat visitors .
Indeed , it requires that customers come in through the front door :
All the reconfiguration in the world will not help CDNow or E - bay if customers are unaware that they would enjoy its products , or if the customers ' only relationship with CDNow is via a shop - bot or a meta - site .
The retail outlet in the average mall can plausibly be described as a mechanism for informing consumers about product attributes .
The merchant gives away product information in the hope that consumers will make purchases .
Physical stores , however , have fixed displays and thus must provide more or less identical information to every customer .
Anyone who looks in the window , anyone who studies the product labels , or even the product catalogs , receives the same sales pitch .
Some of the more interesting recent writing on the microeconomics of virtual retailing suggests that what is really happening is a war for the customer 's attention - - a war for eyeballs .
( 26 ) Certainly the rush to create " portals " that , providers hope , will become the surfer - shopper 's default home page on the Internet suggests that some large investors believe eyeballs are well worth having .
So too does the tendency of successful early entrants in one product market to seek to leverage their brand into other markets .
It may be that the " dynamic storefront " story is the Internet 's substitute for the " kindly service " story .
If so , the rise of agent - based shopping may well be surprisingly destructive .
It raises the possibility of a world in which retail shops providing valuable services are destroyed by an economic process that funnels a large percentage of consumer sales into what become commodity markets without middlemen :
People use the high - priced premium cyberstore to browse , but then use Bargain Finder to purchase .
To appreciate the problem , consider Bob , an online merchant who has invested a substantial amount in a large and easy - to - use " browsing " database that combines your past purchases , current news , new releases , and other information to present you with a series of choices and possible purchases that greatly increase your chances of coming across something interesting .
After all , a customer enters seeking not a particular title , and not a random title , but a product that he or she would like .
What is being sold is the process of search and information acquisition that leads to the judgment that this is something to buy .
A good online merchant would make the service of " browsing " easy -- and would in large part be selling that browsing assistance .
If this browsing is our business story , there is a potential problem : Browsing assistance is not an excludable commodity .
Unless Bob charges for his services ( which is likely to discourage most customers , and especially the impulse purchaser ) , there is nothing to stop Alice from browsing merchant Bob 's Web site to determining the product she wants , and then using Bargain Finder to find the cheapest source of supply .
BargainFinder will surely find a competitor with lower prices , because Bob 's competitor will not have to pay for the database and the software underlying the browsing assistance .
If so , projects such as BargainFinder will have a potentially destructive application , for many online stores will be easy to turn into commodity markets once the process of information acquisition and browsing is complete .
It would be straightforward to run a market in kitchen gadgets along the lines of BargainFinder , even if much of the market for gadgets involves finding solutions to problems one was not consciously aware one had .
First take a free ride on one of the sites that provide browsing assistance to discover what you want , then open another window and access Bargain Finder to buy it .
Students and other people with more time than money have been using this strategy to purchase stereo components for decades :
Draw on the sales expertise offered at the premium store , then buy from the warehouse .
But the scope and ease of this strategy is about to become much greater .
To merchants providing helpful shopping advice , the end result will be as if they spent all their time in their competitors ' discount warehouse , pointing out goods that the competitors ' customers ought to buy .
The only people who will pay premium prices for the physical good -- and thus pay for browsing and information services -- will be those who feel under a gift - exchange moral obligation to do so : the " sponsors " of NPR .
Thus , cyberstores that offer browsing assistance may find that they have many interests in common with the physical stores in the mall -- which fear that consumers will browse in their stores , and then go home and buy products tax - free on the Internet .
Collaborative Filtering
In the process of entering sufficient information about her tastes to prime the pump , Alice adds to the database of linked preference information .
In helping herself , Alice helps others .
In this simplest form , the collaborative filter helps Alice find out about new books she might like .
The technology is applicable to finding potentially desirable CDs , news , Web sites , software , travel , financial services , and restaurants , as well as to helping Alice find people who share her interests .
At the next level of complexity , the collaborative filter can be linked to a shop - bot .
Once Alice has decided that she will try On Being Blue , she can find out who will sell it to her at the best price .
The truly interesting development , however , comes when Alice 's personal preference data are available to every merchant Alice visits .
( Leave aside for a moment who owns these data , and the terms on which they become available . )
A shop such as CDNow becomes able to tailor its virtual storefront to a fairly good model of Alice 's likely desires upon her first visit .
CDNow may use this information to showcase its most enticing wares , or it may use it to fine - tune its prices to charge Alice all that she can afford -- or both .
Whichever is the case , shopping will not be the same .
Once shops acquire the ability to engage in price discrimination , consumers will of course seek ways of fighting back .
One way will be to shop anonymously , and see what price is quoted when no consumer data are proffered .
Consumers can either attempt to prevent merchants and others from acquiring the transactional data that could form the basis of a consumer profile , or they can avail themselves of anonymizing intermediaries that will protect the consumer against the merchant 's attempt to practice perfect price discrimination by aggregating data about the seller 's prices and practices .
In this model , a significant fraction of cyber commerce will be conducted by software agents that will carry accreditation demonstrating their creditworthiness , but will not be traceable back to those who use them .
Thus , potential legal constraints on online anonymity may have more far - reaching consequences than their obvious effect on unconstrained political speech .
( 28 ) In some cases , consumers may be able to use collaborative filtering techniques to form buying clubs and achieve quantity discounts , as in the case of Mercata . ( 29 ) Or consumers will construct shopping personas with false demographics and purchase patterns in the hope of getting access to discounts .
Business fliers across America routinely purchase back - to - back round - trip tickets that bracket a Saturday night in an attempt to diminish the airlines ' ability to charge business travelers premium prices .
Airlines , meanwhile , have invested in computer techniques to catch and invalidate the second ticket .
Consumers will face difficult maximization problems .
In the absence of price discrimination , and assuming privacy itself is only an intermediate good ( i.e. , that consumers do not value privacy in and of itself ) , the marginal value to the consumer of a given datum concerning her behavior is likely to be less than the average value to the merchant of each datum in an aggregated consumer profile .
If markets are efficient , or if consumers suffer from a plausible myopia in which they value data at the short - run marginal value rather than the long - term average cost , merchants will purchase this information , leading to a world with little transactional privacy .
( 30 )
Furthermore , the lost privacy is not without gain : Every time Alice visits a virtual storefront that has been customized to her preferences , her search time is reduced , and she is more likely to find what she wants -- even if she did n't know she wanted it -- and the more information the merchant has about her , the more true this will be .
The picture becomes even more complicated once one begins to treat privacy itself as a legitimate consumer preference rather than as merely an intermediate good .
Once one accepts that consumers may have a taste for privacy , it is no longer obvious that the transparent consumer is an efficient solution for the management of customer data .
Relaxing an economic assumption does not , however , change anything about actual behavior , and the same tendencies that push the market toward a world in which consumer data is a valuable and much - traded commodity persist .
Indeed , basic ideas of privacy are under assault .
Data miners and consumer profilers are able to produce detailed pictures of the tastes and habits of increasing numbers of consumers .
The spread of intelligent traffic management systems and video security and recognition systems , and the gradual integration of information systems built into every appliance , will eventually make it possible to track movement as well as purchases .
Once one person has this information , there is , of course , almost no cost for making it available to all .
Unfortunately , it is difficult to measure the demand for privacy .
Furthermore , the structure of the legal system does not tend to allow consumers to express this preference .
Today , most consumer transactions are governed by standard - form contracts .
The default rules may be constrained by state consumer law , or by portions of the Uniform Commercial Code , but they generally derive most of their content from boilerplate language written by a merchant 's lawyer .
If you are buying a dishwasher , you do not get to haggle over the terms of the contract , which ( in the rare case that they are even read ) are found in small print somewhere on the invoice .
Although it is possible to imagine a world in which the Internet allows for negotiation of contractual terms even in consumer sales , we have yet to hear of a single example of this phenomenon , and see little reason to expect it .
On the contrary , to the extent that a trend can be discerned , it is in the other direction , toward the " Web - wrap " or " clip - wrap " contract ( the neologisms derive from " shrink - wrap " contracts , in which the buyer of software is informed that she will agree to the terms by opening the wrapper ) , in which the consumer is asked to agree to the contract before being allowed to view the Web site 's content .
Indeed , the enforcement of these agreements is enshrined in law in the proposed , and very controversial , Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act < http://www.law.upenn.edu/bll/ulc/ucita/cita10st.htm>.
The Next Economics ?
Modest as they may be in comparison to the issues we have left for another day , our observations about microfoundations do have some implications for economic theory and for policy .
At some point soon , it will become practical to charge for everything on the World Wide Web .
Whether it will become economically feasible , or common , remains to be seen .
The outcome of this battle will have profound economic and social consequences .
Consider just two polar possibilities .
On the one hand , one can envision a hybrid gift - exchange model , in which most people pay as much for access to Web content as they pay for NPR , and in which the few who value an in - depth information edge or speed - of - information acquisition pay more .
At the other extreme , one can as easily foresee a world in which great efforts have been made to reproduce familiar aspects of the traditional model of profit maximization .
Which vision will dominate , absent government intervention , depends in part on the human motivation of programmers , authors , and other content providers .
The invisiblehand assumed a " rational economic man , " a greedy human .
The cybernetic human could be very greedy , for greed can be automated .
But much progress in basic science and technology has always been based on other motivations than money .
The thrill of the chase , the excitement of discovery , and the respect of one 's peers have played a very large role as well , perhaps helped along by the occasional Nobel Prize , knighthood for services to science , or a distinguished chair ; in the future , " Net. Fame " may join the list .
Government will surely be called upon to intervene .
Adam Smith said that eighteenth - century " statesmen " could in most cases do the most good by sitting on their hands .
The twenty - first - century " stateswomen " will have to decide whether this advice still applies after the fit between the institutions of market exchange and production and distribution technologies has decayed .
We suspect that policies that ensure diversity of providers will continue to have their place .
One of the biggest benefits of a market economy is that it provides for sunset .
When faced with competition , relatively inefficient organizations fail to take in revenue to cover their costs , and then they die .
Competition is thus still a virtue , whether the governing framework is one of gift - exchange or buy - and - sell - - unless competition destroys the ability to capture significant economies of scale .
The challenge for policy makers is likely to be particularly acute in the face of technological attempts to recreate familiar market relationships .
That markets characterized by the properties of rivalry , excludability , and transparency are efficient does not mean that any effort to reintroduce these properties to a market lacking them necessarily increases social welfare .
Furthermore , in some cases the new , improved , versions may provide more excludability or transparency than did the old model ; this raises new problems .
Holders of intellectual property rights in digital information , be they producers or sellers , do have a strong incentive to reintroduce rivalry and excludability into the market for digital information .
Increasing Excludability
First , technologies that permit excludability risk introducing socially unjustified costs if the methods of policing excludability are themselves costly .
Second , as the example of broadcast television demonstrates , imperfect substitutes for excludability can themselves have bad consequences that are sometimes difficult to anticipate .
Third , over - perfect forms of excludability raise the possibility that traditional limits on excludability of information such as " fair use " might be changed by technical means without the political and social debate that should precede such a shift .
We counsel caution :
In the absence of any clear indication of what the optimum would be , the burden of proof should be on those who argue that any level of excludability should be mandated .
This applies particularly to information that is not the content being sold but that is instead about the current state of the market itself .
There is a long tradition that information about the state of the marketplace should be as widely broadcast as possible .
( 32 ) We cannot see any economic arguments against this tradition .
In particular , reforming the law to give sellers a property right in information about the prices that they charge appears extremely dangerous .
There has never in the past been a legal right to exclude competitors from access to bulk pricing data .
It is hard to see what improvement in economic efficiency could follow from the creation of such a right in the future .
Increasing Rivalry
But imposing rivalry where it is not naturally found means imposing a socially unnecessary cost on someone .
The result may look and feel like a traditional market , but it cannot , by definition , carry the " optimality " properties markets have possessed in the past .
The artificial creation of rivalry ensures that many users whose willingness to pay for a good is greater than the ( near - zero ) marginal cost of producing another copy will not get one .
Policy makers should therefore be very suspicious of any market - based arguments for artificial rivalry .
Increasing Transparency
The answer is fundamentally political .
It depends on the extent to which one is willing to recognize privacy as an end in itself .
If information about consumers is just a means to an economic end , there is no reason for concern .
If , on the other hand , citizens perceive maintaining control over facts about their economic actions as a good in itself , some sort of governmental intervention in the market may be needed to make it easier for this preference to express itself .
Policy Hazards in the New Economy
The consequences may be earthshaking .
For about two centuries starting in 1800 , technological progress was the friend of the unskilled worker :
It provided a greater relative boost to the demand for workers who were relatively unskilled ( who could tighten bolts on the assembly line , or move things about so that the automated production process could use them , or watch largely self - running machines and call for help when they stopped ) than for those who were skilled .
The spread of industrial civilization was associated with a great leveling in the distribution of income .
But there is nothing inscribed in the nature of reality to the effect that technological progress must always boost the relative wages of the unskilled .
Nor have we addressed potentially compensating factors such as the looming disaggregation of the university , a scenario in which " distance learning " bridges the gap between elite lecturers and mass audiences , turning many educational institutions into little more than degree - granting standards bodies , with financial aid and counseling functions next to a gym or ( just maybe ) a library .
While this may benefit the mass audience , it has harmful effects on one elite :
It risks creating an academic proletariat made up of those who would have been well - paid professors before the triumph of " distance learning " over the lecture hall .
Along a number of dimensions , there is good reason to fear that the enormous economies of scale found in the production of nonrivalrous commodities are pushing us in the direction of a winner - take - all economy .
The long - run impact of the information revolution on the distribution of income and wealth is something that we have not even begun to analyze .
Similarly , we have completely ignored a number of interesting macroeconomic issues .
Traditional ideas of the " open " and " closed " economy will have to be rethought on sectoral grounds .
Once a nation becomes part of the global information infrastructure , its ability to raise either tariff or nontariff walls against certain foreign trade activities becomes vanishingly small .
Nations will not , for example , be able to protect an " infant " software industry .
It will be hard to enforce labor laws when the jobs are taken by telecommuters .
National accounts are already becoming increasingly inaccurate as it becomes harder and harder to track imports and exports .
Governments are unable to distinguish the arrival of a personal letter , with a picture attached , from the electronic delivery of a $ 100,000 piece of software .
Monetary and financial economics will also have to adapt .
Traditionally , the field of economics has always had some difficulty explaining money :
There has been something " sociological " about the way tokens worthless in themselves get and keep their value that is hard to fit with economists ' underlying explanatory strategies of rational agents playing games of exchange with one another .
These problems will intensify as the nature and varieties of money change .
The introduction of digital currencies suggests a possible return of private currencies .
It threatens the end of seigneurage , and raises questions about who can control the national money supply .
( 33 )
The market system may well prove to be tougher than its traditional defenders have thought , and to have more subtle and powerful advantages than those that defenders of the invisible hand have usually listed .
At the very least , however , defenders will need new arguments .
Economic theorists have enormous powers of resilience : Economists regularly try to spawn new theories -- today , evolutionary economics , the economics of organizations and bureaucracies , public choice theory , and the economics of networks .
Experience suggests that the regulations for tomorrow 's economy are likely to be written today .
That means policy choices will be made in advance of both theory and practice , and with disproportionate input from those who have the most to lose from change , or who have garnered short - term first - mover advantages from the first stage of the transition now under way .
If we are correct in believing that some of the basic assumptions that drive most thinking about the market ( and most introductory economics classes ) will not hold up well in the online economy , it is particularly important for those choices to be made with care .
Endnotes
1 . This paper is a revised and updated version of " The Next Economy , " placed on the World Wide Web in early 1997 at http://www.law.miami.edu/~froomkin/articles/newecon.htm and http://econ161.berkeley.edu/Econ_Articles/newecon.htm, and presented at Brian Kahin and Hal Varian 's January 1997 Harvard Kennedy School conference on the emerging digital economy .
DeLong would like to thank the National Science Foundation , the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , and the Institute for Business and Economic Research of the University of California for financial support .
We both would like to thank Francois Bar , Caroline Bradley , Steven Cohen , Joseph Froomkin , Brian Kahin , Tom Kalil , Ronald P. Loui , Paul Romer , Steven Cohen , Carl Shapiro , Andrei Shleifer , Lawrence H. Summers , Hal Varian , Janet Yellen , and John Zysman for helpful discussions .
2. Emphasis added .
Adam Smith , The Wealth of Nations ( London : 1776 ) , Cannan edition , p. 423 .
3 . See , for estimates of growth in economic product and increases in material welfare over the past century , Angus Maddison , Monitoring the World Economy ( Paris : OECD , 1994 ) .
4. Within national borders , that is .
Migration across national borders is more restricted today than ever before .
5. See Gerard Debreu , The Theory of Value ( 1957 ) .
6 . In Britain at least .
Inhabitants of West Africa or India in Adam Smith 's day had very good reason to dispute such a claim .
7. See Jeffrey K. MacKie -Mason and Hal R. Varian , " Some Economic FAQs About the Internet , " Journal of Electronic Publishing ( June 1995 ) < http://www.press.umich.edu/jep/works/FAQs.html>;
Lee McKnight and Joseph Bailey , " An Introduction to Internet Economics , " Journal of Electronic Publishing ( June 1995 ) < http://www.press.umich.edu/jep/works/McKniIntro.html>.
8 . When the Wall Street Journal sells a Berkeley economics professor an annual subscription to its e-version , does it imagine that the same user 's identification - and - password might be used in one day to access the e-version by the professor at work , by a research assistant working from home on the professor 's behalf , and by the professor 's spouse at another office ?
Probably not .
9 . See George Akerlof , " Labor Contracts as Partial Gift Exchange , " in George Akerlof , An Economic Theorist 's Book of Tales ( Berkeley : University of California Press , 1985 ) .
10 .
That excludability is a very important foundation for the market is suggested by the fact that governments felt compelled to invent it .
Excludability does not exist in a Hobbesian state of nature :
The laws of physics do not prohibit people from sneaking in and taking your things ; the police and the judges do .
Indeed , most of what we call " the rule of law " consists of a legal system that enforces excludability : Enforcement of excludability ( " protection of my property rights , " even when the commodity is simply sitting there unused and idle ) is one of the few tasks that the theory of laissez - faire allows the government .
The importance of this " artificial " creation of excludability is rarely remarked on : Fish are supposed to rarely remark on the water in which they swim .
See Brad Cox , Superdistribution : Objects as Property on the Electronic Frontier ( New York : Addison - Wesley , 1996 ) .
11 . In large part because the government did not restructure property rights to help them .
Had the government made the legal right to own a TV conditional on one 's purchase of a program - viewing license , the development of the industry might well have been different .
And such a conditioning of legal right would have been technologically enforceable .
As British billboards used to say : " Beware ! TV locator vans are in your neighborhood ! "
12 . Newton Minow , Equal Time 45 , 52 ( 1964 ) ; Minow , Newton M. , and Craig L. LaMay .
Abandoned in the Wasteland : Children , Television , and the First Amendment .
New York : Hill & Wang , 1996 .
13 .
It is worth noting that in the debate over Microsoft in the second half of the 1990s , virtually no one proposed a Federal Operating System Commission to regulate Microsoft as the FCC had regulated the Bell System .
The dilemmas that had led to the Progressive - era proposed solution were stronger than ever .
But there was no confidence in that solution to be found anywhere .
14 . Andrei Shleifer , " Yardstick Competition , " Rand Journal of Economics ( 1986 ) .
15 . See Charles Ferguson , High Stakes , No Prisoners ( New York : Times Books , 1999 ) .
16 . See Jean Tirole , The Theory of Industrial Organization ( Cambridge , MA : MIT Press , 1988 ) .
17 . See generally http://www.gnu.org/ ( free software ) and http://www.opensource.org/
( open source generally ) .
18 . See http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html.
19 . See , e.g. , http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/categories.html ( categorizing types of licenses ) .
20 .
A useful corrective to some of the hype is Kathyrn Heilmann et al. , " Intelligent Agents : A Technology and Business Application Analysis , " http://haas.berkeley.edu/~heilmann/agents/#I
21 . In January 1997 , BargainFinder shopped at nine stores : CD Universe , CDNow ! , NetMarket , GEMM , IMM , Music Connection , Tower Records , CD Land , CDworld , and Emusic .
A sample search for the Beatles ' White Album in January 1997 produced this output :
I could n't find it at Emusic .
You may want to try browsing there yourself .
CD Universe is not responding .
You may want to try browsing there yourself .
$ 24.98 ( new ) GEMM ( Broker service for independent sellers ; many used CDs , imports , etc. )
I could n't find it at CDworld .
You may want to try browsing there yourself .
$ 24.76 Music Connection ( Shipping from $ 3.25 , free for 9 or more .
20 day returns . )
CDNow is blocking out our agents .
You may want to try browsing there yourself .
NetMarket is blocking out our agents .
You may want to try browsing there yourself .
CDLand was blocking out our agents , but decided not to .
You 'll see their prices here soon .
IMM did not respond .
You may want to try browsing there yourself .
22 . See http://www.clickthebutton.com/nosite.html.
23 . Interview with Tedd Kelly , executive director of e-college bid org , consultants for educational resources and research .
1 Nov 1999 .
24 . See http://www.auctionwatch.com/company/pr/pr5.html.
25 . Tibor Scitovsky , The Joyless Economy : An Inquiry Into Human Satisfaction and Consumer Dissatisfaction ( Oxford : Oxford University Press : 1976 ) .
26 . E.g. Michael H. Goldhaber , The Attention Economy and the Net , First Monday , http://www.firstmonday.dk/issues/issue2_4/goldhaber/
27 . http://www.firefly.com/.
28 . A. Michael Froomkin , " Flood Control on the Information Ocean : Living With Anonymity , Digital Cash , and Distributed Databases , " 15 Pitt. J. L. & Com. 395 ( 1996 ) .
29 . Nicholas Negroponte , " Electronic Word of Mouth , " Wired 4.10 ( Oct. 1996 ) , http://www.hotwired.com/wired/4.10/negroponte.html.
30 . Judge Posner suggests that this is the economically efficient result .
See Richard A. Posner , " Privacy , Secrecy , and Reputation , " 28 Buffalo L. Rev. 1 ( 1979 ) ; Richard A. Posner , " The Right of Privacy , " 12 Ga. L. Rev. 393 , 394 ( 1978 ) .
Compare , however , Kim Lane Scheppele , Legal Secrets 4353 , 111126 ( 1988 ) ; see also James Boyle , " A Theory of Law and Information : Copyright , Spleens , Blackmail , and Insider Trading , " 80 Cal. L. Rev. 1413 ( 1992 ) ( arguing that most law and economic analysis of markets for information are based on fundamentally contradictory assumptions ) .
31 . See Brad Cox , Superdistribution : Objects as Property on the Electronic Frontier ( New York : Addison - Wesley , 1996 ) .
32 . For example , consider this : " Technology has set into motion dazzling challenges to market mechanisms whose free market dynamism is being impeded by anti-competitive handcuffs imposed by participants and sanctioned by regulators .
A free market is nurtured by a culture of disclosure and equal access to information that fuels rather than fetters the marketplace .
The dangers are real and the opportunities abundant .
The efficiency and expanse of an unburdened open market is limitless .
Tear down the barriers to competition , remove the obstacles to greater innovation , spotlight all conflicts of interest , and unleash the flow of timely and accurate information , and our markets -- like never before -- will be driven by the power and the brilliance of the human spirit . "
SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt , " Quality Information : The Lifeblood of Our Markets , " http://www.sec.gov/news/speeches/spch304.htm ( delivered October 18 , 1999 ) .
[ DISCLAIMER :
The following text and illustrations are reproduced from a U.S. War Department booklet published in 1943 .
The text may be inaccurate , and no attempt has been made to update or correct the material .
Any views or opinions expressed do not necessarily represent those of the website . ]
A POCKET GUIDE TO IRAN WAR AND NAVY DEPARTMENTS
WASHINGTON , D.C. 1943 Prepared by
SPECIAL SERVICE DIVISION , SERVICES OF SUPPLY
UNITED STATES ARMY CONTENTS Introduction 1 Oil — The World 's Lifeblood 4 Iran and the War 6 Your Double Part 7 Getting Along in Iran 8 Meet the Iranis 9 The Moslem Religion 12 Irani Customs and Manners 15 Land of Iran 21 History and Government 26 Sanitary Conditions 29 Miscellaneous Information 30 Check List of Do's and Don'ts 34 Hints on Pronouncing Persian 36 List of Most Useful Words and Phrases 39 INTRODUCTION AS AN AMERICAN SOLDIER assigned to duty in Iran ( once called Persia ) , you are undertaking the most important job of your life .
There is no other war theater where military success by the United States and her fighting Allies will contribute more to final victory over the Axis .
You 've heard a lot of talk in this war about life lines — the sea lanes and land routes by which military supplies flow into the combat zones to be turned against the enemy .
Iran is much more than a life line .
It is a major source of the power that keeps the United Nations ' military machine turning over — oil .
Because of its prime strategic value , Iran is the only country in the world where the armies of three of the United Nations — Great Britain , Russia , and the United States — are operating in daily touch with each other .
This combination of great powers , cooperating in the defense of Iran , is a clear - cut indication of the decisive importance of the task you and your outfit have been called upon to do .
You , as an American , have a responsibility that goes beyond the ordinary military duties required of you .
Your country has a reputation throughout the world for decency and unselfishness in its dealings with other nations .
That reputation is a major asset for us in this global war .
By your actions you can uphold it or destroy it .
Accordingly , it is part of your job to establish and maintain friendly relations with the soldiers of our Allies — Russia and Great Britain — and with the people of Iran ( Iranis ) .
Most of those you meet wo n't know very much about Americans , except by reputation .
They will watch to see how you act and what you do and probably say to themselves : " So , this is what Americans are like . "
And what they think of us will have much to do with our military success or failure .
It is n't a very difficult job .
You 'll be expected to act pretty much as you would at home , using your common sense to tell you what to do when you run into a tough situation .
You 'll be expected to keep your mouth shut and your eyes open even after you are sure of your ground .
And you 'll need to respect the ways of thinking and doing things of the Iranis and of the British and Russian soldiers , no matter how different they may be from your own .
If you adopt the attitude that we Americans do n't know all the answers and that the world does n't revolve around Kankakee , Ill. , you wo n't be very far off the target in your dealings with other peoples .
Beyond a spirit of tolerance and a willingness to meet the other fellow half way , the thing you 'll need most in order to get along in Iran is information .
Your opinion of the country and the people will never be any better than your knowledge of them .
As you exercise your curiosity and gain fresh knowledge , you will increase your efficiency as a soldier and will add personal value and pleasure to a tough job .
This guidebook is to help you move in that direction , but it is little more than a preview .
A smart soldier will soon know far more about the country than is to be found between these covers .
That is the target to shoot at , and there is no better way to begin getting acquainted with the country than by understanding Iran 's present position in this global war .
OIL — THE WORLD'S LIFEBLOOD IRAN is important to the United Nations for a number of reasons .
It is the land bridge by which to get supplies to Russia , and it might have become the path over which Hitler 's armies could drive into India or to the Red Sea and the Suez Canal .
But , more important than anything else , Iran is one of the great power reservoirs of the world .
Napoleon once said that an army marches on its stomach .
Today armies march on oil .
Were all supplies of oil suddenly to vanish , every large industrial nation in the world would collapse almost overnight .
Oil is the lifeblood of the modern world .
In that part of the world to which you 've been assigned there are two great oil - bearing areas that together constitute the " powerhouse " of the United Nations .
The northwest area , stretching between the Araxes River in South Russia to the steppes north of the Caucasus , is the heart of the Soviet Union , measured in terms of barrels of oil .
Second only to these oil fields in and around Baku on the Caspian Sea are those in Iran and Iraq , which supply Great Britain and us in the Middle East , North Africa , and on the North Atlantic .
One of the great military thinkers of the present day has said that the quadrangle bounded by the cities of Astrakhan , Teheran , Basra , and Aleppo is the true strategic or power center of the war , " an area in which a German success would mean the almost certain collapse of Russia and the probable collapse of Great Britain as well . "
Should its occupation lead to a German conquest of the Near East , not only would the British Empire be cut in half , but the prestige of the United Nations would be radically lowered .
Note the names of the cities and then look at the map in the center of this guide .
You will see that you and your fellow soldiers are holding down two sides of the quadrangle .
You will continue to hold them down so long as there is unity between the armies of the United Nations in Iran — the unity that comes from mutual confidence and respect .
It is familiar strategy of Hitler and his Axis gang to create distrust and doubt between allies and the people friendly to them .
You can help defeat that strategy by working to keep the good will of your allied comrades in arms and of the Irani people .
So doing you will become a force in keeping Iran on the Allied side .
You will help to keep it open as a channel by which to move lend - lease supplies into Russia .
And its annual production of 80,000,000 barrels of oil , originating in the fields near Bandar Shapur and Kermanshah , will continue to supply our tanks and fighting planes in the Middle East and North Africa and to fuel the ships of the British fleet in the Mediterranean and the Indian Ocean .
IRAN AND THE WAR FOR about 3,000 years Iran has been a battleground .
Its people took turns in conquering and being conquered .
After 3,000 years of it they grew tired of war ; they wanted to stay neutral in this war as they did in the last .
But that did not suit Hitler 's program .
Until he invaded Russia , Hitler 's pattern of conquest called for getting the job done in the easiest way .
If his propagandists and his " tourists " could demoralize a people and an army , the panzers had an easier job to do .
That way it would n't cost so much in men or precious material .
He tried the same strategy in Iran .
Long before we got into the war , Axis agents had poured into the country .
They held key jobs in power companies , in banks , and even in government departments ; they infested the towns and cities and worked to stir up the wild tribesmen of the mountain and desert areas .
Hitler 's public propagandists , too , were active .
The Nazi film " Victory in the West " was shown to capacity crowds in Teheran , the capital city .
Nazis subsidized theater managers for using German newsreels .
Nazi broadcasters , among other lies , even told the Iranis that Hitler really was a Moslem , related to their great Prophet Mohammed .
It did n't work .
After many protests against Nazi activity in the country , the Russians and the British moved in on August 25 , 1941 .
That was one time we got there first .
The Shah , Reza Khan , abdicated .
His son took over the throne and concluded a treaty with the Allied Nations .
Nazi agents who could be found were interned , or fled the country .
Now , with the consent of the Iran Government , troops of the United Nations guard this great land bridge between Europe and Asia , its oil wells and refineries , and the highways and railroads which form the life line to our Russian allies .
Our troops are in the minority among these occupying forces .
One whole British Army , organized in the summer of 1942 , is on duty in this theater .
The Russians , reacting to developments north of the Caucasus , have had to lean more and more upon the military establishment in Iran as a prop to the forces operating between the Black Sea and the Caspian .
Measured against these responsibilities and undertakings , our own effort in Iran has been relatively limited and we can appropriately be modest about it .
YOUR DOUBLE PART YOU enter Iran not only as a soldier , but also as an individual .
That is our strength — if we are smart enough to use it .
As a soldier , your duties will be clear - cut .
But in a place like Iran , what you do as an individual — on your own — can be almost as important .
Iran is a possible trouble spot .
A great deal of our success or failure may depend on whether the Iranis like us .
If they like us , they can help us in countless ways .
If they do n't , they can cause us trouble .
If they are doubtful , your friendly acts may win their confidence .
GETTING ALONG IN IRAN GETTING along in Iran is pretty much like getting along at home , except that the people are more formal .
Use ordinary decency , politeness , and consideration , and you wo n't have trouble .
But be a little restrained , though friendly .
And remember always that you are n't going to Iran to change or reform the Iranis or to tell them how much better we do things at home .
Their ways of doing things have been good enough for them for some thousands of years , and they are n't likely to change because you think they should .
Even with the best will in the world , you can get off on the wrong foot with the Iranis unless you know a few things about them .
There are two principal danger points .
Their politics and their religion .
Stay out of arguments or discussions of either .
In the first place , you do n't know enough about them to have an opinion ; in the second place , they are n't your business ; in the third place , you can make a lot more friends for our side by just being a decent , ordinary , friendly American .
MEET THE IRANIS IN THE cities you will find most of the Iranis friendly to Americans .
Iran has often turned for help in her problems to American scientists and economists , and the Iranis appreciate what these Americans have done to help them .
They appreciate , too , the efforts of American missionaries to build hospitals and stamp out disease .
Quite a few of Iran 's professional men , such as doctors , were educated in the United States , and they have brought back favorable reports about us and our country .
In the country districts you will find that the people know less about Americans .
Here the German agents have been particularly active and shrewd .
Since the native Iranis have a distrust of most foreigners , the Nazis have sent their agents — disguised as natives and well supplied with money — into all sorts of remote places to spread their lies and stir up trouble .
( It is believed that at least 100 of these Axis undercover agents are still active in various parts of Iran , in spite of the efforts to weed them out . )
Your best way to beat this game is to be friendly and not to offend the Iranis by careless disregard for their customs .
The 15,000,000 Iranis are a mixture of peoples .
They belong to the so - called Caucasian race , like ourselves , despite the dark color of the skins of many of them .
Today many of them are more westernized than the inhabitants of bordering countries .
You will see European costumes quite generally in the cities , but less in the country .
One thing nearly all Iranis have in common is the Moslem religion , which we will talk about a little later on .
In the country , most of the people are tenant farmers , and they are very poor .
They grow cereals , fruits , cotton , opium , and some vegetables .
From one - third to two - thirds of their produce goes to the landlord ; they live on the rest .
Lack of water for irrigation ( only about 10 percent of the land is under cultivation ) accounts for much of Iran 's poverty .
In many districts you will see mounds that look like giant anthills .
They are " kanats " which mark wells connected by underground channels through which water is brought to fields and villages possibly from 20 or 30 miles away .
Water is so precious in Iran that you should be extremely careful not to damage any " kanat " you may come across .
Wheat bread is the staff of life in Iran .
Everywhere you will see people eating round flaps of whole wheat bread — a working man will get away with about 50 pounds of flaps a month .
In the more mountainous part of the country there are about two to three million semi-wandering tribesmen who tend the sheep from which comes the fine wool used in the famous Persian rugs .
Because of the lack of grazing land coupled with the severity of the winters , these tribesmen follow the grass through the seasons — in the high upland valleys in the summer and in the lowland ranges in winter .
The majority of people in the cities are handicraft workers — carpenters , shoemakers , bakers , masons , and tailors .
Each has a small shop in the bazaar where all the work is done by hand .
The rest of the city people are merchants , Government officials , and big landowners .
Except for the oil industry ( developed and operated by the British with Iranian personnel ) and for some recently introduced factories , manufacturing in Iran is still in the handicraft stage .
Hand - woven rugs even today are Iran 's most important product .
As a matter of fact , many of the modern carpets now made in the United States are woven in old Iranian designs .
THE MOSLEM RELIGION UNTIL a few years ago , if a foreigner had attempted to enter a mosque ( Moslem church ) in Iran , he would probably have been beaten to death , and even today it is safest to keep strictly away from mosques unless you are invited there by a responsible person .
At that time the Iranis were among the most fanatical of all Moslems , and the mullahs ( priests ) were the men who really ran the country .
Today , the situation is somewhat changed .
The westernization of the country has greatly lessened the power of the mullahs , so that although most Iranis are still very devout , religion is no longer the controlling national force it once was .
You will find , generally speaking , that the mullahs hold greater power in the country than in the cities , and that the country people themselves are stronger in their religious beliefs , particularly their distrust of infidels , as they regard any non-Moslem .
At any rate , the Moslem religion is still a force all over the country so that you should know something about it in order to avoid making any bad breaks .
Followers of the Moslem religion believe in one God , Allah , and obey the teachings of his prophet , Mohammed .
They follow the religious practices which are set forth in their sacred book , the Koran .
Most Moslems are very conscientious about observing carefully the rules of their religion .
Here are the five most important rules : 1 . Moslems are forbidden to eat pork .
To them the pig is an unclean animal .
They also believe dogs are unclean .
Never offer pork to a Moslem , and if you have a mascot dog , be sure to keep him away from all Moslems and especially from mosques .
2 . The Moslem is forbidden to drink any kind of fermented or distilled liquor .
Do n't offer him a drink or let him see you drunk .
To do either will offend his religious principles .
3 . The good Moslem prays five times a day , facing the holy city Mecca in Arabia , kneeling and bowing to the ground no matter where he happens to be when the call to prayer comes .
If he starts doing this in your presence , respect his religious sincerity .
Do not laugh , but look the other way until he has finished .
4 . The Moslem day of rest is Friday .
You will find almost all places of business closed .
5 . One month during each year all Moslems observe the fast of Ramadan .
During that time they do not eat , drink , or smoke between sunrise and sunset , although they may stay up all night to make up for it .
This means that they are often irritable at this season , so make allowances .
In 1943 Ramadan ( Ramazan in Iran ) will begin about September 1 and last until about October 1 .
Most of the Iranis belong to the Shia sect of the Moslem religion , which differs in some of its beliefs from the Sunni sect to which most of the Moslems of other countries belong .
This probably wo n't make much difference in your relations with the Iranis , but it might come in handy to know about it .
In the past the Sunni and the Shia sects have fought bloody and bitter wars over their religious differences .
In addition to Ramadan ( Ramazan ) which both the Shia and Sunni sects observe , the Shias in Iran have a week of mourning called Moharrem even more important to them than Ramadan .
During that week the Shias mourn three descendants of the Prophet Mohammed whose deaths in a quarrel over the succession to Mohammed as Caliph of the Moslem religion brought about the split between the two sects .
During the week of Moharrem it is a good idea to be especially careful in your dealings with the Iranis .
Feeling runs high at that time and in the past many bloody fights have occurred between the Shia Moslems , Sunnis , and nonbelievers .
While Mecca is the holy city of all Moslems , the Shia sect in Iran have a holy city of their own — Meshed , in eastern Iran near the Afghan border .
Pilgrims from India and Afghanistan visit the city yearly worshipping at the great " golden mosque , " holiest in Iran .
Meshed is also the center of education for the mullahs , the religious leaders .
In addition to the Moslems , there are also in Iran small groups of Christians , Jews , and a very ancient religious group , the Zoroastrians .
All these religions are recognized officially , a fact which shows that the average inhabitant has a kind of broad tolerance .
Respect his religion , and he 'll respect yours .
That is n't a bad rule at all times .
So if somebody takes you to visit a Moslem mosque ( and that is the only safe way to go ) do n't laugh or think it funny that the Moslems keep their hats on in church , but take their shoes off .
They would think our customs just as odd , but would probably be too polite to say so .
IRANI CUSTOMS AND MANNERS POLITENESS , as a matter of fact , is one of the first things you 'll notice when you begin to meet the Iranis .
Their language is one of the most flowery in the world and one of the richest in polite phrases .
They are also very ceremonious .
There is no back - slapping or rough - housing .
And they do n't know a thing about boxing or fighting with their fists .
If you should happen to lose your temper and knock an Irani down , your outfit would immediately get a bad reputation , to say nothing of the fact that you might run into a mess of trouble sometime later .
Personal dignity is very important to an Irani .
It is a point to be kept in mind .
The natural courtesy of Iranis may be a bit misleading , sometimes .
Often you will find that the Iranis you meet will agree with you no matter what you say or will tell you what they think will please you rather than what you really want to know .
Another thing , most of the people are extremely conscious of their long history and their culture , and they believe that Iran is unique among all the nations of the world .
There is an old saying in Iran : " Half the World is Isfahan . "
Isfahan was once one of the most beautiful cities anywhere , and Iranis believed that it took all the rest of the world to equal it .
Feeling so , the Iranis probably wo n't believe any boasting you do about your own country .
Another thing to know in connection with manners is that the Moslem is very modest about exposing his body in the presence of others .
Remember this and avoid offending his sense of what is proper and courteous .
Hospitality .
The Iranis are n't very prosperous today , but even so they are known for their hospitality , and you may be invited to an Irani home for a meal .
In the wealthier homes in the cities the meal is eaten the same way as in the United States .
There are tables , chairs , plates , and silverware .
In the poorer homes , however , and in the country the old customs are followed .
The best thing to do is to watch your host and do as he does .
You probably wo n't see the women of the family at all .
You will sit cross -legged on the floor and eat with your fingers from a tray in the center .
Eat only with your right hand , even if you are a southpaw .
This is a strict custom .
Do n't eat too much , because what is left is for the women and children .
When you leave you will be expected to shake hands .
But do this gently .
The Iranis do not have a vice - like grip or pump the hand up and down .
If you want to make a gift to your host , some American cigarettes or some form of sweets will be appreciated .
Better still , send them along to him later .
When you are in an Irani home do n't be too enthusiastic about admiring some particular object .
Out of courtesy your host might feel obliged to give it to you .
If an Irani makes you a gift , the proper thing to do is to give him one of equal value in return .
Often in a home , or even in a shop , you will be offered coffee or tea .
If you do n't want any , you may refuse .
But if you take one cup or glass , you will be expected to drink at least two and possibly three .
To stop at less , once you have started , is considered rude .
But do not take a fourth .
It may be offered , but you are expected to refuse it .
Often the third cup or glass is considered a signal that your visit is at an end and it is time for you to go unless you are quartered in the house .
Irani Women .
The position of women in Iran is far more advanced than in many Moslem countries .
In the cities the veil has disappeared almost entirely , except on older women , and European dress is becoming the rule .
However , you will find that you cannot do in Iran as you would at home .
You can not pick up or date an Irani girl .
You must wait for a formal introduction .
Even then most Irani girls do not yet have the social life that we are accustomed to .
In most homes you will find that the bee-roon , or front part of the house , is reserved for men ; while the women are in the andi-roon , or back part of the house , where no man is allowed to enter or even look in .
Occasionally you will see Irani men and women together in public , but most social life is still for men only .
You will never see a man and woman walking arm in arm .
On the other hand , you will frequently see men walking hand in hand .
Do n't let this give you any funny ideas about them .
It is simply the way of expressing friendship .
Any approach you might make to an Irani woman , either in the country or the city , would be sure to be resented and would cause almost certain trouble .
So keep your distance .
Do n't make passes .
Do n't even stare at the women .
To do this would only cause trouble , and anyway it wo n't get you anywhere .
Bargaining .
Most tradesmen have stalls in the bazaars , which you will find in all the cities , and bargaining is a great national pastime .
You will have to bargain for almost everything you buy .
The price first quoted is always higher than you should pay .
A little good - natured American horse trading will get the price down anywhere from a third to two - thirds .
However , you must expect to pay more for things than the Iranis do .
As an American soldier , you are paid as much in a month as many natives earn in half a year or more , and they will think it only fair that you should pay higher prices .
Language .
There is really no single language in Iran .
The language you will hear will depend on the part of the country you are in .
In the north , many of the people speak a form of Turkish .
Near the Persian Gulf in the south , you will hear Arabic .
There are numerous other languages and dialects , and many of the educated Iranians speak French and English .
However , the official language of the country is known as Farsee , or , more commonly , Persian , and nearly all Iranis understand some of it .
Study the Farsee words and phrases at the end of this guide , and use them , and you will be able to get along .
You should particularly learn some of the most common polite phrases of greeting , parting , etc. , such as : sa-LAH - mun a - LAY - kum ( Peace be on you ) which is used in greeting ; KHOO - da HAH - fiz ( God be your Protector ) which is said when taking leave of someone ; bis -MIL - lah ( In the name of God ) which is said before eating ; and mam - NOON - am , which is one of the many ways of saying " Thank you . "
Remember again : your cue is to be polite but not familiar .
Sports and Amusements .
Except in Teheran , you wo n't find movies or hot spots , and you 'll depend on what sports equipment your outfit brings with it for amusement .
There is , however , good hunting and some fishing .
Iran has plenty of quail , snipe , and woodcock , and you 'll find wild boar in some sections .
If you are out after the latter do n't make the mistake of blasting away at him with an ordinary shot gun .
The bullets will bounce off his tough hide and he 'll probably run you all the way back to camp — if you can keep ahead of him .
Another favorite sport is chasing gazelle in a jeep .
The main difficulty is to catch up with them , for the gazelle is almost as swift and shifty as our own western antelope .
Also , you 'd better watch out for chuck holes during the chase .
The Iranis have a novel , and ancient , way of catching ducks worth trying .
You 'll need a large flashlight , a piece of net rigged like a butterfly net , a dishpan , and a club .
Plant yourself in the reeds at night , turn on the flashlight , bang on the dishpan with your club , and scoop up the duck in the net when he flies down at the light .
It 's not as easy as it sounds and more fun than banging away with a gun .
LAND OF IRAN THE kingdom of Iran occupies the western two - thirds of the great Iranian plateau that stretches across southwestern Asia from the Indus River in India to the Tigris in Iraq .
Iran itself extends roughly 600 miles from the Caspian Sea on the north to the Persian Gulf on the south ; about 900 miles from Afghanistan and Baluchistan on the east to Turkey and Iraq on the west .
It has an area equal to about one - fifth that of the United States — 628,000 square miles — with a population about one - tenth as great as ours .
Most of the country is tableland , ranging in elevation from 3,000 to 8,000 feet above sea level ; but there are two areas of coastal lowlands .
The one along the shores of the Persian Gulf is a desert with very hot dry winds .
The other , bordering the Caspian Sea , is hot and wet , with tropical jungles where there are tigers to be hunted .
At the edges of the tableland are ranges of mountains which resemble our Rockies .
To cross these mountains the Trans - Iranian Railway requires 224 tunnels and 4,102 bridges in the course of its 870 miles from the Persian Gulf to the Caspian Sea .
The greater part of the tableland where most of the people live is desert — much like the drier regions of western United States .
In the summer , the countryside is brown and desolate , and in the eastern part are such areas as the Dasht - i- Kavir ( salt desert ) and the Lut Desert , which are absolutely barren .
Very few people live in this eastern part of the tableland .
Those who do make their living as shepherds .
In the western portion there are mountain ranges and high valleys .
Here , wherever water is available , there is irrigation farming much like that practiced in Utah and Nevada .
The large cities are located in the irrigated spots .
Teheran , the capital , has a population of more than 300,000 .
Tabriz , in the northwest corner , has about 220,000 people ; Isfahan , in the western mountains , 100,000 ; Meshed , in the eastern mountains , 140,000 ; and Resht , on the rainy Caspian coast , about 90,000 .
Some of these cities are very interesting for their architecture and people , while Teheran is modern in many respects though you will not find the kind of entertainment to which you are accustomed at home .
The climate of Iran is healthful , except in the Caspian lowlands , where malarial mosquitoes are a danger .
On the tableland the weather resembles that of Iowa , Nebraska , and the Dakotas though there is less rainfall .
In winter temperatures are low , although they seldom drop below zero .
In summer , they average between 70 and 90 degrees , sometimes soaring above 100 .
On the tableland , even when the days are hot , be prepared for sudden drops in temperature after the sun goes down .
Everywhere , except along the northern coast , rainfall is scanty .
On the eastern tableland the rain seldom exceeds eight inches annually , and the western tableland averages 15 inches — about the same as Salt Lake City .
HISTORY AND GOVERNMENT TWO THOUSAND five hundred years ago , Iran , then Persia , was the military nation of the world .
Cyrus the Great , the first of a series of soldier kings , established an empire that included the whole of the Middle East from India to the Mediterranean and from the Caucasus Range to the Indian Ocean .
In those early years as a world empire , Iran was organized for total war .
According to military historians it was the first nation to set up a system of universal military service .
Boys of five began training in the use of arms and at the age of 15 entered into a 5 - year period of advanced training .
After that they were reservists , liable for military duty when needed , until they reached the age of 50 .
The Persians were also believed to have been the first to employ archers on a large scale to increase the firepower of their forces .
And they developed this arm further by putting the bowmen on horseback .
Darius the First , grandson of Cyrus , was noted particularly for his attention to the problems of supply .
One of his major works was the construction of a vast network of military roads over which troops and supplies could be transported to any threatened part of the empire .
He also established an empire - wide system of communication by mounted carriers — not unlike the famous Pony Express in America 80 years ago .
In 331 B.C. , the Iranian Empire was finally overthrown by Alexander the Great at the Battle of Arbela .
With about 47,000 men , he defeated more than a million Persians under Darius III .
In this decisive battle , the Persians used elephants , probably the first time in history that they appeared on a battlefield as offensive weapons , their tactical employment being quite like that of the tank in today 's warfare .
It took 500 years for Iran to make a come - back as a nation .
Then , under Ardashir , a tribal chief , the people reconquered much of their old empire in the Middle East and again drove into India .
For the next 400 years , the Persians were constantly at war , fighting about 15 major wars with the Roman Empire and numerous smaller ones with the White Huns , the Arabs , the Turks , and the Khazars .
In the 11th century , Iran , along with other countries , suffered one of the worst blitzkriegs in history .
Hordes of Mongol horsemen , capable of traveling 80 miles a day or 1,000 miles a month , swept out of the East , destroying everything in their path .
At Merv , a city in the north - western part of the empire , 500,000 people were killed .
At Nishapur , all things living , even the animals , were wiped out , and the city was leveled .
For the next 100 years , the country — what there was left of it — was ruled by the descendants of the Mongol conquerors .
Split into small states and dominated by foreign rulers for several hundred years , Persia arose again in the 16th century under the Safavid kings , the greatest of which was Shah Abbas .
Partially under the heel of Turkey , whose military power was nearly at its height , Shah Abbas began the reorganization of the Persian Army which was then composed almost exclusively of light cavalry .
With the help of two British soldier - adventurers , the Shirleys , a well - equipped army of cavalry , infantry , and artillery divisions was created .
In its first major trial , the new army met and defeated a superior Turkish force , inflicting more than 20,000 casualties .
From the 17th century on , the history of Iran was one of increasing foreign influence , with England and Russia the predominant nations .
Wars and internal strife were almost incessant so that by the time the First World War broke out Iran was almost in a state of anarchy .
During the war the British , Russians , and Turks occupied parts of the country .
In 1921 a new leader , Reza Khan , arose , an officer in the famous Cossack Division , later to become Shah .
Under his leadership many steps toward modernization of the country were taken .
In August 1941 he abdicated in favor of his son , Mohammed Riza Shah .
Today Iran is a constitutional monarchy , with a Shah and a parliament which is elected every 2 years .
Iranian politics are in a somewhat delicate state due to the war situation , so it is important that you avoid any expression of opinion on political matters .
SANITARY CONDITIONS YOU will find few of the sanitary precautions which you take for granted at home .
Even in the capital , Teheran , which the Iranians consider the most beautiful capital in the world , and which has wide streets and modern buildings , you will find no central water supply and no sewerage system .
In the cities , most of the toilets are crude outhouses .
In the villages there are not even these , and you will have to get used to relieving yourself outdoors at any convenient and secluded spot .
In both the cities and the country you will have to carry your own supply of toilet paper .
Because of the lack of sewage disposal , you must never drink any water that has not been boiled .
The open irrigation ditches are so full of germs it is not even safe to wash in them .
The best drink is hot tea .
Ices ( sherbets ) are no safer than the water from which they are made , and in general should be avoided .
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes , and mosquito nets are a necessity wherever these insects are found .
The nets will also help to protect you from scorpions , which look a bit like crayfish and which have a painful and sometimes dangerous sting .
They like to sleep in shoes , so be sure to shake yours out in the morning before you put them on .
Skin , scalp , and eye diseases are common , so personal cleanliness is very important .
Be careful , too , never to rub your eyes .
Venereal disease is prevalent .
Do n't take chances !
These are some general health hints .
Your medical and sanitary officers will give you more detailed instructions .
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION
Currency .
The principal unit of currency in Iran is the rial ( pronounced " ree - AHL " ) .
It is worth about three cents in American money , and is also worth 100 dinars ( " DEE - nar " ) , just as the American dollar is worth 100 cents .
There is no coin for a single dinar , however .
The smallest Irani coin is an aluminum or bronze piece worth five dinars .
Other coins are 10 , 25 , 50 dinar pieces ; and 1 , 2 , and 5 rial silver , coins .
The officers of your outfit will very likely make arrangements for you to change your money into Iranian currency .
If you change your own , however , better go to a reputable bank .
The rate of exchange varies constantly , and the professional money changers are quick to take advantage of your ignorance of exchange rates .
Calendar .
In Iran the Government and most business houses follow a calendar peculiar to Iran .
Their New Year 's Day , called No Rooz , is the 21st of March .
There are 12 months of 30 or 31 days each starting from that date .
The " lunar " or " moon " calendar is used by religious groups .
That means that there are 13 months of 28 days each .
It also means that special dates will not occur at the same time of the year as on our calendar .
For instance , in 1942 , the feast of Ramadan began about September 10 , but in 1943 the date falls around September 1 .
All religious holidays are figured by the lunar calendar , and thus vary from year to year .
Time .
Train schedules and government offices use the 24 - hour clock , which is the same as our official Army time .
On this clock 1 p.m. ordinary times becomes 13 o'clock , 6 p.m. is 18 o'clock , 11 p.m. is 23 o'clock , etc .
Outside of the cities , the Moslems are very vague about the time , and generally use sunrise and sunset as a standard .
In fact , time does not have a great deal of meaning to the Iranis .
Speed and haste are almost unknown .
When an Irani says " now " he means within an hour or so .
When he says " tomorrow " ( FAR - DAH ) frequently he means sometime in the future .
Weights and Measures .
The metric system is used for all official measurement and weights in Iran .
The unit of length in the metric system is the " meter , " which is 39.37 inches , or a little more than one of our yards .
The unit of road distance is the " kilometer , " which is 1,000 meters or about five - eighths ( a little over one - half ) of one of our miles .
The unit of weight is the " kilogram , " which equals 2.2 pounds in our system .
Liquids are measured by the " liter , " which is a little more than one of our quarts .
However , the Iranis have several local systems of weights and measures of their own .
If you run into any of these you will simply have to learn them when the time comes .
In rural districts , particularly , the Iranis are as vague about distances as they are about time .
They have traveled very little and do not know distances .
Do not place too much confidence in anything they tell you .
CHECK LIST OF DO'S AND DON'TS Respect the Iranis as men and as soldiers ; recognize that their way of life is as right and natural for them as yours is for you .
Expect to bargain for your purchases and always arrive at a price before accepting any goods or services whatsoever .
Always wash your hands before eating , and say " Bismillah " if Moslems are present .
Respect the Moslems at prayer .
Keep any dogs of your own away from mosques and from Moslem homes .
Drink water only as hot tea or after boiling .
In general , take your cues on manners from the Iranis and remember that your mission may fail if you make enemies of them .
Do n't try to tell Iranis how much better everything is in the United States .
They think most things are better in Iran .
Do n't discuss religion .
Do n't discuss politics .
Do n't enter mosques unless you are invited and escorted there by a Moslem .
Do n't offer an Irani liquor or drink it in front of him .
Do n't offer an Irani pork in any form : bacon , sausage , or food cooked in lard .
Do n't touch or jostle Irani men ; even those you know quite well will resent it .
Do n't touch a respectable Irani woman , or even look at one unnecessarily .
Do n't strike an Irani .
Do n't threaten Iranis ; use persuasion , explanation , and rewards to get things done .
Do n't expose your body in the presence of an Irani .
Do n't mistake courtesy for friendship ; an Irani is always polite , but he is fundamentally suspicious of foreigners .
Do n't expect definite future commitments ; when an Irani says " now " he means " this very hour " ; when he says FAR - DAH ( tomorrow ) he means " sometime in the future . "
Do n't expect definite knowledge of distances from country men ; they travel little and have never learned to use numbers ( except very small ones ) with any exactness .
Do n't ridicule or criticize the Iranis in English in public places .
Some know English quite as well as you do .
Above all , use common sense on all occasions .
And remember that every American soldier is an unofficial ambassador of good will .
HINTS ON PRONOUNCING PERSIAN THESE are pronunciation hints to help you in listening to the Persian language records which have been supplied to your troop unit .
They will also help you with the pronunciation of additional words and phrases given in the vocabulary below , which are not included in the records .
There is nothing very difficult about Persian — except that you wo n't be able to read signs and newspapers you will see .
That is because the Persians use a different alphabet from ours .
Therefore , the instructions and vocabulary below are not based on the written Persian language , but are a simplified system of representing the language as it sounds .
This system contains letters for all the sounds you must make to be understood .
It does not contain letters for some of the sounds you will hear , but it will give you enough to get by on , both listening and speaking .
The sounds of Persian vary from region to region , very much as English varies in pronunciation in this country .
The dialect you will hear on the records is a northern dialect , and if you follow it you will be understood almost everywhere .
Here are a few simple rules to help you : 1 . Accents .
You know what the accented syllable of a word is , of course .
It is the syllable which is spoken louder than the other syllables in the same word .
We will show accented ( loud ) syllables in capital letters and unaccented syllables in small letters .
2 . Vowels .
These are the kind of sounds we represent in English by a , e , i , o , u , ah , ay , etc .
Just follow the key below and you will have no trouble .
a or A equals the a in pat ( Example : NA meaning " no " ) ah or AH equals the a in father ( Example : CHAHR , meaning " four " ) ay or AY equals the ay in day ( Example : sa-LAH - mun a - LAY - kum , meaning " good day " ) e or E equals the e in pet ( Example : YEK , meaning " one " ) ee or EE equals the ee in feet ( Example : BEEST meaning " twenty " ) i or I equals the i in pit ( Example : IS - mi meaning " my name is " ) aw or AW equals the aw in awful but clipped short ( Example : jawm - E meaning " Friday " ) oo or OO equals the oo in boot ( Example : mam - NOON - am meaning " thank you " ) u or U equals the u in put ( Example : khah - NUM , mean - ing " Madam or Miss " ) o or O equals the o in note ( Example : AHB-e JO meaning " beer " ) 3 . Consonants .
The consonants are all the sounds that are not vowels .
Pronounce them just as you know them in English .
All consonants should be pronounced .
Never " slight " them .
Here are some special consonant sounds to learn .
h small h is always pronounced with the h sound except after a .
Listen carefully to the h sound on the records kh is pronounced as when clearing your throat when you have to spit .
Listen carefully for it on the records gh is pronounced like kh except it is not so strong and you put your " voice " into it .
That is , a sound very much like a gentle gargle .
Listen carefully to this sound on the records sh is like the sh in show ch is like the ch in church zh is like the z in azure or the s in measure ng is like the ng in sing LIST OF MOST USEFUL WORDS AND PHRASES HERE is a list of the most useful words and phrases you will need in Persian .
You should learn these by heart .
They are the words and phrases included on the Persian language records , and appear here in the order they occur on the records .
[ English — Simplified Arabic Spelling ] Greetings and General Phrases Good day — sa-LAH - mun a - LAY - kum Sir — AH - ghah Madam — khah - NUM Miss — khah - NUM Please — khah - HESH MEE - kaw - nam Excuse me — BE - bakh - sheed Thank you — mam - NOON - am Yes — BA -le No — NA Understand me ?
— MA - RAh MEE - fa - meed I do n't understand — NA - mee - fa - mam Please , speak slowly — khah - HISH MEE - kaw - nam , aw - hes - TE HARF BE - za - NEED Location
Where is — kaw - JAHST a hotel — MEH - mahng - khah - NE Where is a hotel ?
— MEH - mahng - khah - NE kaw - JAHST a restaurant — rest - RAHN
Where is a restaurant ? — rest -RAHN kaw - JAHST railroad station — EEST -i GAHh
Where is a railroad station ?
— EEST -i GAHh kaw - JAHST a toilet — ma-BAHL
Where is a toilet ?
— ma-BAHL kaw - JAHST
Directions turn right — be RAHST BE - pee- cheed turn left — be CHAP BE - pee-cheed go straight ahead — RAHST BE - ra-veed please point — khah - HISH MEE - kaw - nam , mi-SHAHN BE - de - heed Distances are given in kilometers , not miles .
One kilometer equals 5 /8 of a mile .
kilometers — ki-lo-METR
Numbers one — YEK two — DAW three — SE four — CHAHR five — PANJ six — SHISH seven — HAFT eight — HASHT nine — NAWh ten —
DAh eleven — yahz - DAh twelve — da-vahz - DAh thirteen — seez - DAh fourteen — chahr - DAh fifteen — pahnz - DAh sixteen — shahnz - DAh seventeen — heev - DAh eighteen — heej - DAh nineteen — nooz - DAh twenty — BEEST twenty - one — BEEST - aw - YEK thirty — SEE thirty - two — SEE - aw - DO forty — che -HIL fifty — pan-JAHh sixty — SHAST seventy — haf - TAHD eighty — hash - TAHD ninety — na-VAD one hundred — SAD a thousand — he - ZAHR Designation
What is — CHEEST this — IN What 's this ?
— IN CHEEST I — MAN cigarettes — si-GAHR want — MEE - khahm I want cigarettes — MAN si-GAHR MEE - khahm to eat — BE - khaw - ram I want to eat — MAN MEE - khawm BE - khaw - ram Foods Bread — NAHN Fruit — mee-VE Water — AHB Eggs — TAWKH -me MAWRGH Meat — GUSHT Potatoes — SEEB-e za-mee - NEE
Rice dish — pi-LO Beans — loo- bee - YAH Fish — mah-HEE Milk — SHEER Beer — AHB-e JO
A glass of beer — YEK gi-LAHS AHB-e JO A cup of coffee — YEK fin-JAHN GAh-VE A cup of tea — YEK fin-JAHN chah -EE
To find out how much things cost you say :
How much ?
— CHAND Money One " ree - AHL " — YEK ree-AHL Two " ree - AHL " — DAW ree-AHL Time
What time is it ? — sah -AT CHAND ast Ten past one —
DAh da - gee - GE AZ YEK gaw - zash - TE Quarter past five — YEK RAWB AZ PANJ gaw - zash - TE Twenty past seven — BEEST da - gee - GE AZ HAFT gaw - zash - TE Half past six — SHISH - aw NEEM
Twenty of eight — BEEST da - gee - GE be HASHT MEE - mah - nad Quarter of two — YEK RAWB be DAW MEE - mah - nad What time — CHE VAKHT the movie — see - na - MAH starts — shaw - ROO MEE - sha-vad
At what time does the movie start ?
— CHE VAKHT see - na - MAH shaw - ROO MEE - sha-vad the train — mah -SHIN leave — ha-ra - KAT MEE - kaw - nad
What time does the train leave ?
— CHE VAKHT mah - SHIN ha-ra - KAT MEE - kaw - nad Today — IM - ROOZ Tomorrow — FAR - DAH Days of the Week Sunday — YEK - sham - BE Monday — DAW - sham - BE Tuesday — SE - sham - BE Wednesday — CHAHR - sham - BE Thursday — PANJ - sham - BE Friday — jawm - E Saturday — sham - BE Useful Phrases
What is your name ?
— IS - mi shaw - MAH CHEEST
My name is John — IS - mi MAN John ast How do you say " table " in Persian ? — DAR fahr - SEE table CHE MEE - goo - eed Goodbye — khaw - DAH hah - FEZ Surroundings — Natural Objects bank ( of a river ) — aw - HEL darkness — TAH - ree- KEE daytime ( light ) — ROOZ desert — SAh - RAH or bee - ah - BAHN fire — ah - TASH forest or jungle — jan - GAL woods or grove — bee - SHE grass — a - LAF ground — za-MEEN hill — ta-PE ice — YAKH lake — DAR - yah - CHE mountain — KOOH ocean — dar - YAH rain — bah - PAHN river — ROOD khan - NE snow — BARF spring or water - hole — CHEYSH -ME stars — se-tah - RE stream — ROOD sun — ahf - TAHB wind — BAHD Time day — ROOZ day after tomorrow — pas -far - DAH day before yesterday — pa-ree - ROOZ evening — av- VAL-e SI - IAB month — MAHh night — SHAB week — haf - TE year — SAHL yesterday — dee-ROOZ Persian Months March 21 to April 21 — far - var - DEEN April 21 to May 21 — or - dee - be - HISHT May 21 to June 21 — khor - DAHD June 21 to July 21 — TEER July 21 to August 21 — mor-DAHD August 21 to September 21 — SHAh - ree - VAR
September 21 to October 21 — MEhR October 21 to November 21 — ah - BAHN November 21 to December 21 — ah - ZAR December 21 to January 21 — DAY January 21 to February 21 — BAh - MAN February 21 to March 21 — is -FAND Relationships boy ( or son ) — pe-SAR brother — ba-rah - DAR child — ba-CHE daughter ( or girl ) — dukh - TAR family — KHAH - ne - vah - DE father — pe-DAR husband — sho -HAR man — MARD mother — mah - DAR sister — khah - HAR woman — ZAN Human Body arm — bah - ZOO back — PAWSHT body — ba-DAN ear — GOOSH hand — DAST head — SAR leg — SAHGH-e PAH mouth — da-HAN neck — gar -DAN eye — CHESHM finger — ang - GAWSHT foot — PAH hair — MOO nose — da-MAHGH or bee - NEE teeth — dan - dah - HAH thigh — RAHN toe — ang - GAWSHT-e PAH House and Furniture bed — TAKH - te KHAHB blanket — pa-TOO chair — san - da - LEE door — DAR house — khah - NE kitchen — AHSH - paz khah - NE mosquito net — pa-sheh - BAND quilt — la-HAHF room — aw - TAHGH stairs — pil - la - KAWN stove ( cooking place ) — baw - kha - REE table — MEEZ wall — dee-VAHR water for washing — AHB-e shaws - taw - SHOO window — pan - ja -RE Food and Drink — Tobacco cabbage — ka-LAM cauliflower — GAWL-e ka-LAM cucumbers — khee - YAHR food — khaw - RAHK grapes — an - GOOR lemons — lee -MOO watermelon — hen - de - vah - NE honeydew melon — khar - bi- ZE oranges — por-te - GHAHL pipe — se-BEEL radishes — taw - rawb - CHE salt — na-MAK sugar — she - KAR tobacco — tu-TUN tomatoes — GO - je fa-ran - GEE turnip — shal - GHAM wine — sha-RAHB Surroundings bridge — PAWL church — ka-lee - SAH mosque — mas-JED path — RAHh post - office — POST khaw - NE police post — ka - lahn - ta - REE road — RAHh city or town — SHAhR market place — bah - ZAHR shop ( store ) — dawk - KAWN street — koo-CHE village — DEh well — CHAHh Animals animal — hay - VAHN bird — pa-ran - DE camel — shaw - TAWR chicken ( hen ) — ju-JE cow — GAHV dog — SAG donkey — ow - LAHGH goat — BAWZ horse — ASB mouse or rat — MOOSH mule — kah - TER rabbit — khar - GOOSH sheep — goos - FAND snake — MAHR scorpion — agh - RAB Insects ants — MOOR or moor - CHE flies — ma-GAS fleas — KAK mosquitoes — pa-SHE lice — she - PESH spider — an - ka -BOOT bedbugs — SAHS Trades and Occupations baker — NAHN - VAH barber — sal - mah - NEE blacksmith — ah - han - GAR butcher — ghas - SAHB cook — ahsh - PAZ doctor — pe-ZEZHG farmer — zah - RE mechanic — me - kah - NEEK policeman — pahs - BAHN servant — no-KAR shoemaker — kaf - FAHSH tailor — khay - YAHT Clothing belt — ka-mar - BAND boots — chak - ME coat — KAWT gloves — dast - KESH hat — kaw - LAHh necktie — ka-rah - VAHT shirt — pee-rah - HAN shoes — KAFSH socks — joo-RAHB trousers — shal - VAHR undershirt — ZEER pee - rah - ha - NEE Adjectives good — KHOOB bad — BAD big , large , great — baw - ZAWRG small or little — koo-CHEK right — RAHST left — CHAP sick — nah - KAWSH well — KHOOB or KHAWSH hungry — gaw - raws - NE thirsty — tesh - NE black — see - YAHh white — sa-FEED red — SAWRKH blue — ah- BEE green — SABZ yellow — ZARD high — baw - LAND low — koo - TAHh deep — GOD or a -MEEGH shallow — GOD NEEST North — she - MAHL South — jaw - NOOB cold — SARD hot — GARM wet — TAR dry — KHAWSHK expensive — ge-RAHN cheap — ar - ZAHN empty — khah - LEE full — PAWR long — de-RAHZ short — koo - TAHh heavy — san-GEEN light — sa-BAWK old ( of persons ) — PEER old ( of things ) — kawh - NE new — NO young — ja-VAHN clean — PAHK dirty — ka-SEEF far — DOOR near — naz - DEEK East — SHARGH West — GHARB Pronouns , etc. we — MAH you — shaw - MAH he — OO she — OO they — awn - HAH these — in -HAH those — awn - HAH who — KEE what — CHE how many — chand - TAH how far — CHE GHADR RAH - hast anyone — KA - see everybody — HAR - kas Prepositions for — ba-RAH - ye from — AZ in — DAR or TOO ye on — ROO - ye to or up to — BE with — BAH Adverbs above — BAH - LAH again — daw - bah - RE behind — PAWSHT below — pah-EEN far — DOOR here — in - JAH in front — je-LO less — KAM more — zee - AHD near — naz - DEEK on that side — da-RAWN - ta - raf on this side — da-RIN - ta - raf there — awn - JAH very — KHAY - lee Conjunctions and — VA but — VA - lee if — a - GAR or — YAH Phrases for Every Day What date is today ?
— EM-rooz CHAND DOM-e MAH - hast
What day of the week ?
— EM -rooz CHE ROO - zeest Today is the fifth of June — EM - rooz PAN - jaw - me MAW -he JOO - ne Today is Tuesday , etc. — EM - rooz se-sham - BAST Come here — BEE - ah in - JAH Come quickly — ZOOD BEE - ah eed Go quickly — ZOOD BE - ra-veed Who are you ? — shaw - MAH KEES - teed
What do you want ?
— CHE MEE - khan - heed Bring some drinking water — GHAD - ree AHB-e khawr - da - NEE BEE - ah - reed Bring some food — GHAD - ree khaw - RAHK BEE - ah - reed How far is the camp ? — be awr - di GAHh CHE GHADR RAH - hast
How far is the water ? — be AHB CHE GHADR RAH - hast
Whose house is this ?
— in khah - NE - ye KEEST
Where is the nearest village ?
— naz - DEEK - ta-REEN
DEh kaw - JAHST Danger ! — kha- TAR Stop ! — EEST
Wait a minute — KA - mee SABR kaw - NEED
Where is a place to sleep ?
— JAH - ye khah - bee - DAN kaw - JAHST
I have n't any money — MAN HEETCH POOL NA - dah - ram I have cigarettes — MAN soc-GAHR dah - RAM I am sick — MAN nah - KHAWSH HAS - tam I am an American — MAN see - ree - kah - EE HAS - tam I am your friend — MAN DOOS - te shaw - MAH HAS - tam U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE : 1943
There are these two young fish swimming along , and they happen to meet an older fish swimming the other way , who nods at them and says , " Morning , boys , how 's the water ? "
And the two young fish swim on for a bit , and then eventually one of them looks over at the other and goes , " What the hell is water ? "
If at this moment , you 're worried that I plan to present myself here as the wise old fish explaining what water is to you younger fish , please do n't be .
I am not the wise old fish .
The immediate point of the fish story is that the most obvious , ubiquitous , important realities are often the ones that are the hardest to see and talk about .
Stated as an English sentence , of course , this is just a banal platitude -- but the fact is that , in the day - to - day trenches of adult existence , banal platitudes can have life - or - death importance .
That may sound like hyperbole , or abstract nonsense .
A huge percentage of the stuff that I tend to be automatically certain of is , it turns out , totally wrong and deluded .
Here 's one example of the utter wrongness of something I tend to be automatically sure of : Everything in my own immediate experience supports my deep belief that I am the absolute center of the universe , the realest , most vivid and important person in existence .
We rarely talk about this sort of natural , basic self - centeredness , because it 's so socially repulsive , but it 's pretty much the same for all of us , deep down .
It is our default - setting , hard - wired into our boards at birth .
Think about it :
There is no experience you 've had that you were not at the absolute center of .
The world as you experience it is right there in front of you , or behind you , to the left or right of you , on your TV , or your monitor , or whatever .
Other people 's thoughts and feelings have to be communicated to you somehow , but your own are so immediate , urgent , real -- you get the idea .
But please do n't worry that I 'm getting ready to preach to you about compassion or other - directedness or the so - called " virtues . "
This is not a matter of virtue -- it 's a matter of my choosing to do the work of somehow altering or getting free of my natural , hard - wired default - setting , which is to be deeply and literally self - centered , and to see and interpret everything through this lens of self .
People who can adjust their natural default - setting this way are often described as being " well adjusted , " which I suggest to you is not an accidental term .
Given the triumphal academic setting here , an obvious question is how much of this work of adjusting our default - setting involves actual knowledge or intellect .
This question gets tricky .
Probably the most dangerous thing about college education , at least in my own case , is that it enables my tendency to over - intellectualize stuff , to get lost in abstract arguments inside my head instead of simply paying attention to what 's going on right in front of me .
Paying attention to what 's going on inside me .
As I 'm sure you guys know by now , it is extremely difficult to stay alert and attentive instead of getting hypnotized by the constant monologue inside your own head .
Twenty years after my own graduation , I have come gradually to understand that the liberal - arts cliché about " teaching you how to think " is actually shorthand for a much deeper , more serious idea : " Learning how to think " really means learning how to exercise some control over how and what you think .
It means being conscious and aware enough to choose what you pay attention to and to choose how you construct meaning from experience .
Because if you cannot exercise this kind of choice in adult life , you will be totally hosed .
Think of the old cliché about " the mind being an excellent servant but a terrible master . "
This , like many clichés , so lame and unexciting on the surface , actually expresses a great and terrible truth .
It is not the least bit coincidental that adults who commit suicide with firearms almost always shoot themselves in the head .
And the truth is that most of these suicides are actually dead long before they pull the trigger .
And I submit that this is what the real , no - bull - value of your liberal - arts education is supposed to be about :
How to keep from going through your comfortable , prosperous , respectable adult life dead , unconscious , a slave to your head and to your natural default - setting of being uniquely , completely , imperially alone , day in and day out .
A deep rift over anti-terror policy has opened up within Pakistan 's political class , as extremist violence and an economic crisis push the country to the verge of collapse .
A special session of parliament called by the government to forge a political consensus on the " war on terror " has backfired spectacularly as parties , including some in the ruling coalition , denounced the alliance with Washington and Nato rather than backing the army to take on the Pakistani Taliban .
A party in the coalition government , the religious Jamiat - Ulama - I - Islam party , has even demanded that , as parliamentarians had received a presentation from the army , Pakistan 's Taliban movement should also be allowed to address them .
It comes as the political and economic situation worsens , with intensified suicide bomb attacks and an alarming depletion in Pakistan 's foreign exchange reserves .
The country is seeking an emergency $ 10 bn bailout from the international community , while a severe shortage of electricity is crippling business and punishing households .
Critics of the government , which is led by controversial president Asif Ali Zardari , complain that there is a paralysis of decision - making and policy .
A leaked US top secret National Intelligence Estimate on Pakistan concludes that the country is " on the edge " .
A US official was quoted summing up the assessment as " no money , no energy , no government " .
Yesterday a US missile strike inside Pakistan 's tribal border area with Afghanistan killed up to six suspected militants , and a suicide attack on a police station in the north - west killed three officers and wounded 15 .
The economic nosedive will aid recruitment to extremist groups , experts fear , and force more poor families to send their children to the free madrassa schools , which offer an exclusively religious curriculum .
Inflation is running at 25 % , or up to 100 % for many staple food items , and unemployment is growing , pushing millions more into poverty .
The rupee has lost around 30 % of its value so far this year .
" The canvas of terrorism is expanding by the minute , " said Faisal Saleh Hayat , a former interior minister .
" It 's not only ideological motivation .
Put that together with economic deprivation and you have a ready - made force of Taliban , al - Qaida , whatever you want to call them .
You will see suicide bombers churned out by the hundred , " he said .
The army is engaged in a bloody operation against militants in Bajaur , part of the tribal border area , and in Swat , a valley in the north - west .
The Pakistani Taliban is closely tied to al - Qaida and is entrenched across the tribal belt with much of the north - west in its grip .
Other militant groups have networks that span the entire country .
But there have been some positive security developments .
An editorial yesterday in The News , a Pakistani daily , asks readers to " stand against terror " , pointing out that some groups of tribesmen in the north - west have raised their own militias to fight the Taliban .
It also wrote about a meeting of Islamic scholars in the eastern city of Lahore this week that issued a fatwa ( edict ) against suicide bombings .
The Pakistan People 's party , which leads the coalition government that came to power in March after over eight years of army rule , had hoped to get parliamentarians behind the military action .
An army general gave a confidential briefing to members of parliament .
But the biggest opposition party , led by former prime minister Nawaz Sharif , called for the government to start talks instead with the extremists , without any preconditions .
" The majority of the people of Pakistan do not see it as our war .
We are fighting for somebody else and we are suffering because of that , " said Tariq Azim , a former minister in the previous government of Pervez Musharraf , whose party now sits in the opposition .
" At the moment the only ones toeing the line are the People 's party . "
Members of parliament are particularly angered by recent signals from Washington that it is prepared to talk to the Afghan Taliban , while telling Pakistan that it must fight its Taliban menace .
" They [ the US ] are showing a lot more flexibility on their side of the border , " said Khurram Dastagir , a member of parliament for Sharif 's party .
" The US are trying to externalise their failure in Afghanistan by dumping it on us . "
It seems that the best the People 's party can hope for is a mildly - worded resolution in parliament , with a thin majority , far short of the consensus it sought at a time when the very existence of Pakistan is in peril from the threat of extremists .
Some parliamentarians , including the Awami National party , which is in the ruling coalition and based in the insurgency - plagued north - west , questioned whether the army was sincere in pursuing the extremists .
" There are still training camps , still [ terrorist ] sanctuaries , still cross - border movement in the tribal area , " said Bushra Gohar , senior vice - president of the Awami National party .
" There 's duplicity , at some level , in our policies . "
Skip to comments .
' Jesus was a Palestinian , ' claims U.S. history text
World Net Daily ^ | October 03 , 2008 | Bob Unruh
Posted on by Sopater
A new study reveals that if Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wanted to criticize the nation of Israel before the United Nations , he could use American public school textbooks to do so .
" It is shocking to find the kind of misinformation we discovered in American textbooks and supplemental materials being used by schools in every state in the country , " said Dr. Gary Tobin , president of the Institute for Jewish & Community Research and a co-author of the study .
" Elected officials at every level should investigate how these offensive passages are creeping into our textbooks .
Presenting false information in the classroom undermines the very foundation of the American educational system , " he said .
Tobin teamed with insititute research associate Dennis Ybarra for the study , titled , " The Trouble with Textbooks : Distorting History and Religion . "
The five - year effort , which looked at 28 prominent history , geography and social studies textbooks , reveals American public school students are being loaded up with indoctrination about Christianity , Judaism , Islam and the Middle East , to the cost of Christianity and Judaism and the benefit of Islam .
The study also supports other assessments of U.S. texts on which WND has reported .
( Excerpt ) Read more at worldnetdaily.com ...
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
Government
Philosophy
KEYWORDS :
aclumia
agitprop
antisemitism
education
godsgravesglyphs
homeschool
indoctrination
islaminamerica
israel
jesus
jesusofpalestine
littleredschoolhouse
palestinianjesus
propalestinianwar
publicschool
publicschools
religiousleducation
revisionisthistory
scottforesman
theworld
To : Sopater
Lafayette was French .
To : Sopater
Yea and Frederick Douglas spoke Ebonics .
Comment # 4 Removed by Moderator
To : Sopater
Jesus was a Jew , a citizen of Israel which was , at that time , occupied by the Romans .
To : Sopater
Stupidity reins rampant .
The word Palestine comes from the work Philistine .
The Philistines were the traditional enemies of the Jews .
Jesus of course was a Jew , not a Philistine .
Quoting from Wikopedia : “ The Romans joined the province of Judea ( which already included Samaria ) together with Galilee to form a new province , called Syria Palaestina , to complete the disassociation with Judaea . ”
In other words the Roman used the term to delegitimize Judea .
To : Sopater
and philistines rule the schools
by 7 posted onby silverleaf ( Fasten your seat belts - it 's going to be a BUMPY ride . )
To : Blennos
Jesus was a Jew , a citizen of Israel which was , at that time , occupied by the Romans .
That 's what my history book says .
That 's what my history book says .
by 8 posted onby Sopater ( The Left taketh , and the Left giveth away ... )
To : Sopater
And Jesse Jackson , Al Sharpton and Jeremiah Wright are men of God .
To : Sopater
And the Romans would agree to boot .
To : Sopater
I 'm wondering if SF writers Robert Heinlein and Frank Herbert were prescient ...
Both predicted that islam would be the dominant religion in the future .
I wonder if they believed it would be because islam would conquer Christianity and Judaism , or if they 'd just surrender .
Mark
by 11 posted onby MarkL ( Al Gore : The Greenhouse Gasbag ! ( heard on Bob Brinker 's Money Talk ) )
To : Sopater
Since Christians believe Jesus was the son of God , conceived through “ Immaculate Conception ” , He surely was neither a Jew nor a Philistine .
To : webrover
The Immaculate Conception refers to the conception of Mary .
by 13 posted onby happinesswithoutpeace ( You are receiving this broadcast as a dream )
To : Sopater ; betty boop ; metmom ; valkyry1 ; MrB ; Arthur Wildfire !
March ; Fichori ; Elsie
It ’s time for Americans to stop the godless liberal NEA from wrecking our country !
by 14 posted onby tpanther ( All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing .
Edmund Burke )
To : Sopater
Jesus was a Jew .
by 15 posted onby weegee ( Obama 's a uniter ? " I want you to argue with them ( friends , neighbors , Republicans ) & get in their face " )
To : mothball
Do n’t forget Al Gore ’s pal , Fred Phelps ( D ) .
by 16 posted onby weegee ( Obama 's a uniter ? " I want you to argue with them ( friends , neighbors , Republicans ) & get in their face " )
To : Sopater
Earliest Reference Describes Christ
As ' magician '
" A bowl , dating to between the late 2nd century B.C. and the early 1st century A.D. , is engraved with what may be the world 's first known reference to Christ .
The engraving reads , " DIA CHRSTOU O GOISTAIS , " which has been interpreted to mean either , " by Christ the magician " or , " the magician by Christ . "
To : happinesswithoutpeace
OOps .
Make that miraculous virgin conception .
Gimme a break it 's early :)
To : webrover
lolz np
by 19 posted onby happinesswithoutpeace ( You are receiving this broadcast as a dream )
To : blam
" ... A bowl , dating to between the late 2nd century B.C. and the early 1st century A.D. , is engraved with what may be the world 's first known reference to Christ ... "
This is a joke , right ?
Kind of like Biden explaining how FDR went on TV in 1930 ?
I rather suspect that if the bowl has a reference to a man born in the year 0 , it LIKELY would n't have been made 200 years before the man was born .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Damien Carrick : Now from secrets that get lifted from government , to how you and I sometimes inadvertently hand over information or money to con men .
How do scammers manage to convince people to hand over their hard - earned cash ?
To find the answer , perhaps we could talk to a police officer or a criminologist .
But someone with a lateral take is magician Nicholas Johnson .
He reckons that both magicians and scammers use the same box of tools : psychology and sleight of hand .
In fact he 's studied the dark arts of the scamster , and has some suggestions on how to stop your money from going up in smoke .
Nicholas Johnson : I think what I love most about con artists and the world of scammers is that they 're criminals who manage to get their victims to hand over their possessions freely .
Most thieves and robbers and the like , tend to use force , or deception , in order for them to take things , whereas a con artist manages to get their victim to freely give up their stuff .
And I think that 's what really fascinates me the most .
Damien Carrick :
What makes people susceptible to con men ?
Nicholas Johnson :
The main thing that really makes people susceptible to con artists is the idea that we 're going to get something for nothing .
So it really buys into our greed ; it buys into sometimes our lust , and at the same time , sometimes even our sense that we 're going to do something good , so we 're going to get a great feeling from helping someone out , we 're going to make some money , we 're going to meet a beautiful girl — it really ties into our basest desires , and that 's what the con artist relies on .
There was a study done in the UK just in train stations .
They would go up to people and ask them to do a survey , and said ' If you could just answer these ten questions , we will give you a free pen at the end . '
And one of the questions was ' What is your security number ? '
So your PIN , or your email number and so on .
And a whopping percentage of people were more than happy to hand over that information to a complete stranger in a train station , in exchange for a free pen , because the person looked like they were official .
Damien Carrick : Not much of a bargain .
Nicholas Johnson :
Not much of a bargain , no , it was a pretty nice pen , though .
[ On stage : I think it 's important that if you are going to be a con artist that you learn how to lie to people .
So what I thought we should do is actually bring up here on the stage some of the best liars in the room and see whether we can spot who 's really good at it , and who 's really bad at it .
So I 'm just going to have a look .
Just by looking at people who here looks as if they may be a good liar .
So we 're looking for people with sort of cold , dead eyes , the kind of people who would just stab you for your Metlink card .
Oh , right there , brilliant , fantastic .
Come up , and give him a big round of applause .
Fantastic ... ]
Most con artists rely on this idea that the victim is in control .
The victim is the one who is controlling the situation .
So a great example of that is the classic Nigerian email scam , the person who writes to you and says , ' I 've got this money that I need to get out of the country , and I need your help . '
So you 're in control , you can help them , you can do a good deed , you can make some money , you 've got this fantastic opportunity , and the con artist needs your help .
It 's not the con artist doing you a favour .
So really , you feel like you 're the one who 's controlling the situation when really it 's the con artist who knows the real deal .
On stage :
That 's a good guess , that is a very good guess .
It 's not a correct guess , you owe me $ 2 .
No , no , no , we 'll settle up at the end of the night , that 's fine .
OK ?
What you really should have done is to actually bet on this one over here , but it 's completely up to you whether you want to call me a liar and bet over here or whether you want to go with my choice which is right there .
So what 's it going to be ?
Are you going to bet there , or are you going to bet there ?
Am I telling the truth , or am I lying ?
OK , you do realise I 'm a con man , that 's $ 4 you owe me , OK , it 's actually right there . ]
Damien Carrick :
Now you cut your teeth around carnival people and circus people , but have you also spoken to , or learned skills from the Real McCoy , the actual con men , the actual criminals ?
Nicholas Johnson :
Yes , I think the real con artists are the people who can really teach you the most .
You can read books about it , you can talk to people who've had experience , the victims , but unless you can really get inside the mind of a con artist , you really wo n't ever understand exactly how it works .
I 've communicated a lot with some of the Nigerian scammers , the people who write those emails , because if they think maybe they 're going to make a few dollars , they 're always happy to spill the beans .
And it 's amazing that most of those people see it as a legitimate job .
For them it's a bit like being a telemarketer , they 're just working in an office , in a cubicle , sending out emails , trying to get leads just like a salesperson .
Damien Carrick :
And they were happy to have an email dialogue with you ?
Nicholas Johnson :
They were , yes , but obviously they were fairly cagey about exact details of who they were and what they were doing , but I was surprised , many of them admitted that they were working for organised crime figures and organisations in their home country of Nigeria , and many of them were quite happy to say that they worked on commission and they made a bit of money based on how much money they brought in , and they were quite upfront about it .
I think for a lot of con artists they 're very proud of their work , and they like people to know exactly what they 've gotten away with .
Damien Carrick :
Tell me about some of the conversations you 've had with people here in Australia .
Nicholas Johnson : I 've met up with a few people who are pickpockets , and do small scale short cons , so they 're the cons which are done on the street , door - to - door , some of them are people who 've been caught and gone to jail and done their time , but some of them are still out there , and I was surprised how willing they were to sit down and have a beer and actually discuss what they do .
The real thing I think about the Australian con artist , the ones we have here in Australia , particularly the short cons is that it 's very much about personality , it 's really — they love to buy into that whole idea of that sort of the larrikin Australian and the joker and the trickster that we love so much , and for many of them , they really feel like even if they get caught , or even if they do n't get away with it , they feel like they 're giving their victim a good story , you know , something to dine out over , something to discuss down at the pub .
They think that 's OK , you can scam somebody out of a couple of hundred bucks , because they 're getting a good story in return .
Damien Carrick :
That 's one way of getting to sleep at night I guess .
Nicholas Johnson : Yes , it is interesting the justifications that con artists use .
Some say it 's a job , just like any other , ' I 'm no different from a used car salesman , I 'm selling a dream instead of selling a car . '
So I like that one .
The other explanation is , ' You ca n't con an honest man . '
Now that 's this idea that because you 're buying into people 's greed and their gluttony and their lust and so on , that those people are guilty .
The victim is just as guilty as the con artist , and therefore they get what 's coming to them . '
Of course we know that 's just not true and that it 's really just an excuse that they 're using .
Damien Carrick :
Tell me about some of these short cons that the Australian people that you 've spoken to engage in .
Nicholas Johnson : Sure .
My all - time favourite one only makes the con artist a few dollars every time he does it , but I absolutely love it .
These guys used to go door - to - door in the 1970s selling lightbulbs and they would offer to replace every single lightbulb in your house , so all your old lightbulbs would be replaced with a brand new lightbulb , and it would cost you , say $ 5 , so a fraction of the cost of what new lightbulbs would cost .
So the man comes in , he replaces each lightbulb , every single one in the house , and does it , you can check , and they all work , and then he takes all the lightbulbs that he 's just taken from the person 's house , goes next door and then sells them the same lightbulbs again .
So it 's really just moving lightbulbs from one house to another and charging people a fee to do it .
But there 's all sorts of those homemaker scams , people offering to seal your roof so they say , ' We 'll put a fresh coat of tar on your roof ' , or ' We 'll re-seal your driveway ' .
In actual fact all they do is get old black sump oil and smooth it over the roof or smooth it over the driveway .
You come home and it looks like wet tar , and so ' Do n't step on it for 24 hours ' , and of course 24 hours later they 're long gone with the money , and you 're left with a sticky , smelly driveway .
Damien Carrick :
You 've spoken to some of the con artists .
Have you ever spoken to any of the victims ?
Nicholas Johnson : I have .
I 've spoken to a lot of victims .
I get a lot of emails from victims and for me , I really love the world of the con artist and I have a real grudging respect for what they do , and I love hearing the stories .
But hearing from the victims , you really realise that these scams have a real financial and emotional impact on the people involved .
I spoke to a man just the other day who'd lost $ 5,000 investing in what he thought was an internet marketing company , and it was just a scam , it was basically an American - based pyramid scheme where the only way you make money is of course to try and convince other people to sign up to the scam .
And he was absolutely heartbroken .
He could afford to lose the money , for him it was only a few thousand dollars , but it was n't that he lost the money that upset him so much , it was the fact that he really lost control , that he thought he was in control of what was going on , and that he really felt like that he could n't trust the internet , could n't trust other people making particular offers to him , that he could n't really trust himself and his decision - making abilities .
And that 's really I think for a lot of people , where they feel the hardest hit .
[ On stage : All right , so we 're going to bet them .
Here we go .
You bet $ 1 and then I see your dollar and raise $ 10 , then you bet $ 10 I bet $ 100 , and then I bet $ 1,000 , then it 'll be your shoes , I bet my jacket , you bet your wife , I bet my first - born child .
We put everything we own on the table , I reach into my pocket , put my last dollar down on the table and call , What do you have ? '
Two sixes .
Yes , I think I 've got you beat , because I have one , two , three , four , five , six of a kind .
Six kings , ladies and gentlemen .
Give him a big round of applause though anyway .
Thank you very much for playing .
Thank you . ]
Damien Carrick :
When I saw your show the other night , you hammered a nail up your nostril and it was horrible , it was funny , and it was compelling .
And how common are scams involving that kind of physical illusion , and what kinds of motivations do they have ?
Nicholas Johnson : Sure .
What you 're referring to there is what they call ' psychic surgery ' , so you 'll see photographs of people and video of people reaching inside somebody 's stomach , blood spurting everywhere , they 'll pull out a tumour which they 'll throw into a bowl , wave their hands over the person 's stomach and they 're instantly as good as new and restored with absolutely no cut whatsoever .
Or in the case of the nail in the head , they 'll get a nail and actually hammer it into somebody 's face , just below the nostrils , that 's sticking out horizontal .
You maybe get a pair of forceps and sort of force them in there and pretend to pull something out , and these kind of gruesome , disgusting displays are so compelling to watch and so intense to experience that people feel that it must be doing you some good , it must be medical and it must be worth paying for .
And sadly , lots of people hand over cash for these bogus operations .
Damien Carrick :
And that happens here in Australia , or are we talking about vulnerable uneducated people in Third World countries ?
Nicholas Johnson : No , it happens all over Australia .
We had a guy in the Western Suburbs of Sydney trying to pull this a few years ago , and he was using a technique and a particular device which can be bought for $ 10 from any magic shop .
So it 's like a magic trick , and he was using it in order to pretend to be reaching into someone 's stomach and pulling out guts and disgusting things .
So it happens in Australia , it happens overseas more often , however because people in Western countries have perhaps more money and more resources , what happens is you 'll get tour organisers will get together and they will get a group of people who are very sick and actually fly over to the countries , pay thousands of dollars , say in the Philippines , get themselves ' cured ' , and then come back to Australia .
So you 've actually got not only are the people performing the surgery making money , you have tour operators , hotel operators and various other people along the chain actually making money from the sick and the vulnerable , even though they 're not performing the scam themselves .
Damien Carrick : Magician Nicholas Johnson , who likes to refer to himself as ' Australia 's Honest Con Man ' .
Damien Carrick : That 's The Law Report for this week .
A big Thank You to producer Erica Vowles and also to technical producer , Joel Church .
When Wells Fargo reported third - quarter earnings last week – which beat Wall Street expectations by a few pennies – investors cheered , and watched the bank ’s shares keep most of the 9 percent gain they had pocketed the previous day .
But banking and mortgage - sector analysts cast a wary eye on the San Francisco - based bank .
That ’s because Wells Fargo , despite booking a near $ 1 billion increase in non-performing loans in the third quarter compared to the previous three - month period , cut its loan - loss reserve by $ 500 million .
The slick accounting moves , while perfectly legal , gave a false impression of just how strong Wells Fargo ’s balance sheet actually was , the analysts said in separate interviews and reports last week .
“ Wells Fargo are pretenders , ” said a trader at one top hedge fund , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is afraid of trouble from the Securities and Exchange Commission , in light of the regulatory body ’s recent threat to prosecute short sellers .
The trader said trimming the loan - loss reserves had the effect of boosting profits , which in turn boosted its share price , which in turn made it easier for the bank to successfully move forward with a move it announced this week to raise $ 20 billion of capital .
Meredith Whitney , a banking analyst with Oppenheimer , maintained a sell rating on Wells Fargo , even after the surprise third - quarter profit , in large part because she feels it is not adequately prepared for losses on its residential - mortgage portfolio .
The Field Check Group , which measures real - time residential defaults in California – where Wells Fargo has over 30 percent of its $ 74 billion first - lien mortgage portfolio – reports the default rate on loans originated by Wells Fargo ’s in 2008 is running 237 percent above last year .
That is just under the increases seen by Indymac Bank ( 239 percent ) and over Countrywide ( 226 percent ) .
IndyMac was seized by regulators , and Countrywide was forced into a takeover by Bank of America .
Because of the eroding quality of its loan portfolio , Paul Miller , an analyst for Friedman , Billings , Ramsey & Co. , believes Well Fargo will have to add up to $ 2 billion in provision expenses next quarter – money set aside to cover bad loans .
On Friday , Moody ’s , the ratings agency which has Wells Fargo on review for a possible downgrade , said it was looking at the quality of the bank ’s loan portfolio and its future capital structure .
Moody ’s noted that Wells Fargo ’s loan - loss reserves are at 101 % of annualized quarterly credit losses , which is below some of its peers .
The cut in the loan - loss reserve in the face of an increase in non-performing loans is not the first thing Wells Fargo has done this year to raise eyebrows on Wall Street .
Earlier this year , Wells Fargo increased to 180 days from 120 days the amount of time they take to book second - lien loans , that is , home - equity loans , as not paying .
The move helped keep down the default rate in the second quarter .
Martin Weiss , of Weiss Research , which covers the mortgage industry , says Wells Fargo ’s loan - loss reserves are thin , but in line with what their actual losses were in the third quarter .
The issue , he said , is “ with market conditions changing in weeks instead of months or years , real - time defaults on mortgages are the most important measure that banks and analyst should be looking at now to measure future losses . ”
Weiss points out , after reviewing Wells third - quarter earnings and the call reports the bank publishes on defaults and losses to its regulators , “ Wells is not being proactive enough in its estimates for future losses , and it should be . ”
Wells Fargo refused to comment specifically about the analysts comments and referred questions to the company ’s third quarter results .
Now , here at Hecklerspray sometimes even we have to hold our hands up and give begrudging praise where it is due .
So it is with a heavy heart that even we have to concede that Top Gear is a fantastic TV show .
It ’s so good even people who are n’t particularly interested in cars like it .
For God ’s sake , even our mums like it .
It ’s that good .
In fact , it ’s so good , it can even afford to have that annoying , smug , pubic - haired twit Jeremy Clarkson in it – and still be good .
It ’s that good .
But do n’t just take our word for it .
Take a look at the show ’s best moments and judge for yourselves .
And if you have some suggestions of you own , please let us know .
14 . Beating the Germans
OK , but beating the Germans should always be enjoyed .
13 . Killing a Toyota pick - up
Toyota – the Rasputin of pick - up trucks .
12 . Car darts
Darts with cars – brilliant .
11 . Crossing The Channel
The only way to cross The Channel .
10 . The Ariel Atom
Clarkson becomes even more grotesque than normal .
9. Bugatti Veyron v Eurofighter Typhoon
A car racing a plane ?
Does n’t seem like a fair challenge .
8. Football , with cars !
Cars and football – genius !!
7. Richard Hammond ’s return
It ’s an emotional return for The Hamster after he almost died in a high speed crash .
Hankies out .
6. The Top Gear Winter Olympics
The Winter Olympics was never this interesting .
5 . The car v the tank
We ’d all like to shoot Jeremy Clarkson with a tank .
4 . The Arctic adventure
Richard Hammond by sled , Jeremy Clarkson and James May by car .
Who will win the race to the North Pole ?
Are we the only people who wished Jeremy Clarkson had frozen to death ?
3 . The Reliant Robin space shuttle
A Reliant Robin suddenly becomes interesting .
2. Turning a car into a boat
Turning cars into boats !
Water a great idea !!
Get it ?
1. The American road trip
Welcome to the United States .
Welcome to TV gold !
For the full episode , click below .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOyDLUzAAOY
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2syY12OPkwI
ADVERT
Political scientists give Obama 80 % chance of victory Nick Juliano and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday October 16 , 2008
Print This Email This Models predicted Bush win in '04 Even before the current economic turmoil steered more voters towards Barack Obama , political scientists were predicting the Democratic candidate would win the presidency .
Election forecasts completed this year give Obama an 80 percent chance of victory .
Just one of nine forecast models being published this month predicts John McCain will win , and that model relies heavily on poll results inflated by the substantial bounce that running mate Sarah Palin briefly provided the Republican ticket .
Between January and September , political scientists began comparing statistics including economic data , the candidate 's poll numbers , President Bush 's approval ratings and other figures to create statistical models aimed at forecasting the 2008 election results .
Nine models are being published this month in the journal of the American Political Science Association .
Of the nine models , six predict an Obama victory , with three of those predicting a landslide .
Another two are too close to call .
The models also weigh the probability of their predicted outcomes ; the median result predicts an 80 percent chance Obama will win .
The same journal published similar models before the 2004 election .
Six of seven forecasts predicted President Bush would win ( the seventh predicted Bush would receive 49.9 percent of the vote ) .
Statistician Nate Silver , who blogs at FiveThirtyEight.com , predicts a 95 percent chance Obama will win , and the political exchange market Intrade puts Obama 's chances above 85 percent .
The earliest of the predictions to be published in the political science journal , from January 2008 , was based on the degree of support for each of the candidates in early primaries , and showed a too - close - to - call result , with of 50.1 % of the popular vote goting to Obama and 49.9 % to McCain .
Five predictions from last summer basically treated the election as a referendum on both President Bush and the state of the economy .
Four of those showed Obama winning comfortably with anything between 52.2 % and 58.2 % of the popular vote .
The fifth came up with a raw figure of 56.57 % for Obama but then lowered it to a virtual tie to reflect the impact of race on voters ' preferences .
Two other predictions from July and August , which used more complex statistical models based on federal and state factors , also predicted an Obama victory with 52 % or 53 % of the vote .
The only prediction of a McCain victory came in September and combined second - quarter economic figures with the Gallup Poll numbers from Labor Day -- which was the scheduled first day of the Republican National Convention and just three days after McCain 's attention - getting announcement of Sarah Palin as his running - mate .
It showed McCain gaining 52.7 % of the popular vote .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea ’s military threatened on Tuesday to use everything in its arsenal to reduce South Korea to rubble unless Seoul stops civic groups from sending anti-Pyongyang leaflets into the communist state .
North Korean soldiers clap their hands at an undisclosed location in North Korea in a picture released by KCNA on August 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS /KCNA
The North has lashed out at the South ’s president who took office in February for his pledges to get tough with his neighbor and has been enraged by a fresh wave of propaganda leaflets sent by balloons launched in the South in recent months .
“ We clarify our stand that should the South Korean puppet authorities continue scattering leaflets and conducting a smear campaign with sheer fabrications , our army will take a resolute practical action as we have already warned , ” the official KCNA news agency quoted the military spokesman as saying .
At a rare round of military talks on Monday , North Korea complained about the leaflets while South Korean activists sent a new batch of 100,000 , despite warnings from Seoul not to do so .
“ The puppet authorities had better bear in mind that the advanced pre-emptive strike of our own style will reduce everything opposed to the nation and reunification to debris , not just setting them on fire , ” the spokesman said .
South Korean groups have been sending the leaflets into the North for years .
Analysts said the recent wave appeared to have touched a nerve because they mentioned a taboo subject in the North -- the health of leader Kim Jong -il .
U.S. and South Korean officials have said Kim may have suffered a stroke in August , raising questions about who was running Asia ’s only communist dynasty and making decisions concerning its nuclear arms program .
North Korea mostly refrained from threatening the South when it was receiving a steady stream of unconditional aide under liberal presidents who ruled for 10 years before President Lee Myung - bak .
But it has unleashed a torrent of insults at Lee , who wants to tie handouts to progress the North makes in nuclear disarmament , calling him a traitor to the nation .
About six months ago , it threatened to reduce the South to ashes .
Some experts said the onslaught of rhetoric might signal that the North ’s patience was running thin and it could start a skirmish with the South , without launching a full - scale strike .
“ North Korea could seize on a small accident or unintended intrusion on land or at sea and escalate it into a localized military clash , which would ultimately pose a serious security threat on the Korean peninsula as a whole , ” said Koh Yu-hwan , an expert at Dongguk University in Seoul .
The leaflets sent on Monday were printed in water - proof ink on plastic sheets and carried the names of South Korean civilians and prisoners of war believed to be held in the North as well as a family tree the civic groups said maps Kim ’s relationships with several women who bore him children .
A North Korean defector now leading the leaflet campaign in the South , Pak Sang - hak , said he had no plans to stop sending the airborne messages .
He said North Koreans were unaware of Kim ’s actual personal life , which makes Pyongyang ’s propaganda apparatus worried about anything that cuts into the cult of personality it has built for its “ Dear Leader . ”
French record labels have received the green light to sue four US - based companies that develop P2P applications , including the BitTorrent client Vuze , Limewire and Morpheus .
Shareaza is the fourth application , for which the labels are going after the open source development platform SourceForge .
Société civile des Producteurs de Phonogrammes en France ( SPPF ) , an umbrella group for several record labels in France , claims that the four file - sharing applications facilitate mass copyright infringement .
Although the companies ( and applications ) themselves have nothing to do with copyright infringement , SPPF believes it has a strong case .
The record labels argue that the Vuze and the others are knowingly distributing software with the purpose to permit unauthorized access to copyrighted works .
In essence they are saying that everything , or every application which allows a user to share files , will be indeed used for illegal purposes .
In contrast , in the US , companies that do n’t encourage their users to commit copyright infringement with their applications , are not acting illegally .
SPPF had already sued the various companies and organizations last year , but until now it has been unclear whether the US based companies behind the applications could be prosecuted under French law .
A French court has now ruled that this is indeed possible , which means that they can proceed to court .
Recent French legislation which inspired the labels to go after the P2P companies , suggests that all P2P applications must have a feature to block the transfer of unauthorized copyright works .
The clients that are sued by SPPF obviously do n’t have such a feature .
In fact , it is questionable whether it would be technically possible to develop such a filter .
Nevertheless , SPPF demands it , and is claiming millions of dollars in damages for lost revenue .
Vuze CEO Gilles BianRosa stated in a response to TorrentFreak , “ While we appreciate the intent of the new French law , we believe SPPF ’s complaint is misguided .
Vuze is dedicated to the distribution of legitimate content using new technology .
In that sense , our interests are aligned with the interests of all content owners , including SPPF ’s members , against piracy . ”
“ We are disappointed that SPPF has taken this approach , given that our business is dedicated to the distribution of legitimate content , ” BianRosa added .
“ SPPF ’s claims against Vuze are simply wrong .
The Vuze business complies fully with both French and American law .
The recent ruling of the French Court was solely on a jurisdictional issue , not on any merits , and we believe it is in error . ”
Interestingly , SPPF is also going after Sourceforge , the open source development website , because it hosts the P2P application Shareaza .
Putting aside the discussion on the responsibilities of application developers for their users activities , the decision to go after SourceForge for hosting a application that can potentially infringe , is stretching credibility beyond all bounds ”
Meanwhile , Vuze has appealed the decision .
Separately , the company is suing SPPF for defamation based upon several false and harmful statements made by SPPF about Vuze .
A different French Court has denied SPPF ’s attempt to derail those claims recently , and is allowing the defamation lawsuit to proceed .
If SPPF succeeds in their case against organizations running the four P2P applications , FTP software and Internet browsers might be next , if they do n’t go after Ubuntu and other operating systems first .
Perhaps it is even better to shut down the Internet entirely .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - From bankers to factory staff , workers in the West face the bleak prospect of losing their jobs as a global recession starts to bite .
For colleagues in the East , the pain is more likely to come through a pay cut .
An employee works at a workshop of a textile factory in Suining , Sichuan province October 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Human resource experts say cultural differences explain why Asian firms try harder to preserve jobs in difficult times , which will stem unemployment and may help keep Asian economies afloat at a time of slowing exports .
The more paternalistic East Asian attitude may also make it easier for firms to recover quickly from the economic downturn since they will not need to rehire or train new staff , leaving some experts predicting a Western shift to Eastern flexibility .
“ In the Confucian mindset , the right thing to do is to share the burden .
There ’s that sense of collective responsibility whereas in the West , it ’s more about individual survival , ” said Michael Benoliel , associate professor of organizational behavior at Singapore Management University ( SMU ) .
In Hong Kong , senior staff at CLSA , the Asian brokerage arm of Credit Agricole , have agreed to a voluntary pay cut of up to 25 per cent to stave off the threat of redundancy .
CLSA made similar cuts in 2003 when business slowed due to SARS .
A Western CLSA employee , who declined to be identified , told Reuters he accepted the cut because he would have looked like “ scum ” in the eyes of his colleagues if he did not agree .
Singapore ’s Chartered Semiconductor also implemented temporary salary reductions of 5 - 20 percent after posting a loss , with senior management taking the biggest hit .
And in Japan , chipmaker Elpida cut its chief executive ’s pay by 50 percent .
Steven Pang , Asia regional director for Aquent , a headhunting firm , said in many East Asian companies there was an obligation “ to take care of members of the family and go through the pain together ” even if that meant incurring losses .
In contrast , Western counterparts often felt compelled to make dramatic statements to show investors they were serious about cost - cutting , Pang said .
U.S. firms from General Motors to Goldman
Sachs plan to lay off workers by the thousands , but at the Asian units of Western multinationals , job cuts will probably be less severe .
Firms have to adapt labor practices according to the countries they operate in , which means they tend to be more restrained when sacking staff lest it hurt their ability to sell products and attract people , Benoliel said .
JOB FLEXIBILITY
Mark Ellwood , who heads the Singapore , Malaysian and Thai operations of Robert Walters , an executive search firm , said labor laws in most Western nations favored employees and made it difficult for firms to reduce salaries without attracting lawsuits from disgruntled employees .
“ In many cases , it ’s easier to make the retrenchments . ”
Employment law in East Asia tended to favor employers , allowing them to be more creative , and there was also government and public support for measures that help save jobs .
Singapore , for instance , encourages firms and unions to develop “ flexi - wage ” packages that allow employers to adjust salaries according to economic conditions .
According to the city - state ’s Manpower Ministry , about 83 percent of people in the private sector were employed under some form of flexible wage system , and 38 percent had variable components built into their monthly wages as at end -2006 .
The monthly variable component could run as high as 70 percent in the case of top executives , said Ho Geok Choo , president of the Singapore Human Resources Institute ( SHRI ) .
The policy has kept the city - state ’s unemployment at a low 2.2 percent , versus 1.7 percent in last year ’s fourth quarter .
Japan ’s jobless rate was 4 percent in September , up from 3.8 percent in January , while Hong Kong ’s was flat at 3.4 percent .
But U.S. unemployment is expected to have jumped to 6.3 percent last month from below 5 percent in January .
WEST MEETS EAST ?
Experts say that while there are noticeable differences in labor practices in East and West , the gap will narrow as more firms become more multinational and competition forces firms to adopt the best practices of rivals from abroad .
Aquent ’s
Pang noted many large Japanese firms no longer offer jobs - for - life , while Western multinationals now employ a large number of people in Asia .
“ With the trend of major Japanese companies being run by non - Japanese CEOs , slowly but surely they are starting to adopt more of a Western management style and philosophy . ”
However , SHRI ’s
Ho said the global crisis has raised questions about the Anglo - Saxon way of doing business , and he predicted a shift toward a more paternalistic work culture .
Western firms are trying harder to put on a more human face amid growing distrust among the youth in their home countries .
In the past , layoffs meant an empty box and an escort to the carpark , but firms now offer counseling and consultants to help staff find jobs elsewhere , said SMU ’s Benoliel .
“ They ’ll still kill you , but they now do it gently . ”
In the last year , I ’ve noticed a trend among the invitations I ’ve been receiving in my mailbox : Rather than being simple invitations to celebrations , they are becoming thinly disguised money grabs .
I have been invited to weddings and told ( not requested , but told ) to give cash .
I ’ve been invited to a “ going away to college shower ” right on the heels of the high school graduation party where I gave the graduate a check that I assumed would be used for college expenses .
I ’ve been invited to a Sweet 16 party and told to give cash to contribute to the birthday girl ’s car .
I was invited to a baby shower for a fifth child ( I always thought the baby shower was only proper for the first , maybe second , child and after that it was assumed that the other kids would be using hand me downs ) .
Another baby shower invitation told me to give cash that would be put in the kid ’s college fund .
( Oh , really ?
My response was almost to ask if I could get that in writing since I suspected that most of the cash would be going toward other things . )
I was even invited to a divorce shower where the divorcing woman was seeking presents so she could set up her new household since the ex-hubby was getting the house .
Of course , all of these invitations ( except those cheeky enough to outright ask for cash ) come with all sorts of crazy registries attached .
People have registered at Toy ’s R Us for children ’s birthday parties and sent me the lists .
The college shower invitation came with a note that the student - to - be was registered at Target , Pier One , and Bed Bath and Beyond , but cash was acceptable , too .
( I wanted to ask if they took MasterCard and Visa , as well . )
The divorcee registered at almost every store imaginable , including Tiffany’s .
( Is there really something at Tiffany ’s that you need to set up a new house ? )
The topper was the baby shower that listed , among the traditional stores like Target and Babies R Us , that gift cards to Best Buy and the Apple Store would be appreciated “ in order to pay for baby ’s future electronic needs . ”
That one left me speechless and temporarily unable to come up with even a sarcastic response .
I ’m still working on it .
Maybe I ’m old fashioned and this “ invite my money , not me ” strategy is the new norm , but it offends me .
I was always taught that gift giving was just that : a gift , not an obligation .
I was taught to ask for nothing and be happy with anything you received because a gift , no matter what it was , meant that someone thought enough of you to get you something .
And certainly , except for letters to Santa ( which you outgrew around age nine and would n’t dream of doing at age thirty ) , you never explicitly stated what you expected to get .
You would never include on an invitation that you wanted cash or gift certificates to a certain store , and you certainly would n’t tack on a list of the items you wanted .
The only occasion that I ever expected to register for was my wedding .
And I certainly did n’t include a mention of it in the invitation .
If someone asked , it was okay to tell them where you were registered , but you left the rest up to them .
If they chose to use the registry , fine .
If not , that was fine , too .
You did n’t include the whole registry list in the invitation , as I have seen several brides do lately .
I guess I can sort of understand the popularity of registries .
They do make it easier for people to choose a gift .
But this idea of registering for everything at every store and then telling everyone about your choices smacks of greed , not helpfulness .
I ’ve noticed something else , as well .
As these money grab invitations become more popular , the size of the guest list seems to increase simultaneously .
Where a birthday party might have once included ten people , all close friends of the celebrant , now I routinely see parties of fifty or more and most of the guests are very distantly associated with the celebrant , if they even know her at all .
Half the time I wonder why I ’m getting invitations to Sweet 16 ’s ( I ’m certainly not sixteen and do n’t have any kids that age ) , baby showers for the kids of people I hardly know , and weddings of people I can only claim a passing acquaintance with .
Why this sudden interest in ballooning the guest list ?
Maybe I ’m cynical , but I have to wonder if some of these people are thinking , “ Heck , if I ’m going to ask for money and gifts , I might as well ask as many people as I can think of so I can grab a little more . ”
That might not be the case for all , but I ’m getting the distinct impression that this is where we ’re heading .
The truth is that while I ’m happy so many people are having celebrations ( I like a good party as much as the next person ) , I simply ca n’t afford to buy this many gifts , particularly for people I hardly know .
My budget ca n’t keep up with this sort of thing .
Maybe now that I ’ve put that out there in public some people will quit inviting me to things .
Read this :
If you only want my money , I do n’t have any more to give .
If you want me to come to your party and are okay with the fact that I might arrive sans gift , invite away .
A couple of times when I ’ve politely declined invitations to parties for people I hardly knew ( largely because I could smell the money grab a mile away ) , I ’ve been snubbed later .
Example : I ran into a woman that I only have a passing acquaintance with in the grocery store a couple of weeks after I RSVP ’d to her daughter ’s wedding invitation that I would not be able to attend .
The woman pulled me aside and told me , “ I hope you ’re happy .
Janie ( not her real name ) was so counting on you coming to the wedding and she ’s so disappointed you wo n’t be there .
You ’re ruining her day . ”
Here ’s the thing :
If I even knew Janie , I could understand her being upset .
But I ’ve never met the girl .
And I only know her mother in passing .
So I doubt my absence will matter one iota Janie .
Apparently , however , the absence of my gift is causing quite a problem with her mother .
I find myself somewhat adrift in this new world of parties as blatant begs for money .
I enjoy celebrating special occasions and I enjoy giving gifts when I genuinely feel moved to do so .
In other words , I like to give gifts to people that I know and whom I trust want my presence at their function because they want me first , gift second ( if at all ) .
I do n’t enjoy the fine line that I now must walk in order to preserve my budget .
If I say no to some invitations because I feel like I ’m only being asked to go for the gift , but I say yes to the invitations of people I genuinely care about , inevitably it gets around and someone will eventually ask me to justify my choices .
I could be rude and say , “ Well , gee , if you ’d really wanted me there you would n’t be asking me why I bought a gift for Julie but not for you .
You would have been disappointed that I could n’t go .
Period . ”
But responses like that are n’t likely to win me any etiquette awards .
I could just go to the parties without a gift , but I ’m certain the host of a money grab party would frown on my eating their cake without giving something in return .
Sometimes I feel like I ’m part of a balance sheet that the host has drawn up .
“ OK , if we spend $ 50 per person in dinner and cake , can we reasonably expect that they will bring a gift that will earn out our investment ? ”
If I show up with no gift , I blow their investment plans .
Maybe that ’s not a bad idea .
Blow a few people ’s earning plans and see if the ridiculous invitations stop .
I could just stop going to any parties and say , “ That ’s it .
I ’m unavailable for anything . ”
But that punishes the people I care about , as well as myself because I do like to socialize and celebrate with people .
I have to find either a middle ground or a thicker skin that can stand up to the disapproval of those whose invitations I decline .
My solution for now is to muddle through ; to accept the invitations of people that I feel really want me there , that I am close to in some way , and politely decline the others .
Basically , I ’m buying gifts and accepting invitations for those who do n’t ask for anything beyond my presence .
If you feel the need to ask for money or attach a “ suggested gift list ” to your invitation , expect a no from me .
If you want someone to contribute to a car fund , or a future electronics need , I ’m not your girl .
I ca n’t afford to buy gifts for everyone who asks and , even if I could , I would n’t give it to someone rude enough to show more interest in my wallet attending the party than my person .
However , if you ask for nothing from me beyond my presence at your function , you might get a phone call from me asking if you are registered somewhere .
Or I might sniff around and find out about that something special you ’ve been wanting and get it for you .
I can be surprisingly generous when the occasion is right .
But I will no longer respond to demands for generosity disguised as invitations .
Image courtesy of Glynnis Ritchie
Odd things happen in the final days of a competitive Senate race .
On Wednesday , Republican Sen. Norm Coleman briefly canceled all his west - central Minnesota campaign stops — and then quickly resumed them — after being asked about a lawsuit filed in Texas that mentioned him and his wife .
Democratic Senate candidate Al Franken had to tell a supporter , nope , he could n’t have a lawn sign , after a Franken staffer informed him they had given away all their signs .
And Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley , so far lacking funds to run television ads , goes on the air with his first one today .
Coleman , Franken and Barkley are in the closing days of a hotly contested $ 40 million - plus Senate race .
And on the campaign trail this week , the candidates are using speeches , personal conversations and sometimes wit to close their election arguments with Minnesota voters .
Coleman ’s plan to deliver that message was diverted Wednesday after reporters questioned him during his St. Cloud stop about a lawsuit filed against Coleman contributor Nasser Kazeminy .
Coleman walked out of the St. Cloud restaurant where he had just finished his stump speech and jumped into his SUV without answering questions .
Shortly thereafter , reporters traveling with Coleman got word from Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , who had spent the past two days on the road with him , that the senator was canceling the rest of his Wednesday stops and heading back to the Twin Cities .
Within an hour , Pawlenty called reporters to say Coleman would resume his campaign trip .
According to Coleman campaign manager Cullen Sheehan , the lawsuit , filed Tuesday and withdrawn Wednesday , alleged money was given to Laurie Coleman , the senator ’s wife , through the insurance company for which she works to help the Colemans ’ personal finances .
The claim was “ simply false , ” Coleman said .
“ The purpose of this stuff is to , at the 11th hour , throw something out there and see if it sticks , ” Coleman said .
“ There were some things that we believe were thrown in there for the purpose of influencing the campaign .
It was withdrawn because the attorneys recognized that there were some things in there that were n’t factual . ”
He said he resumed campaigning after his staff briefed him on the lawsuit .
That campaigning includes messages Coleman has repeated many times .
He has made stops in about 60 cities this month , and his campaign is shooting for 100 before Election Day on a tour dubbed the “ Hope Express . ”
While , like all good campaigners , he switches up his stump speech a bit , his main themes have varied little .
And at each stop this week , he has spent time — more than his schedule has allowed — making personal contact with voters .
Jodi Bakke , of Willmar , talked with Coleman on Wednesday about her problems finding health care .
Bakke said she usually votes for Democrats but that after talking to Coleman , she was “ closer ” to supporting the senator .
“ I came here completely undecided .
I had some reservations because he ’s a politician .
He made a good impression , ” Bakke said .
But Franken has his personal touch , too .
When he learned during a stop Wednesday at Rock - Tenn Co. ’s St. Paul recycling plant that the campaign had run out of lawn signs , he had a solution .
“ Out of yard signs ? ” Franken exclaimed after a worker requested one .
“ Well , just stand out in front of your yard and yell , ” he said before breaking into his booming laugh .
Franken , whose campaign swing has been dubbed the “ For the Middle Class , For a Change Tour , ” has been traveling on a well - equipped motor coach with a revolving list of Democratic officials .
State Sen. Jim Carlson of Eagan , St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman , Rep. Betty McCollum and Sen. Amy Klobuchar joined him Tuesday .
On Wednesday , Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak and state Sen. Tarryl Clark of St. Cloud were on the road with Franken .
After Rock - Tenn , he went to United Hospital in St. Paul , where he shook hands and posed outside for pictures with hospital staff , patients and visitors .
Most who stopped said they supported him ; some shook their heads “ no ” and walked on .
How people recognize Franken — a former “ Saturday Night Live ” cast member , best - selling author and now star of his own TV ad blitz — has become a source of amusement for him .
“ The other day , one kid said to me , ‘ Your episode on “ Third Rock from the Sun ” was the best ever . ’
That was a new one , ” Franken said .
Several Democratic speakers Tuesday made the argument that the Minnesota race could be key to achieving a 60 - member filibuster - proof majority in the Senate .
“ Time and time again , we got stopped on big , bold changes that we wanted to make , ” Klobuchar said , noting Republicans have used a filibuster 94 times since Democrats took control of the House and Senate in 2006 .
Other , less - known supporters also vouched for Franken .
At RosePointe Senior Living in Roseville , Franken spoke about the value of Social Security and then turned the floor over to his 85 - year - old mother - in - law , Fran Bryson .
Bryson ’s tale of raising five children with the help of a variety of governmental programs after her husband died in a car accident is a staple of Franken ’s stump speeches .
“ He ’s a very hard worker , ” Bryson said .
“ I ’ve seen him at 3 in the morning , writing when he should be in bed sleeping . ”
Barkley has n’t had an extensive campaign schedule , and unlike Coleman and Franken , he has n’t had the party backbone or money to run television ads .
But that will change .
Barkley plans to unveil his first and only TV ad today at a Capitol news conference .
His spokesman , Chris Truscott , said the ad features Barkley making his closing campaign argument from a Minnesota cornfield .
The Independence Party candidate has received support in the high teens in some polls , but according to a Rasmussen Reports poll released Wednesday , that percentage is slipping .
In that poll , he received a nod from 14 percent of those surveyed .
The same poll showed Coleman with 43 percent of voters ’ support and Franken with 39 percent .
A week ago , the poll found Franken with 41 percent and Coleman with 37 percent .
Leads in both polls are within the margin of error , making the race a dead heat .
Bill Salisbury , Jason Hoppin and Dave Orrick contributed to this report .
What a bunch of WATB .
The House GOP " Leadership " addressed the media just now after the bailout bill failed and pointed their fingers at Nancy Pelosi for giving a speech that upset them .
The speech hurt them so much that it forced them to sink the bill and now the market is down more than 600 points .
Why are you so mean , Nancy ?
Do n't you know Boehner is a really sensitive guy ?
Download Download
" I believe we could have gotten there today if it were n't for Speaker Pelosi 's partisan speech . "
So you 're willing to kill the bill and let the market plunge 600 points because Nancy gave a mean speech ?
Wow .
Eric Cantor is particularly hysterical .
It looks like he wants to cry .
Nancy is so mean !
Barney Frank sums it up best :
Apologies are in order to Charles Gibson , widely presumed to be too soft to credibly interview Sarah Palin .
If anything , the ABC News anchor 's first exchange with Palin , aired last night , is all the more embarrassing to Palin precisely because Gibson was hand - picked by her handlers .
The Republican vice presidential nominee 's awful performance is apparent enough from the transcript , which contains her horribly stilted answer to a question about Iran , invoking " nucular weapons ... given to those hands of Ahmadinejad " and already compared to Miss South Carolina 's famous thoughts on " the Iraq " at a teen beauty pageant .
But things are even worse on video , as seen after the jump .
In answering a question about the Bush doctrine , Palin 's long hesitation and obviously stressed voice make it clear she does n't know what the Bush doctrine is in the first place .
Palin 's nervousness likewise makes all the more terrifying her casual statement that " perhaps " going to war with Russia may someday be necessary to defend Georgia and the Ukraine .
Click the video player at top to watch .
Credit goes to Gibson for selecting the right questions , which were far weightier than the campaign minutiae he reveled in during the Democratic primary debates , and more importantly for adopting a serious tone that became vaguely condescending — with sighs , a twitching foot , interruptions — only when impatience was justified .
Palin surely would love to cancel two additional interviews scheduled with Gibson this weekend .
But such a move would only compound her public humiliation .
More likely , she 'll be told to keep her future answers extremely short in an attempt to get this mess over with as soon as possible .
[ ABC ]
Sydney could be only two and a half hours away and it could take less time to get to Tokyo than it does to take a train from London to Manchester .
Why Do Women Break Up With Men ?
When I first started dating , I had good luck in finding women , but lousy luck in keeping them .
I found myself wondering why do women break up with men , anyway ?
- Is it my looks ? -
Is it my money ? -
Is it my job ?
Tell me if one of these situations sounds familiar ...
DATING DISASTER 1 :
In the first situation , I 'd go out on a date with a girl , and everything would seem to be going pretty cool .
She was digging me , I was digging her .
And there was usually no problem getting that kiss at the end , once I got past the butterflies in my stomach .
Then , I 'd call her back the next day ( do n't women want that ? ) and I 'd never get her , just her voicemail .
I 'd leave a message , telling her how I had a great time and wanted to see her again .
And then she would n't call .
I 'd wait for a day or two and try her back again , and if I finally did get her , the conversation would go something like this :
ME : " Hey ... "
HER : " Hey . "
( Not very excited .
And I 'd feel my stomach sink . )
ME : " Uh , I just thought I 'd call and say hello .
See how you were doing ... "
HER : " Oh , yeah , I 'm doing great .
Look , I can't really talk right now - I 'm hanging out with a friend . "
ME : " Oh , uh , okay .
Call you later ? "
HER : " Sure thing .
Talk to you later ... "
-- CLICK --
And then later on I 'd get an email about how she thinks we should " just be friends . "
ARRRRRGH !
What about this situation ...
DATING DISASTER 2 :
You go out on a date with a girl , and things seem great .
You go out on a 2nd and 3rd date , and everything seems pretty fun and cool .
Heavy duty makeout sessions ...
Ah , it 's bliss .
Then , you decide it 's time for the " BIG MOVE™ . "
You invite her over for dinner at YOUR house .
Candles .
Music .
Wine .
Good food .
You 're all set .
You 've even got a condom under the mattress for the " right moment . "
Sure enough , she comes over .
But you feel a strange vibe as she comes in and gives you a peck on the cheek .
Things are a little cooler than before .
You ignore it and go on with the dinner .
After the food and wine is done , you go to the living room to chill and hang out on the couch .
You try to get her warmed up , start a little kissing , but she 's not as into it as before .
She might even throw out the " it 's my time of the month " excuse .
Before you know it , she 's got an " early day tomorrow , " and she has to get going .
I mean , you do n't want to admit to yourself that this happened , but it did , and you keep wondering ...
WHAT THE HELL DID I DO WRONG ?
And then I 'd immediately wonder ...
WHY do women break up with men like this ?
It 's frustrating , is n't it ?
That 's kind of an understatement .
It 's a real pisser is what it is .
Let 's talk about the reasons , but first , you should understand something ...
Dating a woman is kind of like driving a car .
It takes some work to get it started and moving , but once you get it up to speed , you want to just let it coast under its own power .
You want to click the " cruise control " and just let it riiiiide ...
One of the problems here is that dating and attraction has no " cruise control . "
And the other problem is that if you do n't keep your foot on that gas , you will slow down to nothing when the first hill comes along .
Think of dating " gas " as being the excitement and fun you put into it .
That 's all a woman needs to keep feeling that " spark " with you .
I 'm going to come back to this one .
Now , let 's answer the Big Question :
Why do women break up with men ?
REASON # 1 )
She found another guy .
Well , this really is n't a reason the way most guys think it is .
You see , a woman does n't want another guy if the one she 's with is doing the right things and challenging her .
( Mind you that we 're assuming that the woman is stable and does n't have a major character flaw that leads her to cheating . )
I found out - the hard way - that a woman has NO problem cheating on her boyfriend if she feels that he 's not living up to his end of the deal .
Meaning , he is n't doing all the things the new guy is to make her feel unique and attractive .
She will feel JUSTIFIED in cheating , in fact .
She wo n't even see it as cheating .
She 'll see it as self - preservation .
I 'm not trying to make women out to be evil here .
Guys do the exact same thing - just for slightly different reasons .
I 'm going to talk about this again in a minute ...
Let 's move on .
REASON # 2 )
She 's exceptionally smart and emotionally mature , and she realizes that you 're not what she 's looking for in a long term relationship .
Hmmm .
This one does n't happen often , in my experience , even though it really ought to .
The reality is that when I finally " got it " and understood that you can very easily get a woman so addicted to having you around ( because you 're giving her what no other guy seems to be able to , other than the unstable " bad boys " out there ) , you 'll have the very real problem of women staying with you even when it 's not a good match .
But , as we say , that 's a High Quality Problem , huh ?
In other words , if I 'm going to have a problem , that 's a good kind to have .
So while I 'm including this as Reason 2 here , the reality is that it 's not going to happen if you follow my strategies for building attraction .
REASON # 3 ) You STOPPED doing all the things that got her attracted to you in the first place .
In other words , you let the attraction energy die out .
I could write books and books on this topic ...
The fact of the matter is that guys typically put in a lot of energy to get things started with a woman , do n't we ?
We have to approach her ( tell me that is n't agony ... )
We have to brave the fear of rejection ...
We have to get her number ...
We have to call her up and ask her out ...
We have to make the plans for the date ...
We have to keep escalating things until we can sleep with her ...
Hey , that 's a lot of work !
But we do n't mind because it's the thrill of the chase .
But after you 've conquered her , this is typically where the average guy lets off that gas and expects the woman to take over .
And many women DO take over ...
... for a time .
Eventually , though , she becomes resentful that she feels like SHE is doing all the work , and she starts to withdraw .
Eventually , she 'll either cheat , or she 'll just break up with you .
Just remember , there 's always a guy out there waiting to do whatever it is you stopped doing to attract your woman .
Look , I 'm not saying a woman is justified here , but you have to be realistic .
If you were n't doing your work at your job , would you REALLY be surprised if your boss came to you one day and said , " We 're terribly sorry , but you have n't been doing your duties .
We 've found a replacement for you .
You 're fired . "
Cheating sucks , and it's the most painful lesson in the world .
But when you clear away all the emotional fog , you 'll usually see that there were signs WAY long ago .
There 's a rule you must remember :
CARLOS XUMA'S RULE : A woman will NOT leave a man she does n't feel like she 's completely WON .
This is BIG time important !
I can't tell you how much that one tip has made ALL the difference in my dating .
After I learned it , women stopped breaking up with me .
Then it was MY choice to stay with her or not .
I 'm not some kind of control freak or something here , but if there 's a choice between being the guy that gets dumped , and the guy that does the dumping - I choose to be the guy that breaks up with her .
I suspect you 'd rather be that guy , too .
So let 's stop " wrongful termination " in its tracks .
Remember that if you focus on ONE area of your connection with women , you 'll eliminate about 90 % of all the issues you 'll ever run into .
That one area is ENERGY .
In my model of attraction called " REAL Game , " R.E.A.L. stands for :
R= Relaxed & Resourceful
E= Effective & Energized
A= Alpha & Authentic
L= Lifestyle & Lasting
These are the essential ingredients of your game that create MASSIVE attraction with women - if you know how to use them .
Notice the " E " = Energized .
This is the one area that many guys think of as being the " entertainer , " or the life of the party , or Mr. Excitement .
Well , this is n't true .
It 's actually a technique that you apply in different ways and at different times .
And I 'll be talking about this more in the upcoming videos and newsletters .
Remember , a woman 's definition of " romance " is the same as a guy's .
It 's simply " fun . .. "
And remember my rule :
A woman will NOT leave a man she does n't feel like she 's completely WON .
If you want to learn how to be the Alpha Man - the man that women never break up with - I 've got another article ( and a program ) you will probably want to see .
The one sure fire way to keep a woman attracted to you is to show her an Alpha Male that has the confidence and attitude that she wants to experience ...
CLICK HERE :
Your friend ,
Mr. Clean House Peters Jr. Dead at 92
Recent photo of House Peters Jr. , the original " Mr. Clean "
. , the original Mr. Clean in Proctor & Gamble 's television commercials for the household cleaner , died of pneumonia Wednesday at the Motion Picture and Television Fund Hospital in Los Angeles .
The 92 - year - old actor played many supporting roles throughout his career , but became best - known in the 50's and 60's for his role as the hoop earring wearing , muscular bald man known as " Mr. Clean , " who took a tough stance on dirt and grime .
Peters also appeared in " Perry Mason , " " Gunsmoke , " " The Twilight Zone " and " Lassie , " and worked with Roy Rogers and Gene Autry on their television shows .
He is survived by his wife , three children and four grandchildren .
More photos of House Peters Jr. and a Mr. Clean commercial from the 1950 's below .
This paper - thin cylinder -- composed of carbon nanotubes -- emits sound in all directions .
Credit : American Chemical Society
In research that may redefine ear buds , earphones , stereo loudspeakers , and other devices for producing sound , researchers in China are reporting development of flexible loudspeakers thinner than paper that might be inserted into the ears with an index finger or attached to clothing , walls , or windows .
Their report on what may be the world 's thinnest loudspeakers , made from transparent carbon nanotube films , is scheduled for the December 10 issue of ACS ' Nano Letters .
Kaili Jiang , Shoushan Fan , and colleagues note that most of today 's loudspeakers are relatively bulky , complex , and inflexible , consisting of a permanent magnet fixed to a voice coil and a cone .
To meet the growing demand for smaller speakers for portable digital consumer electronics devices , manufacturers need new technology , they say .
The scientists describe the development of super - thin carbon nanotube ( CNT ) films — 1/1,000th the width of a single human hair — that are capable of transmitting music and other sounds .
In laboratory tests , the researchers mounted a thin CNT film onto two electrodes to form a simple loudspeaker .
The speaker produced sound with the same excellent quality as conventional loudspeakers , but without magnets and moving components , the researchers say .
They also demonstrated that the flexible film could be used just as effectively to play music from an iPod and while pasted to a flexible , waving flag .
" These CNT thin film loudspeakers are transparent , flexible , and stretchable , which can be tailored into many shapes and mounted on a variety of insulating surfaces , such as room walls , ceilings , pillars , windows , flags , and clothes without limitations .
Furthermore , CNT thin films can also be made into small area devices , such as earphones and buzzers .
There is no doubt that more and more applications will be developed as time goes on .
This technique might open new applications of and approaches to manufacturing loudspeakers and other acoustic devices . "
More information : Lin Xiao et al .
Flexible , Stretchable , Transparent Carbon Nanotube Thin Film Loudspeakers , Nano Letters ( 2008 ) .
DOI : 10.1021/nl802750z
FileMagazine - How to About Everything
1 World ’s Smallest Dog : 12.4 cm ( 4.9 - inch ) tall
At 1.4 pounds and 4.9 inches tall , Ducky , a yappy short - coat Chihuahua from Charlton ( Massachusetts , USA ) , holds the Guinness World Record for the world ’s smallest living dog ( by height ) .
Ducky succeeds Danka Kordak of Slovakia , a Chihuahua who measured 5.4 inches tall .
The smallest dog ever , according to Guinness , was a dwarf Yorkshire terrier who stood 2.8 inches tall .
2 World ’s Smallest Snake : 10.1 cm ( 4 - inch ) long
Leptotyphlops carlae is the world ’s smallest species of snake , with adults averaging just under four inches in length .
Found on the Caribbean island of Barbados , the species – which is as thin as a spaghetti noodle and small enough to rest comfortably on a U.S. quarter– was discovered by Blair Hedges .
3 World ’s Smallest Fish : 7.9 mm ( 0.3 - inch ) long
On January 2006 , the world ’s smallest fish was discovered on the Indonesian island of Sumatra : a member of the carp family of fish , the Paedocypris progenetica .
It is the world ’s smallest vertebrate or backboned animal ; only 7.9 mm ( 0.3 inches ) long .
The title , however , is contested by 6.2 mm ( 0.2 in ) long male anglerfish Photocorynus spiniceps ( not technically a fish but a sexual parasite ) and the 7 mm ( 0.27 in ) long male stout infantfish Schindleria brevipinguis .
4 World ’s Smallest Horse : 43.18 cm ( 17 - inch ) tall
The little horse was born to Paul and Kay Goessling , who specialize in breeding miniature horses , but even for the breed Thumbelina is particularly small : she is thought to be a dwarf - version of the breed .
At just 60 lb and 17 - inch tall , the five - year - old Thumbelina is the world ’s smallest horse .
5 World ’s Smallest Cat : 15.5 cm ( 6.1 - inch ) high and 49 cm ( 19.2 - inch ) long
Meet Mr. Peebles .
He lives in central Illinois , is two years old , weighs about three pounds and is the world ’s smallest cat !
The cat ’s small stature was verified by the Guinness Book of World Records on 2004 .
6 World ’s Smallest Hamster : 2.5 cm ( 0.9 - inch ) tall
Only slightly bigger than a 50 p piece , PeeWee is the smallest hamster in the world .
Weighing less than an ounce , the golden hamster stopped growing when he was three weeks old – his five brothers and sisters went on to measure between 4in and 5in .
7 World ’s Smallest Chameleon : 1.2 cm ( 0.5 - inch ) long
The Brookesia Minima is the world ’s smallest species of chameleon .
This one is just half an inch .
Found on the rainforest floor of Nosy Be Island off the north - west coast of Madagascar , females tend to be larger than males .
8 World ’s Smallest Lizard : 16 mm ( 0.6 - inch ) long
So small it can curl up on a dime or stretch out on a quarter , a typical adult of the species , whose scientific name is Sphaerodactylus ariasae is only about 16 millimeters long , or about three quarters of an inch , from the tip of the snout to the base of the tail .
It shares the title of “ smallest ” with another lizard species named Sphaerodactylus parthenopion , discovered in 1965 in the British Virgin Islands .
9 World ’s Smallest Cattle : 81 cm ( 31 - inch ) height
The world ’s smallest cattle is a rare breed of an Indian zebu called the Vechur cow .
The average height of this breed of cattle is 31 to 35 inches ( 81 to 91 cm ) .
The photo above shows a 16 year old Vechur cattle as compared to a 6 year old HF cross - breed cow .
10 World ’s Smallest Seahorse : 16 mm ( 0.6 - inch ) long
The creature , known as Hippocampus denise , is typically just 16 millimetres long – smaller than most fingernails .
Some were found to be just 13 mm long .
H. denise lives in the tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean , between 13 and 90 metres beneath the surface .
New Solar Cells Can Be Rolled Up Like a Carpet
October 6th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and Northwestern University have developed a new type of silicon solar cell that is flexible enough to be used on a curved surface or fabric .
Currently , most solar cells are rigid due to the use of plastic in their production .
The flexible solar cells are produced by slicing rigid silicon wafers into tiny bits and placing them on a flexible surface .
The sliced chips are 10 to 100 times thinner than a normal silicon wafer .
Unlike thin - film solar cells already produced by Sharp and Q - Cells , the new technology uses highly efficient single crystal silicon .
The technology ’s inventors envision a variety of uses for flexible solar cells .
The cells could be used as a solar skin on top of buildings or aircraft , as large rollable sheets , or even as a tinting film on sunroofs .
There ’s just one problem — scientists have n’t yet figured out if the increased production costs of the cells are outweighed by the use of less material .
Either way , the advent of the new solar cells shows that a little creativity can greatly enhance existing technology .
Photo credit : Energy Efficiency News
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Fifty - two cows were killed after lightning hit a wire fence they were grazing next to .
The Hereford and Normandy breed cows were discovered by the ranch manager in the field .
A veterinary expert who examined the carcases said they had been killed by lightning hitting the wire fence bordering the field where the animals were stood .
The incident occurred in Valdez Chico , near Montevideo , Uruguay .
In September , 53 cattle were killed by lightning in Katosi , Uganda .
They had been seeking shelter underneath trees , according to local reports .
Lightning hits the earth an average 100 times per second , or 8.6 million times a day .
Each spark of lightning can reach over five miles in length , soar to temperatures of approximately 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit , and contain 100 million electrical volts .
Weather officials estimate the United States alone receives up to 20 million lightning strikes per year from as many as 100,000 thunderstorms .
The odds of being struck by lightning are approximately 1 in 576,000 and the chance of actually being killed by lightning is about 1 in 2,320,000 .
However , experts say working or playing in open fields ; boating , fishing , and swimming ; working on heavy farm or road equipment ; playing golf ; taking a shower ; talking on a conventional telephone ; and repairing or using electrical appliances are all activities that should be avoided during storms .
News.au.com
November 26 , 2008
A private intelligence company has been engaged by police to secretly monitor internet and email use by activist and protest groups , a report says .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The company was hired to monitor and report on the internet activities of anti-war campaigners , animal rights activists , environmental campaigners , and other protest groups , Fairfax Media reported .
It was hired by Victorian Police , the Australian Federal Police and the federal Attorney - General ’s department .
The Melbourne - based firm has for the past five years monitored websites , online chat rooms , social networking sites , email lists and bulletin boards , the report said .
It has gathered intelligence on planned protests and other activities , and many of those on the watch list have broken no laws , the report said .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Contact :
Diane Farsetta or John Stauber , CMD , ( 608 ) 260-9713
Craig Aaron , Free Press , ( 202 ) 265-1490 x 25
New Report : Fake TV News Widespread and Undisclosed Investigation catches 77 local TV stations presenting corporate PR as real news Groups file complaint urging FCC to take action against deceptive broadcasters
WASHINGTON
The Center for Media Democracy and Free Press today exposed an epidemic of fake news infiltrating local television broadcasts across country .
At a press conference in Washington with FCC Commissioner Jonathan S. Adelstein , the groups called for a crackdown on stations that present corporate - sponsored videos as genuine news to an unsuspecting audience .
CMD , which unveiled the results of a 10 - month investigation , found scores of local stations slipping commercial " video news releases , " or VNRs , into their regular news programming .
The new multimedia report released today includes footage of 36 separate VNRs and their broadcast as " news " by TV stations and networks nationwide , including those in the nation 's biggest markets .
The full report -- " Fake TV News : Widespread and Undisclosed " -- is now available complete with VNR and TV station video footage at www.prwatch.org/fakenews/execsummary.
" It 's shocking to see how product placement moves secretly unfiltered from the boardroom to the newsroom and then straight into our living rooms , " said Diane Farsetta , a senior researcher at CMD and co-author of the report .
" Local TV broadcasts -- the most popular news source in the United States -- frequently air VNRs without fact - checking , conducting their own reporting , or disclosing that the footage has been provided and sponsored by big corporations . "
Investigators captured 77 television stations actively disguising sponsored content from companies including General Motors , Intel , Pfizer and Capital One to make it look like their own reporting .
More than one - third of the time , stations aired fake news stories in their entirety as their own reporting .
Despite repeated claims from broadcasters that they do not air VNRs as news , the new report reveals just the tip of the iceberg .
Instances of fake TV news documented by CMD likely represent less than 1 percent of VNRs distributed to local newsrooms since June 2005 .
Fraudulent news reports have likely been aired on hundreds of more local newscasts in the past year .
" The president of the Radio - Television News Directors Association , Barbara Cochran , called fake news ' kind of like the Loch Ness Monster .
Everyone talks about it , but not many people have actually seen it , ' " said John Stauber , executive director of CMD .
" This report drops a big nest of squirming Nessies in the laps of TV journalists .
Fake TV news is the worst plagiarism scandal in American journalism , and it must be stopped by labeling all VNRs on screen so viewers can tell if its news or fake news . "
Approximately 80 percent of the stations snared in the investigation are owned by large conglomerates .
The list of the worst offenders includes Clear Channel , News Corp . / Fox Television , Viacom / CBS , Tribune Co. and Sinclair Broadcast Group - whose Oklahoma City affiliate was caught airing VNRs on six separate occasions .
" The evidence suggests a strong connection between media consolidation and the broadcast of deceptive , pre-packaged propaganda , " said Timothy Karr , campaign director of Free Press .
" When all station owners care about is profit margins , fake news can prove irresistible .
After all , VNRs are free .
Reporting news that 's meaningful to local communities is n't .
And without decisive government action , the fake news problem will only get worse . "
In conjunction with the report , Free Press launched www.freepress.net/fakenews -- urging the public to contact the FCC and demand " No Fake News . "
Free Press and CMD also filed a formal complaint with the FCC , seeking a thorough investigation " to help restore the public trust in the integrity of local news . "
The public interest groups want all VNRs be accompanied by a continuous , frame - by - frame visual notifications and verbal announcements disclosing their sources .
They also recommended broadcasters be required to file monthly public reports detailing their use of government or corporate - sponsored material .
The FCC complaint is available at www.freepress.net/docs/fcc_complaint_4-06-06.pdf
###
The Center for Media and Democracy ( www.prwatch.org) is a nonprofit , public interest organization that strengthens participatory democracy by investigating and exposing public relations spin and propaganda , and by promoting media literacy and citizen journalism .
Free Press ( www.freepress.net) is a national , nonpartisan organization that seeks to increase informed public participation in media policy and to promote a more competitive and democratic media system .
This remarkable speech was delivered during an I am an American Day gathering in New York 's Central Park by Harold Ickes , President Franklin Roosevelt 's Secretary of the Interior .
It came at a perilous moment in history , May of 1941 , when Adolf Hitler and the Nazis seemed headed toward possible world domination .
By this time , countries that had fallen to the Nazis included Austria , Czechoslovakia , Poland , Norway , Denmark , France , Belgium , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , and areas in North Africa .
Airfields and cities in England were now under ferocious air attack from the German Luftwaffe while wolf - packs of Nazi U - boats attempted to blockade the British Isles .
Many Americans , however , still questioned the wisdom and necessity of direct U.S. involvement in the European war .
Pacifist sentiment was steadily growing , while at the same time Fascism was sometimes referred to as the " wave of the future " by respected Americans , buoyed in part by the ceaseless barrage of highly effective anti-democratic propaganda emanating from the Fascist countries of Europe including Germany .
In this speech , Harold Ickes counters that propaganda , defines what it means to be a free American , and offers a blunt assessment of the perilous future the United States would face standing alone against a victorious Hitler .
I want to ask a few simple questions .
And then I shall answer them .
What has happened to our vaunted idealism ?
Why have some of us been behaving like scared chickens ?
Where is the million - throated , democratic voice of America ?
For years it has been dinned into us that we are a weak nation ; that we are an inefficient people ; that we are simple - minded .
For years we have been told that we are beaten , decayed , and that no part of the world belongs to us any longer .
Some amongst us have fallen for this carefully pickled tripe .
Some amongst us have fallen for this calculated poison .
Some amongst us have begun to preach that the " wave of the future " has passed over us and left us a wet , dead fish .
They shout -- from public platforms in printed pages , through the microphones -- that it is futile to oppose the " wave of the future . "
They cry that we Americans , we free Americans nourished on Magna Carta and the Declaration of Independence , hold moth - eaten ideas .
They exclaim that there is no room for free men in the world any more and that only the slaves will inherit the earth .
America -- the America of Washington and Jefferson and Lincoln and Walt Whitman -- they say , is waiting for the undertaker and all the hopes and aspirations that have gone into the making of America are dead too .
However , my fellow citizens , this is not the real point of the story .
The real point -- the shameful point -- is that many of us are listening to them and some of us almost believe them .
I say that it is time for the great American people to raise its voice and cry out in mighty triumph what it is to be an American .
And why it is that only Americans , with the aid of our brave allies -- yes , let 's call them " allies " -- the British , can and will build the only future worth having .
I mean a future , not of concentration camps , not of physical torture and mental straitjackets , not of sawdust bread or of sawdust Caesars -- I mean a future when free men will live free lives in dignity and in security .
This tide of the future , the democratic future , is ours .
It is ours if we show ourselves worthy of our culture and of our heritage .
But make no mistake about it ; the tide of the democratic future is not like the ocean tide -- regular , relentless , and inevitable .
Nothing in human affairs is mechanical or inevitable .
Nor are Americans mechanical .
They are very human indeed .
What constitutes an American ?
Not color nor race nor religion .
Not the pedigree of his family nor the place of his birth .
Not the coincidence of his citizenship .
Not his social status nor his bank account .
Not his trade nor his profession .
An American is one who loves justice and believes in the dignity of man .
An American is one who will fight for his freedom and that of his neighbor .
An American is one who will sacrifice property , ease and security in order that he and his children may retain the rights of free men .
An American is one in whose heart is engraved the immortal second sentence of the Declaration of Independence .
Americans have always known how to fight for their rights and their way of life .
Americans are not afraid to fight .
They fight joyously in a just cause .
We Americans know that freedom , like peace , is indivisible .
We cannot retain our liberty if three - fourths of the world is enslaved .
Brutality , injustice and slavery , if practiced as dictators would have them , universally and systematically , in the long run would destroy us as surely as a fire raging in our nearby neighbor 's house would burn ours if we did n't help to put out his .
If we are to retain our own freedom , we must do everything within our power to aid Britain .
We must also do everything to restore to the conquered peoples their freedom .
This means the Germans too .
Such a program , if you stop to think , is selfishness on our part .
It is the sort of enlightened selfishness that makes the wheels of history go around .
It is the sort of enlightened selfishness that wins victories .
Do you know why ?
Because we cannot live in the world alone , without friends and without allies .
If Britain should be defeated , then the totalitarian undertaker will prepare to hang crepe on the door of our own independence .
Perhaps you wonder how this could come about ?
Perhaps you have heard " them " -- the wavers of the future -- cry , with calculated malice , that even if Britain were defeated we could live alone and defend ourselves single handed , even against the whole world .
I tell you that this is a cold blooded lie .
We would be alone in the world , facing an unscrupulous military - economic bloc that would dominate all of Europe , all of Africa , most of Asia , and perhaps even Russia and South America .
Even to do that , we would have to spend most of our national income on tanks and guns and planes and ships .
Nor would this be all .
We would have to live perpetually as an armed camp , maintaining a huge standing army , a gigantic air force , two vast navies .
And we could not do this without endangering our freedom , our democracy , our way of life .
Perhaps such is the America " they " -- the wavers of the future - - foresee .
Perhaps such is the America that a certain aviator , with his contempt for democracy , would prefer .
Perhaps such is the America that a certain Senator desires .
Perhaps such is the America that a certain mail order executive longs for .
But a perpetually militarized , isolated and impoverished America is not the America that our fathers came here to build .
It is not the America that has been the dream and the hope of countless generations in all parts of the world .
It is not the America that one hundred and thirty million of us would care to live in .
The continued security of our country demands that we aid the enslaved millions of Europe - - yes , even of Germany -- to win back their liberty and independence .
I am convinced that if we do not embark upon such a program we will lose our own freedom .
We should be clear on this point .
What is convulsing the world today is not merely another old - fashioned war .
It is a counter revolution against our ideas and ideals , against our sense of justice and our human values .
Three systems today compete for world domination .
Communism , fascism , and democracy are struggling for social - economic - political world control .
As the conflict sharpens , it becomes clear that the other two , fascism and communism , are merging into one .
They have one common enemy , democracy .
They have one common goal , the destruction of democracy .
This is why this war is not an ordinary war .
It is not a conflict for markets or territories .
It is a desperate struggle for the possession of the souls of men .
This is why the British are not fighting for themselves alone .
They are fighting to preserve freedom for mankind .
For the moment , the battleground is the British Isles .
But they are fighting our war ; they are the first soldiers in trenches that are also our front - line trenches .
In this world war of ideas and of loyalties we believers in democracy must do two things .
We must unite our forces to form one great democratic international .
We must offer a clear program to freedom - loving peoples throughout the world .
Freedom - loving men and women in every land must organize and tighten their ranks .
The masses everywhere must be helped to fight their oppressors and conquerors .
We , free , democratic Americans are in a position to help .
We know that the spirit of freedom never dies .
We know that men have fought and bled for freedom since time immemorial .
We realize that the liberty - loving German people are only temporarily enslaved .
We do not doubt that the Italian people are looking forward to the appearance of another Garibaldi .
We know how the Poles have for centuries maintained a heroic resistance against tyranny .
We remember the brave struggle of the Hungarians under Kossuth and other leaders .
We recall the heroic figure of Masaryk and the gallant fight for freedom of the Czech people .
The story of the Yugoslavs ' , especially the Serbs ' blows for liberty and independence is a saga of extraordinary heroism .
The Greeks will stand again at Thermopylae , as they have in the past .
The annals of our American sister - republics , too , are glorious with freedom - inspiring exploits .
The noble figure of Simon Bolivar , the great South American liberator , has naturally been compared with that of George Washington .
No , liberty never dies .
The Genghis Khans come and go .
The Attilas come and go .
The Hitlers flash and sputter out .
But freedom endures .
Destroy a whole generation of those who have known how to walk with heads erect in God 's free air , and the next generation will rise against the oppressors and restore freedom .
Today in Europe , the Nazi Attila may gloat that he has destroyed democracy .
He is wrong .
In small farmhouses all over Central Europe , in the shops of Germany and Italy , on the docks of Holland and Belgium , freedom still lives in the hearts of men .
It will endure like a hardy tree gone into the wintertime , awaiting the spring .
And , like spring , spreading from the South into Scandinavia , the democratic revolution will come .
And men with democratic hearts will experience comradeship across artificial boundaries .
These men and women , hundreds of millions of them , now in bondage or threatened with slavery , are our comrades and our allies .
They are only waiting for our leadership and our encouragement , for the spark that we can supply .
These hundreds of millions , of liberty - loving people , now oppressed , constitute the greatest sixth column in history .
They have the will to destroy the Nazi gangsters .
We have always helped in struggles for human freedom .
And we will help again .
But our hundreds of millions of liberty - loving allies would despair if we did not provide aid and encouragement .
The quicker we help them the sooner this dreadful revolution will be over .
We cannot , we must not , we dare not delay much longer .
The fight for Britain is in its crucial stages .
We must give the British everything we have .
And by everything , I mean everything needed to beat the life out of our common enemy .
The second step must be to aid and encourage our friends and allies everywhere .
And by everywhere I mean Europe and Asia and Africa and America .
And finally , the most important of all , we Americans must gird spiritually for the battle .
We must dispel the fog of uncertainty and vacillation .
We must greet with raucous laughter the corroding arguments of our appeasers and fascists .
They doubt democracy .
We affirm it triumphantly so that all the world may hear :
Here in America we have something so worth living for that it is worth dying for !
The so - called " wave of the future " is but the slimy backwash of the past .
We have not heaved from our necks the tyrant 's crushing heel , only to stretch our necks out again for its weight .
Not only will we fight for democracy , we will make it more worth fighting for .
Under our free institutions , we will work for the good of mankind , including Hitler 's victims in Germany , so that all may have plenty and security .
We American democrats know that when good will prevails among men there will be a world of plenty and a world of security .
In the words of Winston Churchill , " Are we downhearted , " No , we arc not !
But someone is downhearted !
Witness the terrified flight of Hess , Hitler 's Number Three Man .
And listen to this -- listen carefully : " The British nation can be counted upon to carry through to victory any struggle that it once enters upon no matter how long such a struggle may last or however great the sacrifices that may be necessary or whatever the means that have to be employed ; and all this even though the actual military equipment at hand may be utterly inadequate when compared with that of other nations . "
Do you know who wrote that ?
Adolf Hitler in Mein Kampf .
And do you know who took down that dictation ?
Rudolf Hess .
We will help to make Hitler 's prophecy come true .
We will help brave England drive back the hordes from Hell who besiege her and then we will join for the destruction of savage and blood - thirsty dictators everywhere .
But we must be firm and decisive .
We must know our will and make it felt .
And we must hurry .
Harold Ickes - May 18 , 1941 The History Place - Great Speeches Collection [ The History Place Main Page | American Revolution | Abraham Lincoln | American Civil War | Child Labor in America 1908 - 1912 | U.S. in World War II in the Pacific | John F. Kennedy Photo History | Vietnam War | First World War |
The Rise of Adolf Hitler | Triumph of Hitler | Defeat of Hitler | Hitler Youth | World War II in Europe | Holocaust Timeline | 20th Century Genocide | Irish Potato Famine |
This Month in History | Books on Hitler 's Germany | History Videos | Hollywood 's Best History Movies ]
Terms of use : Private home / school non-commercial , non-Internet re-usage only is allowed of any text , graphics , photos , audio clips , other electronic files or materials from The History Place .
In a discussion with journalists from his home state of Connecticut , Senator Joseph Lieberman , Democrat - turned - independent but staunchly in the Republican presidential nominee ’s camp , offered a somewhat ambiguous assessment today of Gov. Sarah Palin ’s readiness to be president .
Asked by the Stamford Advocate whether Ms. Palin was prepared to be commander in chief , Mr. Lieberman said : “ Thank God , she ’s not going to have to be president from Day One.
McCain ’s going to be alive and well . ”
Later , he went on to say : “ Let ’s hope she never has to be ready because we hope McCain is elected and lives out his term .
But if , God forbid , an accident occurs or something of that kind , she ’ll be ready .
She ’s had executive experience .
She ’s smart .
And she will have had on - the - job training . ”
The Connecticut senator clearly was emphasizing the fact that he believes Senator John McCain , at age 72 , is healthy and will continue to be .
( Mr. McCain has had extensive surgery for melanoma , but has had no recent recurrence of the cancer . )
Still , many Republicans , pundits and leaders alike , have expressed concern in recent weeks about Ms. Palin ’s credentials and preparedness , sometimes coupling their worries with a mention of the age of the G.O.P. ’s presidential nominee .
( The heartbeat - away factor , no matter the cliche . )
And even as Mr. Lieberman reiterated his belief that Mr. McCain was better prepared to be president than Senator Barack Obama , he seemed to give a nod of approval to the Democratic nominee ’s qualifications for the job , indicating he might vote for him in the future .
In addition , Mr. Lieberman added that while he was “ working his heart out ” to ensure Mr. McCain ’s election , were Mr. Obama to win this year , he said : “ I ’m going to do everything I can to be bringing people together across party lines to support the new president so he can succeed .
What ’s at stake for our country is just too serious . ”
While that may be his intent , Mr. Lieberman ’s full - throated endorsement of Mr. McCain , his criticisms of the Democratic leadership on the war in Iraq and his extraordinary speech at the Republican National Convention have all but guaranteed that he may be frozen out of a walk - across - the - aisle kinda thing in the next session .
Especially since the aisle seems to be tipped more favorably toward a heavier lineup of Democratic desks in the chamber .
Terror in Moscow
The aftermath of the hostage take - over of the Moscow Theater calls for a reevaluation of Putin 's regime and the cause of Chechen independence .
In Moscow 750 people were held hostage on October 23 though 26 .
Nearly 50 hostage - takers under the command of Basaev demanded the end of Russian genocide in Chechnya .
The Russian government was given three days to comply with this demand , but never gave it serious consideration .
Instead it spent these days planning the attack that was conducted in the early morning of 26th of October .
A poisonous gas was used to incapacitate the hostage - takers inside the building .
The military entered and killed almost all terrorists .
The gas incapacitated hostages as well and killed 118 of them [ unofficial sources say the real figure is more than 200 ] .
Doctors were furious for not being warned and prepared .
It has been reported that many corpses were transported to hospitals , while those still alive were transported to morgues in panic .
People 's lives were lost due to lack of transportation , not enough space in the hospitals , and doctors were not told what substance was used ( recently announced to be Fentanyl , a potent opium - based narcotic that affects pain receptors and causes sleepiness and , in high doses , can lead to respiratory failure , and perhaps something else as well ) and therefore were not able to prescribe appropriate treatment .
That did not surprise Russians , however ; such irresponsibility by the authorities is commonplace there , and it is impossible to shock Russians with government 's actions that cost innocent lives .
During the takeover , the hostages were allowed to talk to the media .
One woman called Echo Moskvy ( a well - known radio station ) was talking at the moment when the attack started .
She said they could feel the gas in the building and they were trying to protect themselves by holding wet cloths at the mouth .
But so could the terrorists .
Women hostages speaking in Moscow Hospital Number 13 to RFE / RL's Tatar - Bashkir correspondent asserted that the terrorists knew about the gas , could smell it , and did nothing to blow everything up even though there was plenty of time .
The Russian government also fabricated the information that the terrorists started shooting the hostages earlier than promised if their demands were not met .
Officials kept saying that terrorists were shooting people and they had to go in .
The doctors and hostages are forbidden to talk to the Russian press and say what everyone suspects : this was another action of the Russian state against its own people in pursuit of political interests .
The amazing 80 % approval rating of ex-KGB officer Putin is the result of disinformation fed to the Russian public about the events in Chechnya , which are nothing but genocide , racial cleansing , mass rape , bombing of villages , and disappearance of people .
No wonder that almost all hostage takers were shot in their sleep during the attack .
Why ?
The Russian government does not want to have a public trial of terrorists that could turn into a trial of Russian genocide in Chechnya .
The terrorist leader Baraev was photographed dead with a bottle of cognac , which was placed into his hands after he was shot , bringing back the memory of Stalin 's tricks to humiliate his opponents even after their death .
The Russian press raised a lot of questions immediately after the operation .
After the initial hours of free expression , however , the Kremlin gave orders and criticism was replaced by praise to Putin and his lieutenants .
" We ca n't let the terrorists know what we really think " was the reasoning .
Reporters were forced to produce half - true reports .
Now , only days after the attack , the Duma is pushing for a new law limiting the media in connection to terrorist actions .
This law could completely erase freedom of speech in Russia ( at least in relation to the war on Chechnya ) .
The video of the spokeswoman for the hostage - taker group was never released on Russian TV .
One of the sites supporting the Chechen rebels — www.kavkaz.org  was shut down hours after the beginning of the crisis .
An antiwar demonstration by relatives of the hostages while the situation was still continuing was dispersed , and the demonstrators arrested .
They arrested relatives of the people held hostage ?
Yes .
Another antiwas protest demonstration planned by the Committee of Antiwar Actions in Moscow was forbidden by Putin .
Alexander Litvinenko , a former FSB agent who got political asylum in Britain , in his book Blowing Up Russia : Terror From Within – Acts of Terror , Abductions & Contract Killings Organized by Russia 's Federal Security Services , writes about the crimes of Russian high ranking officials and the Chechen wars .
The " government force structure " of Russia employs too many people used to being fed by the state and not willing to let that go .
In their fight for " survival , " they are prepared to do everything to suppress liberty in Russia .
The war on Chechnya is one of their tools to keep the population terrorized and obedient .
The war has no other reason for continuing ( or starting , for that matter ) than the Russian ruling elite 's lust for power and money .
Two wars against Chechnya in just the last 10 years have killed more than 100,000 civilians and completely destroyed cities and villages of the country .
The Forgotten Nation
In almost all Western narrations on the war in Chechnya , all attention is devoted to Russians .
At best the Chechens  who call themselves the Nokhchi  are present as some numerary dumb performers on the bizarre stage of Russian politics .
" There is something basic missing from most Western commentary on Russia 's ferocious war against the secessionist Chechen Republic : the Chechens themselves , " says the best Western authority on Chechnya , David Damrel of Oxford University .
While many analysts ponder Putin 's pursuit of his war in the Caucasus , " the Chechens appear as little more than an unexplored foil to the Russians . "
Most Western observers arrogantly dismiss their hopes and aspirations , their culture and history .
Only few Western intellectuals are concerned with the fate of this small and proud nation fighting for its independence for three centuries .
Anders Aslund , a former Swedish advisor to the Russian government believes that : " Finally the West should stand by its values and call Genocide in Chechnya by its true name and evoke the human rights provisions of the Helsinki accords . "
" It is high time , " writes professor of linguistics at UC - Berkeley Johanna Nichols " … to put a human face on a people of great dignity , refinement , and courage who have paid heavily for their resistance to conquest and assimilation . "
The story of Chechen suffering is long indeed .
It is also the history of Russian expansion into the Caucasus — a mountainous territory between the Black and Caspian Seas with a rich and ancient history of interaction among Greek , Persian , and Roman cultures and later — Islam and Christianity .
After the collapse of the USSR in December 1991 , four independent states — Russia , Georgia , Armenia , and Azerbaijan divided the region .
Over 50 religiously , culturally , and linguistically diverse nationalities and ethnic groups populate the Caucasus .
Northern Caucasus  a long - suffering province of Russia  is home of three " autonomous " republics : predominantly Muslim Chechnya , Dagestan , and Ingushetia .
" Islam , when it arrived in Chechnya , " writes professor Edward W. Walker of UC - Berkeley , " was mixed with traditional religious beliefs and practices , which may help explain why the brand of Islam adopted by the Chechens for the most part was Sufism  a mystical form of Sunni Islam that involves the " journeying " of a disciple ( the murid ) under the tutelage of an adept toward God and that in part rejects sharia law in favor of customary law ( adat ) .
In this respect , Sufism was particularly amenable to the Chechen 's traditional highlander culture , with its village - based individualism , egalitarianism , traditional practices , respect for elders , and opposition to hierarchy . "
" The Caucasian highlands were apparently relatively populous and prosperous in ancient times .
From the late middle ages until the 19th century , a worldwide cooling phase known as the Little Ice Age caused glacial advances and shortened growing seasons in the alpine highlands , weakening the highland economies and triggering migrations to the lowlands and abandonment of some alpine villages . "
This period of economic hardship coincided with the Russian conquest of the Caucasus that opened the first chapter in the ongoing tragedy of the Caucasus .
In 1780s Russian Empress Catherine the Great decided to expand Imperial Russia at the expense of its Southern neighbors .
Her troops under Field Marshal Aleksandr Suvorov won a war against Turkey ( 17871792 ) , and in 1792 signed the Treaty of Uassy which confirmed the takeover of the Crimea and paved the way for the Russian annexation of the Caucasus .
Russian troops , victorious over the Ottoman Empire , encountered fierce resistance by Caucasian Muslims led by their spiritual leader 
Sheikh Mansur Ushurma  who declared a jihad ( a holy war ) against the Russian invaders .
Sheikh Mansur and his Muslim mountaineers inflicted a crushing defeat on Czarist forces at the Sunzha River in 1785 and were briefly able to unite much of what are modern Chechnya and neighboring Dagestan .
In the beginning of the 19th century Russia succeeded in subjugating Chechnya .
This subjugation , however , was only formal .
Colonial administration was present only in the capital city , Grozny .
De facto , the country was controlled by the Sufi orders : " Naturally secretive and disciplined , with broad - based social support and foreboding mountainous terrain for cover , these orders have proven formidable adversaries for whoever has tried to rule the Caucasus . "
Full - scale armed revolt against the Russian occupation of Chechnya and Dagestan resumed in 1824 , when a series of Sufi leaders called Imams began a ferocious guerrilla war of independence that would last for over 30 more years .
The Russian Empire resumed its control over Chechnya only after the Crimean War , after defeating the religious leader of the Chechens , the legendary Imam Shamil .
Young Count Leo Tolstoy , who served in the Russian Imperial Army in Chechnya in the 1840s , was appalled by the unjust and atrocious colonial war , to the extent that he resigned from the army and wrote about the Chechen war praising Shamil .
Shamil and his followers belonged to a branch of the Naqshbandis Sufi order , an Islamic mystical brotherhood that originated in fourteenth century Bukhara .
" More traditional Muslim religious leaders often attacked the Sufi u2018cult of saints ' for non-Islamic practices , but from early on in the Caucasus , Sufism helped attract converts to Islam at a popular level and offered a powerful source of spiritual guidance and social identity . "
Under the leadership of these Sufi orders , Chechens rebelled against the Romanovs again in 1865 , 1877 , 1879 , and the 1890s and plagued Czarist rule in the Caucasus during the Bolshevik Revolution .
Chechnya Under Communism
Vladimir Lenin referred to Chechnya as the most backward outskirt of the Russian Empire  a prison house of nationalities  and declared that development of these regions would be the primary aim of the Bolshevik government .
This promise became one in the long line of the broken promises of socialism .
Instead , a beautiful mountain country with proud and industrious people were completely destroyed by Communism .
Stalin 's purges of 1937 and consequent deportation of all Chechens and Ingush from their homeland to uninhabitable regions of Kazakhstan in 1944 belongs to the most grim pages of the murderous history of the Soviet Union .
Chechens tried to fight back : the independence movement led by Sheikh Uzun Haji battled for eight years against the White and the Red armies to create a " North Caucasian Emirate . "
The categorical and uncompromising Uzun Haji , whose tomb remains a major pilgrimage site for Chechen Muslims , saw little difference between the Czarist Russians and the godless communists .
" I am weaving a rope , " he was quoted by his enemies , " to hang engineers , students , and in general all those who write from left to right . "
His uprising was suppressed in 1925 and he , with many of his followers , was executed by the Soviet regime .
Since then there have been various Chechen rebellions against Soviet occupation , as well as resistance to collectivization , anti-religious campaigns , and Russification .
Branding the Sufis " bandits , " " criminals , " and " counter - revolutionaries , " the Soviets continued to arrest , execute and deport the freedom fighters until the beginning of the Second World War .
During the war , when disturbances occurred in Chechnya in 1940 and again in 1943 , Stalin responded with genocide .
Accusing whole nations of collaborating with Nazi Germany , Stalin forcibly deported the Chechens and Ingush , as well as the Karachay , Balkar , Crimean Tatars , and Volga Germans en masse to Kazakhstan and Siberia .
During deportations , these nations lost at least one - quarter and perhaps half of their population in transit .
All told , more than a million Muslims from the Caucasus were deported , and by some estimates , one - third to one - half of the population of Chechen - Ingushetia alone  well over 250,000 people  disappeared after the republic was liquidated in February 1944 .
The former Speaker of the Russian parliament Ruslan Khasbulatov ( an ethnic Chechen himself ) told us that over a half of the Chechens were exterminated as a result of the Stalin 's " wise policy towards nationalities . "
Chechens in Grozny tell blood - freezing stories of deportation : People crowded into cattle cars without food , water , or sanitary facilities for several days , corpses transported with children , killings of innocent protesters at the railway stations by KGB guards .
Chechen publicist Mohammad Shashani gives the following description of Soviet atrocities of deportation :
" On the eve of February 23 , 1944 , all citizens of the Chechen - Ingush Autonomous Republic were to celebrate the Red Army Day in the public squares of every town .
Security forces surrounded each public square and the military commander read to the citizens of each town the Decree of the Supreme Soviet of deporting the whole Chechen people to Central Asia and was ordered to report to specific deportation centers in few hours …
Some men reacted in defiance to the order and were shot on the spot .
The rest of the people were collected from each home by the security forces and forcibly loaded on trucks and taken to deportation centers .
In some villages where transportation to the deportation depots was not available the people were herded into barns , doused with gasoline and burned alive .
In one town called Khaybakh 700 people including men , women and children were burned alive , and this heinous act was repeated in twelve other villages in Chechnya .
The deportation process itself was cruel and not worthy of human beings .
Hundreds of people were packed into each wagon .
I have talked to some survivors and they said that they had to stand up in the wagons packed like sardines with the windows of the trains boarded up and with no stops for food and hygiene .
Many people suffocated and died and their bodies stayed in vertical positions until the train stopped at its predetermined intervals and then and only then were the bodies taken out and dumped on the side of the railway with no permission to bury any of the dead .
The deportation process included truck and train transportation and walking to reach the designated areas of banishment .
Thousands died from lack of food and medicine .
Typhus spread among the deportees and many perished from this disease .
Once the deportees reached their destination they were sent to forced labor camps and the Chechens were the major source of slave labor that built highways in Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan and Kirghizstan through rough mountainous terrain . "
The Chechens spent more than a decade in work / death camps in Kazakhstan .
But by all accounts , the forced resettlement failed to break either the Sufi brotherhoods or Chechen national spirit .
Describing the fearsome " psychology of submission " that prevailed in Soviet relocation camps , Russian author Alexander Solzhenitsyn observed that only one people refused to be broken by the ordeal : " There was a nation as a whole  the Chechens  who rejected the psychological submission … they were openly proud and hostile to authorities and never tried to please anyone in search of favors or better conditions for themselves "
After Khrushchev 's denunciation of " Stalin 's cult of personality " at the Twentieth Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1956 , the Chechens and other exiled victims of Stalinism were proclaimed " rehabilitated " and returned to their homeland ; they found that their land had been " Russified . "
Hundreds of thousands of Russian and Ukrainian farmers brought in to work the land during their absence had become permanent residents and now comprised a quarter of the region 's population .
Chechens lost land , economic resources , and civil rights ; under both Soviet and Russian governments , they have been the objects of official discrimination .
Upon return from the Gulag , Chechens , Ingush , and Daghestanis also discovered that they were no longer permitted to profess their religion .
The Soviet authorities decided to prohibit Islam in the region , closing more than 800 mosques and 400 religious colleges .
Mosques were demolished , converted into state museums , or made inaccessible .
This measures against mainstream Islam had , however , very little impact on the Sufi brotherhoods , which had never relied on mosques .
Indeed , the orders themselves  particularly the Naqshbandis  are noted to this day for organizing their own clandestine Arabic classes and schools to teach Islam .
A new Sufi brotherhood  called the Vis Haji after its founder Vis Haji Zagiev  was founded during the deportation years in the camps .
The Vis Haji order combines scrupulous adherence to fundamentalist Islam with fierce anti-Soviet and anti-Russian rhetoric .
" Vis Haji zikr , employing violins and drums , also accounts for some of the order 's popularity .
Attractive even to nonmembers , zikr performances sometimes provide the basis for public assemblies and displays during religious holidays in many Chechen villages .
In another unique practice , women are welcome to participate in Vis Haji zikr , and there are reports of women shaykhs leading their own circles of female adepts .
Crucial in preserving Chechen Muslim identity during the exile , the Vis Haji are recognized today as the most active and innovative order in the Caucasus . "
In 1978 , Soviet authorities in the Caucasus decided to “ legalize " Islam and allowed 40 mosques to reopen and staffed them with 300 registered ulema .
It was no surprise that the long - suffering Chechens declared their independence immediately upon the collapse of the Soviet Union in December 1991 .
So did fifteen other nations recognized today by the United States and the world community .
The case of Chechens was different  according to the Stalin 's Constitution of 1936 only " Sister union " republics were granted a right to independence , not " autonomous " republics like Chechnya .
The only difference is that Stalin assigned different status to different parts of his empire .
Surely Chechens or Tatars or Dagestani have as much right to nationhood as , say , Georgians , Armenians . or East Timorese .
The Chechens are a colonized people who have been conducting a struggle against imperial Russia and the imperial Soviet Union for more than 200 years .
It is remarkable that Stalin 's Constitution , repealed even by the Russian Parliament , is still a valid document for the Bush administration and other Western governments , which refuse to recognize the right of the oppressed nationalities of Russia to self - determination .
Only courageous Estonia , also a victim of Stalin 's genocide , recognizes and supports the Chechen government and people .
Terrorism is always wrong , whether it 's private or State , but it is about time that in the stale asphyxiating atmosphere of imperialistic chauvinism we should turn our attention to the plight of people whose suffering and desperation are absolutely unbearable .
Russia , out of Chechnya .
November 4 , 2002
Tanya Andghuladze [ send her mail ] , a free - lance writer and commentator , was born in Russia and now lives and works in Chicago .
Yuri Maltsev [ send him mail ] , a member of the senior faculty of the Ludwig Von Mises Institute , was a Leading Researcher at the Academy of Sciences in Moscow before he defected to the US in 1989 .
What is TwitterGadget ?
TwitterGadget is a full - featured client for Twitter.com , designed to submit & view status updates via your favorite homepage service , or directly in any browser .
Despite its compact design , Twitter Gadget packs more features into a smaller amount of space than any other web - client available .
Tweeting from home ?
From your workplace ?
From School ?
We 've got you covered .
I woke up this weekend to the extremely welcome news that the State of Connecticut has legalized gay marriage , joining Massachusetts and California as the only three U.S. states with full marriage equality for gay and lesbian couples .
Although seven other states have civil unions or domestic partnership laws , as did Connecticut before this ruling , the state supreme court held that this was not enough .
I used to believe that civil unions were an acceptable compromise , but I do n’t believe that anymore .
The Connecticut ruling cited the same argument that persuaded me : drawing a legal distinction between civil unions and marriage is the same reasoning as the “ separate but equal ” argument that was once used to justify racial segregation .
The concept of marriage has existed for millennia , but the concept of civil unions has not .
By barring gay couples from the former , the state is advancing an unsubtle claim that they are somehow different , not worthy of the same recognition as straight couples .
This is the same attitude and reasoning that perpetuates discrimination in the first place .
With its enlightened ruling , the Connecticut Supreme Court has recognized the obvious truth that the partnerships of gay couples are no different from the partnerships of straight couples , and deserve nothing less when it comes to legal rights .
Way to go , Connecticut !
The religious right must be aware that the tide is turning against them on this issue .
Polls have found increasing tolerance and support for gay marriage , which ensures that rulings like these are just the leading edge of many more to come .
It ’s very plausible that America will have full marriage equality , at least in law , within a generation .
Anti-gay bigots may be able to slow the tide of change , but they can not stop it .
That said , one such effort is underway in California .
Bigots of the religious right have successfully placed a measure , Proposition 8 , on the ballot this fall .
If it passes , this measure would overturn that state ’s supreme court decision and make gay marriage illegal – an astonishing blast of raw hatred that would tear apart the thousands of marriages already obtained by gay couples in the state .
For the sake of marriage equality , and for the rights of all Americans , not just gay Americans , to direct their lives free from religious tyranny , this measure must be defeated .
Although most polls have found that Californians are opposed to Prop 8 by a slim majority , recent polling has detected a worrying uptick in support .
Much of this can be blamed on the Mormon church , whose members are pouring millions of dollars into the state to outlaw gay marriage .
If their efforts help pass Prop 8 , it would n’t be the first time the Mormons have successfully impeded moral progress .
From Under the Banner of Heaven :
Over the years , the Mormon leadership has made numerous pronouncements about the “ dangers ” of the feminist movement and has excommunicated several outspoken feminists .
But perhaps the greatest rift between Mormon general authorities and advocates for women ’s rights occurred when the LDS Church actively and very effectively mobilized Mormons to vote as a bloc against ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment …
Most political analysts believe that had the LDS Church not taken such an aggressive position against the ERA , it would have been easily ratified by the required thirty - eight states , and would now be part of the U.S. Constitution . ( p.25 )
Of course , more traditional Christians have joined the Mormons in their campaign of hate .
A suitable example can be found at the Evangelical Outpost , which cites a video by the right - wing Family Research Council encouraging its members to vote for Proposition 8 .
The video purports to be documentation of the grave harm done in Massachusetts by the legalization of gay marriage .
I was curious , since I ’ve heard many religious right polemics against gay marriage , but never an explanation of what bad effects they fear would result if it were to be legalized .
The video features a Christian couple in Massachusetts who were upset that their elementary - school - age son was taught about gays and gay marriage .
I watched the whole thing , waiting for them to explain how this would lead to greater harm , but there was no follow - up .
In their eyes , that was the harm : that their son was merely made aware of the existence of gay couples .
Evidently , they want to preserve their right to keep their children ignorant of ways of life other than their own .
How dare the public schools teach our kids tolerance , was their message , when we want to teach them to fear and hate !
Were there people who raised the same complaint after interracial marriage was legalized , that teaching about the existence of such a thing interferes with their parental right to teach their children racism ?
Bigots like the Mormon leadership and the Family Research Council hide their hatred behind a smiling mask or dress it up with hollow slogans about “ family values ” .
But disguise it however they will , they cannot conceal its fundamental ugliness .
What they want is not the freedom to lead their own lives as they see fit , but the power to reach into the lives of others to oppress , tyrannize , and enforce their own narrow and archaic views .
Gay and lesbian couples are human beings and deserve the same rights as anyone else : the right to live in peace , to raise families , to pledge their devotion and spend their lives with the people they love .
They deserve those rights , and it is up to us to protect them .
If we win the vote in California – if marriage equality is affirmed not just by the courts , but by popular acclaim – this will be a crushing blow to the anti-gay bigots and will delegitimize their cause as no other development could .
This November , much is at stake .
Will you join in the fight to liberate human freedom from the prejudices of the past ?
Andy sez ,
In a move that seems to be happening without comment from the Australian media , the Australian government is introducing a censorship regime ostensibly targeted at stopping teenagers accessing online porn .
But rather than being an opt - in system , it 's " opt-out " .
I use the scare quotes because , and this is most insidious part , you can't actually opt out – you can merely be placed on a alternative blacklist which , instead of blocking " content innappropriate for children " , block any material deemed to be illegal .
The fact that it will likely reduce everyone 's internet performance is secondary ;
It will most likely incorrectly block 1 % of sites , and now what you are allowed to view online is determined and controlled by the state ( although most likely quite inaccurately ) .
The rationale is that since they 're setting it up anyway , they 're morally obliged to block traffic deemed illegal :
" Illegal is illegal and if there is infrastructure in place to block it , then it will be required to be blocked – end of story . "
I do n't think I need to go into too much detail about the potential threat to our civil liberties .
People of Australia , please write to your MPs to voice your opposition to this .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - British researchers said on Monday they might have discovered how schizophrenia affects part of the brain by carrying out tests with “ Special K , ” a popular club drug that mimics the symptoms of the mental illness .
Their work may lead to the development of new drugs to treat the condition and to a better understanding of how existing treatments work , said Mark Cunningham , a neuroscientist at Newcastle University in Britain , who led the study .
The findings also underscore the dangers of abusing ketamine , the drug the researchers used , which can cause feelings of detachment and has become popular among clubbers in recent years , he added .
“ This puts together bits of evidence that may change the way we think about the disease , ” Cunningham said in a telephone interview .
Schizophrenia , characterized by hallucinations , delusions and disordered thinking , is far more common in men than in women and is usually diagnosed in late adolescence or early adulthood .
Anti-psychotic drugs can help , but they do not cure the mental illness and can have unpleasant side - effects , including sometimes dangerous weight gain .
Researchers do not know what causes schizophrenia but most experts believe both genetic and environmental factors play important roles , Cunningham added .
The researchers looked at how ketamine affected the brains of rats .
The drug is often used in schizophrenia research because it mimics many of the disease ’s behavioral symptoms in humans and animals .
In their study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the team showed how the drug disrupted the same electrical brain wave patterns in rats that go haywire in humans with schizophrenia .
Specifically , the drug blocked so - called NMDA receptors in the brain , preventing them from working properly by causing a certain type of brain cell to malfunction .
Knowing how the NMDA receptors , which are involved in memory , go wrong on these particular cells and eventually unhinge the normal brain wave patterns opens up new areas of research into schizophrenia , Cunningham said .
“ What we would like to do next is find out more about how these types of receptors work on these brain cells , ” he said .
“ Then we can think more about designing novel drugs to boost the activity of these receptors . ”
In the past , I gave away frozen sperm vials that I had stored at a sperm bank , to a few women desiring to get pregnant by artificial insemination with donor sperm .
My sperm bank could ship the sperm vials to most places in the USA .
I helped women of many races .
I did medical tests , including AIDS , with a 6 month quarantine , to try to minimize risks , and also because mandated by law .
I signed a " known - donor " agreement which allowed children conceived to meet me if they chose , once turning 18 .
I also helped with a few IVF cycles ( including providing sperm and sharing costs ) and even did a few cycles involving a surrogate mother and egg donor ( again I helped pay the costs ) .
About me ( the sperm donor ) : I am Caucasian , 6ft tall , with black hair , fair skin , 170 lbs .
I am fertile - I already have 4 healthy children .
I am leader of a small research group in a medium sized computer software company .
I hold more than 10 patents for various inventions , I hold an advanced university degree from one of the world 's top science universities , I got straight A average in my university courses .
I won various awards for competitive sports while in high school .
To see photos of me ( the sperm donor ) as a child , click here or click on the pictures above .
To find out more about me ( the sperm donor ) , click here .
williamn@alumni.caltech.edu is my email address .
People I have helped or their offspring , or anybody else who has questions or comments should feel free to contact me .
Guilty By Association Crisis Stalls McCain's Presidential Campaign
John McCain 's chances of winning the White House are getting slimmer and slimmer .
After a series of gaffes , his running mate has fallen back down to Earth and the financial crisis has exhausted the supply of rabbits he can pull out of his hat .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Global markets turned sharply lower Wednesday , despite emergency action by global central banks that had initially calmed skittish investors .
Stock markets worldwide had briefly recovered after the United States , Canada , England , the European Union , Sweden and Switzerland announced coordinated interest - rate cuts at 7 a.m. ET .
But sentiment turned , and investors sent stocks falling way down to the low levels seen in the hours before the joint cut was issued .
In Germany , a leading stock index had been trading flat just after the announcement , but finished the session down 5.9 % .
Stocks in Paris were down 6.31 % , after having been down just 0.2 % .
Stocks in London were down 5.2 % after having risen slightly .
In New York , the Dow Jones industrial average was volatile , moving in and out of positive territory , but managed to rise by 1 % later in the day .
( Full coverage )
Markets in Latin America fared no better .
In Colombia , stocks were down 5.9 % , while Argentina 's major index fell 4.3 % .
Stocks in Brazil rollercoastered through the day plunging 5.1 % at open , then recovering , and then trading back down down 3.1 % .
Stocks in Chile also lost 3.5 % , and Mexico 's primary index was up just 0.3 % .
Markets in Asia were already closed by the time the central banks acted .
Investors in Japan suffered one of their worst days ever , with the Nikkei down more than 9 % .
Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index plunged 8.2 % , even as the Hong Kong Monetary Authority announced it would lower interest rates a full percentage point starting Thursday .
A Russian stock exchange was shut down after a huge decline at the open .
European governments step in
Three European central banks announced that they were pumping more money into the system to keep banks going .
The most dramatic move was in Great Britain , where the Treasury announced a plan to inject billions of dollars into the banking system .
British Finance Minister Alistair Darling announced the program shortly before markets opened in Britain .
" This is a major step , " Darling told CNN affiliate ITN .
" Never before have we been in a position where the government is actually saying to banks , ' You 've agreed with us that you 're going to raise more capital .
If you can't do it in the normal way on the markets , we 'll actually provide the funds to enable you to do that . ' "
The goal of the effort , carried out in consultation with the nation 's central bank and regulators , was to provide immediate relief and free up lending .
" In these extraordinary market conditions , the Bank of England will take all actions necessary to ensure that the banking system has access to sufficient liquidity , " according to a British government statement .
" In its provision of short term liquidity the [ central ] bank will extend and widen its facilities in whatever way is necessary to ensure the stability of the system . "
Under the British plan , the largest banks have agreed to increase their capital by $ 43.7 billion and the government " stands ready " to provide $ 43.7 billion if necessary .
Among the banks participating in the program are global financial leaders Barclays , HBOS and Royal Bank of Scotland .
The government also said it is increasing the amount of long - term funding it is providing to banks under a special liquidity plan announced in April .
Since then , the British government has made more than $ 176 billion available to banks .
Darling said that amount will now be increased to at least $ 350 billion .
" This is not a time for conventional thinking or outdated dogma , but for the fresh and innovative intervention that gets to the heart of the problem , " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said .
Brown and Darling said the plan would ensure the flow of money between banks and their customers .
They said it would " unjam " any potential freeze by lenders jittery about global markets and liquidity .
Separately , the European Central Bank , the Bank of England and the Swiss National Bank offered $ 90 billion in overnight money to the financial sector , the Associated Press reported .
The ECB offered up $ 70 billion , while the BoE and the Swiss bank each offered $ 10 billion .
-- The CNN Wire reports were used in compiling this article .
Soyuz carrying Austin tourist on way to space station Soyuz launches with ex-astronaut 's son
Entrepreneur from Austin paid $ 30 million for space station trip
Richard Garriott , the son of a former NASA astronaut , is the world 's sixth space tourist since 2001 .
Richard Garriott , the son of a former NASA astronaut , is the world 's sixth space tourist since 2001 .
Photo : DMITRY LOVETSKY , AP Photo : DMITRY LOVETSKY , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Soyuz carrying Austin tourist on way to space station 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
After a flawless liftoff on Sunday , a Russian Soyuz spacecraft sped toward the international space station carrying three American and Russian astronauts , including Austin space tourist Richard Garriott .
The spacecraft was on course to dock with the 220 - mile - high orbital outpost on Tuesday , shortly before 4 a.m. CDT .
The Soyuz capsule carries NASA astronaut Mike Fincke , 41 , who will take command of the station through April , and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Lonchakov , 43 , who will serve alongside Fincke as the station 's flight engineer .
Garriott , the 47 - year - old son of former NASA Skylab astronaut Owen Garriott , paid the Russian space agency $ 30 million to become the world 's sixth space tourist since 2001 .
" I am so thankful for this opportunity , " Richard Garriott wrote on the Web site of Space Adventures , the Virginia - based company that brokered his 11 - day mission .
The Soyuz rose from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 2:01 a.m. CDT .
The launch was monitored in Houston by NASA 's Mission Control at the Johnson Space Center .
Though born in Cambridge , England , Richard Garriott grew up in Nassau Bay , one of the Houston suburbs surrounding NASA 's Johnson Space Center , while his father trained for and flew a 60 - day mission aboard Skylab in 1973 and a 10 - day space shuttle flight in 1983 .
Unable to meet the medical requirements to become an astronaut , the younger Garriott used his skills as a software programmer to develop computer games , including the Ultima series .
He found the new field so lucrative that he dropped out of the University of Texas , but he stayed in Austin , where he lives in a modern - day castle that overlooks the city .
During his flight , Richard Garriott will participate in medical experiments and educational activities , as well as monitor experiments sponsored by drug companies .
The Austin entrepreneur is scheduled to return to Earth late on Oct. 23 with Sergei Volkov and Oleg Kononenko , the station 's current commander and flight engineer , aboard a second Soyuz parked at the orbital outpost .
Fincke 's crew will oversee the installation and activation of new life - support equipment on the station .
The gear , which is scheduled to be delivered during a November space shuttle mission , will equip the station to accommodate six full - time astronauts in May .
" This is a pretty pivotal mission for us , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , NASA 's spaceflight chief .
" These guys will be very , very busy . "
mark.carreau@chron.com
Chronically ill Americans suffer far worse care than their counterparts in seven other industrial nations , according to a new study by the Commonwealth Fund , a New York - based foundation that has pioneered in international comparisons .
It is the latest telling evidence that the dysfunctional American health care system badly needs reform .
The results of the study , published by the respected journal Health Affairs , belie the notion held by many American politicians that health care in this country is the best in the world .
That may be true at a handful of pre-eminent medical centers , but it is hardly true for the care provided to a huge portion of the population .
The Commonwealth Fund ’s survey of 7,500 patients in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Britain and the United States focused on patients who suffered from at least one of seven chronic conditions : hypertension , heart disease , diabetes , arthritis , lung problems , cancer or depression .
The care they received in this country  or more often did not receive  ought to be a cause for shame .
More than half of the American patients went without care because of high out - of - pocket costs .
They did not visit a doctor when sick , skipped a recommended test or treatment or failed to fill a prescription .
The uninsured suffered most , but even 43 percent of those who had insurance all year skipped care because of costs .
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) -- Hong
Kong stocks went on a wild roller - coaster ride Thursday before ending little changed , with the session highlighting investor worries about a raging global financial crisis as well as anguish over beaten - down valuations .
In a stunning turnaround , the benchmark Hang Seng Index lost more than 1,350 points in the morning session to its lowest level in more than two years , only to claw back all of the lost ground and then some in the closing moments .
The index , which lost 15.2 % in the previous six sessions , finally ended 0.03 % lower at 17,632.46 .
The sharp recovery was aided by news that the Federal Reserve and other major central banks planned to inject hundreds of billions of dollars worth of liquidity into the financial system in a bid to thaw frozen short - term money markets .
See full story .
" It 's very volatile market and people have different interpretations of the government policies in the U.S. and China .
But overall , I do think liquidity is still very tight in U.S. and China .
There might not be too much money to prop up the markets sharply in the short term , " said Y.K. Chan , strategist at Phillip Capital Management in Hong Kong .
Patrick Shum , strategist at Karl Thomson Securities , said the recovery occurred because local stocks were oversold .
The bounce was spurred by buying in market heavyweight China Mobile and Chinese banks , which staged a sharp turnaround in the afternoon .
China Mobile ( 941 ) CHL , - 2.18 % ended 4.3 % higher , after dropping more than 6 % earlier in the day .
Bank of Communications ( 3328 ) rose 1.8 % and Ping An Insurance ( Group ) Co. of China ( 2318 ) climbed 2.3 % , also erasing early losses .
Analysts attributed the steep sell - off earlier in the day to investors ' attempts to raise cash amid tight liquidity conditions around the world .
" As the credit crunch continues to spread , institutional investors are trying to dump shares , as Hong Kong has good liquidity , " said Castor Pang , a strategist at Sun Hung Kai Financial .
Rest of region
Markets elsewhere in the region ended mostly lower , though most of them also came off their respective intraday lows .
In Tokyo , the Nikkei 225 Average fell 2.2 % to end at 11,489.30 , its lowest level since June 2005 .
The broader Topix index dropped 2.1 % to 1,097.68 .
China 's Shanghai Composite fell more than 6 % during the session , before ending down 1.7 % at 1,895.84 .
Australia 's S&P / ASX 200 dropped 2.4 % to 4,607.30 , while South Korea 's Kospi slid 2.3 % to 1,392.42 , surrendering most of its gains from the previous session .
New Zealand 's NZX 50 index fell 3.4 % , Singapore 's Straits Times index rose 0.5 % by late afternoon , and Taiwan 's Taiex shed 2.7 % .
India 's Sensitive Index , or Sensex , fell 0.2 % to 13,230.69 in the afternoon , after losing more than 4 % in the early minutes .
Despite the recovery toward the close , analysts expected the recent slump in global markets to continue .
Phillip Capital 's Chan said he expected the Hang Seng Index to find support around the 16,000 - point level .
Separately , Citigroup strategists wrote in a note that " a combination of falling asset prices , solvency fears and counterparty concerns is raising systemic risks in respect of the current financial crisis . "
" De-leveraging by the consumer is likely to weigh on developed - world gross - domestic - product growth for some time .
Our findings suggest the process of removing the financial excesses has only just begun , " they added , referring to high levels of consumer debt .
Regional detail
Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui SMFJY ( 8316 ) dropped 6.6 % , while Australia & New Zealand Banking Group ( ANZ ) ( ANZ ) ANZBY , - 1.69 % fell 3.4 % in Sydney and 8 % in Wellington .
Australian financial firms were hurt especially severely , with Macquarie Group MQBKY , - 0.65 % ( MQG ) plummeting 23 % while Babcock & Brown ( BNB ) sank 17 % .
Shares of Citic group companies were in focus in Hong Kong , after CNBC reported earlier in the day the Chinese group was in talks with Morgan Stanley for a possible deal .
Shares of China Citic Bank Corp. ( 998 ) lost 4.9 % in Hong Kong , but rose 6.2 % in Shanghai , rebounding from steep early losses .
Other banking stocks also bounced off the day 's lows in Shanghai , as bargain buyers snapped them up after they suffered heavy losses recently .
Industrial & Commercial Bank of China rose 0.6 % and Bank of China gained 2.7 % .
Concerns that credit markets could dry up because of the crisis in the financial sector also hurt shares of real estate and property companies as well as steelmakers .
Shares of Mitsubishi Estate MITEY , - 0.44 % ( 8802 ) lost 6.2 % in Tokyo and CapitaLand CLLDY , - 0.82 % shares fell 5.8 % in Singapore , while Cheung Kong ( Holdings ) ( 1 ) CHEUY dropped 5 % in Hong Kong .
Among steelmakers , Nippon Steel Corp. ( 5401 ) NISTY shed 5.2 % in Tokyo and Baoshan Iron & Steel Co. dipped 2.9 % in Shanghai , while shares of Posco PKX , - 0.83 % dropped 1.2 % in Seoul .
In Asian currency trading , the U.S. dollar bought 104.78 yen , compared with 104.73 yen Wednesday .
October crude - oil futures fell 68 cents to $ 96.48 a barrel in electronic trading , after surging $ 6.01 to $ 97.16 a barrel Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Palestinian medical sources reported on Sunday that two Palestinians were killed after the Israeli army bombarded an area in the northern part of the Gaza Strip .
Palestinians Killed By Israeli Fire In Gaza – Palestine - Info OSCAILTIMAGE( attachments/jan2010/killed_in_gaza.jpg 300 0 )
Palestinian medical sources reported on Sunday that two Palestinians were killed after the Israeli army bombarded an area in the northern part of the Gaza Strip .
Israeli tanks , stationed close to northwestern area of the Gaza Strip opened fire at the two residents and fired rounds of live ammunition into the area .
The two were near the evacuated former settlement of Doughit .
Palestinian medics were not able to retrieve the bodies of the two residents due to continued Israeli fire , while local sources reported that the two are day laborers .
Last week , the Israeli army killed three workers while trying to collect scrap metal near the northern borders of the Gaza Strip .
The Israeli army claimed that the shells targeted fighters trying to fire homemade shells into adjacent Israeli areas .
Meanwhile , an Israeli military spokesperson claimed that the army had nothing with the shelling .
The ruins lie silent and abandoned in the heart of the jungle ; blocks of stone surrendered to the vines , which twist and writhe over temples , plazas and pyramids .
Weeds and forest creatures have colonised the inner sanctums ; mahogany and cedar trees swallow what once were roads , blotting out the sun .
This is Tikal , the ancient Mayan city of northern Guatemala .
There was a time when tens of thousands of people lived here .
The architecture and urban planning - there are epic monuments , boastful inscriptions and even courts for playing ball games - embody boundless human confidence .
Today the only voices are of murmuring tourists , interlopers into a domain of spider monkeys and jaguars .
" The imagination reels .
There are reliefs , pyramids , temples in the extinguished city .
The ... sound of flapping wings trickle into the immense sea of silence , " wrote Miguel Ángel Asturias , Guatemala 's Nobel laureate .
Shortly after its apogee , around AD800 , the Mayan civilisation , the most advanced in the western hemisphere , withered .
Kingdoms fell , monuments were smashed and the great stone cities emptied .
Tikal now stands as an eerie embodiment of a society gone wrong , of collapse .
How it came to pass is a question that has long fascinated scholars .
Titles such as Ancient Maya : The Rise and Fall of a Rainforest Civilization fill faculty bookshelves .
It has also provided fodder for literature and films , most recently Mel Gibson 's Apocalypto .
There is a grim , irresistible appeal to this tale of central American oblivion .
Recent events have injected a jarring note into Mayan studies : a sense of anxiety , even foreboding .
Serious people are asking a question that at first sounds ridiculous .
What if the fate of the Maya is to be our fate ?
What if climate change and the global financial crisis are harbingers of a system that is destined to warp , buckle and collapse ?
No one is suggesting that vines will start crawling up the concrete canyons of Wall Street , or that howler monkeys will chase pin-striped bankers through Manhattan .
Mayan kings who screwed up were ritually tortured and sacrificed with the aid of stingray spines to pierce the penis ; an emphatic application of moral hazard .
In our era , the only thing slashed is a bonus .
There are , however , striking parallels between the Maya fall and our era 's convulsions .
" We think we are different , " says Jared Diamond , the American evolutionary biologist .
" In fact . . . all of those powerful societies of the past thought that they too were unique , right up to the moment of their collapse . "
The Maya , like us , were at the apex of their power when things began to unravel , he says .
As stock markets zigzag into uncharted territory and ice caps continue to melt , it is a view increasingly echoed by scholars and commentators .
What , then , is the story of the Maya ?
And what lessons does it hold for us ?
According to Diamond 's thesis , this : the ancients built a very clever and advanced society but were undone by their own success .
Populations grew and stretched natural resources to breaking point .
Political elites failed to resolve the escalating economic problems and the system collapsed .
There was no need for an external cataclysm or a plague .
What did for the Maya was a slow - boiling environmental - driven crisis that its leaders failed to recognise and resolve until too late .
" Because peak population , wealth , resource consumption , and waste production are accompanied by peak environmental impact - approaching the limit at which impact outstrips resources - we can now understand why declines of societies tend to follow swiftly on their peaks , " wrote Diamond in a 2003 article , The Last Americans : Environmental Collapse and the End of Civilization .
The idea is expanded in his book Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed .
The link between environmental , economic and political stress is clear , says Diamond .
" When people are desperate and undernourished , they blame their government , which they see as responsible for failing to solve their problems . "
A visit to the jungle ruins in the Yucatán peninsula , stretching from southern Mexico down to Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras and Belize , is a humbling experience .
There is sticky , sapping heat and squadrons of biting , stinging mosquitoes .
The Maya were not a homogenous empire like the Inca or Aztecs but a series of squabbling kingdoms .
The first settlements have been dated back to 1800BC but what is known as the " classic " period started much later , around AD250 .
The final period - zenith and collapse between AD750 and AD900 - is known as the " terminal classic " .
Tikal , deep in the forest of Petén in northern Guatemala , was one of the Mayan capitals , a sprawling complex of limestone structures that was home to up to 100,000 people .
Kings doubled up as head priests and political leaders .
There were acropolises with hieroglyphs and pyramids with flat roofs from which astronomers and mathematicians mapped the planets and calculated calendars .
The Maya accomplished all this without pack animals - no cows , mules or horses to heave and push , just human muscle - and with limited water , which forced reliance on rainfall .
By AD750 there were several million in the region , most of them farmers .
Monuments and palaces became ever grander as kings and nobles competed for glory .
And then everything went pear - shaped .
Archaeological records show monument building abruptly stopped , as did the boastful inscriptions .
There is evidence that palaces may have been burned .
Most dramatically , the population vanished .
Over a few generations numbers withered from millions to tens of thousands , maybe even just thousands .
Most abandoned the cities and migrated north .
The birth rates of those who stayed tumbled .
( Mathematically , Russia 's population decline is on a similar trajectory ) .
By the time Spaniards clanked into southern Yucatán in the 1500s there was hardly anyone left .
Today , lush vegetation has reclaimed Tikal , turning everything mossy and green , but the temples , the tallest pre-Columbine structures , rise high over the canopy .
George Lucas used Tikal as the site for the rebel base in the first Star Wars film .
To explain the mysterious collapse some scholars posit an invasion , or disease , or shifting trade routes , or a drought .
There is wide agreement , however , that a leading cause was environmental pressure .
" The carrying capacity of the ecosystem was pushed to its limits , " says Marcello Canuto , an anthropology professor at Yale .
Lakes became silted and soils exhausted .
Tilling and man-made reservoirs provided more food and water but population growth outstripped technological innovation .
Complex and organised it may have been but Mayan society resembled a frog who stays in slowly boiling water , says Canuto .
" Things were brewing within the system that were not picked up until too late . "
When the political elites did react they made things worse by offering greater sacrifices to the gods and plundering neighbours .
" The kingdoms were interdependent and there was a ripple effect .
They did not respond correctly to a crisis which , in hindsight , was as clear as day . "
The environmental trouble built up over centuries and was partly concealed by short - term fluctuations in rainfall patterns and harvest yields .
But when the tipping point came , events moved quickly .
" Their success was built on very thin ice .
Kings were supposed to keep order and avoid chaos through rituals and sacrifice , " says David Webster , author of The Fall of the Ancient Maya .
" When manifestly they could n't do it people lost confidence and the whole system of kingship fell apart . "
Which brings us to modern parallels .
Webster , watching the season 's first snowflakes through the window of his office at Pennsylvania State University , has been waiting for the question .
Pinned to his wall is an old clipping about the fall of Enron Corporation in 2001 .
" That was the first tremor , " he muses .
" You know , human beings are always surprised when things collapse just when they seem most successful .
We look around and we think we 're fat , we 're clever , we 're comfortable and we do n't think we 're on the edge of something nasty .
Hubris ? No : ignorance . "
Some anthropologists hesitate to make direct links between ancient and modern societies , deeming it out of academic bounds .
Not Webster .
" In common with the Maya , we 're not very rational in how we think about how the world works .
They had their rituals and sacrifices .
Magic , in other words .
And we also believe in magic : that money and innovation can get us out of the inherent limits of our system , that the old rules do n't apply to us . "
He snorts .
This is a modish view these days but it was considered cranky luddism back during the 1980s stockmarket boom and the 1990s dotcom bubble .
That was when masters of the universe bestrode Wall Street and Francis Fukuyama caught the triumphalist liberal economic zeitgeist with his book The End of History and the Last Man .
That era , to borrow from Star Wars , feels a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away .
Now Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers are history and governments are taking over banks and propping up markets .
If traders and their mumbo jumbo about securitisation and derivatives resemble Mayan priests chanting in their temples then Bush and Gordon Brown are the hapless kings who egged them on rather than query the " magic " .
As chancellor , Brown blessed the conjuring .
" In budget after budget I want us to do even more to encourage the risk - takers , " he said in 2004 .
Now the frailty is revealed and instead of Gordon Gekko's " greed is good " we are hearing Shelley 's Ozymandias : " Nothing beside remains .
Round the decay /
Of that colossal wreck , boundless and bare /
The lone and level sands stretch far away . "
Canuto sees an unhappy precedent .
The Mayan kings who allowed their era's crisis to spin out of control were unfit to remedy it , not least because they were invested in the broken system .
" The ones who caused the crisis are the ones you do n't want trying to resolve it . "
Bush , by coincidence of timing , is on his way out but Britain 's prime minister and other G8 leaders are hanging on .
Several commentators have argued that the financial crisis is but a squall compared with the ecological hurricane they say is coming .
A European study estimates deforestation alone is causing a loss of natural capital worth between $ 2 trillion and $ 5tn annually .
" The two crises have the same cause , " wrote George Monbiot in the Guardian earlier this month .
" In both cases , those who exploit the resource have demanded impossible rates of return and invoked debts that can never be repaid .
In both cases we denied the likely consequences . "
With ecology the stock from which all wealth grows , the financial and environmental crises feed each other , says Monbiot .
If so , the Maya offer an ominous glimpse of what may lie in store .
" Their population growth was like driving a car faster and faster until the engine blew up , " says Webster , the anthropologist .
" Look at us .
I 'm 65 .
When I was born there were two billion people in the world , now we 're approaching seven billion .
That 's extraordinary . "
Eventually pressure on scarce resources will overwhelm technology - and do for us as it did for the Maya .
" The western conceit is that we can have it all - and call it progress , " says Webster .
His voice drops .
" I 'm glad I 'm not 30 years old .
I do n't want to see what 's coming in the next 40 to 50 years . "
Armageddon , like hemlines , is prone to changes in fashion .
It has been on a roll with films such as 28 Days Later , I Am Legend and Blindness , which posit a world grimmer than anything Hobbes envisaged .
Cormac McCarthy 's post - apocalyptic novel , The Road , was hailed as an environmental fable .
" By day the banished sun circles the earth like a grieving mother with a lamp , " he writes , before introducing baby - skewering cannibals .
That too is being made into a film .
Webster does not think things will get that bad .
" Not like Mad Max , " he says , managing to sound almost cheery .
" But definitely unpleasant . "
The gloom may be misplaced .
Reports of capitalism 's death have been exaggerated before and it has stubbornly survived Karl Marx , the Great Depression , world wars and oil shocks .
And in contrast to the Maya , it is possible our technology will prevail over population and environmental pressures .
Malthusian doomsayers have consistently underestimated the capacity of better irrigation , pesticides , new strains of crops and other technologies to boost food yields .
The rate of population growth is slowing and human numbers are expected to peak at around 9.2 billion by 2050 before declining .
That Asians are moving more and more to western - type diets and consumer baubles will strain resources , acknowledges the Economist .
But do n't worry : " There is no limit to human ingenuity . "
If the gloomy environmental prognosis is correct , and global warming is set to wreak major havoc , what are the chances we will respond better than the Maya ?
Electing Bush instead of Al Gore suggests limited wisdom in picking kings , and emasculating the Kyoto treaty was perhaps as sensible as burning corn harvests to appease the gods .
When Republicans chant , " Drill , baby , drill ! " it is not much of a stretch to picture them , barefoot and in traditional huipil shirts , rooting for another sacrifice .
Nevertheless there are promising omens .
Governments are beginning to assign monetary values to natural " assets " such as forests , a conceptual leap that could reinvent economics .
The EU has set up a carbon - trading market to get industry to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
The UN is pushing for a new climate treaty in which governments will pay tropical countries billions of dollars annually to leave their forests untouched .
Ecuador has already requested $ 350 m a year in exchange for leaving 1bn barrels of oil beneath its Amazon floor .
" I believe the 21st century will be dominated by the concept of natural capital , just as the 20th was dominated by financial capital , " says Achim Steiner , head of the UN environment programme .
Even so , would that be enough ?
Civilisations rise - and collapse - for many different reasons .
If there is a simple lesson to be drawn from central America 's abandoned ruins it is to protect the environment and control population growth , says Michael Coe , author of the seminal 1966 text , The Maya .
" No civilisation lasts for ever .
Most go for between 200 and 600 years . "
The Maya , Romans and Angkor of Cambodia lasted 600 .
And us ?
" Western civilisation began with the Renaissance , so we 're hitting 600 years , " says Coe .
" The difference is we have a choice whether to let things get worse or fix them .
That 's what science is about .
But it takes will on the part of those who govern and those who are being governed . "
Coe , one of the world 's leading experts on civilisation collapse , pauses .
" To tell you the truth , I do n't know if we have that . "
One of governor Palin 's very few actually documented achievements in office as governor has been what she has described as a breakthrough in constructing an oil pipeline .
Here 's how she put it in her convention address :
“ And when that deal was struck , we began a nearly $ 40 billion natural gas pipeline to help lead America to energy independence . "
And here 's how she put it earlier this year :
When the Legislature ratified the choice of TransCanada this summer , Ms. Palin called a news conference to hail the deal , saying that the state had finally obtained a commitment to build the pipeline .
In fact , the entire pipeline is at this point as reality - based as that " Mission Accomplished " banner :
The pipeline exists only on paper .
The first section has yet to be laid , federal approvals are years away and the pipeline will not be completed for at least a decade .
In fact , although it is the centerpiece of Ms. Palin ’s relatively brief record as governor , the pipeline might never be built , and under a worst - case scenario , the state could lose up to $ 500 million it committed to defray regulatory and other costs .
And at her news conference declaring a commitment to build the pipeline , she was forced to concede later she had been ahead of herself :
After some of her aides offered a more restrained assessment , she dialed back her exuberance , saying , “ We ’re not turning dirt yet . ”
Under the most optimistic circumstances , dirt is not expected to be turned for years .
TransCanada ’s plan calls for it to file an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission by the end of 2011 , and to have the pipeline operational by late 2018 .
The company is not obligated to proceed with the project even if it clears all the financial and regulatory hurdles .
In assessing the state of the project , Mr. Galvin , the state revenue commissioner , avoided the characterization that Ms. Palin employed in her convention speech .
For the record .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
With large PPC customers comes large problems !
Manipulating keywords and producing new combinations is great when you have 50 keywords , when working with 50,000 keywords the PPC professional needs to make a choice between getting RSI and getting their macro on !
With very little knowledge you can brute force a lot of simple problems using macros , here is a quick introduction to macro semantics and some functions that PPC has called for !
1. VBA Basics
To program visual basic for excel we need to define our own functions and create buttons or define actions that initiate them .
To create a new vba function for a button - click , create a button using the ‘ Control Toolbox ’ / ‘ Developer ’ -‘ Insert ’ menu and double click it .
This will automatically create an on - click sub program for you to work in .
You also need to declare some variables to work with :
Dim inty1 , inty2 , inty3 as Integer
For the purpose of the macros I introduce you will only need the Integer ( number ) and String types , this allows us to load numerical and text values from Excel cells and perform functions on them without having to re-read them into excel .
If you want to know more about the different number types then check out this MSDN article ( essential if you plan to use numbers in the tens of thousands ) .
To reference an excel cell you can call the Cells function specifying the row and column i.e. :
Cells ( Row , Column )
so :
inty1 = Cells ( 1,2 )
would reference the cell B1 and loads its contents into inty1 .
You will also find it useful to loop through a range of cells , for example if you wanted to perform a function on columns A & B ( such as checking them against a complex criteria ) and place the result in Column C .
There are several loop types but to keep things simple we can work with FOR loops , for these you need to specify what criteria you wish to loop for i.e .
For inty1 = 3 To 15 Cells ( 1 , Inty1 ) =Cells ( 1 , Inty1 ) +5
Next
In the above example you see that we can use inty1 to sequentially set the value of some cells , the Next keyword clarifies the end of the For loop where the program returns to the start and increments inty1 .
Note that the Cells function can be used to set the value of a cell as well as read it .
2. Function : Compare Two Large Ranges For Subsets
We are designing a macro that will perform the same as the excel Find ( ) function for each cell in a column to find if the contents of that cell are in any of the cells in an adjacent column .
For small data sets , especially of the same size there are easier and quicker ways of making this comparison but as soon as you hit a few dozen rows and columns of different sizes then a macro becomes handy .
This macro is very simplified and will only look for occuraces of X in Y ( not Y in X ) but is incredibly easy to fix and modify , for occurances of Y in X simply swap the input columns around !
Create the above layout in a new sheet [ click to enlarge ] , 4 columns have been coloured in , a button created and 2 blank fields outlined in the centre .
The first 2 columns are our inputs and the last 2 columns are our outputs , the macro will explain their function more .
Private Sub Activate_Click // sub = sub-phrase // com = comparison Dim subRow , listRow , hashSubRows , hashListRows , outputRow as Integer outputRow = 2 // skip over the column titles and output at row2 hashSubRows = Cells ( 1 , 4) +1 // Read in the number of sub rows and convert to Row # hashListRows = Cells ( 2 , 4) +1 //
Read in the number of list rows and convert to Row # For subRow = 2 To ( hashSubRows ) For comRow = 2 To ( hashListRows ) If ( InStr( Cells ( comRow , 2 ) , Cells( subRow , 1 ) ) >
0 ) Then // InStr is similar to Find( ) , if it returns > 0 // - that ’s a positive hit !
Cells ( outputRow , 10 ) = Cells( subRow , 1 ) // Write column1 to output Cells ( outputRow , 11 ) = Cells ( comRow , 2 ) // Write column2 to output outputRow = outputRow + 1 // Write to the next row next time End If Next Next End Sub
A seasoned programmer will quickly realise that there is room for improvement in this macro , we could easily :
automatically detect the end of the range and not need to enter the number of rows
automatically remove duplicates from the output
clear the output columns before the macro starts
I leave implementing these to you !
3. Directly Call Excel Functions Within A Macro
A whiz on Excel but lost as to which VBA function to use ?
Most Excel functions can be called directly within a Macro i.e .
Application.WorksheetFunction.Sum( inty1,inty2 )
4. Function : Substitute Multiple Different Values Into All The Cells of a Range
Does this look familiar ?
= Substitute ( substitute ( Substitute ( substitute ( Substitute ( substitute ( Substitute ( substitute ( … .
As far as I know Excel 2003 allowed eight substitutions if you had the patience to write them .
Let ’s put point # 3 into practice .
As before , replicate the below template [ click to enlarge ] and code .
Dim subRow , comRow , outputRow As Long outputRow = 2 For subRow = 2 To ( Cells ( 1 , 4 ) + 1 ) For comRow = 2 To ( Cells ( 2 , 4 ) + 1 ) If ( InStr( Cells ( comRow , 2 ) , Cells( subRow , 1 ) ) >
0 ) Then Cells ( outputRow , 5 ) = Cells( subRow , 1 ) Cells ( outputRow , 6 ) = Cells ( comRow , 2 ) outputRow = outputRow + 1 End If Next Next
Notice how we can refer to Cells directly , although this would n’t be ideal for hundreds of substitutions it makes for a very short macro .
5 . The Automatically Refreshing Pivot
Create your pivot and get your layout how you like it , right click the pivots sheet and click view code , from the drop down list select your worksheet and the sub “ Worksheet_Activate ( ) ” which allows you to specify a function to run every time the worksheet is opened .
Private Sub Worksheet_Activate () PivotTables ( " PivotTable1 " ) .
Refresh End Sub
This works best if you play with the Pivot options to disable ‘ AutoFormat ’ ( which resets the layout every refresh – very irritating ) and enable ‘ AutoSort ’ on your desired field .
Using this method I prefer to make “ Templates ” – a blank but formatted excel book with an automatically refreshing pivot on the 2nd sheet with pretty colours and large fonts which will turn your weekly input data into something fancy with minimal intervention .
A final comment on pivots :
If there is only one table on your worksheet then you can let your pivot see the entire worksheet and simply filter out blanks , to do this enter $ A : $ Z into the range selection at the start of the pivot wizard .
Remember to replace $ Z with a column thats way past your last column , you can re-arrange your table and the macro / pivot will still work but inserting blank columns or renaming columns used in your pivot will cause errors .
6. Function : Create All Combinations of W&X&Y&Z
This macro will create a brute - force list for all combinations of the inputs , Create the below template [ click to enlarge ] :
Enter ‘ 1 ’ for blank columns and the number of rows to read for inputted columns .
Dim col1 Row , col2 Row , col3Row , col4Row , noCol1 Rows , noCol2 Rows , noCol3 Rows , noCol4Rows , outputRow As Integer outputRow = 6 noCol1 Rows = Cells ( 1 , 2 ) noCol2 Rows = Cells ( 2 , 2 ) noCol3 Rows = Cells ( 3 , 2 ) noCol4Rows = Cells ( 4 , 2 ) For col1 Row = 6 To ( noCol1 Rows +
5 ) For col2 Row = 6 To ( noCol2 Rows +
5 ) For col3 Row = 6 To ( noCol3 Rows +
5 ) For col4Row = 6 To ( noCol4Rows + 5 ) Trim ( Cells ( outputRow , 5 ) = Cells( col1Row , 1 ) & " " & Cells ( col2Row , 2 ) & " " & Cells( col3Row , 3 ) & " " & Cells( col4Row , 4 ) ) outputRow = outputRow + 1 Next Next Next Next
You can carefully remove some of the FOR loops to reduce the comparison to just Z&Y , Z&Y &W or insert more loops to your hearts desire but remember to create all of the necessary variables and carefully change the template if you want extra loops .
7. Some Extra Information
You may find your large comparison macros take a long time to run , Excel may be refreshing the page every single time a calculation is made , to combat this toggle screen updating at the start of your sub :
Application .
ScreenUpdating = False Application.xlCalculationManual
And then resume at the end if desired :
Application .
ScreenUpdating = True Application.xlCalculationAutomatic
Happy Macroing !
Obituary : Barrington J. Bayley
UK science fiction writer Barrington J. Bayley , born 1937 , died yesterday , October 14 , 2008 , at the age of 71 , from complications following bowel cancer .
Bayley 's first published story was " Combat 's End " in Vargo Statten Science Fiction Magazine in 1954 .
In the 1960s he published regularly in New Worlds magazine and then various New Worlds anthologies , with notable stories including " All the King 's Men " ( 1965 ) , " The Ship of Disaster " ( 1965 ) , and " The Four - Color Problem " ( 1971 ) .
His idiosyncratic , complex , sometimes gloomy novels began with Star Virus ( 1964 , US publication 1970 ) and included over a dozen novels published in the US by Ace and later DAW , among them Collision Course ( aka Collision with Chronos , 1972 ) , The Fall of Chronopolis ( 1974 ) , The Soul of the Robot ( 1974 ) , The Garments of Caean ( 1976 ) , and The Zen Gun ( 1982 ) .
Most recent works include novel The Sinners of Erspia ( 2002 , Wildside Press ) and short stories " The Multiplex Fixative " in Fantasy Annual 5 ( 2003 ) and " Party Smart Card " in Nature March 30 , 2006 .
John Clute in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction ( 1993 ) noted Bayley 's influence on writers such as M. John Harrison , and wrote
perhaps because BJB 's style is sometimes laboured and his lack of cheerful endings is alien to the expectations of readers of conventional space opera , he has yet to receive due recognition for the hard - edged control he exercises over plots whose intricate dealings in time paradoxes and insistent metaphysical drive make them some of the most formidable works of their type .
Fan site Astounding Worlds of Barring Bayley includes this profile of his career , with a photo of the author , who is called the " zen master of modern space opera " .
- -
» Wikipedia
The US air force and NASA have launched a joint research push to advance hypersonic flight technology .
The air force research lab and space agency are seeking university and industry partners , and are offering $ 30 m in funding .
Hypersonic for this purpose is defined as five times the speed of sound or faster .
Thus far , very few vehicles have operated in such flight regimes .
In general , when seeking to move extremely fast around the world , it is more normal to lift a craft out of the atmosphere on a rocket - as in the case of intercontinental missiles .
A few jet aircraft can briefly exceed Mach 3 ( the MiG - 25 Foxbat interceptor could do so just once if required , knackering its engines in the process ) , and the famous turbo - ramjet SR - 71 " Blackbird " Cold War spyplane could reach such speeds repeatedly .
But so far no known runway - landing , air - breathing plane has beaten Mach 4 .
" We have identified three critical research areas : Air - breathing propulsion , materials and structures , and boundary layer control , " said James Pittman , top NASA hypersonics boffin , in a statement released yesterday .
" These three areas are the biggest hurdles to successful hypersonic flight and low - cost space access using an air - breathing engine . "
NASA has longed hoped to develop reliable aircraft which could take off and land on runways , and fly many times faster than sound while still inside the atmosphere using air - breathing engines .
Such planes would avoid one of the big problems of today 's orbital - launch rockets - the need to carry oxidiser as well as fuel .
An airbreather engine could instead use oxygen from the atmosphere , saving large amounts of weight .
The hope is that re-usable hypersonic space planes of tomorrow might accelerate almost to orbital speed needing very little oxidiser , perhaps mainly using relatively ordinary jet fuel rather than exotic rocket juice .
All this could cut down the present enormous costs of access to space - or alternatively allow the military 's missiles , planes etc. to go a lot faster .
But the problems of getting fuel to burn in a hypersonic airstream are huge , and so is the matter of preventing an airframe from simply melting when shoved through relatively dense air at terrific speed .
Then , as Pittman says , there 's the matter of boundary layer control - preventing dangerous turbulence developing close to the speeding aircraft , which could easily wreck it or send it out of control .
The Pentagon 's famous bad - boy scientists , DARPA * - who slap the pendulous jowls of established wisdom with the gauntlet of disregard - had previously suggested that all these issues could be sorted out on the fly .
DARPA 's wingnut - boffins reckoned they should be given $ 750 m from 2009 to get on with building a runway hyperjet which would be able to barrel - roll at Mach 6 .
However , sceptical politicos on Capitol Hill have given the so - called " Blackswift " project a severe trimming , making near - future success even more doubtful than it would be ordinarily .
It now appears that NASA and the USAF reckon to commit relatively minor funds to basic research before starting work on any actual aircraft .
There 's more on becoming a National Hypersonic Science Center and getting hold of the grant money here . ®
* The Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency .
The four - month Presidential transition from Hoover to FDR illustrates the perils of a government changeover during a time of economic crisis .
There is much we can learn from it today ; doubtless , Senator Obama 's transition team has been studying it already .
The Presidential interregnum from November 8 , 1932 until March 4 , 1933 was quite possibly the most dangerous period in modern American history .
During this period of essentially leaderless government , the U.S. economy ground to a halt , so many banks failed that most states enacted ‘ bank holidays , ' and millions of workers were left unemployed and hopeless .
This was the last extended Presidential transition before the enactment of the Twentieth Amendment shortening the transition time .
In the winter of 1932 - 1933 , private relief organizations , dependent on private largesse , were collapsing under the weight of increased demand .
Likewise , today with so many Americans facing hardships in 2008 - 2009 , charitable organizations now find themselves financially strapped and unable to fill the relief gaps created by government budget cuts at all levels During the Depression , self - help and barter cooperatives were set up to provide some means of support for those in need .
We may have to revisit such temporary , ‘ stop - gap ' solutions .
In many cities during 1932 - 1933 , municipal workers went without pay as many cities approached bankruptcy .
Today , Vallejo , California has already declared bankruptcy , and many other local governments are teetering on the brink .
A local and state government financial crisis is looming , and some communities may only to survive this winter with diminished essential services .
The 1932 -1933 crisis saw the rise of both right - wing and left - wing movements – and demagogues , as well as farmer demonstrations to stop foreclosures , extensive labor unrest , and the growth of Hoovervilles .
If , today , unemployment levels mushroom and home foreclosures continue to increase , we may see parallels : movement to both right and left of the political spectrum , anti-foreclosure demonstrations , labor turbulence , and a dramatic growth in homelessness .
Already , most homeless shelters and food shelves are strained beyond capacity .
To make matters worse , President Hoover attempted to restrict as much as possible the policy options of the incoming FDR Administration .
Herbert Hoover , like his successor 75 years later , thought that the economy was " fundamentally sound , " and that the crisis was one of simple investor confidence , not of structural economic deficiencies .
During the 1932 -1933 interregnum , he sought by various stratagems to force FDR 's acquiescence to the following policy guidelines : 1 ) no tampering or inflation of the currency ; 2 ) a balanced Federal budget , even if higher taxes were required ; and 3 ) maintenance of government credit by restrictions on Federal borrowing .
FDR steadfastly refused to sign up for what was perceived as an endorsement of Hoover 's failed policies .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
By narrowing the choices , the lame - duck Bush Administration has already forced both candidates to accept its prescription of a financial bailout .
During the transition period , Bush and his advisers may attempt to further restrict what policy options remain open to a possible Obama Administration .
Hoover also insisted on linking economic recovery to international issues like repayment of allied war debts .
In 2008 - 2009 , it is undeniable that there is a global dimension to the economic crisis , but , as in 1932 - 1933 , there is very little that the U.S. government can do directly about the situation .
We should remain vigilant regarding the political repercussions of the economic downturn , especially in critical countries like Russia and China that are deeply affected by the crisis .
( It must be remembered that Hitler became German Chancellor on January 30 , 1933 , when Germany was suffering both from the worldwide depression and from hyper-inflation . )
A lame - duck session of Congress convened between December 5 , 1932 and March 4 , 1933 , but accomplished very little .
The Democrats had a small majority in the House and depended on several Republican Progressive votes for a majority in the Senate .
Today the situation is similar : the Democrats have the narrowest of majorities in the Senate , with Sen. Lieberman – McCain 's steadfast supporter – representing the swing vote .
In the Hoover lame - duck session , there were several declaratory moves to balance the budget , legalize beer , and provide farm relief .
As President - elect , FDR played a balancing act by seeking to placate conservative Democratic leaders in Congress , along with activist Progressives .
No one was quite sure what the New Deal entailed when he was inaugurated on March 4th .
If elected , Obama will hopefully refuse to bend to pressures from the Bush Administration and will remain purposely vague about the details of his economic recovery program .
Unemployment is rising today , and , by next January 20th , programs to get people back to work could well be the highest priority of the incoming Administration .
Development of a ‘ green jobs ' initiative might find a favorable political environment .
But programs of immediate , direct assistance , perhaps modeled on the New Deal 's Works Progress Administration , might also gain political traction .
One of the last remaining pillars of the Reagan " consensus " is the refusal to countenance direct Federal relief programs .
Swelling unemployment rolls , coming on the heels of the 2008 financial crisis , may well overwhelm any residual resistance .
Obviously , history can only serve as a guide , not a prescription , to the policymaker .
But the 1932 -1933 transition does offer political lessons that may be useful as a new Administration takes over in 2009 .
Word on the street is that as the economy worsens , cookbook sales rise .
Is n’t that American ?
Would n’t one think that cookbook check - outs at the library might go up instead ?
Perhaps it has .
Chosen method of procurement aside , I ’m not begrudging you the investment in a superior culinary tome –I spent too much time looking at one yesterday , although I was able to walk away without a purchase .
But I also already have a good library of cookbooks at my disposal that I ’ve picked up over the years that allow me to cook great meals , from whole foods , in my own kitchen .
If you ’re a fledgling home cook , or just someone looking to eat at home more to save a little money , here ’s a list of comprehensive cookbooks , vegan , vegetarian , and meat - eater , that have proved themselves to me time and time again .
Mark Bittman ’s How to Cook Everything or How to Cook Everything Vegetarian .
Bittman champions the idea that anyone can cook and cook well , and these volumes are infamous for their ability to empower people to do so .
Both of these must - haves contain over 1,500 recipes that build a basic repertoire of skills and dishes .
If you can master Bittman ( and he thinks you can ! ) you can easily move on to more difficult recipes .
Vegan With A Vengeance or Veganomicon .
If you keep an animal - free kitchen , or are just looking for delicious vegan meals to prepare on occasion , these books by Isa Chandra Moskowitz ( the latter co-authored by Terry Hope Romero ) are a great start to cooking really , really tasty food that makes you forget about meat .
The ladies behind Post Punk Kitchen focus on what you can eat , not what you ’re missing , and the results are fantastic .
They make vegan accessable and tasty .
Deborah Madison ’s Vegetarian Cooking for Everyone .
Deborah Madison knows how to write clear and simple directions for really , really good food .
I thumbed through VCfE this morning to find a tasty soup recipe ( I went with summer tomato with shallot , by the way ) .
The book is beautiful , packed full of tips , tricks , and skills , and will leave you knowing how to manipulate vegetables into any kind of dish you could want .
She ’s also my go - to for classic baking recipes , because of baking ’s precise nature and her ability to write clear directions , I feel less inclined towards disaster .
Simply In Season .
By Mary Beth Lind and Cathleen Hockman - Wert , this cookbook my mom picked up for me in Door County is organized by season , you ’re always cooking with what ’s fresh and available .
With plenty of meatfree dishes ( and suggestions for modification for meat - based ones ) , this is good for most kitchens .
The reason why I love it the most is that Lind and Hockman - Wert do n’t make me dread that stretch of winter where fresh , local produce is few and far between .
We can still eat well and try to eat local .
The Moosewood Series has reputation for being on the …crunchier side , but Mollie Katzen and the Moosewood Collective always put forth a variety of recipes from their restaurant that people love , and I ’m no different .
My favorite is Moosewood Restaurant New Classics , which I cook from all the time for quick and simple veggie classic dishes .
The Silver Spoon .
Known as the Italian cooking bible , this book is hefty –with over 2,000 recipes organized by ingredients .
This is real Italian cooking , and although sometimes information is lost in translation ( seriously , read through everything first to make sure it makes sense , because there are a few glaring typos ) if you love the varied cuisine of Italy ( as we do in our Italian - roots household ) , you will love this book .
For me , The Silver Spoon represents moving away from American cuisine and moving towards cooking methods of the world .
Check out other cookbook reviews on Green Options below .
Readers :
What cookbook would your kitchen be incomplete without ?
Related Posts
In the last two weeks -- if I am reading the Federal Reserves ’ balance sheet data correctly -- the Fed has :
Increased " other loans " to the financial system by around $ 230 billion ( from $ 23.56 b to $ 262.34 b ) ;
Increased its " other assets " by about $ 80 b ( from $ 98.67 b to $ 183.89 b ) ;
Increased the securities it lends out to dealers by $ 60 b ( from $ 117.3 b to $ 190.5 b ) ;
That works out to the provision of something like $ 370 b of credit to the financial system in a two week period .
That may be a bit too high : the outstanding stock of repos felll by $ 40 b ( from $ 126 b to $ 86 b ) , leaving a $ 330 b net change in these line items .
But that is still enormous .
The most that the IMF ever lent out to cash strapped emerging economies in a year ?
$ 30 b , in the four quarters through September 1998 ( i.e. the peak of the 97 - 98 crisis ) .
The most the IMF ever lend out over two years ?
$ 40 b , in the eight quarters through June 2003 ( this covered crises in Argentina , Brazil , Uruguay and Turkey )
This is a very real crisis .
The Fed ’s balance tells a story of extraordinary stress .
I never would have expected to see the Fed lend out these kinds of sums over such a short - period .
And what have the rest of the world ’s central banks done over this period ?
There has been a lot of talk that central banks would abandon US assets because the perceived risk of holding dollars ( and Treasuries ) has gone up .
The custodial data though do n’t provide much evidence to support this theory .
Over the last two weeks , the Fed ’s custodial holdings have increased by over $ 40 b , rising from $ 2394.7 b to $ 2435.9 b .
Treasuries account for over $ 30 b of the increase , but Agency holdings are rising as well .
Chalk up one ( minor ) success for Paulson .
Right now , it seems like central banks are running into the safest US assets , not running away from the dollar .
That of course could change .
But it is hard to square a $ 20 b weekly increase in the New York Fed ’s custodial holdings with a story based on a fall in central bank demand for dollars .
For that matter , it is hard to square the $ 425b increase in the New York Fed ’s custodial holdings since last September with all the of the angst about the dollar ’s status as a reserve currency .
If anything , the pace of growth in the Fed ’s custodial holdings over the past two weeks strikes me as stronger than the likely pace of global reserve growth .
That suggests to me that central banks are shifting funds out of the commercial banks ( and money market funds ) into Treasuries that can be held at the Fed ’s custodial accounts .
I would bet that central banks are shifting money to the BIS as well .
Remember , most central banks do not have a mandate to take credit losses .
They can take currency losses -- as currency risk is implicit in the notion of foreign exchange reserves .
But having money in a bank that fails would be very hard for most to explain .
Note that all my data compares the data for the end of the reporting week , i.e the data for September 24 to the data for September 10 .
UPDATE : I should have noted a fall in the Fed ’s repos with the banks in my initial post .
The changes in the Fed ’s balance sheet are so large that I am not sure that I still know how to read the report , so please attach an error bar to the numbers above ( apart from the numbers on the custodial holdings ) .
I may have missed some additional credit extension , or some offsetting items .
The basic story though is clearly true : the changes in the Fed ’s " other loans " alone are enormous .
The haunting title ’s a six - word short story , attributed to Ernest Hemingway .
Catherina
Fake asks her readers to write their own , and the results are priceless .
My favourites :
Lucky , yes , but my twin was n’t .
That ’s how winter came that year .
The last man on Earth sits in his house .
There is a knock at the door .
( not six words but still great . )
“ Adam , apples are delicious ! ” 
“ Uh oh . ” 
They lived , they suffered , they died .
Walking home , she regained her virginity .
Today , I threw her toothbrush away .
Malkovich !
Malkovich Malkovich , Malkovich Malkovich : Malkovich !
( three words is enough ) “ I ’m your dad ? ” 
The fascination comes from what is n’t said in each of these stories .
( via SvN )
I love traveling .
I hate ironing .
Therefore , I do not , and never will , own a stupid travel iron .
Yeah , why do n’t I also pack a travel toilet brush and some Toilet Duck and clean my hotel room shitter while I ’m on vacation ?
Irons are for sporadic home use only , and even then , with expletive - filled disdain .
However , these sci - fi movie poster ads for eta travel irons are ridiculously cool .
I want to steal them for my own portfolio .
I want to hang them in my bedroom .
I want to see the movies !
It ’s Mega - eta vs. Mechagodzilla !
Tokyo terrorized by clashing steel behemoths !
Monstrous Mega -eta steams through the Japanese capital in search of its robot foe , flattening every Gap store ( there are several ! ) along the way .
Irony !
The wonderful campaign was created by ad agency Kaspen in Prague ( I hate you creative bastards ) .
After the jump , view an updated War Of The Worlds , where an alien armada of irons lays waste to the City Of Light , including an inglorious toppling of the Eiffel Tower .
( images via BestAdsOnTV .
There ’s also a Rome version . )
Posted by copyranter on September 25th , 2008
Filed under Advertising , End of the World , Japan , Travel
Barry Steinhardt ,
Director , ACLU Technology & Liberty Program
Thursday , Oct 23 , 2008
You ’re driving along a remote , dusty road , when suddenly you come upon a border patrol checkpoint .
There , agents demand to see your identity papers , and search your car .
You are taken by surprise , because you know you have n’t wandered across the Texas - Mexico border .
In fact , you ’re quite sure of that , because you ’re driving through rural Wisconsin countryside west of Green Bay .
Even the Canadian border is more than 90 miles away .
This scene is not as far - fetched as you might want to believe .
The government is turning vast swaths of our country into a “ Constitution - Free Zone ” in which U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) is allowed to exercise extraordinary authority that would not normally be permitted under the Constitution .
The government says that “ the border ” — where there is a longstanding view that the Constitution does not fully apply — actually stretches 100 miles inland from the nation ’s “ external boundary . ”
And increasingly , we are seeing DHS vigorously utilize that authority .
Today we held a press conference at the National Press Club here in D.C. to try to draw attention to this problem — and the fact that , as we showed , nearly two - thirds of the U.S. population live within this “ Constitution - Free Zone . ”
That ’s 197.4 million people .
( Article continues below )
We calculated this using the most recent , 2007 numbers from the U.S. Census , and released a map showing the cities and states that are enveloped by this zone .
It includes some of the largest metropolitan areas in the country : New York City , Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles and Portland , Oregon .
States that are completely within this Constitution - Free Zone include Connecticut , Delaware , Florida , Hawaii , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Hampshire , New Jersey , and Rhode Island .
When you say “ border , ” they think “ all of New England . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
CBP has been setting up checkpoints far inland — on highways in states such as California , Texas and Arizona , and at ferry terminalsin Washington State .
Typically , the agents ask drivers and passengers about their citizenship .
People are also reporting that even after they provide passports or state driver ’s licenses , CBP continues to interrogate them and try to pressure them into permitting a search .
At our press conference today in the National Press Club here in DC , two U.S. citizens described their experiences with CBP .
Vince Peppard , a retired social worker , told of being stopped and harassed by the border authorities at least 15 miles from the Mexico border with his wife , Berlant .
Craig Johnson , a music professor at a San Diego college , told how he participated in a peaceful demonstration near the border to protest against the destruction of a state park so that offense could be constructed along the U.S. border .
CBP agents monitored the protest and collected the license plate information of those who participated .
Since this protest , Mr. Johnson has twice crossed the U.S. - Mexico border and , each time , he has been pulled aside for additional screening .
He was taken to another room , handcuffed and questioned .
On his first crossing , he was also partially stripped and subjected to a body cavity search .
A CBP agent also told Mr. Johnson that he was on an “ armed and dangerous ” list .
Before the protest , Mr. Johnson crossed the U.S. - Mexico border numerous times without incident .
It is difficult to believe that his subsequent harassment at the border is unrelated to his protest activity .
If it is related , that would constitute a significant abuse .
Congress needs to hold hearings to investigate these egregious violations of Americans ’ civil liberties , and then pass new laws protecting Americans ’ rights .
I guarantee you that if these powers are not challenged , if the American people do not push back , sooner or later a factory worker in southern New Hampshire , a farmer in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia , or yes , some guy driving across rural Wisconsin , will wake up to find that they have lost their right to go about their business , and travel around inside their own country , without interference from the authorities .
This article was posted : Thursday , October 23 , 2008 at 3:45 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Despite pleas from environmentalists and wildlife groups , the Scottish government has approved Donald Trump ’s plans for a $ 1.5 billion golf resort along the Aberdeenshire coastline , an area previously designated as a ‘ Site of Special Scientific Interest . ’
The government defends the decision by pointing to the hundreds of jobs the 2,000 - acre facility will create amid a damaged economy .
The facility is expected to generate $ 100 million annually for the Aberdeenshire community .
The government has essentially given Trump free reign to do what he ’d like with the land with little - to - no environmental supervision .
Wildlife groups had hoped to form a compromise , but instead , Trump ’s development will not be required take the wildlife habitat into account whatsoever .
“ The crazy thing is that there could easily have been both golf and environmental protection at Menie , ” said Jonny Hughes , head of policy at the Scottish Wildlife Trust .
“ This decision will mean needless destruction to a unique and nationally important site . ”
Final plans have yet to be completed , but within a couple months , Trump will begin constructing 1,000 homes and apartments , a 450 - room hotel , and two golf courses .
The resort is scheduled to open Spring 2011 .
Originally the proposal faced opposition from Martin Ford , the former chairman of Aberdeenshire Council ’s planning committee .
“ A billionaire ’s vanity project has been put ahead of a Site of Special Scientific Interest , ” he said .
“ The decision to build a golf course on an SSSI amounts to wanton vandalism .
It is gratuitous , because at the inquiry it was demonstrated that it was possible to accommodate the golf course on the estate without using the SSSI . ”
Michael Forbes takes personal offense to the plan : he owns a farm right in the middle of the area planned for the resort .
He refused a buy - out from Trump earlier this year .
Photo Credit : Mad Paul on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
PRIVATE investigators will no longer need to have sex with prostitutes to gather evidence against illegal brothels .
Under new laws before Parliament , the State Government has made it easier for local councils to prove an illegal brothel is operating in their area .
Previously , in a bizarre and controversial situation , private investigators had to pay and receive sexual services from prostitutes so local councils could prove to a court the existence of an illegal brothel .
The changes mean local councils and their private investigators will only have to prove that sexual services were offered , not actually provided .
Instead of entering a suspected illegal brothel , council officers or hired investigators could sit across the road from a premises and note the number and gender of visitors .
In the aftermath of the 2000 and 2004 elections , the post - mortem verdict was that the Republicans had run a better campaign .
They knew how to seize or manufacture an issue .
They were able to master the dynamics of negative advertising .
They kept on message .
Now , when many print and TV commentators are predicting if not assuming an Obama victory , the conventional wisdom is that this time the Democrats have run a better campaign .
When did the Democrats smarten up ?
When did they learn how to outdo the Republicans at their own game ?
The answer is that they did n’t .
They decided — or rather Obama decided — to play another game , one we have n’t seen for a while , and it ’s a question as to whether we ’ve ever seen it .
The name of this game is straightforward campaigning , or rather straightforward non-campaigning .
We saw it in the 10 days when the activity around the mounting economic crisis was at its height .
Henry Paulson alternated between scaring members of Congress and scaring the public .
Nancy Pelosi alternated between playing the responsible Congressional statesperson and playing the partisan attack dog .
Media commentators went from one hysterical prediction to another .
John McCain went from saying there ’s nothing to worry about to saying there ’s everything to worry about to saying that he would fix everything by suspending his campaign to saying that he was not suspending his campaign and that he would debate after all .
And Barack Obama ?
He did n’t do much and he said less ( O.K. , he did say some reassuring , optimistic things ) , and his poll numbers went up .
Weeks later , the pattern continues , but in an even more intense form .
The McCain campaign huffs and puffs and jumps from charge to charge : Obama consorts with terrorists ; he ’s a socialist ; he ’s a communist ; he is un-American ; he ’s not one of us ; he ’s a celebrity ; he ’s going to take your money and give it to people who never did a day ’s work ; he ’s going to sell out Israel ; he ’ll cozy up to foreign dictators ; he ’s measuring the drapes .
In response , Obama explains his tax policy for the umpteenth time , points out that capitalists like Warren Buffet support him , details his relationship with Bill Ayers , lists those he consults with , observes that Senator McCain , by his own boast , voted with President George W. Bush 90 percent of the time , and calls for change .
What he ( or his campaign ) does n’t do is bring up the Keating Five , or make veiled references to McCain ’s treatment of his first wife , or make fun of Sarah Palin ( she does n’t need any help ) , or disparage his opponent ’s experience , or hint at the disabilities of age .
He just stands there looking languid ( George Will called him the Fred Astaire of politics ) , always smiling and never raising his voice .
Meanwhile , McCain ’s surrogates get red in the face on TV when they try to explain away the latest jaw - dropping thing Sarah Palin has said , or proclaim that anything can happen in seven days , or respond to ever more discouraging poll numbers by saying ( how ’s this for a weak cliché ) that the only poll that counts is the poll on election day .
( I know things are bad when my wife , a staunch Democrat , feels sorry for them . )
What ’s going on here ?
I find an answer in a most unlikely place , John Milton ’s “ Paradise Regained , ” a four - book poem in which a very busy and agitated Satan dances around a preternaturally still Jesus until , driven half - crazy by the response he ’s not getting , the arch - rebel ( i.e. , maverick ) loses it , crying in exasperation , “ What dost thou in this world ? ”
Now , I do n’t mean to suggest that McCain is the devil or that Obama is the Messiah ( although some of his supporters think of him that way ) , just that the rhetorical strategies the two literary figures employ match up with the strategies employed by the two candidates .
What Satan wants to do is draw Jesus out , provoke him to an unwisely exasperated response , get him to claim too much for his own powers .
What Jesus does is reply with an equanimity conveyed by the adjectives and adverbs that preface his words : “ unaltered , ” “ temperately , ” “ patiently , ” “ calmly , ” “ unmoved , ” “ sagely , ” “ in brief . ”
In response , Satan gets ever more desperate ; he conjures up rain and wind storms ( in the midst of which Jesus sits “ unappalled in calm ” ) ; he tempts him with the riches of poetry and philosophy ( which Jesus is careful neither to reject nor deify ) ; and finally , having run out of schemes and scares and “ swollen with rage , ” he resorts to physical violence ( McCain has not gone so far , although some of his supporters clearly want to ) , picking Jesus up bodily and depositing him on the spire of the temple in the hope that he will either fall to his death or turn into Superman and undermine the entire point of his 40 - day trial in the wilderness .
He does n’t do either .
He does nothing , and Satan , “ smitten with amazement ” — even this has n’t worked — “ fell . ”
Toward the end , the poem describes the mighty contest in a metaphor that captures its odd and negative dynamic .
Jesus is “ a solid rock ” continually assaulted by “ surging waves ” ; and even though the repeated assaults result only in the waves being “ all to shivers dashed , ” they keep on coming until they exhaust themselves “ in froth or bubbles . ”
The power Jesus generates is the power of not moving from the still center of his being and refusing to step into an arena of action defined by his opponent .
So it is with Obama , who barely exerts himself and absorbs attack after attack , each of which , rather than wounding him , leaves him stronger .
It ’s rope - a - dope on a grand scale .
And McCain knows it .
Last Wednesday , campaigning in New Hampshire , he spoke sneeringly about Obama ’s campaign being “ disciplined and careful . ”
That ’s exactly right , and so far the combination of discipline and care — care not to get out too far in front of anything — along with a boatload of money is working just fine .
Jesus is usually the political model for Republicans , but this time his brand of passive , patient leadership is being channeled by a Democrat .
После успешного отыгрыша всех бонусных средств , вы сможете конвертировать их в реальные деньги и вывести их из БК .
Также отыгранные бонусные баллы можно использовать как специальный для Mostbet фрибет .
Промокод на Мостбет сегодня не нужен , так как вы подтвердите свое участие в акции , если будете следовать всем ее пунктам :
Суть этой Мостбет акции в том , …
Here ’s a paper I wrote recently with Martin Sulzmann and Edmund Lam : Comparing the performance of concurrent linked - list implementations in Haskell ( to be presented at DAMP’09 ) .
The basic idea is to analyse the performance and scaling characteristics of the various concurrency synchronisation methods available in GHC : STM , MVars , and IORef with atomicModifyIORef , by using each of these to implement a concurrent linked - list abstraction .
The bottom line is that we found two orders of magnitude differences between the slowest ( STM ) , and the fastest ( IORef + atomicModifyIORef ) .
It ’s not too surprising that STM is slow here , since each transaction is linear in the size of the data structure – this is a well - known problem that is the subject of a number of other research papers .
However , we did find we could make an STM - based solution that runs nearly as fast as the IORef version by adding a single operation : readTVarIO , which has the same behaviour as ( atomically readTVar ) , but does n’t have the overhead of setting up and committing a transaction .
Using a rewrite rule this could even be automated .
However , a major problem with all of the algorithms in our paper , except for the naive STM implementation , is that they do n’t compose .
That ’s what STM was for in the first place .
Fortunately there ’s a way to have the best of both worlds : fast scalable concurrent data structures writen by Clever People ( TM ) using compare - and - swap , with the full composability of STM operations .
The idea is called transactional boosting and is due to Maurice Herlihy and Eric Koskinen .
In some sense this is admitting defeat : we ca n’t get good performance from STM , so we ’ll work around it .
On the other hand , it seems unlikely that STM will ever achieve the performance of hand - tuned concurrent data structures , and after all , this technique just follows a long tradition in high - level programming languages of letting you embed low - level bits when you really need performance .
To implement this in GHC all we would need is a way to register actions to perform at transaction commit or abort time , which is something we ’ve been meaning to implement for some time anyway .
Maybe there ’s a budding GHC hacker out there who would like to take this on ?
A well - organized crime gang has stolen credentials for more than a half - million financial accounts in less than three years using a sophisticated trojan that remains undetectable to the vast majority of its victims , a report published Friday warns .
The haul of bank , credit , and debit card account numbers stolen by the Sinowal trojan is among the largest ever discovered .
It was unearthed by researchers at RSA 's FraudAction Research Lab .
They say the program , which is also known as Torpig and Mebroot , has been operating non-stop for almost three years , an unusually long time in the fly - by - night world of cybercrime .
" Only rarely do we come across crimeware that has been continually stealing and collecting personal information and payment card data , and compromising bank accounts as far back as 2006 , " RSA researchers wrote .
What 's more , Sinowal has only managed to become more productive over time .
In the past six months , it has compromised more than 100,000 accounts .
Since February , the number of variants has spiked , from fewer than 25 per month to more than 70 , according to RSA .
The increase helps the malware evade detection by anti-virus programs .
In all , the trojan has infected at least 300,000 Windows machines and stolen 270,000 online banking account numbers and 240,000 credit and debit credentials .
Sinowal is impressive for other reasons as well .
Unlike many trojans , it does n't rely on tricking the end user into clicking on a link or file to get installed .
Rather , it spreads silently via websites that prey on unpatched vulnerabilities in the Windows operating system or in third - party applications , such as Adobe Flash and Apple 's QuickTime media player .
" This particular trojan can get installed without even awareness of the end - user that they have agreed to anything or that anything has been installed , " Sean Brady , manager of identity protection at RSA , said in an interview .
It then hides itself on a computer 's master boot record , making the infection extremely difficult to find .
About the only remedy for victims fortunate enough to learn they are contaminated is to reformat their hard drive and reinstall their operating system .
Brady said RSA has shared the data it discovered with affected banks in the hopes they will notify customers who are infected .
Sinowal sits dormant on a machine until a user points a browser at the website of a bank or other financial institution .
Then an HTML injection engine adds fields to the website 's login page that prompt victims to enter social security numbers , passwords , and other credentials .
Once entered , the information is transmitted to a server under the control of the malware authors .
The injection mechanism is triggered by more than 2,700 different web addresses .
Little is known about the group responsible for Sinowal , but at least one clue suggests the group has ties to Russia :
While the trojan targets institutions in dozens of countries in North America , Europe and Asia , none were located in Russia . ®
In the late 1970s , astronomers had a problem :
The scale of their telescopes no longer matched the size of their ambitions .
To see deeper and deeper into our universe 's past , they needed a bigger telescope .
To build a bigger telescope , they needed a larger mirror , but mirrors larger than 5 meters had the pesky habit of deforming , producing bad images and frustrating attempts to surpass the resolution of the 5 - meter Hale Telescope , first built in 1948 .
" Many people thought [ the Hale ] was the biggest telescope that would ever be built , " said Mike Bolte , director of the University of California Observatories .
When the Russians built a 6 - meter telescope by the old methods in 1976 , it produced awful , distorted images .
Scientists across the world realized that a new design for the telescope had to be created .
The scientist who eventually found the key disruptive telescope technology was an unlikely UC Berkeley physicist , Jerry Nelson ( now at UC Santa Cruz ) .
" When giving a talk , his manner was so matter - of - fact you would think he was discussing a new offering of municipal sewer bonds , not the world 's largest telescope , " the Los Angeles Times wrote of him .
" Yet he was a persistent and capable scientist with a gift for devising elegant solutions to unexpected problems . "
The elegant solution he designed — to build 36 smaller mirrors and fuse them together like a honeycomb — underpinned the construction of the Keck Observatories ' twin 10 - meter telescopes on Mauna Kea in Hawaii .
" Everybody thought that was an extremely risky thing .
There was a big debate .
Nobody trusted that it could be done , " Bolte said .
" The prototype was the first Keck 10 - meter telescope .
It 's really a breakthrough that seems obvious , but it was n't . "
Telescope design has seen two distinct periods in the last hundred years .
First , astronomers switched away from the lens - using refracting telescopes to mirror - based reflecting telescopes .
This opened the way for the Mount Wilson Observatory 's 1.5 - meter telescope in 1908 , the 2.5 - meter Hooker in 1917 , and the Hale telescope at Palomer in 1948 .
The Keck inaugurated the next era of telescope building via segmented mirror or mosaic construction .
In fact , Nelson 's construction method and other segmented mirror designs have proven so flexible and scalable that three new telescopes that are more than twice the size of the world 's current record - holder are preparing to leave the drawing board and enter the construction phase .
Now , the Giant Magellan Telescope at 24.5 meters , the Thirty Meter Telescope , and the 42 - meter European Extremely Large Telescope are expected to be completed within a decade .
In the glacial world of large ' scope building , this is just around the corner .
These telescopes have two goals that could redraw our place within the universe , much as previous discoveries — like Edwin Hubble 's discovery with a previous world - record holding telescope that the Milky Way was just one galaxy among many — redefined the centrality of our own galaxy .
First , the telescopes will bring the study of Earth - sized planets around local stars within human reach .
We will be able to determine how rare Earths are , and by extension , how likely Earth - like life is to exist elsewhere in the galaxy .
Second , by gathering more light than ever before , astronomers will be able to detect fainter objects that are further back in our universe 's history .
They hope that the new telescopes will see " first light , " when the first stars formed out of the primordial universe 's post - Big Bang mass .
Working in tandem with the segmented mirror design is a complementary technology borrowed from the military called adaptive optics .
Adaptive optics allows astronomers to account and correct for disturbances in the Earth 's atmosphere .
It 's a complex task that requires measuring the air within the telescope 's view for temperature variations and adjusting the Keck 's mirrors to compensate 2000 times a second with tiny controllable magnets .
" Behind each magnet , there are a series of acoustic voice coils that can refresh the amount that that magnet is pulling at a rate of 500 - 1000 Hz .
At that frequency , we can correct for turbulence in the Earth 's atmosphere that occurs , " said Peter Wehinger , staff astronomer at the Steward Observatory Mirror Lab , which is building mirrors for the Giant Magellan Telescope .
Driven by faster and faster computers , the technology has allowed ground - based telescopes to rival and in some cases surpass the Hubble Space Telescope , and its future successor the James Webb Telescope .
" All this really depends on things like Moore 's Law , fast computers , technology to change shape of mirrors .
We 're like slaves to technologies , " said Taft Armandroff , director of the Keck Observatory .
" With the Keck we can get images with a better spatial resolution than we can get with Hubble Space Telescope . "
With the technological challenges largely out of the way , what the new telescope projects need now is money .
And when it comes to funding the world 's largest telescopes , astronomers have often turned to philanthropists .
George Ellery Hale was a master of funneling astronomical amounts of private money — particularly from Andrew Carnegie — into astronomy projects .
His fundraising skill was responsible for the Mount Wilson and Hooker telescopes , both world record holders .
While the Keck 's funding history is convoluted , it eventually was built almost entirely with a single family 's money .
" All the way back to 400 years ago , there was some patron that paid for Galileo 's telescope and that started an incredible trend that forefront telescopes have almost always been privately funded , " said UC 's Bolte .
The Thirty Meter Telescope appears to have found that donor , in Intel 's Gordon Moore .
The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation pledged $ 200 million for the construction of the telescope late last year .
The Giant Magellan Telescope is still waiting for its Keck or Carnegie or Moore , and they could struggle with the current economic climate .
Still , the odds are that at least one of these telescopes will be built by 2018 and we could soon be exploring reaches of the universe — and time — that no human has ever been seen before .
" The science questions are more compelling than ever .
There 's so much to explore .
It 's really exciting to get these new tools , " Armandroff said .
See Also :
Image : Giant Magellan Telescope .
Courtesy of Carnegie Observatories .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
In a strongly - worded letter sent to the Northern California Solar Energy Association , Dr. Donald Aitken , a former lead scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists and original proponent of the Renewable Portfolio Standard , chastises his former environmentalist colleagues for their short - sighted attempt at subterfuge of Proposition 7 .
The letter , sent via email , is four pages long and makes a really important underlying point .
The ‘ environmentalists ’ who secured the opposition from so many other groups way back before Proposition 7 even had been assigned a number , did so based largely on objections that they had to retract once scrutinized .
But it did n’t matter that they could no longer make the false claims that allowed them to secure the opposition in the first place – the lies were already out in the media marketplace , and the average voter does n’t do that much research on initiatives anyway .
This , at least , is the expectation of the Big Utilities , who are greenwashing their campaign against Prop.
7 , just like they greenwashed their campaign for deregulation .
Also , Dr. Aitken addresses the other underlying challenge to the campaign for clean and renewable energy and energy independence .
The utilities have spent years infusing cash into the coffers of community groups , environmentalists , and both major political parties .
Perhaps most disturbing is the dominance of former and current utility executives on the board memberships of “ California ’s leading environmental groups , ” – the tag line Ralph Cavanagh uses every time he is doing the dirty work of the Big Utilities .
Ralph does n’t mention that 5 out of 7 Board Members of California ’s leading environmental group the League of Conservation Voters is either a current or past executive of one of the Big Utilities opposing Proposition , or is affiliated with one of the community groups whose economic well - being depends heavily on large utility donations .
That might chip away at the credibility of their opposition though , now would n’t it ?
The Big Utilities found out at the advent of California ’s energy crisis that if they greenwashed their message , they could be practically invincible at the polling place .
Fortunately , now that we really are at a tipping point , and global climate scientists are frantically educating people about the short time left to make serious changes , more scientists are fighting back against the Big Utilities ’ halo - embraced façade against clean and renewable energy .
Dr. Aitken breaks down the myths currently being churned out by the utilities with idiot - proof explanations .
He tackles the big lies :
That there is a 30 MW size restriction on who can contribute to the RPS , that rates get locked in at 10 % above market place ( he calls it a FALSELY FLAT lie and effortlessly explains how ) , and that Prop 7 will be ' costly . '
Here is the text of the letter :
“ Yes , it is I ( Dr. Donald Aitken , co-founder and second President of NCSEA , as well as two - time chair of ASES ) who is strongly in favor of Prop .
7 .
The first thing I did after being reached by the Prop.
7 supporters was to spend about two weeks in lengthy email and telephone communications with my own former colleagues in the enviornmental organizations -
Alen Nogee at UCS , Ralph Cavanagh at NRDC , and many others .
I also flew to California and had a nnumber of face - to - face meetings .
They are still my friends , so we could speak frankly .
Their uniform opposition made it a sad decision for me , but the more I talked to them , the more thoroughly convinced I became that their objections either do n’t hold water , or can be overcome by adminsitrative and procedural actions following the passage of Prop .
7 . Further , I remain convinced that the more aggressive goals of Prop.
7 are absolutely necessary ( I daresay a minimum ) in beginning to turn the world to a meaningful response that transcends the little Kyoto - type international efforts .
“ It is now a correct statement that we are nearing – and perhaps have already passed – “ tipping points ” of the greatest potential impact to humans and to the global ecology in general .
And you , an anyone else who has seen me speak in public , know that I am also convinced that a 100 % renewable energy transition for California and for the nation is a perfectly feasible goal , and hence one which must be pursued aggressively , while there may still be a chance economically and environmentally .
My conclusion is that we have to abandon the incremental legislative approach and reach for more aggressive goals , while still keeping them attainable .
Proposition 7 , and the initiative that it supports , spells out achievable goals , while taking an important leap forward .
I am aware that the environmental organizations are putting all their eggs in the basket of the pending legislation for a 33 % goal by 2020 ( the same legislation that was killed by the utilities last year ) .
I am also aware that the utilities are against this year ’s version too .
It is unacceptable to me to even consider putting all of our eggs in a basket which may vanish yet again , leaving us with one more year lost in meeting the challenge of global warming and climate change , and the opportunity to jump - start a much more effective and sure response .
To their objections :
Initially the environmental organizations loudly proclaimed that Prop 7 would allow municipal trash burners to qualify for the RPS .
They had to withdraw that objection after they were told to read Prop 7 more carefully , but only after they had gone public with that objection .
Then came loud objections that reducing the penalty on the utilities for non-compliance from 5 cents / kWh to 1 cent / kWh would completely remove the utility incentive to meet the goals .
But after they were told to do the math , including the impact from the removal of the $ 25 million cap that is presently imposed on the utilities in association with the present 5 cent / kWh penalty , they discovered that Prop 7 actually provides for a much more expensive and onerous penalty schedule on the utilities , so they withdrew that objection , too , but again only after their initial objections had been tossed around in public .
My interpretation at that time was that the opponents were being pretty hasty and sloppy , indicative ( to me ) that there must be a much deeper underlying reason for their opposition , and the particulars of the initiative were at least in part some sort of cover .
Now to the big ones that are domination what I find to be a dismaying misleading of the public in the TV ads ( funded by the utilities , but fronting with representatives of the environmental and solar community .
What has Gary Gerber and others in the business of installing systems smaller than 30MW so upset is the allegation that Prop 7 would rule them all out from being able to participate in meeting the more aggressive goals of Prop 7 .
They have a legal opinion that alleges to support that .
The supporters of Prop 7 have an equally reputable legal opinion that denies that .
When the environmental organizations that challenged that very portion of Prop 7 in the Sacramento Superior court , the judge of that Superior court ruled that there was not sufficient evidence in Prop 7 to support that allegation !
Yet , it goes on , and on , for it is a very effective tactic to scare the Hell out of Gary and others like him .
The definition of “ eligible renewable ” under the initiative wording is maintained as presently defined in California law , which includes renewables of all major types and all sizes .
In a separate portion of the initiative , incentives are offered to stimulate the construction of large systems ( greater than 30 MW ) in desert area where they would be feasible ( provided they meet all environmental requirements , including the Desert Protection Act . )
Those incentives include possible “ fast - track ” approval , if the initial three month review does not show any major potential environmental issues .
( If that initial environmental review reveals problems , the process reverts to the present 12 - 18 months procedure , so there is no compromising the ultimate environmental integrity of the projects . )
This will be a great benefit to the developers of renewable less than 30 MW from continuing to ply their important roof - top trade , and from addling their achievements to meeting the RPS goals .
The other objective appearing in the TV ads is how ‘ expensive ’ this would be , and what a major ‘ hit ’ this would make on ratepayers .
As I recall , the person in the ad states that the utilities would be ‘ required to buy ALL of their generation at 10 % above market costs . ’
THIS IS A FLATLY FALSE ACCUSATION !
The initiative requires utilities to sign contracts with renewable energy providers in good faith if they fall within 10 % above market cost for generation , but only until they have met their 2 % added generation requirements with renewables that year , but not for any more generation than that .
Let us do the math .
Suppose the utilities meet all goals , so that , by 2025 , 50 % of their electricity generation comes from renewable , and suppose that they indeed had to sign all of those new renewables ( that is 30 % more than the present 2010 California law requires ) at a premium of 10 % .
( Ridiculous , in view of present costs of wind , for example . )
Then , in this scenario , 30 % of the utility 2025 generation would have cost 10 % more , which would be a 3.3 % hit on the generation portion of a ratepayers bill .
But generation is only about half of their bill , so in reality , this would be half of a 3.3 % hit , or a 1.75 % increase in their bill .
This makes it too expensive to fund California ’s renewable energy future ??
Either the environmental organizations have again not done their mathematical homework , or they are willing to stand by false TV claims to scare people into voting against Prop 7 .
My goodness , the rate increases that are going to result from the residual fossil - fuel portions of utility generation portfolios will have long swamped that paltry figure , so that I doubt it will even be noticed .
The initiative language , by the way , allows for up to a 3 % hit on 2025 utility bills , or almost twice as great a figure as I derived above , to provide a cushion for the absorption of other costs , such as procedural and staffing changes as some of the present CPUC responsibilities are handed off to the CEC , to put California ’s renewable electricity future at more of an arms - length from the utilities .
I am aware that the solar industry also objects to the initiative ’s requirements that “ prevailing wages ” be paid to those who work on and install solar systems .
Again , this applies to the large ( greater than 30 MW ) systems , and reflects the convictions of the drafters of the initiative that meeting the responsibility to provide a living support through prevailing wages for those who work on the large systems is a moral obligation .
This does not apply to the installations of their smaller systems .
The opponents feel that the utilities have too many “ outs ” and would not actually have to meet the initiative ’s goals .
Certainly the transmission must be provided , and the utilities are not held responsible under Prop. 7 for the lack of adequate transmission ( an obviously reasonable condition to include ) or for its acceleration under CEC jurisdiction .
The initiative is also in full support of present CEC studies and work on this area , while boosting transmission opportunities for renewable energies is a major part of the initiative .
And if the utilities just kept on signing bogus contracts that were defaulted by solar energy providers , how long do you think the CEC would allow this process to continue in such a ‘ transparent ’ climate ?
And how long would the CEC and the CPUC be willing to allow the utilities to hold up the potential benefits in having California lead the nation – and the world – in the application of renewable to the electricity sector ?
Billions of dollars of new industry , and at least 375,000 new jobs in the field !
There are other objections and concerns that the environmental organizations have , but on balance , if we dismiss the two or three big ones that I have discussed above , the remaining opposition is on very shaky grounds - that it is a “ poorly worded ” initiative , for example .
This is the argument used by the opposition against many prop initiatives that were clearly in the public interest , such as the restriction of smoking in public places .
It dismays me to see the environmentalists resorting to such tactics , and presenting arguments not based on fact , or that distort fact .
And it should certainly dismay them to be in bed with the utilities , who are absolutely gleeful that they have a cover for their perennial opposition to more aggressive applications of renewable .
So , yes , I do support Prop 7 now , and would dearly hope that all of the opposing people and organizations would step back , look hard again at the working an intent of the initiative , and ask themselves what it will take – today - to ramp up the goals for the renewable energy transition to the meaningful levels that the world now requires , and to provide an assurance that those goal will remain in California policy through 2025 .
Should we do any less for our children , and their children ?
With respect , Donald W. Aitken , Ph.D - Sept. 15 , 2008
Labels : 30 MW myth , Big Utilities , CPUC , Dr. Donald Aitken , NRDC , PGE
Writing on the site , John Warrick , who worked at the telephone exchange , said the place had " an odour all of its own ... a combination smell of wax floor polish and PVC cable .
This had an extra smell .
The chlorine added to the plenum plant that washed the air before it was circulated . "
And the hate from the McCain / Palin supporters continues .
Check out this video .
Watch CBS Videos Online
CBS News :
As the crowd cheered at a Sarah Palin rally this morning in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , a man in the audience grinned as he held up a stuffed monkey doll with a Barack Obama bumper sticker wrapped across its forehead .
After Palin finished her remarks this morning , the man holding the stuffed monkey seemed to notice that a video camera was pointed at him , at which point he removed the Obama sticker from the doll ’s head and crumpling it up in his hand .
He then handed the doll to a young boy who was watching the rally from his father ’s shoulders .
The boy ’s parents later told CBS News that they were n’t acquainted with the man who gave their son the stuffed monkey
Temperatures in the Arctic last fall hit record highs , an international team of scientists reported Thursday .
According to the authors of the annual Arctic Report Card , temperatures were more than 9 degrees Fahrenheit above normal and are predicted to remain nearly as high this year .
“ The year 2007 was the warmest year on record in the Arctic , ” said Jackie Richter - Menge , a climate expert at the Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory in Hanover , N.H , and editor of the latest Arctic Report Card .
[ social_buttons ]
The material presented in the paper is peer - reviewed by topical experts of the Climate Experts Group of the Arctic Council .
The most recent numbers continue a general Arctic - wide warming trend that began in the mid-1960s .
Warmer than normal temperatures are due largely to the major loss of sea ice in recent years which allows more solar heating of the ocean .
The summers of 2005 through 2007 all ended with extensive areas of open water .
This allowed extra heat to be absorbed by the ocean from solar radiation , resulting in an ice freeze - up that occurred later than usual .
Authors of the report stress that all of the arctic warming is not attributable to global warming .
“ Global warming by itself would n’t cause this much sea ice loss , ” said James Overland , an Arctic expert at the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory in Seattle .
Nor would changes in wind and ocean currents alone .
And although the Arctic is warming overall , its effects vary from place to place .
The Bering Sea , for example , is in a cooling spell , and an unusually severe winter has bulked up Alaska ’s glaciers .
One thing is clear , all of this warming cannot be undone quickly .
“ There has been a massive loss of sea ice starting in the 1990s , ” said one of the authors , James Overland , an “ In 2008 , we ’ve lost so much multi - year old ice , it ’s very difficult for the ice cover to go back to where it was 20 years ago . ”
Related Posts :
Image : NOAA
The Day The Earth Stood Still 5 Minutes Trailer , New Movie Stills
In a statement , Jayne Ludlum , the director of Sheffield 's Children and Young People 's Specialist Services , said : " Due to the seriousness of this case , an independent review has already been launched which will look into the circumstances surrounding the case and the contact that agencies had with the victims to investigate what could have been done better and highlight any lessons to be learned . "
The following list is compiled from a Declaration of Support for Senator Obama sent around the retired Foreign Service community .
The people on this list represent thousands upon thousands of years of service in embassies and consulates around the world , in all manners of service to this great nation .
There are bound to be any number who served their country in multiple capacities , some of which will never see the light of day .
They were good at their jobs , and served honorably to represent the United States in all manners of peace and conflict .
These are the diplomats , ambassadors , and foreign service professionals that followed in the steps of John Adams , Benjamin Franklin , and Thomas Jefferson .
Of those in the government that understand the tensions and dealings with foreign powers and various incendiary elements in the world , these are the cream of the crop .
Abbott , Luisa Jones , Ambassador George F. ( Ret. ) Abbott , Wilson Lynn Jones , Ralph T. Adair , Marshall Keene , Douglas R. Ahlgren , Charles S. Keiswetter , Allen Apsler , Ruby Kemper , Joseph M. Arndt , Richard T. Kendall , Harry Arnold , Terrell Kiesling , John Brady Austin , Sheldon Kilgour , Mary C. Ayers , Patricia Connor King , Wayne Aylward , Rayna Kinzer , George Bahl , Byron Korff , Michael Baker , Robert Korky , Ann Baldyga , Leonard Kuchel , Ambassador Roland K. ( Ret. ) Bandler , Ambassador Donald K. ( Ret. ) Kushlis , Patricia Barnes , Ambassador Shirley Elizabeth ( Ret. ) Kushlis , William J. Barnett , Elizabeth LaGamma , Robert R. Barry , Ambassador Robert L. ( Ret. ) Lambert , Lynne Bathrick , David D. Lanpher , Ambassador Edward Gibson ( Ret. ) Battle , Ambassador Vincent M. ( Ret. ) Laroche , Dick Bay , Janice Friesen Latham Jr. , Ernest H. Beans , Timothy T. Lauderdale , Ambassador , Clint ( Ret. ) .
Beebe , James Leidel , Ambassador Donald C. ( Ret. ) Beecroft , Ambassador Robert M. ( Ret. ) LeMaistre , Alice Bennett , David C. Lerner , Patricia J. Benson , Raymond E. Levin , Ambassador Burton ( Ret. )
Bentley , Robert Lewis , Ambassador Samuel ( Ret. ) Berrington , Robin Lippe , Michael Berry , Ann R. Loftus , Gerald Bigge , Joan Lundin , John Binns , Ambassador Jack R. ( Ret. ) Lundy , Walter A. Bishop , Ambassador James K. ( Ret. ) Lyon , Ambassador David L. ( Ret. ) Bitondo , Ron MacAlister , Robert J. Blane , Dianne MacManus , Elizabeth Keys Blaney III , Harry C. Magee , Ambassador Charles T. ( Ret. ) Blodgett , Steve Mahan , Val Booth , Richard Malloy , Edward M. Bouton , Norman Mally , Alec Bova , Michele Mandel , Pamela Bowers , Gerard Marks , Ambassador Edward ( Ret. ) Bresler , Ralph Martin , Thomas G. Bridges , Ambassador Peter S. ( Ret. ) Martin , Thomas M. Broderick , Amelia Fitzjohn Marwitz , Toni Brungart , Robert Matheron , Ambassador Richard C. ( Ret. ) Brynn , Ambassador Edward ( Ret. )
Matthews , Wade Bumbrey , Sallybeth M. Mattox , Henry Bumpus , James N. Maule , Robert W. Burleigh , Ambassador A. Peter ( Ret. ) Maushammer , Robert J. Butler , Letitia Kelly McCoo , Millie Byrnes , Jill F. McGuire , Ambassador Kevin J. ( Ret. ) Byrnes , Shaun M. McGuire , Harriet Cahill , Ambassador Harry A. ( Ret. ) McKee , Richard Calingaert , Michael McKniff , Joan Carr , Robert K. McNeil , Ambassador Frank ( Ret. ) Cecil , Ambassador Charles O. ( Ret. )
Meeks , Bill Cheek , Ambassador James R. ( Ret. ) Meer , S. Ahmed Cheshes , Ambassador Martin L. ( Ret. ) Miller , David Norman Chester , George Molldrem , Vivikka Chester , Geraldeen Monblatt , Steve Chock , Alvin Keali’i Monk , Amy Clark , Jennifer Monk , David B. Clear , Taylor JESSE Moore , Alice Coe , Robert Moser , Leo John Coffey Jr. , Fred A. Mueller , Richard W. Cohen , David Murphy , Peter K. Coker , Irv Murphy , Sandy Coles , Julius E. Myrick , Ambassador Bismarck ( Ret. ) Collins , Constance L. Nagy , Ernest Conly , Jonathan Nance , William B. Coon , Ambassador Carleton S. ( Ret . )
Nethercut , Richard D. Coon , Ambassador Jane Abell ( Ret. ) Neuse , Margaret Cooper , Ford Norris , James Cotter , Ambassador Michael ( Ret. ) O’Connor , Thomas E. Crigler , Ambassador Trusten Frank ( Ret. ) O’Donnell , Thomas J. Cronk , Ambassador Edwin ( Ret. ) O’Farrell , Paul Crumpton , Sandra Ann O’Neill , Rosemary D. Curran , Robert T “ Ted ” Oakley , Ambassador Robert P. ( Ret. ) Curtin , Leslie B. Oakley , Phyllis Cutler , Ambassador Walter L. ( Ret. )
Oglesby , Donna Marie Cutter , Curtis Olds , Suzanne Czuczka , George Orley , Ray Dameron , Ambassador William H. ( Ret. ) Palma , Carole Darkins , William C. Parker , Donald Davidson , Duane Parker , Norma J. Davnie , William F. Patterson , Sue Dawson , James W. Peasley , Carol De Pree , Ambassador Willard A. ( Ret. ) Peck , Ambassador Edward L. ( Ret. ) Darryl Penner Dembro ( née Mercurio ) , Sharon Perrin , Patricia E. Dembro , Mark Perry , Ambassador Jack R. ( Ret. ) Dembski , Sandy Piet , David Demitz , Sherwood H. Pomeroy , Thomas Alexander DiPaolo , Donna M. Pope , Ambassador Laurence ( Ret. ) Doggett , Clinton Powers , Robert A. Dolan , Daniel Precht , Henry DuBose , Robert Presgrove , Barbara A. Duline , Charlene C. Rackmales , Robert Dunford , Ambassador David J. ( Ret. ) Ransom , Marjorie Easum , Ambassador Donald B. ( Ret. ) Reeber , Mary K. Ehmer , Paul Reinhardt , Ambassador John E. ( Ret. ) Ehrman , James Richmond , Yale Eicher , Peter Rose , Victoria Eisenbraun , Stephen Ross , Sherman Elam - Thomas , Ambassador Harriet ( Ret. )
Rucker , Robert L. Ely , Michael E. C. Ryan , Henry B. Engle , Ambassador Gregory W. ( Ret. ) Sandoval , Barbara Fairchild , Albert E. Savage , John Farley , Vincent Schacknies , Rosina Farrand , Ambassador Robert W. ( Ret. ) Schaffer , Ambassador Howard B. ( Ret. ) Ferch , Ambassador John A. ( Ret. ) Schertz , Mary Lou Kate Fernandez , Aurelius Schiff , Stanley Finberg , Donald Schoonover , Ambassador Brenda ( Ret. ) Fischer , Ambassador David ( Ret. ) Schwartz , Deborah R. Flannery , Terence Sebastian , Ambassador Peter ( Ret. ) Fraenkel , Richard Segars , Ambassador Joseph M. ( Ret. ) Frederick , David Senser , Robert A. Fromowitz , Sam Serwer , Daniel Fry , Samuel Sewell , Virginia Gaines , William Sharpless , Ambassador Mattie R. ( Ret. ) Garon , John Sheinbaum , Gilbert Garon , Patricia Sinding , Monica Knorr Gary , Phil Sinding , Steven W. Gary , Viviann Singer , Derek Gerlach , Frederick H. Smith , Ambassador Pamela H. ( Ret. ) Gerson , Leslie Smith , Paul R. Gong , Richard D. Spalding , Peter Gorton , Lynn Spiro , Joel Gosende , Robert R. Springer , Richard L. Gould , Michael St. John , John J. Grant , Gail Milissa Stahnke , Paul K Gray , David L. Stefan , Adrienne Gray , Victoria Stern , Robert Gregory , Bruce Sterner , Ambassador Michael ( Ret. )
Gregory , Jerry Stewart , Ambassador John Todd ( Ret. ) Gulliksen , Gail Streeter , Alvin Gunning , John Sundquist , Alexandra Haahr , James C. Sutton , Gerald Hamilton , Ambassador John R. ( Ret . )
Svengsouk , Thvanh Hamilton , Donna Swain , Diana Hardy Jr. , Howard W. Takahashi , Lorraine Harrod , John P. Taylor , Ambassador Clyde D. ( Ret. ) Harrop , Ambassador William ( Ret. ) Tetro , Robert Harter , John Tompkins , Tain Hartley , Douglas G. Tomseth , Ambassador Victor L. ( Ret. ) Hartman , Jan Tongour , Nadia Harvey , Gerald W. Tonkin , Thomas Hatton , Charla Troy , Carl Head , Al Tuch , Hans N. Heaphy , Eileen M. Turner , Linda Hill , Ambassador H. Kenneth ( Ret. ) Usrey , Gary Hirsch , Ambassador John L. ( Ret. ) Vaughn , Arthur A. Hoganson , Jerome Villareal , G. Claude Holfeld , Joyce M. Vincent , John Holmes , Brooke Virden , Dick Holmes , John W. Von den Steinen , Erwin Hornblow , Michael Weinland , Helen Houlahan , J. Michael Wells , Sharon Howard , Barbara D Wheeler , Evelyn Huggins - Williams , Nedra White , Robin L. Hughes , David Wilder , Carol Humphreys , Liam Jackson Williams , Albert N. Hutcheson , James W. Williams , Ambassador Richard ( Ret. ) Huxtable , John A. Williams , Nicholas Illing , Robert Wilson , Dwight Irving , Ambassador Frederick ( Ret. ) Wolcott , Peter Jacobs , Morris E. Wood , Susan Johnson , Ambassador Darryl N. ( Ret. )
Wozniak , Robert Johnson , Charles N. Wright , Jr. , Lacy A. Johnson , Joe B. Zelle , Susan W .
The length of this list is impressive , but moreso is the great service these men and women have performed for this great nation .
Please take a moment to help continue the growth of this blog by submitting this post to Digg , Reddit , and the other services .
Thank you for your support !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The government has committed the UK to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 80 % by the middle of this century .
Climate Change and Energy Secretary Ed Miliband said the current 60 % target would be replaced by a higher goal .
He told MPs the government would not " row back " on green issues in the light of the current economic crisis .
He also warned the big energy companies they face a crackdown on " unfair " pricing policies in his first statement as head of the new department .
Mr Miliband told MPs the government accepted all the recommendations of the report from Lord Turner 's Committee on Climate Change .
The target does not include aviation or shipping emissions - but Mr Miliband said they would " play a part " in the government 's overall strategy .
European row
It came as European Union leaders agreed to stick to their plan to cut greenhouse gases - despite a surprise demand by Poland and six other member states to drop them to ease the impact on industry struggling with the global credit crunch .
Speaking at the end of a two - day summit , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said : " The deadline on climate change is so important that we cannot use the financial and economic crisis as a pretext for dropping it " .
Our children and our grandchildren will really not thank us if we just carry on and let this problem get worse
Ed Miliband
Climate change and energy secretary
But although all 27 leaders agreed to stick to the aim of cutting emissions by 20 % by 2020 , Mr Sarkozy acknowledged he faced a tough task in getting a unanimous deal on how to share out the burden of the switch to cleaner energy by the December deadline .
Mr Miliband also stressed the importance of sticking to climate change commitments despite the economic downturn .
He told MPs : " In our view it would be quite wrong to row back and those who say we should , misunderstand the relationship between the economic and environmental tasks we face . "
' Tough but do - able '
He said he wanted to achieve a cross-party consensus on climate change , but added : " We all know that signing up to an 80 % cut in 2050 , when most of us will not be around , is the easy part .
" The hard part is meeting it - and meeting the milestones that will show we 're on track . "
Mr Miliband also announced that the government was ready to legislate to force energy companies to introduce fairer pricing for customers with pre-payment meters if they would not do so voluntarily .
He also signalled new help to encourage small - scale electricity generation though technology such as home - based solar panels and wind turbines .
He told the Commons the Energy Bill would be amended to introduce a " feed - in tariff " to guarantee prices for micro-generation projects which are able to supply electricity to the national grid .
It 's like telling everyone you 're going on a calorie - controlled diet but not counting cream cakes
Steve Webb
Liberal Democrat Speaking later to BBC
News , he said the 80 % target was " tough but it is do - able " and could be met through measures including renewable fuels , nuclear power and individuals " doing things differently " .
He said changes to the climate were " happening much quicker than we anticipated or even feared a few years ago " and it was " right to step up the pace " .
" Our children and our grandchildren will really not thank us if we just carry on and let this problem get worse .
The costs that they will face will be all the greater if we do that , " he added .
Airport expansion
In a letter to Mr Miliband , Lord Turner said the tougher target would be " challenging but feasible " , and could be achieved at a cost of 1 % to 2 % of GDP in 2050 .
He also said a cut of 80 % on 1990 levels by 2050 should cover all the major greenhouse gases - not just carbon dioxide - and all sectors of the UK economy , including shipping and aviation .
But because of practical problems in allocating emissions of international transport to the UK , they should not be included in the Climate Change Bill 's five - yearly carbon budgets , he said .
Instead the overall target should be " at least 80 % " , with greater reductions in sectors covered by the bill if aviation and shipping did not make sufficient cuts by the middle of the century , he said .
But Lib Dem climate change and energy spokesman Steve Webb said Mr Miliband 's decision not to include aviation and shipping in the 80 % target made a mockery of his commitments .
" It 's like telling everyone you 're going on a calorie - controlled diet but not counting cream cakes .
" As we saw when the government gave the green light for Stansted expansion , there is a huge gap between what ministers say on climate change and what they actually do . "
Shadow climate change secretary Greg Clark , for the Conservatives , welcomed Mr Miliband 's announcements .
He said : " The choice between aggressive and ambitious action on carbon reduction and a successful , powerful economy is , in fact , not a choice at all - they are one and the same . "
Mr Miliband 's statement was also welcomed by environmental campaigners , including the RSPB , World Development Movement , WWF and Christian Aid .
Friends of the Earth executive director , Andy Atkins , said his group was " absolutely delighted " but added : " We cannot leave the cuts in aviation and shipping emissions to chance .
" The government must listen to the concerns of the public and majority of MPs who want to see a law that covers all the UK 's emissions . "
But the National Housing Federation warned that unfair energy pricing would continue under Mr Miliband 's plan .
A spokesman said : " It is excellent news that Ed Miliband has quickly come to the conclusion that the prepayment meter rip off is unacceptable .
" But even with the measures he envisages , prepayment meter customers will still pay as much as £ 88 more than others - as Mr Miliband seems to have accepted the argument by the energy regulator Ofgem that a premium for maintaining the meters is acceptable . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
7 days --
One week out -- Republicans expect to be crushed in historic landslide : buy emergency time in Montana and West Virginia Presented by Facebook
GM seeks Treasury $ $$ ... GOP blame game now reaches down to state parties —
Al Hunt is in Obama 's gym pool at this moment — Michelle Obama shops J. Crew online , plans to work with military families , pushes early voting and warns against overconfidence — Maureen alert :
Toot calls her grandson “ Bear ” — Wesley Fricks engaged — Dan Senor and Campbell Brown expecting No. 2
BREAKING , from Politico ’s Jonathan Martin : The Democratic National Committee takes out a $ 10 million line of credit to help House and Senate committees maximize gains AS PARTY OFFICIALS SEE MORE RACES COMING INTO PLAY , ESPECIALLY IN THE HOUSE .
Money to be split between committees .
Similar to DNC move in '06 .
Advertisement
*** TOMORROW'S FRONT PAGE TODAY — J - Mart : " The goal : ... a massive governing majority and making it more difficult for the GOP to recapture power in future cycles . "
Good Tuesday morning .
The Republican National Committee buys TV time in deep - red MONTANA and WEST VIRGINIA , a sign the party is scrambling to stave off a historic landslide a week from today .
“ Tough environment , ” one Republican official says sardonically .
The McCain campaign has not officially given up on VIRGINIA but a top official concedes it is LOST , while maintaining that a PENNSYLVANIA miracle can still get Sen. McCain to 270 .
He and Gov. Palin will be there repeatedly before Election Day .
But should they also be shoring up Nevada , now a must - win ?
DAVID BROOKS PREDICTS “ OBAMA BY 9 ” in a chat with local reporters before a college speech in North Adams , Mass . : “ I have a wager with an Obama pollster , who says he 'll win by seven ” — The Berkshire Eagle .
( Hat tip : Romenesko )
The Washington Times endorses ... John McCain .
Gov. Palin , to Fox 's SEAN HANNITY on " Hannity & Colmes " : " I think it 's very close , and I think there is a lot of enthusiasm .
... John and I have both been in that underdog position over and over again .
And you know what ?
I , in my career , happen to take on the good old boy network more than once .
Having the scars to prove it .
Being in the underdog position , it motivates us .
Makes us work harder .
And I believe that yes , the wisdom of the people will prevail on Nov. 4 . ”
ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos , on a “ demoralized ” McCain campaign : “ Palin is going to be the most vivid chapter of the McCain campaign 's post - mortem . …
Those loyal to McCain believe they have been unfairly blamed for over - handling Palin .
They say they did the best they could with what they got . ”
*** In convo with Playbook , a top McCain adviser one - ups the priceless “ diva ” description , calling her “ a whack job . ”
DRUDGE BANNER , illustrated by the carton to an Obama superhero doll , ASKS : “ ABCCBSNBCNYTLATWSJCNNMSNBCAPREUTERSAFPPOLITICOFTTIMEWASHPOSTNEWSWEEK : CAN THEY ALL BE WRONG ? ” Links to a column about media bias .
WashPost Howard Kurtz , online this a.m. : " ' If the mainstream media are wrong about Obama and the voters pull a Truman , that is going to be the end of whatever shred of credibility they have left , ' says Tobe Berkovitz , associate dean of Boston University 's College of Communication . "
NEWEST POLL -- Reuters ’ John Whitesides : “ Obama has a 4 - point national lead over Republican John McCain as they head into the final week of the presidential campaign , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Tuesday .
Obama leads McCain by 49 percent to 45 percent among likely voters in the three - day national tracking poll , a slight dip from his 5 - point advantage on Monday .
The telephone poll has a margin of error of 2.9 percentage points . "
Politico ’s Jonathan Martin says Florida is tilting toward Obama : “ Even if Obama does n’t take Florida — and most Republicans still believe McCain can win there — the Democrat ’s decision to compete so aggressively in the Sunshine State has hampered the Arizona senator ’s national campaign by forcing him to scramble to spend time and money late in the race on a state thought to be safely in the GOP column as late as the two national conventions . ”
USA Today : Obama ’s half - hour , prime - time commercials on CBS , NBC and Fox at 8 p.m. tomorrow “ cost Obama nearly $ 1 million apiece .
… ABC and Obama could not reach a deal . ”
SCOOP — Politico ’s John Bresnahan , “ Reid eyes Byrd ouster ” : “ Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is quietly preparing to ease 90 - year - old Sen. Robert C. Byrd from his perch as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee , Democratic insiders tell Politico .
Reid has not yet discussed his plans with Byrd .
But in a recent closed - door meeting with his advisers in Las Vegas and a private conversation with Sen.
Daniel Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) , Reid has laid out a scenario that would have Inouye — the committee ’s second - ranking Democrat — taking over Byrd ’s chairmanship by the time the 111th Congress convenes in January .
Byrd — the longest - serving senator in U.S. history — would become chairman emeritus , likely retaining coveted office space in the Capitol near the Senate floor .
He would also remain Senate president pro tempore , which leaves him third in line to the presidency even though his health now makes even routine public appearances both arduous and awkward . ”
*** LIEBERMAN ALSO OUT : Bres reports that Reid hopes Sen. Lieberman will “ voluntarily ” leave as Homeland Security Committee chairman after energetically backing McCain .
We ’re told he ’ll be booted if not .
TOP STORY — DEFIANT STEVENS WON’T DROP OUT — Banner of print Politico — Sen. Ted “ Stevens [ R - Alaska ] Found Guilty , Career in Doubt —
A messy , chaotic trial ends with a clear , decisive verdict — Senator vows to remain a candidate [ on Nov. 4 ] but voters , colleagues get the last word ” : “ [ T ]he Senate can expel members with a two - thirds vote … [ O ] f the four members convicted of crimes since 1905 … [ t ] hree resigned in disgrace — the last one was New Jersey Democratic Sen.
Harrison Williams in 1982 — and one died before he could be booted out .
The people of Alaska may spare Stevens from such a decision .
Even before jurors convicted him on seven felony [ corruption ] counts Monday , Stevens was running neck and neck with his Democratic challenger , Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich .
Unless voters rally hard around their beleaguered ‘ Uncle Ted , ’ his conviction should send his poll numbers plummeting . ”
SPOTTED : Bloomberg ’s Albert R. Hunt —
“ The Colonel ” — in the pool this morning to accompany Sen. Obama to the gym .
Full text tomorrow .
SPOT -- A new McCain ad today is called “ Compare ” — A female announcer , as the screen alternates between shots of Obama and sunny shots of McCain : “ Your choice ... For higher taxes ... for workin ' Joes .
Spread your income ... keep what 's yours .
A trillion in new spending ... freeze spending , eliminate waste .
Pain for small business ... economic growth .
Risky ... proven .
For a stronger America , McCain . ”
CABLE BAIT – The ( Norfolk ) Virginian - Pilot : “ A phony State Board of Elections flier advising Republicans to vote on Nov. 4 and Democrats on Nov. 5 is being circulated in several Hampton Roads localities , according to state elections officials .
In fact , Election Day , for voters of all political stripes , remains Nov. 4 .
The somewhat official - looking flier — it features the state board logo and the state seal — is dated Oct. 24 and indicates that ‘ an emergency session of the General Assembly has adopted the follwing ( sic ) emergency regulations to ease the load on local electorial ( sic ) precincts and ensure a fair electorial process . ’” PHOTO HERE .
ANOTHER R ENDORSES OBAMA — in a WashPost op - ed — Charles McC. Mathias Jr. , who represented Maryland in the U.S. House from 1961 to 1968 and in the U.S. Senate from 1969 to 1986 .
MICHELLE OBAMA , TO JAY LENO ON “ THE TONIGHT SHOW ” :
• “ I say this on the trail all the time : Barack Obama is the underdog until he 's sitting in the Oval Office , ” she said to applause .
“ When you 're named Barack Obama , though , you are the underdog .
You start off a few points behind with that name . ”
Leno noted that if Obama wins , his name could become as common as “ Joe Smith in 15 to 20 years . ”
• Michelle Obama — like her husband , a Harvard Law School graduate — noted that she has “ focused a lot on military spouses ” in her events , and added that “ it 's an issue that I 'd love to continue to take on if we are fortunate enough to get into the White House . ”
• She said their two daughters “ quite frankly … could care less ” about the campaign .
“ When he comes home , they 're like , ‘ Let me show you my soccer trophy , ’ ” she said .
The Obama campaign has bought a half - hour on all the networks on Wednesday night and when Malia , who ’s 10 , overheard their dad telling his mother - in - law about it at the kitchen table .
“ She says , ‘ You 're going to be on all the TV ? …
Are you going to interrupt my TV ? ’ ” Michelle Obama recalled , to laughter .
“ He said , ‘ No , we did n't buy time on Disney and Nick . ’
And she said , ‘ Oh , good . ’
And she got up and walked away .
She was just like , ‘ Do n't mess with my TV . ’ ”
• Leno joked about whether she had paid “ 60 grand ” for her outfit and she drew applause by replying : “ Actually , this is a J. Crew ensemble .
…
Ladies , we know J. Crew .
You get some good stuff online . …
When you do n't have time , you 've got to click .
You 've got to click , click on . ”
• Describing her husband as “ very romantic , ” she told about their 16th anniversary , in early October , when the senator ’s campaign press pool accompanied him on his shopping .
“ I was reading the clips , and I saw that he had bought me flowers before he gave me the flowers , ” she said .
“ I read it in the paper .
Sort of took — he came home .
I was like , ‘ Oh , lovely . ’ … I knew they were white . ”
• Grandma “ Toot ” calls her grandson “ Bear . ”
THE BAILOUT SPREADS – N.Y .
Times A1 , “ The Bush administration is examining a range of options for providing emergency financial help to spur a merger between General Motors and Chrysler , according to government officials .
People familiar with the discussions said the administration wanted to provide financial assistance to the deeply troubled Big Three Detroit automakers , possibly by using the Treasury Department ’s wide - ranging authority under the $ 700 billion bailout program that Congress approved this month .
Another option under consideration is to tap a $ 25 billion loan program that Congress just created to help the auto companies modernize their plants .
A third option would involve going back to Congress , immediately after the Nov. 4 election , for authority to spend funds aimed specifically at the auto industry . ”
NYC MAY SEEK FEDERAL BAILOUT -- “ BUDGET DISASTER LOOMS ” FOR N.Y . – Daily News cover – “ The state 's projected budget gap for next year has ballooned to a record $ 12.5 billion , a Paterson administration source disclosed Monday .
The staggering 2009 - 10 deficit estimate , which will be included in the midyear financial plan Gov. Paterson releases today , surpasses the previous record of $ 11.2 billion the state faced after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks .
It 's also nearly double the $ 6.4 billion deficit estimate for 2009 - 10 the Paterson administration released in August . …
In an appearance in Buffalo Monday , Paterson sounded increasingly dire warnings about the impact the Wall Street crisis was having on state finances .
He said he has n't ruled out any cost - cutting measures , including layoffs of state employees , slashing school spending or asking for federal help . ”
THE CRISIS -- “ Cost of crash : $ 2,800,000,000,000 ” : The ( British ) Guardian banner – “ Autumn 's market mayhem has left the world 's financial institutions nursing losses of $ 2.8tn , the Bank of England said today , as it called for fundamental reform of the global banking system to prevent a repeat of turmoil ‘ arguably ’ unprecedented since the outbreak of the first world war .
In its half - yearly health check of the City , the Bank said tougher regulation and constraints on lending would be needed as policymakers sought to learn lessons from the mistakes that have led to a systemic crisis unfolding over the past 15 months . ”
Bloomberg News : " Sarkozy Adds 100,000 Government - Subsidized Jobs in 2009 Budget . "
REAL WORLD – AP ’s Pamela Hess : “ A top al - Qaida in Iraq operative killed during a U.S. raid on a Syrian compound just over the Iraq border was about to carry out an attack in Iraq , U.S. officials say . ”
SCOOP – WSJ A1 : “ In a major policy shift , … [ s ] enior White House and military officials believe that engaging some levels of the Taliban -- while excluding top leaders -- could help reverse a pronounced downward spiral in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan .
The outreach is a draft recommendation in a classified White House assessment of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . ”
THE DAY ’S TOP CLICKS – Both L.A. Times front page – “ Confessions from the campaign trail ” :
--MAEVE RESTON tells what it was like to cover McCain for a year .
( “ Early on , McCain offered an openness that was rare , if not unprecedented .
Now , as the campaign plunges into its final days , that intimacy -- real or imagined -- is gone . ” )
-- PETER NICHOLAS tells what it was like to cover Obama for a year .
( “ Covering Obama 18 hours a day -- in and out of the limelight -- offers few glimpses of his true self .
When in robo - candidate mode , he can be sort of dull , a Times reporter finds . ” )
YOUTUBE DU JOUR – Chuck Norris , “ black - belt patriot , ” for the NRA .
( Hat tip : Taylor S. Gross )
For Nelson -- FACT CHECK : AP ’s Nedra Pickler rules “ DEBATABLE ” the Obama claim that McCain “ still has not been able to tell the American people a single major thing he'd do differently from George Bush when it comes to the economy ” : “ The Obama campaign says the key word of Obama 's statement is ‘ major , ’ and the differences that McCain points to are minor details . ”
TOP TALKER -- WashTimes A1 , Ralph Z. Hallow , “ McCain camp irks GOP leaders in key states ” – examples are OH , VA , Michigan – CO and FL say the campaign was fine : “ Republican Party leaders from several states … have begun privately voicing reservations about McCain strategies and the campaign 's failure to return phone calls or respond to suggestions and offers of volunteer support . …
The leaders also question Mr. McCain 's decision to embrace the ‘ $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout , ’ which riled voters , and his reluctance to make issues out of his Democratic rival 's relationships with his inflammatory former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. , and with Bill Ayers . ”
MODERATES AND EVANGELICALS ALREADY FIGHTING OVER WHO’LL RUN FOR RNC CHAIRMAN IN JANUARY – L.A. Times ’ Peter Wallsten : “ [ M] any Republicans are bracing for McCain to lose the election , leaving the party with no obvious leader with broad public appeal at a time when President Bush is exiting the national stage as a depleted figure .
…
Some conservatives argue privately that an Obama victory would clear out strategists and policy thinkers from the Bush era and the McCain campaign , leaving the party in a better position to rebuild itself as a contrast to the Democrats , who would have control of Congress as well as the White House .
They also note that , even in a year of Democratic strength , there are some positive signs for conservatives .
Gay marriage bans , for example , stand a chance of being approved by the voters in two big states , California and Florida . ”
SECRET SERVICE SAYS THERE WAS NO FORMAL ASSASSINATION PLAN — AP ’s Laura Jakes Jordan : “ Two white supremacists [ a 20 - year - old from Tennessee and an 18 - year - old from Arkansas ] allegedly plotted to go on a national killing spree , shooting and decapitating black people and ultimately targeting Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , federal authorities said Monday . ”
Sen . Obama reaction , to KDKA , the CBS station in Pittsburgh : “ I think what has been striking is the degree to which these groups have been marginalized . …
What I found is people here do n’t care what color you are .
They want to know who can deliver just like the Steelers .
They do n't care the color , they want you to make the plays .
I think the question they have been asking , is Obama going to follow through on his tax cuts to the middle class , will he work on the health care issue ? ”
Asked if he ’s worried , Obama replied : “ I have the best folks in the world , Secret Service . ”
N.Y .
Post –
An armed skinhead takes up the whole cover —
“ WHACK JOB : Loony skinheads in Obama murder plot . ”
HOW THEY SEE US : A photo of a smiling Sen .
Obama , smiling in a trim suit against fall foliage , takes up one - third of the front page of The ( London ) Daily Telegraph , with the headline , “ Obama death plot foiled . ”
D.C. LIFE -- WashPost A1 : “ Metro to Randomly Search Riders ’ Bags . ”
MAZEL TOV – Campbell Brown and Dan Senor are expecting No. 2 in April .
Eli James Senor was born in December ’07 .
ENGAGED – DCI Group senior account executive Wesley Fricks — alumnus of the White House , Bush - Cheney ’ 04 , Auburn , the Kappa Alpha Order and Smith Point — on Sunday night , to Deborah “ Blake ” Simpson , of Raleigh .
She ’s a double University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alum ( undergrad and law ) , and is now an intellectual property attorney at Smith Anderson .
They lead their youth group together .
ASK PETE SEAT … how his Phillies looked from lower level , section 135 , about 30 rows up from third base in Citizens Banks Park .
He finally spotted a Rays fan .
SPORTS BLINK – Philly Inquirer : “ Field of Streams : Game 5 Suspended ” : “ What was pretty much a drizzle for the first three innings turned into a downpour that left the infield a muddy mess and the grass dangerously slick , resulting in the suspension of the game at 11:10 p.m. after 51/2 innings with the teams tied at 2 - 2 .
The game will be resumed at the point it was stopped . ”
AP : “ They could play Tuesday night , provided everyone has enough notice , but one look at The Weather Channel made that possibility doubtful .
The Phillies lead three games to one , needing one more win for their first championship since 1980 . ”
DESSERT – AP wraps up the late - night comedy :
" Political experts say that John McCain 's only chance of winning the election next week is to attract swing voters .
Unfortunately , McCain thinks swing voters are people who listen to Glenn Miller . " — Conan O'Brien , NBC's " Late Night . "
" They say now that Barack Obama is so far ahead in the polls , that the only way he could mess up the election is if he ... got rid of Joe Biden and replaced him with Andy Dick . " — David Letterman , CBS's " The Late Show . "
" The other day , a guy who played a game of basketball against Barack Obama said that Obama spent the whole game ' trash talking . '
He also said Obama 's trash - talking is eloquent , high - minded and inspirational . " — Conan O'Brien , NBC's " Late Night . "
" Today in Alaska the Anchorage Daily News , Alaska 's largest newspaper , guess who they endorsed : Barack Obama .
I know !
That 's another newspaper Sarah Palin will never read . " — Craig Ferguson , CBS's " The Late Late Show . "
" Sarah Palin has spent $ 150,000 on clothes .
$ 150,000 on clothes .
I 'm telling ya , it would have been cheaper if McCain had picked Ellen Barkin .
But that 's nothing .
She 's got an even higher tab at LensCrafters . " — David Letterman , CBS's " The Late Show . "
Follow us on Twitter Anna Palmer @apalmerdc
Jake Sherman @JakeSherman
Preceding posts : Day 3 and Days 1 & 2 . This summarizes Day 4 , October 29 , 2008 .
I ’ll take a slightly different approach in this post for several reasons .
First , I ’m short of time and sleep .
Second , much of the day was given over to cross examination of the middle school principal by Kelly Hamilton , Freshwater ’s attorney , and Hamilton ’s approach to cross examination does not lend itself to any sort of narrative flow .
Therefore I ’ll summarize the main themes of the testimony with some examples of Q&A rather than attempting to reproduce the exact sequence of questions through hours .
The bulk of the testimony today was from Bill White , Principal of the Mt. Vernon Middle School .
Another student , a former student of Freshwater who is currently a senior at Mt. Vernon High School , also testified .
More below the fold .
Stylistic note : Throughout this account where I use a sentence form like “ He was first notified of the Tesla coil incident on Dec 10 , ” read it as “ He testified that he was first notified … ” .
White direct examination
Conducted by David Millstone , the Board of Education ’s attorney .
White started in the job of Middle School Principal in the Fall of 2007 , just in time for the hoorah .
He was first notified of the Tesla coil incident the morning of Dec 10 by Steve Short , Superintendent of Schools , who called White to his office .
Short described the parents ’ allegation and showed White the pictures taken by Jenifer Dennis , the student Zachary ’s mother .
White identified two pictures entered as exhibits in the hearing yesterday as those Short had shown him .
Short instructed White to ascertain what he could about the allegation .
That afternoon White and Mr. Ritchie , the middle school assistant principal , met with Freshwater .
According to White , when asked about it Freshwater initially said that nothing had occurred , but as the conversation proceeded admitted that there was a class exercise with shocks .
White instructed Freshwater to sequester the Tesla coil ( I think the phrase used was “ lock up ” but I ’m not sure ) .
He subsequently instructed Bill Oxenford , chairman of the middle school science department , to retrieve all the Tesla coils in the department and turn them in to White .
Oxenford returned three devices to White .
Note that yesterday Freshwater testified that he retained the device he had used in class .
White was not aware that there was a coil outstanding , and did not authorize Freshwater to remove one from the school .
Moving on to the Fellowship of Christian Athletes ( FCA ) , White testified that he met with Freshwater and Ritchie early in the 2007 - 2008 school year to pass to Freshwater an FCA manual outlining the duties of FCA faculty monitors .
Sections of the manual had been specifically highlighted by Superintendent Short .
White testified that he had multiple problems / complaints regarding Freshwater ’s activities through the 2007 - 2008 school year .
This is a summary of White ’s testimony :
The complaints / issues included the use ( or lack thereof ) of parent permission forms for FCA .
Under
White ’s new administration of the middle school , parental permission forms are required whenever a student is not in his or her scheduled place during the school day .
Since FCA meets during lunch time , the new policy was applicable to FCA , and White testified that Freshwater was laggard in getting them .
Each such activity is also required to submit a report of an attendance count , and White testified that on a number of occasions the number of students reported to be attending FCA meetings exceeded the number of permission slips turned in .
White said that the permission slip problem persisted longer with Freshwater than the other FCA monitors ( 6th and 7th grade ) , and that he does n’t know if Freshwater ever fully complied with the policy .
White said that some of the topics discussed at FCA were reported to be inappropriate .
One such allegedly inappropriate topic was discussing students going to anti-abortion rallies .
Freshwater is a participant in Dave Daubenmire ’s Minutemen United , which is a fundamentalist Christian activist organization that ( among other things ) protests at abortion clinics and takes pictures of vehicle license plates of patrons of a topless joint in Newcastle , Ohio , a hamlet out in Amish country .
( Careful about those mental images you ’re generating ! ) .
Daubenmire was a coach at Mt. Vernon high school years ago .
He moved to London , Ohio , where the ACLU brought suit against the district to prohibit Daubenmire from leading prayers with his football team .
The district settled out of court .
Daubenmire then left public education and founded Pass the Salt Ministries .
He was one of Freshwater ’s most vocal and mililtant supporters early on in this brouhaha , but has been frozen out over the last three or four months .
Note that it is OK for a public school teacher to protest at abortion clinics on his / her own time .
The question here was whether Freshwater initiated that discussion with students while acting as a school employee .
White testified that he could n’t substantiate the allegation that Freshwater initiated that discussion at FCA , and that Freshwater apparently discouraged students ’ participation at this time due to unspecified conditions .
Freshwater was alleged to have participated in a healing ceremony or healing prayer for a visiting speaker at an FCA meeting .
White testified that he determined that Freshwater had indeed participated in a prayer for healing / good health for a guest speaker .
White testified that Freshwater told him he probably had prayed in that situation .
White testified that there was an allegation that Freshwater had initiated contact with at least some guest speakers rather than students , as is required .
FCA is supposed to be a student - led and operated organization , with the faculty member a monitor rather than leader / participant .
While FCA is not a school sponsored organization , the requirement for a faculty monitor derives from the fact that FCA meets during the school day ( at lunch time ) when the school bears responsibility for the students .
White testified that inquiries were made to several outside speakers ( by whom it was not clear ) , and that Freshwater had indeed initiated the contact with a couple of them .
White testified that Freshwater had religious materials displayed in his classroom , and at a meeting in early April 2008
White instructed Freshwater to remove those displayed materials .
They included a collage featuring the 10 Commandments ; stickers on cupboard doors with inspirational sayings and Bible verses ; a poster of Colin Powell and George Bush praying with a Bible verse on it ; a poster advertising a Will Graham evangelical event ; a couple of boxes of FCA New Testaments in the room ; and Freshwater ’s Bible on his desk .
With respect to the latter , Freshwater was instructed that he could read it during non-class ‘ off ’ time , but that it had to be out of sight when students were in the room .
White had pictures taken of aspects of the religious displays , and several of those photos were entered into evidence at the hearing .
White testified that Freshwater did not promptly comply with the instructions to remove the religious materials , so in mid-April White wrote Freshwater a letter giving him a deadline for the removal .
White said that Freshwater asked him if he did n’t comply would that be insubordination .
White replied in the affirmative .
Sometime during that week Freshwater added a Bible checked out from the middle school library and a book titled “ Jesus of Nazareth , ” also from the middle school library , to the science table in his room .
White testified that Freshwater left his Bible on his desk at the end of the school year .
White cross examination
Conducted by Kelly Hamilton , Freshwater ’s attorney .
Once again , Hamilton ’s cross examination style is scattershot , with questions skipping from topic to topic and back again .
Hamilton was once a Columbus , Ohio , police sergeant , and his cross examination style resembles a good cop ’s interrogation style .
So I ’ll here try to impose some narrative structure that was not in the actual sequence of questions and answers .
White ’s cross examination was suspended late in the afternoon so the student mentioned above could testify , and will resume tomorrow .
First , Hamilton established that White had not reviewed the testimony from Days 1 and 2 of this hearing , had not reviewed the independent investigator ’s report before it was submitted several months ago , and had no input to that report beyond the questioning of White by the investigators in the course of their investigation .
There were two main themes that I saw in the cross examination questioning .
One was the degree and appropriateness of the supervision provided to Freshwater .
The second was whether Freshwater was treated differently from other teachers through the last year in these kinds of matters .
Some subsidiary themes popped up now and then .
For example , the strange interpretation of the 1st Amendment Establishment Clause , to the effect that if someone does n’t know that a Bible is a religious book , would it be promoting religion to have a Bible on one ’s desk ?
That is almost exactly what Hamilton asked White in one question sometime during the afternoon .
Supervision Theme
The supervision theme emerged in several lines of questioning .
For example , in one line of questioning Hamilton established that White had talks with several other teachers about religious material displayed in their rooms subsequent to the public eruption of the Freshwater affair .
White testified that in answer to a question from one of them , he told those teachers that if they objected to removing the materials their best course was to remove the materials and then file a grievance as provided in the master contract with the collective bargaining unit .
Hamilton wondered why White had not given the same grievance advice to Freshwater .
White replied that Freshwater had n’t asked about it , and that every teacher is ( or should be ) aware of the opportunity to file grievances through the process specified in the master contract .
When asked by Hamilton , White did n’t know if Freshwater is a member of the bargaining unit , a chapter of the Ohio Education Association .
( In fact Freshwater is not a member of the bargaining unit , but nevertheless the provisions of the master contract apply to him . )
Further questions in this theme focused on the boundaries of acceptable behavior by teachers concerning religious matters .
For example , Hamilton asked if a student raised a question about , say , Easter , could a teacher entertain a brief discussion of it .
White replied that if it was not in the standards - based curriculum , discussion would be inappropriate .
Asked what the teacher should do , White replied that speaking as an ex-elementary teacher , he would advise the student to take that question to his / her parents .
Hamilton asked whether there was a written policy specifically regarding teaching to the standards .
White replied that teachers were expected to teach to the standards .
Asked whether teachers could go beyond the material specified in the standards ,
White replied that they could if they had covered the material in the standards .
There was a series of questions to attempt to establish that Freshwater did n’t / could n’t know that his use of the Tesla coil to shock students was inappropriate .
For example , Hamilton pursued the notion of on - the - job training , asking whether having been trained in the use of the Tesla coil by a now - retired teacher ( Jeff George ) , and given that there had been no prior complaints or administrative communication regarding that use , could Freshwater rely on those to conclude that his use was appropriate ?
White ’s answer was inconclusive .
Hamilton displayed ( but did not enter into evidence ) a poster showing a U.S. flag and the mottoes “ In God We Trust ” and “ With God Everything is Possible . ”
The former is the U.S. motto , the latter the State of Ohio motto .
Hamilton asked if there were such posters in the school .
White replied that there is a fair number of them in classrooms and other areas , that they had been donated by an organization in Steubenville , and that the school was legally required to display them if they were donated to the school .
( I know nothing about that – any Ohio legal scholars out there ? )
Hamilton asked a series of questions about whether the administrators , and White in particular , had a mandatory duty to report the incident to Children ’s Services and why it was n’t reported to the police if Freshwater had held the boy ’s hand down , as the boy had testified .
White replied that he had too little information at the time to initiate a report – he knew only that one anonymous student of more than a thousand had possibly been injured , and that he reported what he found from Freshwater back to Superintendent White .
Pressed further ,
White said that if the same sort of situation occurred again he would report it .
Hamilton asked
White if he had observed any tests of the use of the Tesla coil on humans .
White replied that he had seen one , when the President of the Board of Education , Ian Watson , had asked White to shock him .
White declined on the ground that he ( White ) has an electronic implant and does n’t fool around with things like that .
White called Elle Button , another middle school science teacher , to his office and asked her to shock Watson .
She declined on the ground that she thought it was inappropriate use of the device .
Watson finally shocked himself on the arm .
White could recall no details of the mark , if any , since he was keeping his distance on account of his implant .
White reported that Watson said it hurt .
White was later reminded by Hamilton ’s referring to the investigator ’s report that White had also been present when an investigator shocked himself with a Tesla coil .
White conceded that he had been present , but once again had kept his distance from the procedure on account of his implant .
( Parenthetically , writing as an ex-Navy missile technician who was trained to work around RF sources , I am flabbergasted at how casually these people wander around zorching themselves and each other with RF ( 500 KHz ) generating devices .
A few weeks ago I had a lively sidewalk discussion with a Kenyon physicist about a couple of his colleagues in that department who got peripherally involved early in the Freshwater affair by zapping themselves with a Tesla coil and going on to the newspaper about how it did n’t seem to cause tissue damage .
I passed on some suggestions about skin effects of RF – basically , it ’s mainly conducted on or very near the surface of metallic conductors – and how in human bodies the RF “ skin ” depth is up in double - digit centimeters , meaning that RF readily passes into deeper tissue and into the nervous and circulatory systems .
There are anecdotal accounts of subdermal tissue damage with relatively minor visible manifestations due specifically to devices like those in the middle school .
It puts me in mind of 17th century alchemists who tested compounds for their poisonous effects by dosing themselves with strange and wondrous concoctions .
We do not seem to have come far in some respects .
The only sensible people in this respect that I ’ve seen mentioned in this affair are Elle Button and Bill White . )
Discrimination theme
In several lines of questions Hamilton attempted to show that Freshwater was systematically treated differently than other teachers in similar circumstances .
For example , Hamilton asked White if other teachers had Bibles on their desks and / or religious displays in their rooms .
White replied that several teachers had had such displays , but took them down on instructions from him .
White was aware of only Lori Miller , another middle school science teacher , with a Bible on her desk currently .
Asked why Miller was allowed to keep her Bible on her desk while Freshwater was not ,
White replied that Miller ’s was not there in the context of a larger display of religious materials , whereas at the time the instruction to conceal his Bible was given to Freshwater his was a part of a larger set of religious displays in his classroom .
Some subsidiary themes
As mentioned above , Hamilton returned to his bizarre notion of the effect prong of the Lemon test described in my earlier post linked at the top .
One line of questioning established that the Dennis family was the original source of several of the allegations that are included in the independent investigator ’s report .
White conceded that is true .
( One task of the Board ’s attorney is to provide independent corroboration of those allegations , and that ’s under way – see James Hoeffgen ’s testimony below for the beginning of that corroboration . )
Another set of questions dealt with the pictures of Zachary ’s arm .
White was asked if he thought someone could have altered the injury to make it look more like a cross .
I did n’t catch White ’s response .
He was asked if he thought the pictures were fabricated .
He did not .
Another line of questions focused on Zach Dennis ’ honesty .
White was asked if he knew whether Zach had ever been dishonest .
White replied that he was once , that on one occasion Zach had apparently told his parents that he himself had contacted a potential FCA speaker , but that Freshwater had actually made the contact .
There were repeated questions scattered through the cross about documentation – did White keep notes of conversations and events ( sometimes ) , where were they ( in his office ) , and so on .
Another set of questions focused on the fact that Freshwater ’s daughter was a member of FCA , and on the potential conflicts that might involve .
White was asked if he thought there was a potential conflict between his role as parent and his role as FCA monitor .
White agreed there was .
Asked if he ’d advised Freshwater of that potential conflict , White replied that he had not .
White ’s cross examination was suspended so James Hoeffgen could testify .
James Hoeffgen direct examination
James is a Mt. Vernon High School student who had Freshwater as his teacher in 8th grade science in 2004 - 2005 .
James testified that Freshwater spent a lot of time on evolution in his class .
Under questioning , he said that Freshwater used a creationist video by Kent Hovind , who Freshwater introduced as “ a renowned scientist . ”
James said that Freshwater told his class that carbon dating is unreliable , that the earth might only be a few thousand years old , and that dinosaurs may have lived at the same time as cave men .
James testified that Freshwater used creationist - related material in his teaching of science .
For example , James said Freshwater used two handouts , one called Survival of the Fakest , a 2001 American Spectator article by Jonathan Wells , and the other a handout concerning Haeckel ’s embryos asserting they were fake but are still used in biology textbooks .
While the handouts were supposed to be returned at the end of the class period , James took his home .
He said his parents were disturbed that Freshwater was using it and explained to him that it was in error .
Note that this was in 2004 - 2005 .
Freshwater had testified that he ceased using the “ Survival of the Fakest ” handout in 2003 after his “ Objective Origins Policy ” had been rejected by the Board of Education .
According to James ’ testimony Freshwater continued using obvious creationist materials well after that .
Asked if Freshwater taught about “ intelligent design , ” James replied he did not , but hinted at a creator .
James was asked if he was uncomfortable with the religious overtones of Freshwater ’s teaching and room .
James replied that he was , that at that time he considered himself to be Jewish and that the displays of Christian materials in the room made him uncomfortable .
He said he told his parents that , but he did n’t know if they did anything further about it with the school .
James Hoeffgen cross examination
Hamilton asked if James knows the Dennis family .
He does not .
He was asked how many times he ’d met with David Millstone , the Board ’s attorney .
Once , last summer .
Hamilton asked how James came to be involved in this hearing .
James replied that a friend , Ron Griggs , knew of the pending hearing and knew James had been Freshwater ’s student , and suggested he contact the relevant people .
In the cross examination James reported that Freshwater had used the Hovind video once , and that it lasted one or two class periods .
He said he reported that to his parents , and that they contacted the middle school principal at the time about it .
James confirmed that Freshwater did not use the words “ intelligent design , ” “ ID , ” or “ creationism in class .
Referring to a discussion of abortion in class , James could not remember whether Freshwater brought it up or a student did .
Hamilton showed James some of the pictures of religious items in Freshwater ’s room taken in the 2007 - 2008 school year .
James identified the 10 Commandments poster as having been in the room in 2004 - 2005 .
James Hoeffgen redirect examination
Millstone asked James if he reached any conclusion , then or later , about what Freshwater was doing in his teaching of evolution .
James replied that his parents were upset about Freshwater ’s use of Survival of the Fakest , about Freshwater ’s claims of the inaccuracy of carbon dating , about the Hovind video , and about the notion that dinosaurs and humans were on earth together .
Millstone asked James what he concluded from Freshwater ’s teaching .
James replied with an anecdote .
He said his sister had found a rock and was going to take it to a teacher to see if she could find out how old it is .
James said he told his sister to not bother , “ Science ca n’t be trusted .
Science can’t teach us anything . ”
That ’s a direct quote , immediately checked with an attorney who was also taking notes .
And it says it all .
The hearing was recessed until 9:00 tomorrow ( well , today , actually , in about 5 hours ! )
" Thick and fast . "
That 's the phrase that describes the opinions , pleas , advice , denunciations , and WTF ?
going on around the U.S. auto industry right now .
Enter Congress , which is trying to figure out how to give Detroit automakers the $ 25 billion they were promised a few months ago .
Congressmen are sounding off almost daily on what kinds of stipulations they want to attach to the loan / bailout / whatever you want to call it -- and that 's just the ones who would vote for it at all .
Next up is Senator Bill Nelson , a Florida democrat , who wants U.S. automakers to achieve a fleet average of 50 mpg by 2020 .
Right now , the CAFE target is 35 mpg by 2020 -- a goal agreed upon only after a huge amount of jockeying in and out of Congress .
Nelson asked , " Why should we be pouring taxpayer money into an automobile industry that has continued to resist higher miles per gallon , which has led us in part to the problems we 're in ?
" While that might sound like a great idea to some , it would cost a terrific sum of money to achieve .
The Detroit Three need the money they 're asking for just to get to Q2 of 2009 , not to create a range of cars that would represent magnificent advances -- based on where we are right now -- in 11 years .
There 's a good chance nothing will be decided until the president - elect takes office , and by then , who knows what other requests Congress will have .
[ Source : Automotive News - Sub. Req . ]
Blaming the Good Samaritan
In the early 90's , I attended an academic conference in Hawaii .
At one presentation , a colleague from the University of California at Berkeley whom I 'll refer to as " the supervisor , " told a story of young hackers , who he referred to as the Urchins .
 There should be a way for Good Samaritans to be seen for what they achieve , not for being criminals due to the embarrassment of the organization accessed . 
The Urchins , according to the supervisor , remotely accessed several corporate mainframes as a way of learning and found vulnerabilities in their systems .
They told the supervisor , who contacted the effected companies and told them of the illicit access and the vulnerabilities .
He explained what he was told by the Urchins :
There was no intent to do harm and they only wanted to notify the companies of weaknesses in their systems .
To the companies , the motive did not matter .
The only information they wanted was the name of the Urchins , so they could talk with them .
The supervisor refused .
Thirty days later , the Urchins accessed the same systems again through the same vulnerabilities .
Even though the companies had been warned , they did nothing .
More than a decade later , we find ourselves in the same situation .
Earlier this month , Security Focus reported that a 20 - year - old student at Carleton University in Ottawa , Ontario , faces criminal charges because he allegedly breached the security of the school 's network .
The school did not detect the attack on its own :
The student sent a 16 - page report detailing the security issues and potential solutions to network administrators and other students .
While the university is fixing the vulnerabilities , it seems less interested in solving its security problems and more interested in prosecuting the ' offenders . '
This is a classic instance of a case that should beg protection under a Good Samaritan law .
Historically , Good Samaritan laws are legislation designed to protect from blame those who choose to aid others who are injured or ill .
An example is giving voluntary first aid in the case of an auto accident and being shielded from legal prosecution .
Whether a person should get amnesty for hacking into a Web site without permission for the sole purpose of checking security is not a new question .
In 2002 , Security Focus asked :
Do good intentions count in a network intrusion , or should well - meaning hackers be prosecuted just like any other computer criminal ?
In 2006 , the prosecution of Eric McCarty served as a signpost for security researchers who poke around other people 's systems to test their security :
Be ready to face the legal consequences .
The year before , MrCarty , a prospective student at the University of Southern California ( USC ) used simple database injection techniques to retrieve the names and Social Security numbers of seven prospective students to demonstrate a flaw in the university 's online application system .
He contacted SecurityFocus , which acted to relay information to the university .
McCarty was later prosecuted and plead guilty .
He received six months of home detention and a felony on his record .
These actions , as with the student at Carleton University , point to the inability of the law to prosecute wrongful acts but shield those who have good intentions and do no harm .
Presently , unauthorized access , even with good intent , is seen as an unlawful action .
In the minds of law enforcement , unauthorized access is unauthorized access .
There should be a way for Good Samaritans to be seen for what they achieve , not for being criminals due to the embarrassment of the organization accessed .
While this is a slippery slope , being a fine line between honest investigation and hacking , the law needs to catch up with reality .
Companies cannot or do not catch all vulnerabilities in their public - facing systems and honest help is a good thing .
At present , the only legal way to investigate systems is to get permission for penetration testing .
It is unlikely that administrators at Carlton University would have ever given the student such permission .
So , any would - be Good Samaritans who see potential security problems and only wish to help solve them , have a simple choice :
Do n't do anything , or face criminal prosecution .
This is a lose - lose situation .
Batman , the small subdistrict of Ankara , Turkey announced on Wednesday their attention to sue Warner Bros. for its Batman movie franchise .
According to the story at India ’s Top News , Batman mayor Huseyin Kalkan feels permission should have been obtained prior to filming .
The very first filmed Batman was the 1943 serial with the first full - length feature being the 1966 movie with the television cast .
More recently , The Dark Knight amassed $ 992,764,009 in global box office receipts according to Box Office Mojo .
Batman became a distinct subdistrict in 1937 , two years before the character ’s debut in Detective Comics # 27 .
The name comes from the Batman River and as it prospered it first became a town of Siirt in 1957 , and in 1990 was made its own province .
" There is only one Batman in this world , " said Kalkan .
" Without telling us , the US makers of the films have taken the name of our region . "
The mayor confirmed for the press that he would file suit in the United States if it came to that .
Spread the word !
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Click to view Finally .
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata has just announced that , beginning in Spring 2009 ( at least for Japan ) , Nintendo Wii owners will be able to download software directly to an SD card .
" We have to address the console 's insufficient memory storage , " said Iwata , speaking at today 's Nintendo Fall Press Conference .
This obviously applies only to WiiWare and Virtual Console games , but hey , since they were the things clogging up your memory in the first place , it 's hard to see this as anything other than good news .
Not perfect news , but still , better than silence .
[ Liveblogging the Nintendo Press Conference Liveblog ]
Advertisement
OFFSEASON SCORECARD OFFSEASON SCORECARD
The list : 2008 -09 free agents , top 25 's projected destinations Clutch performers :
Our formula tracks postseason 's best under pressure NEW YORK ( AP ) 
Two New York City Council members say that Citigroup should show its thanks for a federal bailout by sharing the naming rights to the new Mets ballpark in Queens .
The struggling bank is slated to pay $ 400 million over the next 20 years to name the stadium Citi Field .
The bank made the commitment years ago , when it was flush with cash .
Now that Citigroup is getting billions of dollars in federal aid , Staten Island Republicans Vincent Ignizio and James Oddo say the ballpark 's name should be changed to Citi / Taxpayer Field .
Citigroup and Mets chief operating officer Jeff Wilpon have been saying that they have no plan to alter the naming - rights deal for the ballpark , which hosts its regular - season opener April 13 .
Wilpon and Citigroup spokesman Steve Silverman said they had no comment on the proposal .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Let it be said from the start that this list is neither comprehensive nor an attempt to rank the “ greatest ” aliens .
I truly feel the odds are highly in favor of there being more alien races in the universe than science fiction could possibly imagine ( and we have n’t met a single one of them yet ) .
But the field has certainly given it the old college try in imagining what they might be like .
As such , this list is nothing more or less than some of the aliens I have enjoyed getting to know in the pages of books .
Some are foes , some are friends , some are neither or misunderstood decent - folk .
In an effort to limit the possibilities at least somewhat , the following criteria apply :
Only races found in “ books ” are included ( no short stories or visual media ) .
The book must be good enough to read regardless of how cool the aliens are .
The aliens must be fleshed out to where you would know what to expect if suddenly meeting them .
They must be unique and memorable .
Here then , are a few I think I “ know ” that are in no particular order .
15 Aalaag
Hard for humans to pronounce , with a deep glottal stop after the first “ A ” , the Aalaag conquered Earth easily to set the stage for Gordon R. Dickson ’s 1987 novel , Way of the Pilgrim .
Considered within their own ethos , the Aalaag are extremely just masters — mistreatment of their human “ cattle ” by one of their kind is a serious offense .
But they demand obedience and a rigid code of conduct that rankles the human spirit .
Actually , the Aalaag are a conquered race themselves , fleeing from some unnamed but awesomely powerful enemy that took their home worlds .
They are in essence warriors , tall and proud , each with a collection of personal arms and possessing a Spartan outlook on their condition .
Every single Aalaag views duty as the highest virtue , and all duty is directed towards one day regaining their lost worlds .
The races they themselves conquer are used to exploit resources in support of this ultimate goal .
Our hero is Shane Evert , a gifted linguist who leads a translator - courier corp in the service of the alien leader , First Captain Lyt Ahn .
The book title refers to the use of a Pilgrim as a universal motif of the human condition , which becomes a symbol for the nascent resistance movement .
Absorbing , warmly human — at times captivating — the novel is Dickson at his finest , and that is a high level of writing indeed .
14 Psychlos
Forget about the absolutely wretched John Travolta movie .
Forget about whatever you think of L. Ron Hubbard as the founder of Scientology .
Just read his mammoth ( 1,066 paperback pages ) 1982 novel Battlefield Earth .
It is rollicking space opera the way space opera is supposed to be .
The Psychlos do n’t just conquer planets .
They do n’t just conquer galaxies .
They conquer universes .
Only they have the secret to instantaneous teleportation .
And one of their biggest operations is the Intergalactic Mining Company , which knocks natives back to the Stone Age and then systematically strips their planet of all available ore , almost down to the very core .
Oh , and the Psychlos find cruelty to be “ delicious . ”
The crooked — even by their standards — Security Head of Earth is named Terl and he is scheming to get rich by “ training ” native humans to do some illegal mining for him .
Superb characterization of both aliens and humans in a story that moves so briskly , you ’ll forget you are reading .
A tip of the hat must be made to the Selachees , another alien race in the book that is unique and crucial to the outcome .
13 Thranx
Alan Dean Foster has penned a number of works set in the Human - Thranx ( Humanx ) Commonwealth , but most deal with well - known characters such as Flinx and Pip , with the Thranx being in the background if appearing at all .
One novel , however , thoroughly explored the culture of the Thranx while detailing how humans came to partner with them .
That would be 1982 ’s Nor Crystal Tears , which in large part is written from the Thranx viewpoint .
Everything just seems to fit in this novel — by the end of it , you are so much pulling for the insectoid Thranx to form an alliance with humans that you would immediately recognize any instance of Foster not treating a Thranx as a Thranx ( even though there is plenty of room for individualism within the species ) .
But he handles the race perfectly .
And I happen to really like praying mantises .
12 Martians
Specifically , the Martians in Fredric Brown ’s 1955 novel Martians , Go Home .
They literally are little green men , but what they truly are — first , foremost , and always — are assholes .
Being an asshole seems to be their major occupation .
They invade Earth by the millions literally overnight , speaking English with something like a Brooklyn accent , and proceed to make utter nuisances of themselves .
With disastrous , even fatal , results .
They can teleport anywhere , and although they ca n’t be touched , they are substantial enough to where you ca n’t see through them — auto and plane crashes by the thousands .
They like nothing better than to tell you who your wife is sleeping with , give national defense secrets to other countries , comment of human shortcomings — anything to be as big a pain in the ass as possible .
This book is almost universally considered a classic of the genre , and I have n’t met anyone who read it and did n’t like it .
11 Pequeninos
Speaker for the Dead is Orson Scott Card ’s 1986 sequel to his justifiably world - famous novel Ender ’s Game ( a deserved entry on JFrater ’s list of science fiction for people who do n’t read science fiction ) .
Both novels won both the Hugo and Nebula awards — the first time anyone has accomplished such a back - to - back feat .
Speaker is much different in tone , backdrop and subject material , even though Ender is still the major character .
Almost certainly many people will disagree with listing pequinos as a classic alien race — arguing instead for the Buggers or even Jane — but it is the rich depiction of the “ piggy ” society that gets the nod here .
Especially because , much to Ender ’s chagrin , once again the difficulties of interspecies communication are at the forefront as humans attempt ( in vain ) to understand the pequinos without disrupting their natural development .
Very touching in places , and a must for any sci- fi reader interested in comparative religion .
Before that scares you off , I am most decidedly NOT interested in such , but loved the book anyway .
If nothing else , the concepts of framling ( humans from other planets ) , ramen ( non-humans whom we communicate with as though they were human ) , and varelse ( non-humans with whom no communication is possible , such as intelligent viruses ) should be remembered at the inevitable time when we come into contact with interstellar beings .
10 Overlords
Widely included in university science fiction courses everywhere , Arthur C. Clarke ’s 1953 classic Childhood ’s End depicts yet another conqueror of Earth — but a benign one , in many ways .
The Overlords make life better for everyone and end many of our persistent woes , all while sitting aloof in their gigantic starships positioned over major cities .
Mankind adapts , as is his nature .
But the Overlords will not reveal themselves for fifty years and the reason why incorporates the Jungian concept of racial memory .
No spoiler coming , but this inclusion is probably why so many professors love to teach the novel .
Anyway , of course there is a secret to why the Overlords are doing what they do .
What happens when that is revealed might best be described as “ poignant . ”
9 Fithp
Larry Niven did n’t need the money but Jerry Pournelle did .
Does n’t really matter , because both guys are science fiction authors whether they ’re eating Hamburger Helper or fillet mignon .
Together they are one of the most successful collaborations the field has ever seen .
1985 ’s Footfall is an excellent example .
People who do n’t read science fiction were reading Niven / Pournelle novels in college during the 80’s while waiting for the next Heinlein to come out .
Anyway , anyone who has read the book has to think of the Fithp as elephants .
As humans are a culture of individuals , as ants are a colony culture , the Fithp are a herd culture .
Excellent treatment of that basic premise — and being herd creatures , they do not understand the concept of diplomatic compromise … you either dominate or you submit .
In particular , the internal politics of an intelligent herd engaged in difficult conquest are handled with admirable skill .
8 Drac
Ok .
So a guy publishes a novelette and it wins the Nebula — mere months after the guy publically denounces the awards themselves !
Then it wins the Hugo .
Along with the John W. Campbell award because , after all , the guy is new .
So he ’s the first person ever to win all three of those awards in one year .
Big deal ?
Sort of .
Along came Hollywood and a somewhat underrated film starring Dennis Quaid and Louis Gossett , Jr. ( Gossett got a Best Actor nomination , even though the film was n’t really a hit . )
Suddenly , Barry B. Longyear is a major player in science fiction as a result of 1979 ’s Enemy Mine .
Drac and humans are at war .
One human fighter pilot and one alien fighter pilot are marooned on a world where existence is difficult to say the least .
They are forced to pool resources just to stay alive .
Problem is , the Dracs are hermaphrodites and Jeriba does n’t need a partner to reproduce .
Spoiler alert next sentence :
An untimely death and our human is forced to raise the alien progeny as his own .
Both the book and the movie are essentially the story of one human and one alien interacting , with a beginning and an ending tacked onto either end .
If you ’re in the right frame of mind , you ’ll cry .
You will absolutely know the Drac , especially if you have both seen the movie and read the book .
The Drac are included here because they fit the criteria ; I own many Longyear books mainly as a result of the sheer pathos in Enemy Mine , but find the majority of his stuff barely readable .
7 Fuzzies
H. Beam Piper solidified his place in science fiction history with the publication of 1962 ’s Little Fuzzy .
The adjectives most used in reviews of this book might well be “ delightful ” and “ charming ” and one ca n’t blame the reviewers for that .
Cute and cuddly , the Fuzzies are .
But the novel explores a rather important theme : how do we define sapience ?
Is this lifeform just a critter , over which we can claim dominion , or a thinking creature in its own right , in which case exploitation — and even murder — rears its ugly head ?
Sequels followed , not always written by the originator — none are as enjoyable as the original .
6 Groaci
It ’s problematical whether Keith Laumer is best known for his Bolo series of works or what he has done with his James Bond - ish assistant diplomat character Jame Retief .
Probably the latter .
Lots of stories and novels over several decades .
Regardless , these tongue - in - cheek tales of derring - do and human ingenuity in the face of human diplomatic incompetence have sold quite well for many years .
In most of them , there is an insidious plot behind whatever the current weird aliens are doing that is being masterminded by the Groaci .
No slouches at the diplomatic bargaining table , the Groaci are nonetheless almost incapable of dealing squarely .
The books are pun-filled and light - hearted , but the Groaci are badass unless put on a leash .
Almost not included on the list , as they are rather a two - dimensional race .
Fun , nonetheless .
5 Ythrians
Poul Anderson is undoubtedly one of the deans of American science fiction — his word count alone contains way too many commas .
Many of those words were as a result of cranking out short story after short story for the magazines back in the day .
He had sort of a “ Future History ” — a term associated with Robert A. Heinlein which see , — but Anderson ’s future history was rather a disjointed one .
Many of his stories were set in the backdrop of the so - called “ Polesotechic League ” which spanned 4,000 years of human interstellar exploration .
The League is a thinly - veiled ( if veiled at all ) allegory of 19th - century robber - baron capitalism .
So what about the Ythri ?
1978 ’s The Earth Book Of Stormgate violates a criterion : it ’s a story collection , not a novel .
But Hloch of the Stormgate Choth introduces each story as a scholar / historian .
And the interwoven stories themselves , combined with Hloch ’s notes , definitely give the reader a sense of Ythrian culture .
The best way to include that race in this list — and they are worthy of inclusion — is via the Earth Book ( although Ythrians also appear in other works by Anderson ) .
4 Hroshii
Hard to explain these guys without spoiling everything , but I ’ll try .
Well over half of Robert A. Heinlein ’s 1954 “ juvenile ” SF novel The Star Beast has played out before the word Hroshii ever appears .
But , they ’re plenty powerful — and disinclined to negotiate .
They ’re looking for someone , and they simply will not take no for an answer .
The someone they are looking for has a little trouble taking no for an answer , as well .
Not truly disobedient , and with no desire to cause harm , just kind of literal - minded in following instructions and always a little hungry .
“ Lummox ” is so a person and more than that , s/he ’s a friend !
3 Forhilnor
Pretty danged human for being essentially giant spiders .
Canadian author Robert J. Sawyer , who is probably today ’s foremost purveyor of “ hard ” science fiction , introduced us to this race in 2000 ’s Calculating God .
Even though the events in the novel deal with the Forhilnors coming to Earth and interacting with a human paleontologist , it could be said that the aliens are simply bystanders …
Sawyer uses that encounter to tackle really mind - blowing concepts of creation , cosmology , and why life exists at all .
Nevertheless , the reader would love to have Hollus as a dinner guest and would be proud to have that [ person ] as a friend .
Satisfies the criterion of knowing what those folks are really like .
But as a digression :
Take three good friends .
One is a fundamentalist assured of his salvation .
The second is an agnostic who feels he believes in God but does n’t quite know what that means .
The third is an atheist who looks strictly to chemical processes .
Remember , they are all good friends .
Calculating
God is the book they should discuss around a campfire .
2 Chtorrans
If you do n’t know David Gerrold , you nonetheless probably know one thing he did — he wrote the Star Trek episode “ The Trouble With Tribbles . ”
His output includes a number of short stories and novels of varying quality .
But in 1983 he published A Matter For Men , volume one in what became known as “ The War Against The Chtorr . ”
Although the “ worms ” are the most visible face of the Chtorr , what we have here is nothing less than the attempt of an entire biosphere to conquer Earth .
Several books resulted , and happily some of the latter ones are just as good as the first .
They really have to be read in order , though , as the Chtorran infestation multiplies and human reaction changes accordingly .
This comes close to violating a criterion — it would be stretching it to call a Chtorran worm a “ person ” … even with absolutely zero speciesism .
A God maybe , but not a person .
1 Yilane
Another rather well - known race , and here ’s hoping someone with a real budget will get around to making a movie of Harry Harrison ’s 1984 masterpiece West of Eden .
It spawned a few sequels ( with the usual slight lowering of quality ) and is a stunning example of meticulous alien - creation .
Although , the Yilane are n’t truly aliens in one sense of the word … this is an alternate evolution of Earth story .
Humans are at the hunter - gatherer stage .
The Yilane are 4 - foot tall , erect intelligent reptiles descended from dinosaurs .
Theirs is a matriarchal society whose technology is based almost exclusively on the manipulation of the biological sciences .
They literally grow plants and animals that are modified to perform such diverse functions as microscopes , boats , and living blankets .
The Yilane are tropical whereas the humans are temperate .
But impending climate changes push the two societies towards one another and conflict erupts .
Kerrick , the human protagonist , is uniquely situated — he was captured by the Yilane at an early age and raised among them .
This upbringing is the true beauty of the book : it allows the author to show the reader the awesomely rich Yilane culture without having to rely heavily on exposition .
As Kerrick learns , so do we .
And quite an education it happens to be , as readers end up truly knowing a completely alien culture — without any sacrifice in good storytelling whatsoever .
Harrison is rather erratic in the quality of his various works — some are horrible , many are craftsman - like , a handful are quite good — but he undoubtedly triumphed with this one .
Contributor : Grubthrower
The Knight 's Tour
( November 2008 )
Slashdotted !
The Knight 's Tour is a mathematical problem involving a knight on a chessboard .
The knight is placed on the empty board and , moving according to the rules of chess , must visit each square exactly once .
When I was a kid , I used to play chess with my older brothers .
Since they were much older than me , I was more or less a " punch bag " , and was losing the matches in ( usually ) a matter of minutes .
I was persistent though ... and saddened by defeat after defeat , I occasionally " escaped " into the solitary game of the Knight 's Tour .
From my local copy of Wikipedia
It was easy to understand , easy to try , but not so easy to accomplish .
And it only required a pen and a piece of paper .
Whenever I managed to complete all 64 squares ( by shear luck ) , I always felt a surge of exhilaration .
Nowadays , I 've more or less abandoned chess ...
But strangely enough , I remembered my childhood refuge once again today , just by seeing some Sudoku puzzle in a magazine ... and decided to take another swing at it .
With much better tools than pen and paper :‑)
Python attacks Knight
import sys g_sqSize = - 1 g_board = [ ] def main ( ) : global g_sqSize if len ( sys .
argv ) != 2 : g_sqSize = 8 else : try : g_sqSize = int ( sys . argv [ 1 ] ) except : print ( " Usage : " + sys . argv [ 0 ] + " < squareSize > " ) sys .
exit ( 1 ) for i in range ( 0 , g_sqSize ) : g_board .
append ( g_sqSize *[ 0 ])
Fill ( 0 , 0 , 1 ) print ( " No solution found " ) def InRangeAndEmpty ( ty , tx ) : return ty >= 0 and tx >= 0 and ty < g_sqSize and tx < g_sqSize \ and g_board [ ty ] [ tx ] == 0 def Fill ( y , x , counter ) : assert g_board [ y ] [ x ] == 0 g_board [ y ] [ x ] = counter if counter == g_sqSize * g_sqSize : PrintBoard ( ) sys .
exit ( 1 ) jumps = ((- 2 , 1 ) , (- 1 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 2 ) , ( 2 , 1 ) , ( 2 ,- 1 ) , ( 1 ,- 2 ) , (- 1 ,- 2 ) , (- 2 ,- 1 ) ) for jump in jumps : ty , tx = y + jump [ 0 ] , x + jump [ 1 ] if InRangeAndEmpty ( ty , tx ) : Fill ( ty , tx , counter + 1 ) g_board [ y ] [ x ] = 0 def PrintBoard ( ) : scale = len ( str ( g_sqSize * g_sqSize ) ) print ( g_sqSize *( " + " + scale * " - " ) + " + " ) for line in g_board : for elem in line : sys .
stdout .
write ( " | % *d " % ( scale , elem ) ) print ( " |
" + g_sqSize *( " + " + scale * " - " ) + " + " ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ()
Fill
I started with this code
The code performs a recursive attempt tothe board .
Starting at the top left corner , it proceeds to identify the empty neighbours , trying each one of them in turn .
This naive approach is functional , but ...
bash $ ./knight1.py 5 +--+--+--+--+--+ | 1|20 |17|12| 3 | +--+--+--+--+--+
| 16|11 | 2 | 7|18 | +--+--+--+--+--+
| 21|24|19 | 4|13 | +--+--+--+--+--+
| 10|15 | 6|23 | 8 | +--+--+--+--+--+
| 25|22 | 9|14 | 5 | +--+--+--+--+--+
... only for small boards .
It solves the 5x5 and 6x6 boards in less than a second , but it takes 96 seconds to solve the 7x7 and 28 seconds to solve the 8x8 ...
I did n't even try with larger board sizes , since it was clear that naive recursion is too slow .
I then proceeded to add some extra intelligence in the recursion , by filling the " lonesome " squares first :
... emptyNeighbours = [ ] jumps = ((- 2 , 1 ) , (- 1 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 2 ) , ( 2 , 1 ) , ( 2 ,- 1 ) , ( 1 ,- 2 ) , (- 1 ,- 2 ) , (- 2 ,- 1 ) ) for jump in jumps : ty , tx = y + jump [ 0 ] , x + jump [ 1 ] if InRangeAndEmpty ( ty , tx ) : emptyNeighbours .
append ( [ ty , tx ] ) for ty , tx in sorted ( emptyNeighbours , key = lambda c : reduce ( lambda x , y : x + y , map ( lambda j : InRangeAndEmpty ( c [ 0 ]+ j [ 0 ] , c [ 1 ]+ j [ 1 ] ) and 1 or 0 , jumps ) ) ) : Fill ( ty , tx , counter + 1 ) ...
lambda
map
jumps
reduce
lambda x , y : return x+y
sorted ( emptyNeighbours )
I know , this code has 3s in 3 successive lines , I 've gone a little too far :‑)
Well , bear with me , what it does is in fact very simple .
It sorts the emptyNeighbours list according to how " lonely " this neighbour is , that is , according to how many empty neighbours he has .
To do that , it usesto apply a lambda to all the elements of : the innermost lambda checks in turn all neighbours to see if ( a ) they are within the board and ( b ) they are empty .
If a neighbour fulfils both , the lambda returns 1 , otherwise it returns 0.is then used to accumulate all 1s ( up to a maximum of 8 ) and return their sum ( via the ) .
Finally , we use this calculation process as the sort key for the call to .
In that way , the neighbouring empty squares that have the least " free space " around them , are used first during the recursion .
Python also offers the sum function to implement the accumulation process , and it also offers list comprehensions to ease up the syntax further :
for ty , tx in sorted ( emptyNeighbours , key = lambda c : sum ( [ InRangeAndEmpty ( c [ 0 ]+ j [ 0 ] , c [ 1 ]+ j [ 1 ] ) and 1 or 0 for j in jumps ] ) ) : Fill ( ty , tx , counter + 1 ) ...
By using this simple policy ( which I clearly remember I was also following when I was a kid ! ) , the solving time became less than 100 milliseconds , for all square sizes up to 31x31 !
Beyond 31x31 , at least on my manually - compiled Python interpreter , the program run out of stack space and required an increase in Python 's recursion limit ( via sys.setrecursionlimit ) .
After that little tweak , the 100x100 problem was solved just as quick :‑)
P.S. Not to be paternalistic , but allow me to suggest writing this sorting code in C ( using qsort ? ) , or in C++ using STL 's sort algorithm .
When you finish , look at the code you wrote , and then look back at the Python code in its final form : 2 lines to implement the sorting !
You 'll have to agree that writing functions just to pass to qsort ( or functors in order to pass to std : : sort ) is ... well , far behind .
Python syntax has tremendous advantages ...
Advantages that have nothing to do with libraries , and can be traced back to the combination of ( a ) functional programming concepts and ( b ) the perfect syntax that Python offers .
I would truly be amazed to see anyone writing the same sorting logic in C++ in anything less than 3 times the lines of code I wrote for it in Python .
And even if this is somehow possible ( using external libraries like BOOST , I 'd wager ) , the sorting code will take longer to write , and it will be far more difficult to comprehend or refactor ...
It took me less than an hour to write this , and I 'm a " casual user " of Python , not a Python expert ...
bash $ ./knight2.py 31 +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
...
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+ | 1|754| 65 | 72 | 3|756 | 77 | 80 | 5 | | 587|478| 13 | 90|341|476| 15 | 92 | 95 | +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+ | 66 | 71 | 2|755 | 76 | 73 | 4|887|762| | 12 | 89|528|477| 14 | 91 | 94|335| 16 | +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| 753 | 64|759 | 74|757|886|761| 78| 81 | | 535|586|479|340|481|342|475| 96| 93 | +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+ ... ... +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| 128|125|414| 49|130|123|410| 47|136 | | 206 | 39 | 172|113|162| 37 | 34|111| 30 | +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
| 415 | 50|129|124|413| 48|131|122|133| | 159|114|161| 38|173|112| 31 | 36 | 33 | +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
... +---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+
Back to index My CV Last update on : Sat Mar 8 22:58:16 2014
The comments on this website require the use of JavaScript .
Perhaps your browser is n't JavaScript capable or the script is not being run for another reason .
If you 're interested in reading the comments or leaving a comment behind please try again with a different browser or from a different connection .
Stem is in for many lighter wines
Gus Clemens
MOST organ donors in Australia are not truly dead when their organs are taken and often transplant procedures do not conform with the law , a leading Melbourne doctor has argued .
However , some experts have labelled the claims misguided and irresponsible and fear the debate will alarm organ donors and the wider community .
Associate Professor James Tibballs , a pediatric intensive care specialist at the Royal Children 's Hospital , has called for a review of organ donation guidelines to ensure donors know that their organs can be taken when they are dying and not yet dead .
In a controversial article , published in the Journal of Law and Medicine this month , Dr Tibballs said clinical practice clashed with the law , which says organs can be taken from a donor when they have either irreversible cessation of all functions of their brain or irreversible cessation of blood circulation .
Dr Tibballs said clinical guidelines commonly used to diagnose brain death could not prove irreversible cessation of all brain function , and that the concept of brain death introduced into Australian law in 1977 was a " convenient fiction " that had allowed the development of organ transplantation .
More Babies for Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban
Australian beautyhas been hitting the media circuit for her new epic film Australia along with her co-star .
Kidman says : " This is a once in a lifetime thing .
I mean , rarely do you get to make a film that you 've dreamed of making since you were little . "
Kidman admits that her mind was racing about thoughts of her daughter Sunday .
This is the first time that Kidman has been away from 4 - month old baby girl Sunday for a 24 hour period .
Nicole and her husband country singer Keith Urban are unsure of what the future will bring as far as children go but they do have hopes of having a bigger family .
Kidman says she is at peace in her life and that acting is not the only thing that she would like to accomplish in life .
" In terms of my future as an actor and stuff , I do n't know , I mean , I 'm in a place in my life where I 've had some great opportunities - but I may just choose to have some more children . "
Check out the trailer of Nicole 's upcoming film Australia here .
In a campaign appearance in Marietta , Ohio , Sarah Palin criticized comments made early this year by Barack Obama -- which surfaced Sunday in an audiotape posted on YouTube -- in which the Democratic presidential candidate discusses how his proposed emissions policy would affect the coal industry .
“ He said that , sure , if the industry wants to build new coal - fired plants , then they can go ahead and try . . . but they can do it only in a way that will bankrupt the coal industry , and he ’s comfortable letting that happen , ” the GOP vice presidential nominee told 4,800 supporters at Marietta College , located not far from Ohio ’s border with West Virginia , a major coal - producing state .
“ You ’ve got to listen to that tape , ” the Alaska governor said .
“ That tape ” is excerpted from a Jan. 17 San Francisco Chronicle editorial board interview with the Illinois senator .
Advertisement
The remarks posted on YouTube include a pledge by Obama to create a cap - and - trade system , under which polluters must buy credits to offset their emissions .
Such an aggressive policy , he said , would spur the development of technology that uses cleaner sources of power .
“ So if somebody wants to build a coal - powered plant , they can ; it ’s just that it will bankrupt them because they ’re going to be charged a huge sum for all that greenhouse gas that ’s being emitted , ” Obama said .
Palin did not mention remarks Obama made elsewhere in the interview about coal ’s role in the nation ’s energy future .
“ But this notion of no coal , I think , is an illusion , ” he said . " . . .
If we set rigorous standards for the allowable emissions , we can allow the market to determine , and technology and entrepreneurs to pursue , what ’s the best approach to take . ”
Advertisement
The Obama campaign called the tape “ wildly edited ” to take the candidate ’s remarks out of context .
“ The point Obama is making is that we need to transition from coal - burning power plants built with old technology to plants built with advanced technologies -- and that is exactly the action that will be incentivized under a cap - and - trade program , ” the campaign said in a statement .
-- Seema Mehta
As a writer with openly progressive opinions living overseas , I would be surprised if my emails and telephone calls to Our Kid – a poli-sci professor who studied in Madrid and wrote her PhD on Spanish terrorism – have not been monitored by the US government .
It ’s been a long - standing joke between us to wave hello to the lonely NSA guy in the basement listening in on our conversations .
But a new ABC report confirms what has long been suspected – it ’s no joke .
NSA officials have intentionally intercepted , listened to and passed around the phone calls of hundreds of innocent U.S. citizens working overseas , including journalists and international aid workers including the International Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders , even when it was definite the calls were not related to anything to do with national security , while the government misled the American public about the scope of its surveillance activities .
But rather than listening for possible connections to suspected terrorists , it seems what really interests those NSA guys with headphones down in the basement is … sex .
According to Adrienne Kinne and David Murfee Faulk , two former military intercept operators who worked at the giant National Security Agency ( NSA ) center in Fort Gordon , Georgia , for years intercept operators listened in on hundreds of phone calls from American soldiers in Baghdad ’s Green Zone as they talked to their spouses , girlfriends , and family about ‘ personal , private things with Americans who are not in any way , shape or form associated with anything to do with terrorism . ’
Intercept operators assigned to a special military program at the NSA 's Back Hall at Fort Gordon would routinely share salacious phone calls that had been recorded , and gossip about it during breaks .
‘
“ Hey , check this out , there 's good phone sex or there 's some pillow talk , pull up this call , it 's really funny , go check it out . ”
It would be some colonel making pillow talk and we would say , “ Wow , this was crazy ” . ’
‘ The American public is led to believe that the NSA is eavesdropping on calls where one party is a member of al Qaeda , but in reality the NSA is monitoring and collecting the personal communications of innocent Americans , ’ said James Bamford , who first interviewed the former intercept officers for his book , ‘ The Shadow Factory , ’ due out next week .
‘ What 's worse , once a telephone number or e-mail address gets picked up , it stays in the system .
Every communication from the number or address is picked up , monitored and stored permanently . ’
Then - NSA director Gen. Michael Hayden , now director of the CIA , testified before Congress , denied that private conversations of Americans are being intercepted .
He was asked by Senator Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) , ‘ Are you just doing this because you just want to pry into people 's lives ? ’
He answered , ‘ No , sir . ’
However , a US intelligence official said ‘ all employees of the US government ’ should expect that their telephone conversations could be monitored as part of an effort to safeguard security and ‘ information assurance . ’
‘ They certainly did n't consent to having interceptions of their telephone sex conversations being passed around like some type of fraternity game , ’ said Jonathon Turley , a constitutional law professor at George Washington University who has testified before Congress on the country 's warrantless surveillance program .
The two intercept operators have independently come forward to blow the whistle , feeling what they were doing was illegal , improper , immoral , and should n't be done .
Both intercept operators said their military commanders rejected questions about listening in to these private conversations .
‘ It was just always , that , you know , your job is not to question .
Your job is to collect and pass on the information . ’
Kinne also resented the waste of time spent listening to innocent Americans instead of looking for the terrorist needle in the haystack , underscoring the failure of the program .
‘ By casting the net so wide and continuing to collect on Americans and aid organizations , it 's almost like they 're making the haystack bigger and it's harder to find that piece of information that might actually be useful to somebody , ’ she said .
‘You 're actually hurting our ability to effectively protect our national security . ’
The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Jay Rockefeller ( D - West Virginia ) , called the allegations ‘ extremely disturbing ’ and said the committee has begun its own examination .
‘ Today 's report is an indictment not only of the Bush administration , but of all of those political leaders , Democratic and Republican , who have been saying that the executive branch can be trusted with surveillance powers that are essentially unchecked , ’ said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nevada ) pledged to revisit the FAA again in 2009 when provisions of the controversial USA Patriot Act are due to expire .
It would seem unlikely , however , that apologies from Senators Pat Roberts ( R - Kansas ) , Jeff Sessions ( R- Alabama ) or John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) would be forthcoming , resorting to the habitual ‘ Give Me Death ’ justification for the Bush domestic spying program .
‘ Over 3,000 Americans have no civil rights because they are no longer with us , ’ Sessions said .
This was echoed by Roberts on his opposition to investigation into the misuses of pre-Iraqi war intelligence .
‘ You really do n't have any civil liberties if you 're dead . ’
Cornyn likewise defended the NSA ’s domestic surveillance program with the statement , ‘ None of your civil liberties matter much after you 're dead . ’
Russ Feingold ( D - Wisconsin ) responded with Patrick Henry 's clarion call , ‘ Give me liberty or give me death . ’
But for some Republicans , it seems it ’s more a case of Give me Liberty or give me … sex .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
UN peacekeeping forces are engaged in heavy fighting against rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo .
The head of the UN mission , Alan Doss , told the BBC that helicopter gunships and armoured units were supporting the Congolese army north of Goma .
The clashes followed reports that hundreds of protesters had attacked the mission 's headquarters , saying the UN was not doing enough to protect them .
At least 20,000 people are reported to be fleeing towards Goma .
The UN is trying to help government forces prevent rebel troops loyal to renegade general Laurent Nkunda from advancing on Goma , capital of North Kivu province .
" We can't allow population centres to be threatened , " Mr Doss said .
" We had to engage . "
The muscular response from the UN shows how serious the rebel advance is , reports BBC World Affairs correspondent Mark Doyle .
Earlier , the UN had said it was considering using helicopter gunships against the rebels , but that government troops were also in the area and could be hit .
Goma threat
News of the UN 's engagement came as it was confirmed the military commander of the UN mission in DRC - Spain 's Lt Gen Vicente Diaz de Villegas y Herreria - had resigned for " personal reasons " after just seven weeks in the job .
The UN said it was working to " ensure continuity of command and to replace General Diaz as quickly as possible " .
In Goma , a UN spokeswoman said that cars were being damaged and windows shattered in the regional capital as protesters attacked the UN base .
Demonstrators are angry that the 17,000 - strong UN force has not better protected them against an offensive by rebel forces .
Over the weekend the rebels , who say they are protecting the area 's Tutsi minority , captured a major army camp at Rumangabo and the headquarters of Virunga national park .
A BBC reporter in eastern DR Congo says the main Kibumba camp for displaced people near Rumangabo has emptied , as people flee towards the city .
Gen Nkunda has threatened to take control of Goma .
The UN accused his soldiers of firing rockets at two UN vehicles on Sunday , injuring several troops .
A spokesman for Gen Nkunda denied the rebels were involved .
His rebels attacked Goma last December .
Hundreds of them died as the UN used helicopters under its mandate to protect civilians .
A peace deal was signed in Goma between the government and various rebel groups at the end of January .
Although he signed the deal , Gen Nkunda has always refused to disarm while Rwandan Hutu rebels still operate in the area .
About 200,000 people fled their homes after fighting resumed in the area in late August .
The United Nations says many refugees are malnourished and some are dying of hunger .
The Cisco DHCP server feature is a full implementation that assigns and manages IP addresses from specified address pools to DHCP clients .
After a DHCP client has booted , the client begins sending packets to its default router .
The IP address of the default router should be on the same subnet as the client .
The DHCP discovery follow four steps :
The client send a DHCPDISCOVER in broadcast to find a DHCP server .
The server sends a DHCPOFFER to the client in unicast .
In this phase the DHCP server sends a proposed configuration to the DHCP client .
The clients sends a DHCPREQUEST in broadcast , if the clients finds the offer agreeable .
Why in broadcast ?
Because the DHCPDISCOVER sended by the client might have reached more than one DHCP server .
The server sends a DHCPACK unicast to the client
If the client detects that the ip is already in use it sends a DHCPDECLINE
If the client receives a DHCPNAK from the server , it restart the process
If there is no conflict with the ip address , the client can ‘ autoconfigure ’ the NIC .
To configure a DHCP server on your cisco router :
Define the IP range that must be excluded from being offered by the router ’s DHCP service : Ciscozine ( config ) # ip dhcp excluded - address [ low ip address ] [ high ip address ]
Define a pool for your DHCP pool configuration : Ciscozine ( config ) # ip dhcp pool [ name of your pool ]
Define the features of your pool : Define the network and subnet that the clients must belong .
Ciscozine ( config - dhcp ) # network [ Network number ]
[ Network mask or prefix length ]
Define the default router for the DHCP client : Ciscozine ( config - dhcp ) # default - router [ ip of your default router ]
( You can configure more than one default gateway ) Define the DNS server used by the DHCP client : Ciscozine ( config - dhcp ) # dns-server [ dns server ip ]
( You can configure more than one dns server )
You could configure others features like domain - name , netbios - name , lease , …
Example of configuration :
! The ip address that could not be used by the dhcp server process ip dhcp excluded - address 172.16.0.1 ip dhcp excluded - address 172.16.0.2 ip dhcp excluded - address 172.16.0.3 !
My dhcp pool named Ciscozine_LAN ip dhcp pool Ciscozine_LAN network 172.16.0.0 255.255.255.0 default - router 172.16.0.253 dns-server 212.216.172.62 208.67.222.222 212.216.112.112
Useful command to verify DHCP Operations are :
show ip binding : DHCP address bindings
show ip conflict : DHCP address conflicts
show ip database : DHCP database agents
show ip server statistics : Miscellaneous DHCP server information
Helpful command for troubleshooting DHCP configurations and operations are :
CNN ’s chief national correspondent , John King , reported Monday afternoon that John McCain ’s campaign has decided Colorado “ is gone , ” and Democrat Barack Obama will likely win the state .
Describing the “ tough decisions ” being made at the “ top of the McCain campaign ” with two weeks to go until the election , King said the Republican ’s team is headed toward adopting a “ risky strategy ” that concedes Colorado , New Mexico and Iowa to Obama while going all in on the chance of winning Pennsylvania , a state where the Democrat has recently led in the polls by double digits .
“ They are making the tough decisions in the McCain camp and they are beginning to look at some states they thought they could win , some states they even thought they had to win , and beginning to think they are drifting away , ” King reported on the cable network Monday afternoon .
He said , “ Most people at the top of the McCain camp ” have conceded “ New Mexico and Iowa are gone , ” and will be carried by Obama .
“ More interestingly , ” King reports , “ most top people inside the McCain campaign now think Colorado is gone , that that is now beyond their reach , Colorado a red state twice for George W. Bush most likely will go Obama , they think at the top of the McCain campaign . ”
Recent polls show a consistent lead for Obama in Colorado , which began early voting on Monday on a swell of new registrations .
“ So they are now finishing with a very risky strategy , ” King said , counting as “ must - wins ” for the McCain campaign , Florida , Nevada , and “ the biggest risk of all ” that the McCain strategists are “ betting on coming back and taking the state of Pennsylvania . ”
King also pointed out this strategy requires wins in Ohio , North Carolina and Virginia — “ states where they are trailing or dead even in polls . ”
According to King , “ as Colorado , Iowa , other states drift away , they think they have to take a big state , ” such as Pennsylvania , which has 21 electoral votes .
Watch King ’s analysis here .
“ We see the race tightening both internally and in public polling , ” said national communications director Jill Hazelbaker in a statement released Monday night by the Colorado office of the McCain campaign .
“ We are within striking distance in the key battleground states we need to win . ”
Hazelbaker did n’t say whether Colorado was still considered a “ key battleground state ” by the McCain campaign .
Wholesale patio set furniture can be a good investment , especially if you manage to find a high quality company .
You can find more about wicker patio set furniture “ http://www.home-decorating-reviews.com/magazine/wicker-rattan-furniture.html”>resources on wicker patio set furniture at his website .
You could be lounging around on designer furniture and having more money to spend on accessorizing too .
What more could you possibly want ?
If you are looking to update your patio but you simply do not have the money to get a whole new patio set of furniture , then why not look into getting wholesale furniture ?
With wholesale wicker patio set furniture you get to save money and make your garden look nice and homely again .
Wicker patio set furniture can really add a little character and many people prefer it for its bright , modern look .
Ensuring That You Purchase Good Quality Patio Set Furniture
Whilst purchasing wholesale patio set furniture is certainly a good idea for your bank balance , it might not always be the best choice .
This is because you want something which is going to look sophisticated and good to look at .
Something so cheap will not always be of good quality and that is why you can purchase it in bulk at wholesale prices .
So always do a little research into the wholesale patio set furniture you are thinking of purchasing .
If you find that all wholesale patio set furniture you see is not overly great , remember that you can still find cheappatio set furniture from ordinary department stores .
If you shop online for example you will find that most stores offer discounts and you can save quite a lot of money potentially .
Also not everyone wants a large amount of patio set furniture so it would be a waste of money anyway if you were buying something for the sake of it .
Can Wholesale Patio Set Furniture Be Good Quality ?
It is possible to find wholesale patio set furniture at a good price and of a high quality .
It is just a lot harder to do .
The great thing about it too is that there are designer sets that you can purchase at wholesale prices and they are usually designed to an extremely high standard .
Wholesale prices allow you to buy more patio set furniture for a cheap price and that does make sense if you think about it .
Many people could benefit from purchasing a whole patio set rather than just one or two pieces .
So if you could benefit from a set of patio set furniture then wholesale may be the way to go .
One of the main advantages of wholesale patio set furniture is that whilst you save money on the actual patio set furniture , it leaves you with money to spend on accessorizing the garden .
You could buy a beautiful water feature or some amazing flowers which will really capture the eye .
Your garden is a sanctuary where you can go and relax and forget about everything .
So by making it as beautiful as possible it will make you a lot happier and you will have a garden that you are truly proud of .
But this year they decided to try to figure out a way to stop this annual event .
They had a secret meeting down on the farm , posting look - outs to keep watch for the farmer
Credit : GETTY
Nose - picking is defined as the act of inserting a finger ( or in some cases an object ) into one 's own nostrils with the aim of removing a piece of dried nasal secretion ... obviously , we all know that .
Nose - picking ( or referring to it ) in public is generally frowned upon and perceived as a disgusting , bad habit .
Despite this , it is a ubiquitous behaviour .
Nose - picking is practised by the majority of individuals - regardless of gender , age and cultural background .
Nose - picking is , bar a few rare exceptions , harmless .
Nose - picking
Few things are more embarrassing than being caught nose - picking .
Despite the fact that nose - picking is in most cases innocuous - the only person that can possibly be affected or harmed by nose - picking is the nose - picker - it commonly finds less acceptance than audible flatulence or eructation ( belching or burping ) , regardless of the socio-cultural environment .
Few systematic surveys have been carried out to characterise nose - picking habits , but the existing studies show that the vast majority - 70 to 90 % of the adult population - has at least once picked their nose , although only a minority would confess if asked directly , and even fewer people would admit they occasionally still do it .
It can be estimated that 10 % of nose - pickers also occasionally practise mucophagy ( ie , the oral consumption of semi - dry mucus ) , but the real number could be significantly higher .
Upon closer inspection , it is possible to classify the phenomenon of ' nose - picking ' in different categories .
Innocent Nose - picking
Nose - picking usually starts at a very early age .
Babies playing around with their little fingers soon discover that they have different orifices in the middle of their faces into which the finger can be inserted .
So , basically the first motivation behind nose - picking is because the nose is there to be explored .
Only a few years later the child will find out that nose - picking is considered to be a bad habit .
Even so , children and adults will occasionally pick their nose out of boredom .
Occasional Nose - picking
There are , however , more - or - less sensible reasons for nose - picking , such as removal of a crust of dried nasal secretion ( pieces of dry nasal secretion are commonly known as ' bogies ' or ' boogers ' , and are sometimes not as dry as assumed ) that might be obstructing the nose , hurting , itching or simply hanging out of the nose giving the person wearing it a disadvantageous appearance .
In fact , it is often more advisable to remove the dried secretion carefully with a ( clean ) finger ( or a finger wrapped in a handkerchief ) than trying to snort it out ; snorting involves high pressures in the nasal chambers and it may injure the nasal septum if not performed properly .
Compulsive Nose - picking
In medical parlance the condition of compulsive nose - picking is called rhinotillexomania , a relatively recent word coined and analogous to trichotillomania , the compulsive desire to pull out one 's hair .
From rhino -' ( Greek meaning ' nose ' ) , tillesthai ( ' to pull , to pick ' ) , an additional exo ( ' out ' ) and mania ( ' obsession ' ) .
Compulsory nose - picking implies that the person doing it does not have full control over the bad habit , like notorious nail - biters suffering from onychophagia .
At the date of writing , however , it is still not clear whether rhinotillexomania can be classified as a pathological or as a psychological disorder .
The difference between those is faint , but in the first case rhinotillexoma is classified as a disease , that would be treated in a hospital , whereas in the second case the patient would be treated by psychologist , in sessions .
Harmful Nose - picking
In some cases nose - picking has been identified as the cause of frequent nose - bleeds .
In very rare cases , nose - picking has been reported to stand behind more serious health problems .
The act of nose - picking taken for itself is harmless , although the picture changes dramatically when :
Picking too hard ( eg , scratching with fingernails )
Picking too deep ( eg , inserting a finger beyond the first joint )
Picking with objects
Picking with contaminated fingers
The last item in this list can be considered the most dangerous factor , as different microbes can become shuttled into the human respiratory system .
Despite this , pathogenic infections related to nose - picking are found to be quite rare .
Help : My Child is Picking His / Her Nose
Nose - picking in young children is a very common phenomenon .
Often parents seek to confront this , but find the problem hard to tackle .
The central advisory guideline is : do n't panic , keep calm and avoid making a big issue out of nose - picking .
A more profound understanding of the problem is gained by addressing the following question : why is my child doing it ?
Itching or Uncomfortable Bogies
Sometimes children are caught picking their nose because they have something , usually boogers , in their nose that they want to remove , but are too lazy or too busy to do it in an appropriate place .
In any case , children usually try to conceal the act of nose - picking and are embarrassed if they notice that they have been spotted .
Raising an eyebrow , or signalling reproval in some other non-verbal form is normally effective enough to get the message across .
Often nose - picking might be a symptomatic behaviour resulting from too dry an atmosphere ( eg , because of air conditioning or excessive heating ) .
In some cases it is advisable to suck or to wipe the snot out before it dries to become a pickable booger .
Boredom
Busy children rarely pick their nose .
At young age ( between three and seven years ) the simplest way to keep your child 's finger out of their nostrils is to give the child something do with their hands .
It is important in this case not to give the nose - picking any special mention .
Making an issue out of nose - picking might cause the problem to escalate , which brings us to the next case .
Catching the Parents ' Attention
Children between five and nine years often use nose - picking as a tool to catch the parents ' attention ( ' Stop it , Brian ! ' ) .
The best way to confront this is to give the child the momentary attention he or she is requesting .
At the same time it is important to avoid referring to the nose - picking in a special way .
Should this be necessary , however , it is important to conceal any irritation .
Mentioning the nose - picking in a casual way should prevent escalation to the next level .
Irritating Parents
Children between seven and ten years discover that nose - picking can be used to provoke or ( preferably ) to embarrass their parents .
An escalation of nose - picking to this point is , however , very rare .
Should this be the case the best way to solve this problem is to keep calm so that the child learns that nose - picking does not efficiently irritate their parents .
If need be , it is advisable to talk about it with the child in private .
Nose - picking usually does not escalate further , for example , to rhinotillexomania .
Nose - picking usually stops being a problem between parents and children older than seven , partly thanks to peer dynamics .
More serious problems associated with nose - picking , like rhinotillexomania or frequent nose bleeding , should , however , be discussed with a physician .
Miscellaneous Stuff and Links
There are many tales and urban - legends associated with nose - picking .
One famous example describes the ancient profession of royal nose - picker in the court of pharaoh Tutankhamun .
Another one interprets ancient cave paintings depicting a person during the act of nose - picking .
Although not proven wrong , these accounts seem to be relatively far fetched - the profession of royal nose - picker would have appeared in other periods of Egyptian history and cavemen certainly had other fish to fry than perpetuating nose - pickers .
It has been reported that some people have developed tools to aid in nose picking .
A well - sorted ENT clinic will not lack in tools to remove objects from a person 's nose .
Nasal mucus , the stuff bogies are made of , is an excellent and very sticky lubricant .
Its function is to coat the inner part of the nose to trap dust and dirt that might be in the air .
Nose - picking is common among primates .
People who catch you picking your nose may say the following :
' Working up there next week ? '
' You 'll get stuck like that . '
' Unhook ! '
' Careful you 'll damage your brain . '
' Cleaning the ballroom ? '
' Mining for soft jade ? '
' Any gold up there ? '
' Give us a wave when you get to the bridge ! '
' Do n't pick me , I 'm not playing !'
' Pick me a winner ! '
' Have you got a miner 's license ? '
Nose - picking , a lowly subject , has often been used in defamatory propaganda - clearly , to invoke the notion that ( place your favourite enemy here ) is a barbarian brute .
A paediatrician 's advice on the subject of nose picking can be found at www.parentkidsright.com
For more information , enter ' Rhinotillexomania ' in the search engine of PubMed .
This is just one small example of why we need a international common language .
In 1975 , the World Health Organization refused :
U$S 148,200 for a better public health service in Bangladesh
U$S 83,000 to fight leprosy in Burma
U$S 26,000 for basic hygiene in Dominican Republic
U$S 0.50 per patient to cure trachoma , which has millions of victims and can cause blindness
and many other requests
Meanwhile , it accepted Chinese and Arabic as working languages increasing the expenses in in translations by U$S 5,000,000 , every year .
Let ’s add a bit of perspective .
The cost of all projects for Africa is U$S 4,200,000 , almost a whole million dollars less that translating for these two new languages .
It is clear that a common simple international language is needed .
Source : Everyone ’s own language by Maire Mullarney , citing an open letter by Claude Piron .
Update 2008 - 11 - 22 : corrected some errors and expanded the article .
I am becoming increasingly frustrated by Common Lisp 's age .
On the one hand , history makes it what it is : Mature , well - documented , thoroughly understood and practical .
On the other , it fails to keep up with current system designs , lacking convenient native support for rich data structures , infrastructure access and parallel programming .
That reminded me of a paper by Richard C. Waters : The Survival of Lisp : Either We Share , Or It Dies ( local copy ) , written in 1994 .
Here are some excerpts :
Unfortunately , the computer world around Lisp is changing so rapidly that considerable effort is required just to maintain links to the outside things that are essential , let alone all the things that are valuable .
If a programming language is little used in a given area , then there will be little reusable software written in that language , and little motivation for new programmers to start using the language in that area , which means that the reusable software in the language that does exist is unlikely to be properly maintained , which leads to even less interest in the language , etc .
In contrast , if there is a critical mass of reusable software written in a given language in a particular area , then lots of programmers will be attracted to using this language in the area , which leads to an increase in the amount of reusable software , which attracts even more users , etc .
... which reminds me that I should probably dust off some code and bring it into a releasable state .
As a result , the team he has announced so far is more impressive than any other in recent memory .
One may not agree with them on everything or even most things , but a few things are indisputably true .
First , these are open - minded individuals who are persuadable by evidence .
Orszag , who will probably be budget director , is trusted by Republicans and Democrats for his honest presentation of the facts .
Second , they are admired professionals .
Conservative legal experts have a high regard for the probable attorney general , Eric Holder , despite the business over the Marc Rich pardon .
Third , they are not excessively partisan .
Obama signaled that he means to live up to his postpartisan rhetoric by letting Joe Lieberman keep his committee chairmanship .
Fourth , they are not ideological .
The economic advisers , Furman and Goolsbee , are moderate and thoughtful Democrats .
Hillary Clinton at State is problematic , mostly because nobody has a role for her husband .
But , as she has demonstrated in the Senate , her foreign - policy views are hardheaded and pragmatic .
( It would be great to see her set of interests complemented by Samantha Power ’s set of interests at the U.N. )
Finally , there are many people on this team with practical creativity .
Any think tanker can come up with broad doctrines , but it is rare to find people who can give the president a list of concrete steps he can do day by day to advance American interests .
Dennis Ross , who advised Obama during the campaign , is the best I ’ve ever seen at this , but Rahm Emanuel also has this capacity , as does Craig and legislative liaison Phil Schiliro .
Believe me , I ’m trying not to join in the vast , heaving O - phoria now sweeping the coastal haute bourgeoisie .
But the personnel decisions have been superb .
The events of the past two weeks should be reassuring to anybody who feared that Obama would veer to the left or would suffer self - inflicted wounds because of his inexperience .
He ’s off to a start that nearly justifies the hype .
Posted on by Richard Bartholomew
The UK’s Channel 4 has just broadcast a documentary about American evangelical dissatisfaction with the Republican Party and increasing support for the Democrats .
Entitled ( rather uninspiredly ) God Bless America , the programme was made by Calvin Skaggs , who was responsible for With God on Our Side : The Rise of the Religious Right in America a few years ago .
Most of the programme dealt with evangelicals who have become attracted to the Democrats : the party now talks about “ values ” , and in Obama had a candidate happy to talk about faith and God and able to evoke the Civil Rights era .
However , there are also other factors : Shaun Casey of Wesley Theological Seminary made the interesting suggestion that the thousands of evangelicals who headed to New Orleans to help out in the wake of Hurricane Katrina returned home “ transformed and angry ” at the failure of the government to assist .
And more generally , as former Bush sppechwriter Michael Gerson concedes , the Religious Right is perceived as “ too narrow and too negative ” for younger evangelicals who are interested in a greater range of issues than abortion and homosexuality – the young evangelicals interviewed in the programme used terms like “ world citizen ” to identify themselves , and they are keen to tackle poverty and other ills ; in particular , there is concern for the environment .
Mega - church pastor Joel Hunter is worried about climate change , and his careful explanation of what ’s at stake is contrasted ( without belabouring the point ) with a lame sneer from Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council that “ you talk about the weather when you have nothing to say ” .
Members of Hunter ’s church admit that they used to see environmentalism as a preserve of hippy “ tree - huggers ” , and that they should have engaged with the issues before now .
We are also introduced to Obama ’s evangelical activists and strategists ( filmed in the run-up to the election ) , such as Mara Vanderslice and Burns Strider , and their “ Matthew 25 Network ” campaigning work – one advert promoted by the Network earned a bitter rebuttal from James Dobson .
Meanwhile , the campaign ’s Director of Religious Affairs , Joshua DuBois , held “ Faith Forums ” to drum up support .
Evangelical supporters of Obama say they support him over McCain because they have “ done the math ” , but at the same time are keen to stress the need to keep civil and to avoid being “ worked up ” to feel hate or bitterness .
At the same time , evangelicals have become less enamoured with the Republican Party .
Richard Cizik of the National Association of Evangelicals complains that evangelicals had been taken advantage of by the Bush administration and treated like a “ cheap date ” , while Tony Perkins despairs at John McCain ’s insistence that his faith is personal and private , and his tendency to talk about topics such as defence rather than values issues .
Marlys Pompa , McCain ’s Outreach Co-ordinator for evangelicals , is forced to trawl through McCain ’s Faith of My Fathers for morsels of spirituality , and a meeting with officials from Liberty University is polite but unenthused .
Only Sarah Palin invigorates the campaign , but on insofar as to bring the base back on board .
At the end of the programme , Perkins seems unsure about the ways in which the Religious Right is to develop , although he ’s confident that it will “ always be there ” .
Filed under : Uncategorized
David Rutledge : Welcome to the program .
This morning we 'll be hearing about a new book for inter - faith educators ; we 'll also be hearing about an ambitious new musical work that 's been composed for the season of Advent .
But first , a story about what you wo n't be seeing on Australian buses over the new year .
SONG : ' It ai n't necessarily so '
David Rutledge : Aretha Franklin with It Ain't Necessarily
So , a song expressing the kind of scepticism towards religious truth claims that you 'd think would be completely uncontroversial in secular Australian society today .
But , that ai n't necessarily so either .
Just ask the Atheist Foundation of Australia , who have been refused permission to buy advertising space on public transport .
You might have read in recent weeks that the British Humanist Association , assisted by crusading atheist Richard Dawkins , have been raising money to put their message on London buses .
The ads , planned for January , will read , ' There 's probably no god , now stop worrying and enjoy your life . '
And in Washington , buses are already trundling around with a Christmas message from the American Humanist Association : ' Why believe in a god ?
Just be good , for goodness ' sake ' .
Well the Atheist Foundation of Australia wants to mount its own campaign , and says that its members and supporters have pledged $ 16,000 to fund advertisements on buses in Australia .
So they 've approached APN Outdoor , the company that manages public transport advertising in most Australian capitals .
According to the Atheist Foundation 's president , David Nicholls , APN Outdoor said that they had problems with the wording of the proposed message .
But then after the Foundation made two sets of changes to the wording , APN Outdoor said they simply were n't able to accommodate them .
David Nicholls spoke to us from his home near Adelaide .
David Nicholls :
It 's very difficult to get atheists to agree to a bus slogan , but we started with ' Atheism , because there is no credible evidence ' .
We put that to the bus companies ; they did n't like that and they said the wording was n't to their acceptance , and then we changed that to ' Celebrate reason ' - and we thought we'd make it a bit comical - ' Sleep in on Sunday mornings ' , but they refused that also .
The end slogan that we 've decided upon is ' Atheism - Celebrate reason ' with a lot of smiley faces , and it's a very positive message .
David Rutledge : You 've approached APN Outdoor , the company that looks after advertising on buses with these slogans one after the other .
Have they given any reason why they do n't like the wording ?
David Nicholls :
It has taken about three weeks to get any sort of answer at all .
The end conversation I had was I asked why we were refused , and my answer to that was ' Well we 'll have to refer this to our legal department ' and the chappie hung up .
Nearly immediately after that , he rang back with a message saying , ' Listen , this is all finished , we 're not putting the signs on ' .
David Rutledge : Can you speculate as to why they might be refusing to run this ?
David Nicholls :
Well it could be just cultural censorship .
As Dawkins said , we 're brought up to believe that religion has some sort of privileged status .
To offer even a mild criticism of it is seen as something very strident , and that 's out of bounds to do that .
The Atheist Foundation is not a religion , we are not criticising religion , we are saying celebrate reason .
So I think that there is a rejection of atheists having their name out there .
David Rutledge :
Are you surprised by that ?
In a country like Australia , one of the most secular societies in the world , that this would happen ?
David Nicholls : I 'm disappointed , but not overly surprised .
Religion has a very great hold on societies , even democratic societies and in fact it has too great a hold in democratic societies .
David Rutledge :
The question about why you 're doing this , as I said , Australia is a very secular society , atheism has raised its profile and you could say its respectability in recent years with very successful books by Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens among others .
Why , in Australia , do you feel the need for a campaign ?
What is it in Australia that you 're concerned about ?
David Nicholls :
In Australia , religion started off having a lot of breaks way back when we were starting our society , and those breaks have continued through : religions are tax exempt , they receive Council breaks , they 're responsible for a $ 100 - million chaplaincy program ; taxpayers are paying for religious schools and ' Celebrate Reason ' is a very appropriate message to be putting forward today .
David Rutledge : I guess atheism is popularly understood in terms of a kind of negative identification , the lack of any belief in God or a higher power .
But one of the problems with organised atheism is that lack of belief in God is n't a great motivating force in getting people to come to meetings , raise money , raise support for each other .
How strong a sense of community do you think there is among Australian atheists ?
David Nicholls :
In some quarters there 's a very strong sense .
But let me take you back .
Atheism is not a lack of belief , atheism just does n't see any evidence .
Atheists see no evidence for any supernatural thing , and that 's the only binding force they really have .
They can have all sorts of views apart from that .
Atheism throughout the world has grown because of the threat that religion poses for humanity .
David Rutledge :
How concerned are you that in this campaign , if it goes forward , that you might be stocking the flames of some sort of conflict ?
David Nicholls : I do n't think that 's even within the realms of possibility .
Any criticism of religion , it does n't matter how mild it is , creates controversy .
Should we stop because of that ?
All we 're asking is even for religious people to use reason and as Bertrand Russell said , if reason shows something to be true , have the courage to accept it .
David Rutledge :
So what 's your next move ?
Now that APN Outdoor have said that they can't accommodate a bus campaign , would you say it 's dead in the water or do you have other options to pursue ?
David Nicholls :
Well there are a few options , there are billboards but APN controls them they have n't got back to us on that .
Any company really has the right to refuse a service to a customer , but in this instance , you have to wonder .
Just consider the proposed wording : Celebrate Reason .
I mean is it vindictive , inflammatory , offensive ?
No , it 's not , it 's none of those , and I really have to ask , why have we been refused ?
It 's not as though they 're opposed to controversy .
In Adelaide I believe , in the recent past , the APN buses had all across the back of a bus or some buses , the message , ' John 3:16 ' which is the most famous Biblical passage ' That God so loved the world that he gave his only son ...'
Now atheists find that offensive , and there 's lots of atheists in Australia , but we would n't prohibit its display .
David Rutledge : David Nicholls , President of the Atheist Foundation of Australia .
And I should mention that we approached APN Outdoor for their response , but that response was an official No Comment .
Well campaigns such as this one and the one in London have raised fears among religious groups that militant atheism is on the rise , fuelled by such figures as Richard Dawkins and his bestselling book ' The God Delusion ' .
But others feel that any vigorous debate about religion is preferable to indifference , and so they welcome the challenge .
One such willing contestant is Greg Clarke , Director of the Macquarie Christian Studies Institute and the Centre for Public Christianity in Sydney .
Greg Clarke :
The problem for those who are interested in talking about religion is often just getting enough air time , so to see that God would be blazoned on the side of buses , even if it a sort of anti-God message , was actually very interesting .
I actually think we must favour freedom of expression wherever we can , as long as it's done with a level of civility that means we actually do engage with the issues , rather than just fighting with each other .
David Rutledge :
In Australia , one of the most secular societies in the world , are you surprised that an atheist message has been ruled out of court for public viewing ?
Greg Clarke : I am a little surprised because I think the public 's up for the discussion .
It probably does indicate that religion and God are a really hot topic at the moment , and so you 've got to be careful .
I actually think they should be a hot topic and if you can stop and contemplate God while a bus rushes past , I mean your day 's all the better for it .
David Rutledge :
Well we hear a lot about the so - called New Atheism , which refers to the success of people like Richard Dawkins , high profile thinkers coming out very strongly against religion .
How concerned are you that there could actually be a movement of atheist activism taking root in Australia ?
Greg Clarke :
It 's as if atheists have looked at what happened say in the Christian religion and seen the people gather together and support each other in their belief system , and that 's a really good thing .
So in a way they 're acknowledging the power of community .
I 'll be really interested to see whether it works , how well these communities hold together and what their priorities are and how they work .
In terms of it being a social threat , the number of people who are atheists is very , very small .
Maybe it 's growing , but in terms of growing strength as a movement , it 's a long way off I think having a major influence .
David Rutledge :
So what should the response of Christians be to this development of atheism , or perhaps what should the response of Christians not be ?
Greg Clarke : I do n't think we should respond to Richard Dawkins in kind , but kindly .
So the first thing is to respond as gently and with as much understanding as possible .
That 's the Christian way .
Secondly , it 's to actually engage your mind and say , ' OK , maybe I have n't thought about these issues for a while .
Why do I believe there 's a God ?
What do I understand the Christian message to be ?
Let 's take that seriously for a while and explore it . '
Christians need to not be afraid of taking seriously the intellectual challenge , but to be careful that this does n't turn into a bunfight , because that does n't edify anyone .
David Rutledge : What about the slogan that the Atheist Foundation of Australia wants to run ?
The one that they 've settled on was ' Atheism : Celebrate Reason ' , what do you think of that ?
Greg Clarke :
Well again , you know , I 'd like to plug in there , ' Christianity : Celebrate Reason ' .
I just think this claim that religion is anti-reason does n't hold up .
I mean the incredibly influential Christian thinkers like Aquinas , Augustine , through Luther , they gave a very high role to reason .
There are people who practice religion in a very irrational way , but the basis of religion can be approached with your mind and does make sense .
David Rutledge : Do n't the rationalists have a point though , and this is something I find really interesting : Dawkins sails pretty close to the wind of saying that Christianity and Christians are crazy , and of course we would n't follow him that far .
But is n't it true that there is a core of irrationality and un-reason at the heart of Christianity ?
And that 's something that you need to hold on to , not to sort of explain away .
Greg Clarke : I do n't think it 's true to say that there 's a core of irrationality there .
Reason is very significant to understanding God , but there 's also the experience of life .
Often Christians who have experienced the love of God , the goodness of God , only talk about that and they sound irrational .
But when the two are married together properly , when the experience of knowing God through Jesus Christ is married to using your brain to understand why it makes sense to believe in God , you get a far more coherent picture of the Christian faith .
David Rutledge :
But you mention there the story of Jesus ' life and the sense that that makes .
That 's exactly the kind of thing I 'm getting at .
I mean you have Paul saying ' We preach Christ crucified , which is foolishness to the Greeks ' , this idea that the story of Jesus , what Jesus did , is something that confounds philosophy ; it does n't make good sense , it flies in the face of good sense .
Greg Clarke : Well I suspect Paul 's point was more that it transcends philosophy , that those who think they 're so smart that they 've put God into their box , the Christian faith transcends that .
Who would have thought that God would come into the world in human form and die on a cross for spiritual purposes ?
It transcends philosophy .
But Paul himself was a great rhetorician and arguer ; I mean he used reason really powerfully to argue his case .
David Rutledge : Back to the Atheist Foundation campaign in Australia .
If they do manage to go ahead , would you expect a response from Christian organisations , and is that something that you would be involved in ?
Greg Clarke : The Centre for Public Christianity sets itself up to promote understanding of Christianity using good scholarship and media , so that 's what we want to do , we want to respond to something like the New Atheism , by saying , ' Well let 's look at the ideas here .
Can we examine them coolly , with cool heads ? '
So you probably wo n't see us putting our posters up on the side of buses or graffitiing the signs or anything like that .
But you will hopefully see and hear all sorts of arguments about the actual ideas behind atheism , whether they work , or whether Christianity provides a better approach to life .
David Rutledge : Greg Clarke , Director of the Centre for Public Christianity .
February next year will see the launch of an important new book for teachers involved in interfaith education .
The work of teaching students about different religious traditions is fraught with sensitivity , especially in schools or universities where students have diverse religious commitments that do n't necessarily sit comfortably together .
Kath Engebretson is Associate Professor in the School of Religious Education at the Australian Catholic University in Melbourne , and she 's the author of ' In Your Shoes : Interfaith Education for Australian Religious Educators ' .
It 's a kind of handbook for teachers that sets out potential problems and looks at ways in which to address them in the classroom .
I spoke to Kath in our Melbourne studio , and asked her how early should students be involved in interfaith studies .
Kath Engebretson :
Well I think it starts really from the very early years of primary school .
Our key starting point is the fact of diversity , and difference among us , and that difference and diversity comes in all sorts of ways .
It comes in the food we eat , for instance , it comes in the various family and ethnic histories that we have , and it comes in the different ways in which people express religious faith .
So that 's really where you start with very young children , just in the fact of diversity , and that diversity is a good thing , something that we can treasure .
And then of course , you will build up from there in helping them to know what some of the major religious traditions are , maybe bringing people into the classroom to talk about their experiences .
In the book I 've argued that for teachers who have Jewish or Muslim or Hindu or Sikh children in their classrooms , that often their parents are very pleased to come to the classroom and to talk about the ways in which they practice their religion in their own home .
David Rutledge :
And then when you get a little older , I guess things get a little bit more difficult , in that if you 're doing interfaith education in high school for example , the first thing you 're going to encounter is a class full of students , many of whom come from religious traditions that say My faith is the only true faith .
Now how big a problem is that , and how do you tackle it ?
Kath Engebretson :
We see a lot less of that among young people now .
It 's now so much exclusivism that 's a problem in our Catholic schools , but a general religious indifference and apathy .
You can deal with exclusivism , and you can challenge that and help students to critique it , but the kind of society we live in now , and this is an affliction for many Christian students , is that religion is kind of irrelevant , and so again it really calls on the passion and the skill of the teacher to work to engage those students .
David Rutledge : You also talk about relativism , and this is a related malaise for you , is this idea that whatever works for you is OK , you know , this is my truth , that 's your truth ; you can't judge other faiths by your own standards .
Now are you saying that this mindset does n't promote good interfaith education , where from another perspective it might look as though that mindset is actually very tolerant and open , and inclusive .
Why is relativism such a bad thing in interfaith education ?
Kath Engebretson : Well I think it 's lazy .
A number of attitudes come from that , and postmodernity says that you can't really judge anything because everything 's culturally and historically bound .
Now when you take that attitude you never really have to do the hard intellectual work of sorting out what 's good and what 's bad .
We need to take a critical attitude towards religions and relativism denies any kind of critical approach .
If it 's OK for you , well that 's OK .
David Rutledge :
You bring the Catholic theologian Hans Kung into the discussion , and his idea that a generous , tolerant inclusivism is the way to go about interfaith education .
What is inclusivism , and what 's the difference between inclusivism and relativism ?
Kath Engebretson : Inclusivism I think means that I can still share in the goodness and truth of your religion , but coming from a committed stance in my own , and knowing what it is that attracts me and keeps me in my own religion , with an openness to learn how I can grow , through engagement with people in other traditions .
So it 's a very far cry from relativism .
David Rutledge : So for Catholic educators , this follows on from Pope John Paul II 's idea that while salvation is from Christ alone , that the grace of Christ can be communicated to people of other faiths , through those other faiths .
Now that 's a very standard Catholic teaching .
Is n't it though , in the inter - faith context , is n't that another way of saying for example to a Muslim , that ' You 're a Christian , even though you do n't know you are ? '
You know , ' the grace that comes through your faith is the grace of Christ ' .
And that 's a very problematic point from which to do interfaith education .
Kath Engebretson : Yes and no .
That is certainly the official Catholic way of seeing it , but that does n't stop us from learning about and seeing the goodness in other religions .
Any committed person has a particular love for their own religion , and will have various ways in which they express that .
Look , Karl Rahner coined this phrase , ' the anonymous Christian ' .
It was really just what you said , that people are kind of Christians and they do n't know it .
I 'm not mad on that idea , I think John Paul II put it much better when he said that ' The grace of Christ comes to people in their own life and circumstances ' .
And so for people who have been brought up in various religious traditions , that the redemptive grace of Christ in some mysterious way , comes through those traditions .
Now if you'd be talking to a Muslim , I think they 'd express a similar idea in a different way .
David Rutledge : Kath Engebretson , author and Associate Professor in Religious Education at the Australian Catholic University in Melbourne .
And her book , ' In Your Shoes : Interfaith Education for Australian Religious Educators ' will be available in February through Connor Court publishing .
MUSIC ' The Creation '
David Rutledge : ' The glorious heavenly hierarchy ' from Haydn 's oratorio ' The Creation ' which was composed at the very end of the 18th century .
Well The Creation is getting a contemporary reinterpretation this weekend in Sydney when St Ives Uniting Church presents the Stations of Creation , a cycle of 15 pieces of music commissioned from 15 Australian composers that celebrates Advent and the miracle of birth .
Doug Purnell is the Minister at St Ives Uniting Church .
Doug Purnell :
There is nothing written about birth as a mysterious celebration , so I wrote a document and we invited 15 composers to come up with the 15 Stations of Creation .
David Rutledge :
And what are some of the Stations of Creation that we 're looking at here ?
Doug Purnell : Look , the first one is just creation itself , Genesis Chapter 1 .
The world is created somehow , how do we acknowledge that ?
The second one is the song .
When you stand in front of an ocean or a mountain , you start to sing , and there 's a song that responds to the creation .
When a person becomes pregnant , is another part , and then there 's a muteness , and that really is something about blokes .
In the face of birth , once conception 's happened , guys lose their voice in a way , which is what happened to Zachariah in the Bible , father of John the Baptist .
The next bit 's the birth moment .
Moving from within the womb out of the womb , the first breath , the first noise , and then there are songs .
Now The Song of the Mother , who rejoices in the birth of this child , and the Song of the Angels , because with the birth of a child almost the whole creation sings .
David Rutledge :
It interests me that you 've gone to composers for this who are not themselves religious .
They do n't have any particular religious interest or affiliation , in the same way that you went to non-religious artists for the Stations of the Cross earlier in the year .
Any particular reason for that ?
Doug Purnell : I think David , that we went to people who had the technical competence as artists , and the imaginative ability to address the questions that we asked .
So often artists , visual and composers have said to me , ' I 'm not religious you know ' .
And then have produced something that 's absolutely extraordinary , and you think , How have they managed to do that ?
And it 's because while they do n't necessarily see themselves as religious which might be a stereotype , they have the extraordinary capacity of an imaginative human being to address religious questions with integrity .
But the thing that 's been anxious for me is the sense that often people 's response to music is deeply emotional , and they like it because they 're familiar with it and they 've heard it lots of times .
Hearing new music is going to be different , and the possibility is that they might n't like it .
But thinking on that , the whole birth process is new , uncertain , discordant , out of phase , loses its rhythm , stuffs your life up , turns you around , and then somehow still you celebrate .
So I 'm imagining that what will happen is that we will hear music that will reflect the birth process , because the creative process is a parallel , as it were , to the birth process .
David Rutledge : Well everybody focuses on Christmas , Christmas Day and Boxing Day for obvious reasons , Advent is not so well known to people unfamiliar with the liturgical cycle .
Is this concert part of a conscious effort to mark advent as something important in itself , and perhaps in danger of being forgotten ?
Doug Purnell : I think Christmas has got just taken over by the dominant culture , by the marketplace so much , that we lose a sense of the awe and the mystery that surrounds the birth of this child whom we call the Son of God .
If at the beginning of Advent , which is this five weeks , is it , before Christmas , the period of preparation , a period of thinking into , of getting ready for , if we can offer to people an experience which says , Slow down , experience something new , reflect on this whole process of birthing and what birthing means for us , and the hope that it offers us , perhaps just a little bit under the surface of the dominant culture in the marketplace , we 'll give people a way to come to Christmas with a fresh appreciation of that mysterious other birth .
David Rutledge :
Well it looks like the marketplace is going to be a little subdued this Christmas , maybe it 's going to give us more room for the awe and the mystery .
Doug Purnell :
Well that would be very nice .
David Rutledge : Doug Purnell , Minister at St Ives Uniting Church in Sydney .
MUSIC
David Rutledge : Well at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music , the ensemble is in rehearsal , and I 'm speaking with Dan Walker , one of the composers involved in the Stations of Creation , and he's also musical co-ordinator of the project .
Dan Walker : I was initially very sceptical about whether or not it would work in that it 's quite a big undertaking to have 15 new works by composers where there really is n't a lot of money to bankroll commission fees for them , and to get a receptive audience to make it work I think is quite difficult .
But Doug was absolutely convinced that it would work , and so we hunted down 15 composers , about 8 or so from Sydney and 7 from Melbourne , and they 've all been working with the one ensemble corps , which is we 've got 4 singers , soprano , alto , tenor , bass , of which I am one ; and then we 've got a flute , a horn , a ' cello and a harp .
So it 's a very eclectic sort of ensemble .
I guess the carrot for these composers in that they 're not getting paid , is that we can actually have enough money to pay performers and also a recording engineer to come in , and so they 've got something at the end of the day to show for it .
And it 's a great opportunity , it 's not very often that you get carte blanche to write whatever you like , you know , with this very strange instrument ensemble .
So I can see the benefits .
David Rutledge :
Have you been concerned with stylistic continuity in this , or does it come across as 15 short pieces ?
Dan Walker : Aah ... I was .
All of the composers write very differently , and you can really see actually the composition or stylistic differences between what the Sydney people are writing and what the Melbourne people are writing .
I think that comes from teachers and the institutions where they 're studying .
I think it 's such a pastiche idea that you could n't worry too much about how the overall structure was going to work .
I think it is so different from piece to piece .
It is quite nice that there 's some very angular and not necessarily immediately accessible pieces scattered through the program , that are interspersed by some more tonal I guess , oral sorbet if you like , which I think is absolutely necessary because the last thing you want to do is sit through an hour and a half of very spiky sort of music .
But we did n't give the composers any brief at all in terms of what stylistically they had to come up with , and I think a lot of them have tried , explored something a little different , because they 've had that opportunity to do so .
MUSIC
David Rutledge : Dan Walker , musical co-ordinator of the Stations of Creation .
And having talked about , let 's hear a quick preview from the rehearsal .
MUSIC
David Rutledge : And the Stations of Creation , a 15 - part Advent cycle , will be performed at St Ives Uniting Church in Sydney this Friday and Saturday evening at 8 pm .
If you 're interested in going along , we 'll have all the details on The Religion Report website .
Thanks this week to Jacinta Patterson and John Diamond .
“ Nobody is asking us to love others more than we love ourselves , ” said the “ poet president ” of Tanzania Julius Nyerere .
“ But those of us who have been lucky enough to receive a good education have a duty also to help to improve the well being of the community to which we belong ; is part of loving ourselves ! ”
Step 1 : Click once a day at TheHungerSite.com .
You ’ll fund the donation of 1.1 cups of food .
While you ’re there , take a look at their equally worthy sister sites .
Step 2 : Play at FreeRice.com .
Study for the GRE , test your English abilities , or simply bone up on your vocabulary .
While you do , your clicks will generate funding for donating free rice to the hungry .
Better yet , share this online game with students you know .
Step 3 : Sign the petition at HelpSweden.org .
This tongue - in - cheek organization turns our concepts of poverty around and asks for a renewed commitment to the Millennium Development Goals .
Read more about what makes HelpSweden a good idea .
Step 4 : Put some of your paycheck into Kiva.org .
You ’ll get your money back and you ’ll have helped somebody to build a business or a home .
Step 5 : Sign up and organize an event to end poverty at StandAgainstPoverty.org .
Read about other great events , get inspired , and then if you want , you can even host your own event and post an update about it on the website .
I ’ve organized similar events .
They ’re really not too difficult and in the end they ’re a lot of fun .
Step 6 : Buy Fair Trade foods and products .
OK , this one might cost a fraction more , but using your keen shopping sense can offset the difference .
Everyone wants a fair deal .
Show the world how it can be done by shopping ethically .
Plus , shop online and save on transportation and time .
Step 7 : Invest with Socially Responsible Investing in mind .
You ’re responsible for what your money does .
Your money can actually help the poor get richer while helping you get richer too .
US - based Calvert and non-US - based Oiko credit are two examples of SRI investment .
Step 8 : Instead of a bank , invest in a credit union .
Well , there ’s at least one bank that ’s doing a good thing .
However , if you have your money in a faceless multinational bank , why not consider a cooperative credit union instead ?
Step 9 : Subscribe to a charity rewards credit card plan .
Charity credit card rewards plans are usually free of annual charges and they might actually make you feel good for a change about charging your purchases .
Step 10 : Make Goodsearch.com your search engine .
Once you do , you can select the poverty - fighting organization of your choice as the target for the donations you ’ll raise whilst surfing the web .
Read More About Poverty and Development Around the Globe
How to improve .NET code by integrating hints for ReSharper
As you already know , ReSharper provides a lot of helpful hints and suggestions for your .NET code .
Additionally , it has features , that allow it to help you leverage your own code .
You just need to add a couple of annotations .
Consider the example below .
As you can see , Resharper has detected that one of the arguments should actually be a string with the name matching “ stream ” and suggested to fix that .
This “ feature ” is implemented by decorating Enforce .
ArgumentNotNull method with the InvokerParameterNameAttribute :
[ DebuggerNonUserCode ] public static TValue ArgumentNotNull < TValue >( TValue value , [ InvokerParameterName ] string argumentName ) where TValue : class { if ( value == null ) { throw new ArgumentNullException ( argumentName ) ; } return value ; }
In order to get InvokerParameterName ( and the other attributes ) into your code , you can either reference JetBrains .
Annotations or copy and paste them into your code :
Alternatively you can reference Lokad .
Shared library that has these annotations , as well as many useful helper methods decorated with them for your convenience .
Here ’s the list of annotations currently supported by JetBrains ReSharper :
StringFormatMethod – method or ctor has format string argument
InvokerParameterName – the argument should be string literal that matches one of the parameters of the caller function
AssertionMethod – marked method could halt execution flow , if the condition is satisfied
Terminates Program – marked method terminates the program
CanBeNull – value of the marked element could be null sometimes , so check for null is needed ( bad practice )
NotNull – value of the marked element could never be null
CannotApplyEqualityOperator– instance of the marked class ( or its inheritors ) can not be compared via the == or != ( null checks are allowed )
BaseTypeRequired – decorated attribute can be applied only to the classes that have the specified base .
PS : I expect R# 4.5 to have way more features that improve coding experience .
Till that happens , there still are R# Live Templates to explore .
Here ’s
R# snippet for getting argument null check with a couple of keystrokes : Enforce.ArgumentNotNull ( $ Argument$ , " $ Argument $ " )
Where $ Argument $ is suggest parameter name of type System .
Object .
I ’ve bound this template to “ eann ” and typing in null checks is like a breeze right now .
The fastest way to do that , he said , is “ to pull the ad and do another one . ”
In this case , however , removing the ad did not make the problem go away  far from it .
Days later , on May 28 , Ms. Malkin published a syndicated column praising Dunkin ’ Donuts for removing the ad and reiterating the contention that Ms. Ray “ posed for one of the company ’s ads in what appeared to be a black - and - white keffiyeh . ”
She added , “ The keffiyeh , for the clueless , is the traditional scarf of Arab men that has come to symbolize murderous Palestinian jihad . ”
It drew hundreds of comments on her blog and elsewhere .

From there , a backlash to the backlash started to take hold .
An item about the controversy had more than 2,300 votes and 830 comments on Digg , a news aggregation site .
A YouTube video , “ Rachael Ray Is a Terrorist , ” poked fun at the situation , with the narrator saying , “ Yes , because when I look at Rachael Ray I think 9/11 . ”
That video drew more than 2,300 comments , and a related story on The Huffington Post had more than 1,200 comments .
“ Often the counterstory can become bigger than the original story , ” said Adam Selig , the chief executive of Visible Technologies , which helps companies handle their reputations online .
“ That ’s something you have to be very careful about in social media . ”
The removal of ads in response to objections is nothing new .
Last year , several suicide - themed ads from General Motors , Washington Mutual and Volkswagen were removed after objections from suicide - prevention groups , and animal rights groups have campaigned against certain “ Got Milk ? ” spots and others .
But for all the headache , has anyone ’s opinion about the companies in question really been influenced ?
“ There are scandals that are worth responding to and there are scandals that are worth ignoring , and I think the Internet amplifies these voices , ” said Eric Hirshberg , the president and chief creative officer of Deutsch L.A. , which created the G.M. spot ( which was returned to television after some revision ) .
“ But this is no different than the retired grandmother who used to write a handwritten letter because she was offended by a video game ad intended for 17 - year - olds . ”
PLEASE NOTE :
This page includes information current as of the November 2008 national elections ; we are maintaining this page for archival purposes .
Our guide for the November 2012 national elections is here .
In order to protect voters from interference and intimidation , state governments have enacted a complex array of election laws that regulate what activities are permitted at polling places on Election Day .
These laws impact your ability to shoot video or take photographs at a polling place , even if your purpose is just to document your own voting experience .
In the vast majority of states , these laws make a distinction between what you can do inside a polling place and what you can do outside a polling place .
The laws are more restrictive when it comes to activities inside and within certain buffer zones around the entrance , which are typically 100 feet from the entrance or interior voting area .
Outside of the polling place and these buffer zones , your ability to document your voting experience is much freer .
Because there is no single , national law regulating polling place activities , it is difficult to generalize about what you can and cannot do on Election Day .
You must consult your state 's law in order to make sure that your proposed activities are legal .
Nevertheless , the following four general guidelines can help you stay within the law while documenting your vote .
Guidelines for Avoiding Legal Trouble
If you want to take photographs or shoot video inside your polling place , you must be cautious to avoid violating the law .
Election laws are serious business – you could be removed from the polling place and even subject to criminal penalties .
Some states like Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Michigan , Nevada , North Carolina , Texas and West Virginia expressly prohibit the use of photographic and recording equipment inside polling places .
In these states , you should respect the law and refrain from doing any recording or photographing inside .
In other states , the election laws are not clear regarding the use of personal photographic and video equipment .
At the bottom of this page we 've created a chart summarizing the law and on our State Law : Documenting Your Vote page you will find additional information and links to resources to help you determine where your state falls on this issue .
If are unsure as to what is permitted , contact your local election officials or ask a poll worker .
2. Be Discreet
Even if you are permitted to take photographs or video inside , you should be discreet and sensitive to the concerns of poll workers and other voters .
The smaller your equipment is , the better .
You are more likely to get permission , and less likely to intimidate other voters , if you use a cell phone camera , rather than a bulky on - the - shoulder video camera or a fancy SLR with a huge telephoto lens .
It will also help if you stick to documenting your own experience rather than documenting the activities of others .
In addition , do n’t linger inside the polling place after you ’ve cast your vote .
Do your civic duty and then proceed out of the building in an orderly fashion .
3. Do n’t Interfere With Voters or Disrupt the Process
Keep in mind that all states prohibit activities that interfere with the voting process or intimidate voters , and poll workers and other voters might see your photographing or videotaping as disruptive or intimidating .
You should never photograph or film someone else ’s ballot or get too close to other voters with your camera .
If a voter objects , stop filming that person immediately .
Do n’t try to interview other voters inside the polling place and avoid any appearance of trying to solicit or influence someone else ’s vote .
Leave your buttons , stickers , hats , and other party paraphernalia at home .
4. Respect the Buffer Zone Outside
You can do more outside of polling places .
Still , there are some things to keep in mind .
Many states have restricted buffer zones , typically 100 feet outside the entrance to the polling place .
In these zones , you generally can’t loiter , interfere with voters , block the entrance , or engage in any campaigning activity .
Although many state laws do not specifically mention filming in these zones , it ’s probably safer to shoot outside of the buffer zone , unless you ’ve confirmed that your state law allows it .
These buffer zones may be marked off with signs or a chalk line .
Or you may be able to determine where the line is by looking for where other people are engaging in electioneering activity freely , or where members of the traditional media or exit pollsters are set up .
Outside the buffer zone , you can film freely , use a larger camera , and interview voters .
You should still be courteous to others and make every effort not to interfere with anyone ’s ability to get to the polls .
When interviewing a voter , first get the voter 's permission .
If possible , get written permission or record verbal permission on video .
Explain to the voter what you intend to do with the video ( such as uploading it to the Internet ) and get their permission to use their name and likeness for that purpose .
To help you better understand these guidelines , we 've created this short video :
State Resources
For specific resources for your state , including a list of election laws , websites , and contact information for election officials in all 50 states and the District of Columbia , see our State Law : Documenting Your Vote page or select one of the links below to go directly to that state 's relevant information .
( Note : this chart is a work - in - progress .
If you have additional information on this topic , please contact us . )
* Nearly all states prohibit conduct that intimidates voters , interferes with their exercise of the right to vote , or disrupts the voting process .
Election officials may take the view that photography or videography runs afoul of these laws .
** " Public display of own marked ballot " refers to the practice of photographing or filming one 's own vote at the time of voting and afterwards displaying the image on a publicly accessible platform like the Internet .
Streaming live video of your own marked ballot may create legal problems in additional states . " ? " means the law is unclear .
Keep in mind that states have these laws to prevent vote buying and coercion , so you should be cautious of publicly posting your ballot .
- Katie Award winner
The 2nd printing has also SOLD OUT .
Thanks for your support and helping The United Way .
has just released a very interesting poster for “ . ”
The image ( below ) is just final product .
To see full poster promotion check out the link : Terminator Salvation Flash Poster
The movie starsand .
“ Terminator Salvation ” will hit the theaters on May 22 , 2009 .
Pfotenhauer can't name Vice President 's duties Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday October 22 , 2008
Print This Email This Sarah Palin 's definition of the role of the Vice President sounds " strange " to MSNBC's Chris Matthews , " and I 've been in this city a long time . "
" Simply put , " said Matthews as he asked McCain spokeswoman Nancy Pfotenhauer to define the duties of the Vice President , " either a person understands the role of the Vice President or they do n't . "
Governor Palin , he suggested , has spent more time shopping for her wardrobe than learning her potential job duties .
" A Vice President has a really great job , " Palin told Denver 's KUSA - TV on Monday , " because not only are they there to support the President 's agenda , they 're like the team member -- the team mate -- to that president .
But also , they 're in charge of the United States Senate , so if they want to , they can really get in there with the senators and make a lot of good policy changes that will make life better ... "
" Obviously the role of the Vice President is to support the President , but also to preside when necessary over the U.S. Senate , " Pfotenhauer said .
" No , that 's not the role of the Vice President , " Matthews countered .
" You 've got it wrong .
I gave you a shot , Nancy .
I want you to try again .
What is the constitutional role of the Vice President in the Constitution ? "
" I 'm not a constitutional scholar , " Pfotenhauer said , " but I 've been reading the commentary on this , and it seems to me that people are parsing words , and [ Palin ] was obviously trying to explain to a young child what the Vice President would do . "
The sole constitutional purpose of the Vice President , Matthews explains , is to replace the President under tragic circumstances or cast a tie - breaking vote in the Senate .
" It has nothing to do with policymaking , nothing to do with Senate leadership on either side of the aisle , " he said .
" There is no policy role there whatever for the Vice President ... The Vice President has a formal role only .
[ Palin ] believes , somehow , that the Vice President of the United States has some kind of commanding policy development role and can lead the U.S. Senate .
Where 'd she get this from ? "
This video is from MSNBC's Hardball , broadcast October 22 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The hunt for the Higgs boson , the most highly sought - after particle in physics , received a boost this month with the release of two new results from the Tevatron particle collider at the US Department of Energy 's Fermilab in Illinois .
Scientists working on the DZero particle detector experiment , including physicists from Imperial College London , have for the first time successfully observed pairs of Z bosons at the Tevatron .
Pair production of these force carrying particles is extremely rare and difficult to detect , and researchers say that having observed them represents a big step towards observing the Higgs boson itself .
Then just a week after spotting the Z boson pairs , DZero scientists , along with colleagues from the CDF collaboration at the Tevatron , were able to rule out the possibility of the Higgs boson having a mass of around 170 GeV / c2 – a value which lies in the mass range scientists believe the Higgs may have .
This is the first time that any experiment in the world has ruled out potential values for the mass of the Higgs boson since the Large Electron - Positron Collider at CERN proved that the Higgs could not have a mass of less than 114GeV / c2 in 2000 .
Dr Gavin Davies from Imperial 's Department of Physics , co-leader of the Higgs hunting group on the DZero experiment , explains : " We now know that the Higgs boson does not have a mass of 170GeV / c2 .
If it did have this mass , then we should have seen evidence for it at the Tevatron by now .
Ruling out possible masses of the Higgs is a very important part of the hunt for this elusive particle . "
The Standard Model of particle physics predicts the existence of a particle , known as the Higgs boson , which gives mass to other particles .
Currently , the mechanism by which particles acquire different mass values is unknown , and finding evidence for the existence of the Higgs boson would solve this fundamental mystery of nature .
The first of the Tevatron results , where pairs of Z bosons were observed , is a big step towards finding the Higgs boson because the pairs ' experimental signature and characteristics are similar to those that would be seen if the Higgs was produced .
In addition , the analysis methods and techniques used to find the Z bosons pairs are similar to those for finding the Higgs too .
So the Tevatron scientists have proven that their observation methods work , and that they are capable of observing very rare processes like those required to produce the Higgs .
Creating the experimental conditions in which the Higgs boson could be observed is extremely difficult .
It requires very powerful particle collisions , and super - sensitive detectors to record the results of the collisions .
To find the pairs of Z bosons , the DZero detector had to search through nearly 200 trillion particle collisions .
Dr Davies says that the results from the Tevatron signal the start of a new exciting phase of Higgs physics : " The observation of the very rare ZZ process is a real stepping stone to the Higgs .
Following this with the first direct Higgs mass exclusion since 2000 is tremendously exciting .
" It shows that the Tevatron experiments are very much in the race for finding the Higgs , " he added .
DZero is an international experiment conducted by around 600 physicists from 90 institutions in 18 different countries .
Currently around 10 Imperial physicists are involved with the experiment , based either full or part time at Fermilab .
This autumn the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) particle accelerator at CERN in Switzerland will be switched on to perform particle collisions at even higher energies than the Tevatron .
Observing the Higgs boson is also a key goal for the detector experiments at CERN .
A large cohort of Imperial physicists are working on the LHC detectors , including Professors Tejinder Virdee and Andrei Golutvin , who are lead scientists on the CMS and LHCb detectors respectively .
Note - As I and Dr. Patricia Doyle , PhD have been warning for 10 years , BSE Mad Cow disease is reasonably common in US beef and dairy cattle .
It is in our food and it is most certainly our pet foods .
This FDA ruling simply confirms what we have been saying .
Until a couple of years ago , the USDA was checking about 23,000 cattle for mad cow out of 32 MILLION slaughtered and eaten each year in the US .
That figure of 23,000 has been dropped by the USDA to only 2,300 per year out of 32 million .
In other words : do n't look ... do n't find .
A number of years back , many veterinarians in the US began to notice that dogs ... and to a lesser degree cats ... were dying too soon .
Many of these animals were tagged with the mystery diagnosis of ' CCD '... for Canine Cognitive Disorder .
Ergo , the feeding of BSE cattle brains , spinal columns and beef in general in pet foods was showing up as full - blown mad cow disease in pets .
The problem has gotten to be so bad now that the FDA has finally been forced to act .
Little consolation for the countless pet owners who have had to watch their pets die tragically .
- Jeff Rense ( NaturalNews ) -- Effective April 23 , 2009 , the FDA has banned a series of cattle products from all animal feed and pet food in attempt to prevent the spread of bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , also known as mad cow disease .
BSE is a fatal , degenerative disease of the brain cause by defective proteins known as prions .
These prions can be acquired by consuming the flesh of infected animals and lead to a similarly fatal human version of the disease , known as variant Creutzfeldt - Jakob Disease .
Federal regulations already prohibit using ruminant protein as part of the feed given to other ruminants .
These measures were instituted in the United States and Canada in 1997 , after a mad cow outbreak in the United Kingdom .
Ruminants are animals that chew their cud , such as cows , sheep and goats .
Other U.S. protections against mad cow disease include a partial ban on slaughtering cattle that cannot stand , which are more likely to be infected with BSE , and a requirement that meatpackers remove the spine and brain from all slaughtered animals .
( Ridiculously ineffective - JR )
These are the body parts most likely to carry mad -cow - causing prions .
( BS ... it has been found is all parts of the infected cows .
- JR )
The new regulations expand these rules in an attempt to keep BSE prions out of any animal feed , out of awareness that ruminant and non-ruminant feed might contaminate each other during the manufacturing or transport processes , or that ruminants might accidentally be given the wrong kind of feed .
Any animal feed will now be prohibited from containing any materials from a BSE - infected animal ; the brain or spinal cord of any cattle aged 30 months or older ; materials from any cattle that are aged 30 months or older , have not had their spinal cords removed and have not been inspected and approved for human consumption ; tallow containing more than 0.15 percent insoluble purities , or that has been derived from any other prohibited materials ; and mechanically separated beef derived from any other prohibited materials .
( More absurd ' regulations ' .
There are so many BSE downer cows killed and processed in the US each year , it 's a joke .
And the joke 's on us , as always .
- JR ) Patricia A. Doyle DVM , PhD Bus Admin , Tropical Agricultural Economics Univ of West Indies Please visit my " Emerging Diseases " message board at : http://www.emergingdisease.org/phpbb/index.php
Also my new website : http://drpdoyle.tripod.com/
Zhan le Devlesa tai sastimasa
Go with God and in Good Health
The taxpayer bill for saving the derivative - gambling casino known as AIG is now up to $ 150 billion .
But do n't worry :
It 's really an " investment . "
AIG has only come around begging with hat in hand twice since its original bailout , so there 's no way it will be back next week asking for , say , another $ 50 billion .
And the total value of that idiot credit insurance the company wrote is just $ 440 billion , so even if it does come back , that 's only another $ 290 billion of taxpayer dollars to go .
As if this latest insult --$ 40 billion of new taxpayer money and relaxing of the orginal debt terms -- were n't enough , what really chaps us about AIG is that the original shareholders still have $ 2 of value per share ( $ 6 billion ) , and the original debtholders are still whole .
Why ?
Why should US taxpayers continue to foot the bill without the shareholders getting wiped out and the debtholders at least getting nicked ?
If the government can't find some other way to dispense with the AIG mess ( such as ripping up the CDS contracts , which were never guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States of Bailout ) , we hope it will at least zero out the equity and take , say , forty cents on the dollar of the debt .
Because another week of that $ 6 billion of remaining shareholder value flashing in our face is more than we can take .
See Also : Black Hole AIG Sucking Down Another Bailout
Tuesday , 21 October 2008 - 9:59 PM
EDT
Name :
" anonymous "
I am shocked and I think it 's unbelievable that no one has heard the WHOLE truth or even really thought hard about this topic ...... What people do n't know is the other side of this story , I actually know that in fact , when Rick posted his profile on meet up there was no photo and very little in his profile .
He did n't even live in the area and never attended one meet - up .
Now as a parent that does NOT discriminate and would welcome fathers to participate in groups and play dates etc .... people have to understand that there can be a huge safety risk .
Our Phone numbers , first and last names as well our addresses can be posted for meet - ups etc .
I am sure Ricks intentions were good when he joined the group , but you have to understand as a mother or a father , when little is known about some of the members particularly men( which is unfortunate ) .
that parents are concerned .
So in all actuality I 'm sure he was asked to leave for that reason .
People also do n't understand what a " Mommy and Me " group is !
Some of the topics discussed at the meet ups are very very personal including topics that deal with your breasts , nipples , gynaecologic , and all the factors that go with birthing etc .
I hope any man that wants to join these groups realizes it is very very personal to women and why some may have concerns about discussing these subjects in front of men .
Of course it is nice to get some male perspectives on parenting etc , but I am not so sure any man could fully understand many of the things a woman 's body goes through first hand !
So in all actuality Rick being asked to leave has nothing to to with discrimination or being narrow minded as the media has everyone believe .
I feel this was done to enhance an untrue story to make for a better read !!!
How unfair !
My heart goes out to the mothers and organizer of this group because I know the intentions were well , especially when this is a non profit support group that is trying to create a better sense of community for new moms .
And in fact if anyone reads the legalities of the Meet Up .com group she was with in every right to refuse this particular member given the circumstance !
Now what would you of thought of any mothers group who would have kept a member which whom you thought suspicious ( male or female ) .
I am sorry we live in a world of perverts and sex predators , but I think this Moms group did the right thing in this case .
When you actually know ALL the facts , then you can make up your mind !
It 's just really very sad to see how everyone made this into something totally untrue ...
Please people , know your facts before you judge !!!!
Fathers were allowed to come to certain meet ups and were encouraged to meet the other dads as well !!!!
The women in this group have the biggest hearts and they were truly in the right place .
They are the real victims here .
How sad !
The paper as as well as anyone exploiting this matter should be ashamed of themselves !!!
Shame on you !
The Bush administration is working to release to General Motors Corp . a portion of the loans Congress approved for the auto industry , according to a person familiar with the matter , a move that could help ease the way for the company 's discussed merger with Chrysler LLC .
GM and Chrysler 's majority owner , Cerberus Capital Management LP , have been negotiating a complex deal in which GM would end up owning its smaller Detroit rival , but the parties have struggled to line up financing .
The combined entity would need about $ 10 ...
From Conservapedia
This article is about fictional locations , landscapes , mountains , rivers etc. from J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle - earth .
Middle - earth regions
Beleriand
Beleriand was a large region in northwestern Middle - earth until the end of the First Age .
Beleriand lay between the sea in the west and south , and the Blue Mountains in the east .
At the end of the First Age , Beleriand was destroyed and covered by the sea .
Eriador
Eriador is a large region in Middle - earth .
Is lies between the Blue Mountains in the west , the Misty Mountains in the east , the Ice-bay of Forochel in the north , and the rivers Glanduin and Greyflood in the south .
In the earlier part of the Third Age much of Eriador was part of the kingdom of Arnor .
Apart from Arnor , other settlements in Eriador were Rivendell , Breeland and the Shire .
Rhovanion
Rhovanion or Wilderland is a large region in Middle - earth .
It lies east of the Misty Mountains and south of the Grey Mountains and the Iron Hills .
The river Anduin flows through it from the Grey Mountains to the Emyn Muil .
A large part of Rhovanion is covered by the forest of Mirkwood .
Rhûn
Rhûn is a large region in Middle - earth .
It is the lands east of Rhovanion and around the inland Sea of Rhûn .
Harad
Harad or Haradwaith is the name for the lands south of Gondor and Mordor .
The haven Umbar was established by the Númenóreans , and was later a central settlement of the Black Númenóreans .
The peoples living in Harad were often under the influence of Sauron , and made war with the western realms .
In the Fourth Age the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor made peace with Harad .
In Harad also lived the elephant - like mûmakil ( or oliphaunts ) .
Middle - earth mountains
Emyn Beraid
The Emyn Beraid or Tower Hills are a series of hills at the western end of Eriador .
Upon them stood three towers , and the tallest , Elostirion , housed a palantír .
Ered Luin
The Ered Luin ( Sindarin : " Blue Mountains " ) , also known as Ered Lindon , are a mountain range in the far west of Eriador .
Until the end of the First Age , the Ered Luin separated Beleriand and Eriador .
In the middle of the mountain range is a gap , creating the Gulf of Lhûn / Lune , where the Grey Havens lie .
Ered Mithrin
The Ered Mithrin ( Sindarin : " Grey Mountains " ) are a mountain range north of Rhovanion .
At its western end the Ered Mithrin meet the northern end of the Misty Mountains , the location of Mount Gundabad .
East of the Ered Mithrin lie the Iron Hills .
Ered Nimrais
The Ered Nimrais ( Sindarin : " Whitehorn Mountains " ) or White Mountains are a mountain range .
It lies between Gondor in the south and Rohan in the north .
In its western part the White Mountains are separated from the Misty Mountains by the Gap of Rohan , near which lies the valley of Helm 's Deep .
Through the Mountains ran the Paths of the Dead .
The easternmost end of the White Mountains is the mountain Mindolluin , on which lies the city of Minas Tirith .
Misty Mountains
The Misty Mountains , or Sindarin Hithaeglir , are a great mountain range running from north to south , forming the barrier between Eriador in the west and Rhovanion in the east .
At the southern end of the Misty Mountains lies Isengard , at the northern end Mount Gundabad .
Under the Misty Mountains lies the ancient Dwarven city Khazad - dûm .
Mount Doom
Mount Doom ( Sindarin : Amon Amarth ) or Orodruin ( Sindarin : " fiery mountain " ) is a volcanic mountain in northeastern Mordor .
Inside the volcano are the Sammath Naur ( or Cracks of Doom ) where Sauron forged the One Ring , and which is the only place it could be destroyed .
Weathertop
Weathertop or Amon Sûl ( Sindarin : " Hill of Wind " ) is a hill in Eriador , the southernmost and highest summit of the Weather Hills .
The Weather Hills lie next to the Great East Road , about halfway between the Shire and Rivendell .
On Weathertop was the Tower of Amon Sûl , a watch - tower built by the Kingdom of Arnor , where one of the palantíri was kept .
In T.A. 1409 the Tower was destroyed , and only ruins were left .
In October T.A. 3018 , Aragorn and the hobbits camped on Weathertop and were attacked by the Ringwraiths ; Frodo Baggins was wounded by a Morgul - blade .
Middle - earth bodies of water
Middle - earth rivers
Anduin
The Anduin ( also Langflood ) is the longest river in Middle - earth .
Its sources are in the Grey Mountains , and it flows through Rhovanion between the Misty Mountains and the forest Mirkwood .
It runs though the Emyn Muil , where it goes through the rapids Sarn Gebir , flows by the Argonath ( also known as the Pillars of the Kings , carved into the likeness of Isildur and Anárion ) on either side of the river , then into the lake Nen Hithoel and over the Falls of Rauros .
After that it flows between the White Mountains and the Mountains of Shadow , before reaching the Sea in a broad river delta Ethir Anduin .
Bruinen
The Bruinen or Loudwater is a river in Eriador .
It began in the Misty Mountains , and flowed south , through the valley of Rivendell , and into the river Mitheithel .
Baranduin
The Baranduin or Brandywine River is a river in Eriador .
Its source is Lake Evendim in northern Eriador , after which it flows south .
It flows through the Shire , and at last into the Sea .
Other Middle - earth locations
Angmar
Angmar was a realm in northern Middle - earth in the Third Age .
It was founded in T.A. 1300 by the Lord of the Nazgûl , the Witch - king of Angmar .
The capital of Angmar was Carn Dûm .
Angmar waged war against Arnor , and later its successors Arthedain , Cardolan and Rhudaur .
In T.A. 1975 , Angmar was defeated at the Battle of Fornost by forces from Gondor , the northern Dúnedain and the Elves of Lindon and Rivendell .
Arnor
Arnor was a human realm in Eriador .
It was founded by Elendil and his people , who had survived the Fall of Númenor towards the end of the Second Age .
The peoples living in Arnor were the descendants of the Númenórean survivors , and the indigenous human peoples who had lived there before .
The capital of Arnor was the city Annúminas on the shores of Lake Evendim in northern Eriador .
Elendil became the first King of Arnor ; after his death , he was followed by his older son Isildur .
After the death of the tenth King , Eärendur , in T.A. 861 , his three sons split Arnor among themselves , creating three new lands : Arthedain and its capital Fornost Erain in the west , Cardolan in the south , and Rhudaur in the north .
With time , all three countries were destroyed in wars against the northern land Angmar .
After the War of the Ring , the land again became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor , ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descendants . [ 1 ]
Breeland
Breeland is a small region in Eriador , which lies around the Breehill .
It has four villages : Bree ( the largest ) , Archet , Combe and Staddle .
The peoples living in the villages of Breeland are Men and Hobbits ; it is the only place where both people live together .
The only other place inhabited by Hobbits is the Shire .
Bree lies at the meeting point of two large roads , the Great East Road and the North - South Road , which made it an important centre of trade and travel .
Erebor
The Lonely Mountain or Sindarin Erebor is a mountain in the northeast of Rhovanion .
When the dwarves had to leave their ancient home Khazad - dûm , it became the new home of Durin 's folk , led by Thráin I , who became King under the Mountain .
In T.A. 2770 Erebor was attacked by the dragon Smaug , who took it as his home , forcing the surviving dwarves to flee again .
In T.A. 2941 , as told in The Hobbit , the dragon Smaug was slain .
The dwarves returned to the Lonely Mountain , ruled by the new King under the Mountain Dáin II Ironfoot .
Esgaroth
Esgaroth or Lake - town is a town in the northeast of Rhovanion , built at the Long Lake , south of the Lonely Mountain and east of Mirkwood .
It was destroyed by the dragon Smaug , but was rebuilt .
Fangorn
Fangorn or Fangorn Forest is a large forest on the eastern side of the southern end of the Misty Mountains .
Fangorn is the only known home of the Ents , a people of giant tree - like beings .
The Sindarin " Fangorn " translates to " Beardtree " , and is also the Sindarin name of the Ent Treebeard .
Gap of Rohan
The Gap of Rohan , formerly known as the Gap of Calenardhon , is the opening between the mountain ranges of the Misty Mountains to the north and the White Mountains to the south .
Across the Gap flowed the river Isen .
On each side of the Gap lay a fortress , Isengard to the north and the Hornburg to the south .
The Gap lay west of the land of Rohan , formerly Calenardhon , after which the Gap was named .
Gondor
For a more detailed treatment , see Gondor .
Great East Road
The Great East Road or Dwarf Road is an ancient Dwarven road , which ran from western Beleriand , over the Ered Luin , through the Shire , to the Misty Mountains , and to the Dwarven lands in the east .
Mirkwood
Mirkwood was a large forest in Rhovanion .
Originally it was known as Greenwood the Great ( Sindarin : Eryn Galen ) .
In the Second Age an Elven people settled in the Greenwood , founding the Woodland Realm , with its capital on the hill Amon Lanc .
After the end of the Second Age , the Elves retreated further north .
In the 11th century of the Third Age , Sauron established himself in the hill - fortress of Dol Guldur on Amon Lanc in the south of the forest .
His evil influence darkened the woods , although it lessened towards the north ; afterwards the forest became known as Mirkwood .
After the War of the Ring the forest was cleared of Sauron 's influence and became known as Eryn Lasgalen ( Sindarin : " Wood of Greenleaves " ) .
Helm 's Deep
Helm 's Deep was a deep valley on the north side of the western part of the White Mountains , south to the Gap of Rohan .
The valley was blocked by a natural series of hills called Helm 's Dike .
Behind this lay the fortress Hornburg .
At the end of the valley lies the entrance to the Glittering Caves .
Isengard
Isengard , Sindarin Angrenost , is a fortress at the southern end of the Misty Mountains .
It is a small valley inside a ring - shaped wall , the Ring of Isengard , and in its middle stands the tall black tower Orthanc .
Isengard was built in the Second Age by the people of Gondor .
In the 28th century of the Third Age , Isengard was given to Saruman by Steward Beren of Gondor .
In the War of the Ring the Ents destroyed the ring - wall .
After the War , the tower Orthanc was given back to King Elessar and the Reunited Kingdom .
Khazad-dûm
Khazad - dûm was a great underground city and the ancient home of Durin 's Dwarves under the Misty Mountains .
Other names of Khazad - dûm , Khuzdûl for the Dwarrowdelf , include Sindarin Hadhodrond , Casarrondo by the Noldor , and Westron Phurunargian .
Later in the Third Age it became known as Moria .
Khazad - dûm was founded by Durin the Deathless a long time ago in First Age , before the Sun and Moon .
Its mines were the only place in Middle - earth where the precious metal mithril could be found , making the dwarves wealthy and prosperous .
In 1980 of the Third Age , the dwarves woke a Balrog deep in the mines of Khazad - dûm .
The Balrog killed King Durin VI , earning it the name " Durin 's Bane " , and Khazad - dûm was deserted .
The survivors of Durin 's folk found a new home in Erebor , and some other places .
Khazad - dûm became afterwards known as Moria , which is Sindarin for " black pit " .
In the years 2989 - 2994 T.A. , the Dwarves try to re-establish a colony in Moria led by Balin , which fails when all are killed by Orcs . [ 2 ]
Lindon
Lindon is an Elven realm between the Sea and the Blue Mountains .
The Gulf of Lune divides it into Forlindon ( " North Lindon " ) and Harlindon ( " South Lindon " ) .
In Lindon were also the Elven port Mithlond , or the " Grey Havens " .
Lothlórien
Lothlórien was an Elven realm .
It lay east of the Misty Mountains , on the land between the Anduin and Silverlode , close to the Dwarven realm Khazad - dûm .
Lothlórien was founded in the Second Age , and Amdír became its first King .
The elves of Lothlórien fought in the War of the Last Alliance against Sauron .
In the war Amdír was killed , succeeded as King by his son Amroth , who later left Lothlórien .
Since then until the end of the Third Age it was ruled by Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel .
Caras Galadhon was the main city of Lothlórien .
Other names of Lothlórien are the shortened form Lórien , and the names Laurelindórenan , Rohirric Dwimordene , or The Golden Wood .
Mordor
For a more detailed treatment , see Mordor .
North - South Road
The North - South Road was a long road running from the realm of Arnor in the north to Gondor in the south .
The road began in the city Fornost Erain , the capital of Arthedain , crossed the Great East Road at Bree , and ran further to the southern end of the Misty Mountains .
There the road turned east , towards the city Minas Anor , across Osgiliath , and ended at Minas Ithil .
A part of the road south of Bree is also known as the Greenway .
Rivendell
Rivendell or Sindarin Imladris was an elven residence in eastern Eriador .
It was founded in 1697 of the Second Age by Elrond , who ruled it as Lord and Master of Imladris until the end of the Third Age .
Many Dúnedain heirs were raised in Rivendell , among them Aragorn .
Rohan
Rohan was a human realm in the Third Age which lay north of the White Mountains , southeast of Isengard and southwest of the Emyn Muil .
Its capital was Edoras , where stood Meduseld , the Golden Hall of the King .
Originally the land was a part of Gondor , and named Calenardhon .
In 2509 T.A. the Rohirrim came from the north , and helped Gondor fight against a combined invasion of Men from the north - east and Orcs from Mordor .
The Rohirrim helped Gondor win the Battle of the Field of Celebrant and the war .
As a reward , Steward Cirion of Gondor gave the land Calenardhon to the Rohirrim , and the King of the Rohirrim , Eorl the Young , swore the Oath of Eorl : that Rohan would come and help Gondor whenever needed .
Afterwards , the people of the Rohirrim moved into their new land , which they named the Riddermark or just The Mark .
Gondor called the land Rohan ( Sindarin : " Land of the Horse - lords " ) , and its people Rohirrim ( Sindarin : " People of the Horse - lords " ) . [ 3 ]
The Shire
The Shire is a land in Eriador , inhabited by Hobbits .
The Shire was settled by the Hobbits in the 24th century of the Third Age .
It is divided into four Farthings : the North- , West - , South - and Eastfarthing .
Hobbits were an independent , orderly people .
It would be hard to say that they had any government at all .
Among the Shire 's most influential residents of the Shire were the Mayor of Michel Delving , the Thain from Tuckborough and the Master of Buckland .
The Shire was invaded by Saruman ( called " Sharkey " ) , and the Hobbits were beset by " gatherers " and " sharers " - indicative of Socialism or Communism , although Tolkien disclaimed any allegorical aspects .
References
↑ J. R. R. Tolkien , The Lord of the Rings , Appendix A , I The Númenorean Kings , iii Eriador , Arnor , and the Heirs of Isildur ↑ J. R. R. Tolkien , The Lord of the Rings , Appendix A , III Durin 's Folk ↑ J. R. R. Tolkien , The Lord of the Rings , Appendix A , II The House of Eorl
I am a Perl hacker .
I have written parts of the core , created CPAN modules and written tons of perl code .
In fact I am addicted to it ; or rather , CPAN .
I have been wanting to play around with Google App Engine , but I have n’t had time to get up to speed in Python .
Today at OSCON I met up with Brad Fitzpatrick , who told me he had permission from Google to talk about and work on a Perl on App Engine project .
He makes it clear that ,
I ’m happy to announce that the Google App Engine team has given me permission to talk about a 20 % project inside Google to to add Perl support to App Engine .
To be clear : I ’m not a member of the App Engine team and the App Engine team is not promising to add Perl support .
They ’re just saying that I ( along with other Perl hackers here at Google ) are now allowed to work on this 20 % project of ours out in the open where other Perl hackers can help us out , should you be so inclined .
The plan is to harden Perl ( one layer of defense in App Engine ’s hardened environment ) ; implement Protocol Buffers and stubs of the backend services , so people can write App Engine applications on their local servers .
There is more information at Brad ’s LiveJournal , as well as the the Perl - AppEngine project .
Capturing the creative spirit here at OSCON , Brad and I hacked together a new module that emulates a protected environment , Sys : : Protect ( generally good idea for any web application ) .
By James Suggett
Venezuelan government officials rejected the US government 's renewed placement of Venezuela on a list of principal countries where illegal drugs are transported or produced , calling it a political maneuver meant to weaken the Venezuelan and Bolivian governments at a time when both are confronting potential coup d'états waged by domestic opposition groups .
A press release from the White House on Tuesday named 20 countries which " failed demonstrably " over the past year to comply with international drug control agreements .
" They are trying to de-legitimize and discredit the governments which are not in agreement with them , " said the former Venezuelan Ambassador to the United States , Bernardo Alvarez .
" It is an absurd policy that , instead of resolving the problem of drugs in the world , increases it , " said Alvarez .
Alvarez left the US last week after Venezuela expelled US Ambassador in Venezuela , Patrick Duddy , for suspected involvement in coup plots in Bolivia and Venezuela .
Bolivia also expelled US Ambassador Philip Goldberg from its country last week on suspicion that Goldberg was helping to coordinate the violent destabilization campaign underway in eastern Bolivia .
Bolivia was the only country the US added to its list this year .
Venezuela has been on the list since 2005 , the year it cut off relations with the US Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) on suspicion that DEA agents were spying .
Although the US government authorizes itself to deny aid to countries it places on the list , Tuesday 's press release assured that aid to Venezuela and Bolivia will continue , because " support for programs to aid Venezuela 's democratic institutions and continued support for bilateral programs in Bolivia are vital to the national interests of the United States . "
The press release did not specify the destination of funds to be sent to Bolivia and Venezuela .
In past years , the US congress - funded National Endowment for Democracy and the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) organizations that supported the coup against President Chávez in April 2002 .
David Johnson , Assistant US Secretary of State for the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement , denied that the list reflected ulterior political motives and told reporters that adding Bolivia to the list " was not a hasty decision . "
The director of the Venezuelan National Anti-Drug Office ( ONA ) , Nestor Reverol , said the list violates the United Nations Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States , which was passed by the UN General Assemly in 1974 .
Article 32 of the Charter establishes that states do not have the right to employ economic measures which coerce another state to subordinate its sovereign rights , Reverol pointed out .
The Venezuelan Minister of the Interior and Justice , Tarek El - Aissami ( pictured ) , who recently replaced former Minister Ramon Rodriguez Chacin , called the list a " weapon of domination . "
" We are a country with clear policies based on the principle of co-responsibility with other countries , " said El - Aissami in a press conference .
He said Venezuela is willing to share its experiences in anti-drug trafficking techniques , but " we are not going to permit the United States to impose on us policies that are not precisely for the fight against drug trafficking . "
Cocaine seizures in Venezuela increased during the first five years of the administration of President Hugo Chávez , and have decreased since 2005 .
Venezuelan officials say the decrease reflects a drop in the quantity of drugs passing through Venezuela , while the US holds that drug transport through Venezuela has increased .
Bolivian Government Minister Alfredo Rada commented Tuesday , " This anachronistic , unilateral mechanism of certification , which does not correspond to the times in which Latin America is living , is an ineffective measure . "
Bolivian President Evo Morales supports the cultivation of the coca leaf , which can be processed into cocaine , for traditional , legal use , recognizing the crop 's cultural and economic importance for Bolivia 's majority indigenous peasant population .
Morales also cited government intelligence reports this week that show that the separatist governor in the wealthy eastern province of Pando hired drug traffickers and paramilitary troops to carry out the recent massacre of 16 indigenous peasants as part of a campaign to destabilize the federal government that began last month .
Other countries that appeared on the US 's list on Tuesday were Afghanistan , the Bahamas , Brazil , Burma , Colombia , Dominican Republic , Ecuador , Guatemala , Haiti , India , Jamaica , Laos , Mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , Panama , Paraguay , and Peru .
James Suggett writes for Venezuela Analysis .
On Friday November 14th , the Post Election Audit Review was carried out in 53 ( 1.297 % ) precincts across the state .
The audit recounted 54,036 ( 1.872 % )
Senate votes statewide and included voter intent into some determinations .
Throughout the entire process 106 votes were corrected and Franken accumulated 2 additional votes .
The table below depicts the results of this audit for each precinct in which it was conducted .
The error rate measures the number of corrections relative to the total number of votes in each precinct .
Votes for Dean Barkley and other Senate candidates were included in the math , but are not depicted due to space limitations .
County Precinct Total Changes Franken Net Gain Coleman Franken Total Error % Anoka Coon Rapids W3 P - 2 2 - 2 874 811 2026 0.10 % Anoka Lino Lakes P - 4 1 0 1177 548 2019 0.05 % Becker Detorit Lakes W3 P- 1 1 1 770 475 1414 0.07 % Benton Minden TWP P2 0 0 2 2 4 0.00 % Benton Sauk Rapids P - 3 1 0 749 502 1564 0.06 % Benton Sauk Rapids P - 4 1 1 503 417 1154 0.09 % Brown Cottonwood TWP 1 1 200 149 478 0.21 % Carver Chaska W4 3 1 1426 790 2645 0.11 % Chippewa Clara City 1 0 304 232 683 0.15 % Chippewa Montevideo P - 1 1 -1 432 519 1202 0.08 % Cottonwood Windom W - 1 P - 2 1 -1 320 281 707 0.14 % Dakota South St. Paul P4 W2 1 1 516 802 1608 0.06 % Fairbault Blue Earth W - 2 1 1 314 212 636 0.16 % Hennepin Bloomington W1 P15 1 -1 606 546 1349 0.07 % Hennepin Maple Grove P -18 2 2 1074 438 1723 0.12 % Hennepin Minneapolis W7 P9 3 -1 304 876 1327 0.23 % Hennepin Minneapolis W9 P4 1 1 111 654 848 0.12 % Hennepin Plymouth W4 P22 2 -1 835 487 1517 0.13 % Hennepin Plymouth W4 P25 2 2 785 759 1853 0.11 % Itasca Greenway TWP P- 3 1 - 2 112 218 382 0.26 % Kanabec Ann Lake TWP 1 0 87 98 232 0.43 % Koochiching Scarlett Precinct 1 -1 31 28 65 1.54 % Lac Qui Parle Maxwell TWP 1 -1 39 36 93 1.08 % Lake of the Woods 5 - A Unorg 1 1 157 114 324 0.31 % Marshall McCrea TWP 1 -1 87 37 146 0.68 % Mille Lacs South Harbor TWP 1 0 202 182 455 0.22 % Morrison Little Falls TWP 1 -1 483 296 936 0.11 % Otter Tail Dunn TWP 1 1 351 212 631 0.16 % Pipestone Jasper 2 0 100 109 234 0.85 % Polk Fosston City 1 1 363 276 733 0.14 % Ramsey Roseville P - 2 4 - 2 924 1110 2399 0.17 % Ramsey St. Paul W3 P5 2 - 2 782 1060 2129 0.09 % Ramsey St. Paul W3 P13 1 1 447 1341 2023 0.05 % Ramsey St. Paul W6 P5 3 3 226 678 1055 0.28 % Redwood Redwood Falls W3 0 0 358 310 860 0.00 % Renville Franklin 1 -1 81 100 243 0.41 % Rock Beaver Creek TWP 2 -2 130 66 210 0.95 % St. Louis Babbit 28 - 2 299 471 905 3.09 % St. Louis Eveleth P6 11 5 61 214 310 3.55 % Scott Prior Lake P5 2 1 1110 488 1824 0.11 % Scott Savage P - 2 1 1 1031 870 2332 0.04 % Sherburne Clear Lake TWP 1 1 555 297 1079 0.09 % Sherburne Elk River W2 P2B 1 -2 961 464 1746 0.06 % Stearns Fair Haven TWP 2 0 354 236 830 0.24 % Steele Merton TWP 1 0 87 53 222 0.45 % Stevens Swan Lake TWP 2 2 95 36 149 1.34 % Swift Swenoda TWP 0 0 25 25 72 0.00 % Traverse Wheaton P2 1 1 151 165 403 0.25 % Waseca New Richland City 1 0 221 222 573 0.17 % Washington Cottage Grove P3 1 - 2 651 790 1774 0.06 % Washington Cottage Grove P5 1 1 644 644 1539 0.06 % Winona Lewiston 1 -1 345 340 829 0.12 % Wright Buffalo P1 1 -1 744 509 1542 0.06 % Total 106 2 23596 21595 54036 Avg : 0.37 %
Based upon the random sample , Norm Coleman won 33 ( 62.26 % ) precincts , while Franken won the other 20 .
This ratio slightly exaggerates support for Norm Coleman ; using the complete sample of 4,130 precincts , Coleman wins just 60.46 % of all statewide precincts .
If the result from the audit sample is extrapolated out into the remaining precincts , where Franken accrues 2 votes for every 53 precincts , the Democratic challenger should pick up 156 votes through the recount process .
If an adjusted ratio is used , which reflects the statewide precinct ratio , Franken gains approximately 5 votes in addition to the aforementioned 156 .
Another item to consider is the high error rate in St. Louis County .
St. Louis County is the largest county in Minnesota , and is located in the upper right portion of the state :
Using the information presented in the above image ( click on the image for a more thorough explanation ) St. Louis County may hold the key to a Franken comeback .
Noting the results of the Audit , where Franken accrued 3 votes in just five ( three are not depicted in the table because there was no change ) precincts from St. Louis County , Franken could gain 120 votes if the aforementioned trend continues in all 232 precincts of St. Louis County .
Bei Hu
Bloomberg
September 24 , 2008
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ’s $ 700 billion plan to buy devalued assets from financial companies is “ a joke ” because it does n’t go far enough to calm markets , said Kenichi Ohmae , president of Business Breakthrough Inc .
Ohmae , nicknamed “ Mr. Strategy ” during his 23 years as a McKinsey & Co. partner , called for a $ 5 trillion “ international facility ” to be made available to financial institutions .
The system could be modeled on one used by Sweden during its banking crisis in the early 1990s , he said .
“ This is a liquidity crisis , ” Ohmae said at an investor forum hosted by CLSA Asia - Pacific Markets , the regional broking arm of Credit Agricole SA , in Hong Kong yesterday .
“ The liquidity has to be so big that people wo n’t get panicky . ”
Paulson ’s proposal to remove hard - to - sell assets clogging the financial system marks the broadest intervention since at least the Great Depression .
Asian stocks fell today , following U.S. shares lower as investors questioned whether the effort is enough to prevent a recession .
The plan came after the collapse of 158 - year - old Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and the government takeover of insurer American International Group Inc. caused financial markets to seize up last week .
The calamity was the culmination of a year during which the U.S. housing market slump left banks and securities firms with more than $ 520 billion of asset writedowns and credit losses .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A reader writes :
Good God !
I watched that video of Palin at her church through twice .
The Assemblies of God are Pentecostals , of course , the real " holy rollers " -- ecstatic experience of the Godhead in your own body , rolling in the aisles , talking in tongues .
When I got some exposure to them , they were extremely conservative and strict ( no dancing , no lipstick , no short skirts ) but Palin is evidence of how they 've mainstreamed themselves .
I wonder if the average reader would hear the references she makes and understand them ?
Master 's commissions -- this is a program they run to evangelize non-believers , in Alaska especially native Americans .
Notice that our foreign and defense policy is simply God - given - not to be weighed , studied , deliberated , only to be implemented as we 're taught by our betters .
And notice that her political program - build a sports complex , a pipeline , change a tax bill , all likewise simply becomes a matter of religion .
For twenty years the most hardcore Christianists have been held in the background .
Now one of them is the vice presidential nominee next to a man who 's 72 and a repeated cancer survivor .
This is mortifying .
How could John McCain do this to our country !
One unpublicized feature introduced by Apple 's latest iPhone software updates is the ability to save Web apps to the home screen and have them launch in full - screen mode without the Safari wrapper , essentially mimicking the experience of a native app .
Clancy , an AppleInsider reader who brought the matter to our attention , believes the undocumented feature arrived as part of the most recent iPhone Software 2.1 update .
He notes that the capability is only present in Web applications specifically authored to include the full - screen code .
To illustrate the feature , he 's created a demo application for iPhone users to try out .
In order to trigger the full - screen mode , follow these steps :
Load the demo app in Safari on your iPhone
Hit the " + " button at the base of the Safari app
Select " Add to Home Screen "
Save the App to the Home Screen
Tap the icon that was just saved to your Home Screen
The demo App should load in full screen without the Safari wrapper .
Once the app is loaded in full - screen , it behaves just like a native app acquired from the App Store , though it may perform slightly slower as all the resources and interface elements are being downloaded in real - time over the Internet .
You can even pull the interface down ( screenshot , below ) like a native app without the Safari interface coming into play .
Saving a Web app to the Home Screen
Steps to prep a Web app to launch as a full - screen app .
Launching a Web app in full - screen mode
The company John McCain has hired to make all these sleazy robocalls appears to be the same company that made what McCain called “ hate calls ” against him in 2000 .
Has John McCain completely lost his mind or is he just confused again ?
Tax cuts and less regulation ?
Did n’t he tell us he was going to change his 26 year record in Washington and support better regulations or was that only for the TV cameras last week ?
Which is it going to be ?
Regulations or no regulations ?
I would say less , but hell , they ’re hardly there so how much more can you cut and why would you want less ?
Nobody dislikes this bailout more than I do , but let ’s be serious , something has to be done and McCain ’s plan is about as far out as they come .
It ’s worse than far it , it ’s what helped usher in this disaster in the first place .
McCain sounds like Mr Whiner himself , Phil Gramm , when he promotes such a bizarre proposal .
If McCain had insisted on taxpayers receiving their fair share of any upside at the end of this crisis , sure , that would make sense .
But more handouts and a banking lobbyists dream list ?
Wow , that ’s just nuts .
Now more than ever , we need a debate .
McCain needs to defend his craziness and tell Americans why and how more tax cuts and less regulation ( as he has been suggesting all along , except for last week ) is going to help our current economic crisis .
Although tens of millions of Windows PC users have seen these irritating programs that purport to warn against malware infections , there are few details about the operators who develop and distribute the software , known as scareware .
Financial details of the operation came to light recently after information posted by a computer hacker identifying himself as NeoN was discovered on a Russian electronic bulletin board by an American computer security researcher .
The researcher , Joe Stewart , who is director of malware research at SecureWorks of Atlanta , has tried to understand the nature of the fake antivirus software and the way it is sold through a second tier of “ bot - herders , ” people who redistribute the program through illegal “ botnets ” or networks of Internet - connected PCs .
The scheme was partially revealed , Mr. Stewart said , after NeoN broke into one of the computers used by Bakasoftware for accounting .
Mr. Stewart believes the hacker posted the results of just one week ’s operations .
Mr. Stewart also discovered that when the Bakasoftware program starts , it checks the language of the computer user based on information contained in the Windows operating system .
If it finds the personal computer of a Russian language speaker , the program terminates .
We ’re all Doomed
I ’m normally not one to drink the crazy cool - aid and claim that all of our civil liberties are at stake , or that we ’re entering a police state , or that the world is coming to an end , but I was sent the following image via email this morning .
I ’ve put up a simple side - by - side comparison for you , and I think you can plainly see that we ’re well and truly fucked .
Yes , the combine are now riot police , and they ’re coming to a town near you .
Even the poor sod on the ground looks like one of those emotionally neutered humans from HL 2 wearing the drab clothing .
If I did n’t know better , I ’d swear this is elaborate cosplay .
The CVD diamond in the centre has not been annealed , the ones to the left and right have ( Image : Hemley / PNAS )
Diamonds are a girl ’s best friend , they say – and soon they could be every girl ’s best friend .
A team in the US has brought the world one step closer to cheap , mass - produced , perfect diamonds .
The improvement also means there is no theoretical limit on the size of diamonds that can be grown in the lab .
A team led by Russell Hemley , of the Carnegie Institute of Washington , makes diamonds by chemical vapour deposition ( CVD ) , where carbon atoms in a gas are deposited on a surface to produce diamond crystals .
Advertisement
The CVD process produces rapid diamond growth , but impurities from the gas are absorbed and the diamonds take on a brownish tint .
These defects can be purged by a costly high - pressure , high - temperature treatment called annealing .
However , only relatively small diamonds can be produced this way : the largest so far being a 34 - carat yellow diamond about 1 centimetre wide .
Microwaved gems
Now Hemley and his team have got around the size limit by using microwaves to “ cook ” their diamonds in a hydrogen plasma at 2200 °C but at low pressure .
Diamond size is now limited only by the size of the microwave chamber used .
“ The most exciting aspect of this new annealing process is the unlimited size of the crystals that can be treated .
The breakthrough will allow us to push to kilocarat diamonds of high optical quality , ” says Hemley ’s Carnegie Institute colleague Ho-kwang Mao .
“ The microwave unit is also significantly less expensive than a large high - pressure apparatus , ” adds Yufei Meng , who also participated in the experiments .
The new technique is so efficient that the synthetic diamonds contain fewer impurities than those found in nature , says Meng .
“ We once sent one of our lab - grown diamonds for jewellery identification , it was n’t told apart from natural ones , ” she says .
One immediate application will be to make ultra- high quality windows that are optically transparent to lasers .
Threat to commerce
The team ’s method “ could be routinely run in any laboratory where it is needed , ” says Alexandre Zaitsev , a physicist at the City University of New York , whose work also includes diamonds .
“ When considered in combination with the high - growth - rate technique of CVD diamonds , it seems to be a starting point of mass - scale production of perfect diamond material at a low price . ”
Zaitsev considers low - pressure annealing at temperatures greater than 2000 °C to be a “ breakthrough in diamond research and technology ” .
The improving quality of synthetic diamonds threatens the natural diamond market .
While 20 tonnes of natural diamonds are mined annually , some 600 tonnes of synthetic diamonds are produced each year for industrial use alone .
They are used in a range of high - end technologies , such as lasers and high - pressure anvils .
Some companies have also started to sell synthetic diamonds as gemstones .
In response , diamond giant De Beers has set up a “ Gem Defensive Programme ” with the aim of finding ways to tell apart synthetic and natural diamonds .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0808230105 )
Boba Fett ? Boba Fett ?
Where ?
This article would benefit from the addition of one or more new images .
Sorry about the mess .
This article or section needs to be cleaned up to conform to a higher standard of article quality .
" Moi moi , I love you ! "
" You almost got us killed .
Are you brainless ? "
" I spake ! "
" The ability to speak does not make you intelligent . "
― Jar Jar Binks and Qui- Gon Jinn [ src ]
Jar Jar Binks was a Gungan male military commander and politician who played a key role in the Invasion of Naboo and the Clone Wars that culminated in the fall of the Galactic Republic and the rise of the Galactic Empire .
Once an outcast from Gungan society due to his clumsy behavior , he regained favor with his people by helping secure an alliance between the Gungan boss Rugor Nass and Queen Padmé Amidala of Naboo , an alliance vital in ending the Trade Federation 's invasion of their shared homeworld .
In the years that followed , Binks became a Junior Representative for his people in the Galactic Senate , serving alongside Amidala once she became the planet 's senator .
Ten years after the Naboo Crisis , growing tensions between the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems threatened an outbreak of full - scale galactic war .
In the absence of Senator Amidala , whose life was under threat by Separatist assassins , Binks was convinced by Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine to propose that the chancellor receive emergency executive powers to raise a Grand Army of the Republic .
The proposal passed , leading to the outbreak of the Clone Wars , during which time Binks participated in a number of diplomatic missions for the Galactic Senate .
The emergency powers Binks proposed were ultimately used by the chancellor , secretly the Sith Lord Darth Sidious , to amass total power and transform the Republic into the Empire .
In the years that followed , Binks once again became an outcast on Naboo due to his role in the rise of the Empire .
By the time of the Battle of Jakku , Binks was a street performer in the capital city of Theed , where he was scorned by adults but beloved by the children who came to watch his antics .
Contents show ]
Biography
The Invasion of Naboo
" You were banished because you were clumsy ? " ― Obi-Wan Kenobi [ src ]
Boss Nass banished Jar Jar Binks from his home of Otoh Gunga , an underwater city that lay beneath the Mid Rim planet of Naboo 's Lake Paonga , for crashing his personal heyblibber submarine .
During the time of the Trade Federation 's invasion of Naboo , Binks was out foraging for food when he stumbled across OOM - 9's invasion force .
Panicking , he bumped into the Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn , an ambassador who had been sent to resolve the crisis between the Naboo and the Federation .
Jinn saved the Gungan from being run over by a passing Multi -Troop Transport .
As a result of this act , Binks believed that he owed Jinn a life debt and insisted on following Jinn , much to the Jedi's annoyance .
Both Jinn and his apprentice , Obi-Wan Kenobi , needed to contact Queen Padmé Amidala in the capital Theed but had no way of reaching her .
Despite fearing for his life , Binks reluctantly agreed to take them there . [ 1 ]
Upon reaching Otoh Gunga , Binks was arrested by his old friend Tarpals and brought before Boss Nass , the city 's ruler .
Since he had unlawfully returned to his home city , Binks faced punishment .
However , Master Qui-Gon , who needed a guide to take them to Theed , convinced Boss Nass to commute Binks ' punishment , stating that the Gungan owed him a life debt .
Nass reluctantly complied and provided them with a bongo submarine to travel through the planet 's watery planetary core .
After two perilous escapades with an Opee sea killer and a Colo claw fish , Binks and his companions reached Theed , only to discover that the city had already been occupied by Trade Federation forces . [ 1 ]
After Master Qui-Gon and his Padawan Kenobi managed to free Queen Amidala and several of her entourage , Binks and his companions fled aboard a Naboo Royal Starship .
Despite escaping the Trade Federation 's naval blockade , the Royal Starship sustained damage to its hyperdrive , forcing them to land on the desert planet of Tatooine .
This marked Binks ' first trip off - world .
Binks joined the two Jedi and Amidala when they disembarked from the cruiser to visit Mos Espa to obtain parts .
They tried to buy the parts from a Toydarian dealer named Watto , but Watto refused to accept their Republic credits . [ 1 ]
While returning to their starship , Binks was accosted by a local Dug podracer named Sebulba , who was angered when Binks accidentally ruined his meal by spitting out the leg of a Gorg rather than pay for it .
A local human boy named Anakin Skywalker defended Binks and offered the Gungan and his companions shelter at his family home , where he lived with his mother , Shmi , and his protocol droid , C - 3PO .
Binks and his companions learned that Anakin and his mother were slaves and that the boy wanted to compete in the upcoming Boonta Eve podracing event . [ 1 ]
Later , Master Qui-Gon made a bargain with Watto to sell him the parts and free Anakin if the boy won the Boonta Eve race .
Qui-Gon also discovered that Anakin was Force - sensitive and decided to train him as a Jedi .
Despite a challenging race , Anakin won the Boonta event , and Watto reluctantly supplied the parts and freed Anakin. Binks ' trip to Tatooine marked his first encounter with Skywalker .
After making the necessary repairs to Queen Amidala 's starship , Binks and his traveling companions traveled to the galactic capital , Coruscant .
Following a failed attempt to get the Galactic Senate to end the suffering of her people , Amidala turned to Binks , who revealed that the Gungans had a Grand Army . [ 1 ]
Armed with this information , Queen Amidala and her Jedi protectors traveled back to Naboo .
Binks visited Otoh Gunga only to discover that his people had evacuated to a Sacred Place .
After leading them there , Queen Amidala convinced the Gungans to put aside their difference and join forces with the Naboo to oust the Trade Federation 's droid army .
Boss Nass agreed and subsequently promoted Binks to the position of Bombad General .
During the Battle of Naboo , General Binks led his forces against the Federation 's droid army at the Great Grass Plains .
The droid army overwhelmed Binks ' forces and forced them to surrender .
However , defeat was snatched from the jaws of victory when Skywalker destroyed the Droid Control Ship orbiting Naboo , disabling the Federation 's droid forces on Naboo . [ 1 ]
Searching for treasure
" … a treasure mappen !
To a sobig powerful Gungan relic ?
Will you be helpin me find it ? "
― Jar Jar Binks to Queen Padmé Amidala [ src ]
Boss Nass sent Binks a map leading to a soshinyday blobball .
Binks asked Queen Padmé Amidala to help him collect the blobball .
Queen Amidala said that she wished not to intrude into Boss Nass ' territory , but Binks replied that it was Boss Nass ' idea .
Eventually , she joined Binks for the hunt .
A few minutes later , Binks and Queen Amidala rode kaadus through a jungle , where they ran into a cluster of slitherfish .
They escaped by bringing in light , which frightened slitherfish .
When they entered the cave where the blobball was located , they faced many obstacles before reaching the blobball .
When Queen Amidala lifted it , a gundark entered and tried to kill them both .
Binks screamed , which defeated the gundark because it had keen hearing .
They then both delivered the blobball to Boss Nass .
When Binks and Queen Amidala arrived , Boss Nass ate it and revealed it was just an old Gungan delicacy . [ 9 ]
The Separatist Crisis
" It 's - a clear desa Separatists made a pact wesa desa Federation du Trade .
Senators !
Dellow felegates !
In response to this direct threat to the Republic , mesa propose that the Senate give immediately emergency powers to the Supreme Chancellor ! " ― Representative Jar Jar Binks [ src ]
Ten years after the Naboo crisis , Jar Jar Binks had ascended to the position of Representative in the Naboo delegation to the Galactic Senate .
In transitioning to his new role , he notably had to learn Diplodialect . [ 10 ]
Representative Binks rose to prominence after the now Senator Padmé Amidala was forced into hiding after a series of assassination attempts on Coruscant .
At the request of Amidala , Representative Binks agreed to stand in for her in the Senate .
In her absence , however , Binks was easily manipulated by more experienced politicians , and as they preyed on his innocence , they convinced him that the creation of a Grand Army of the Republic was a course of action that Amidala would have taken .
In fact , the creation of an army was exactly what Amidala had been fighting against .
Feeling that it was his duty to act in her stead , he suggested that the Senate give the now Supreme Chancellor Palpatine the emergency powers required to create the Grand Army of the Republic .
The motion passed , and soon afterward , with the First Battle of Geonosis , the Clone Wars began . [ 5 ]
The Clone Wars
Battle of Mimban
" Mesa 'd being grand proud to , cap 'n . "
― Jar Jar Binks to Rex [ src ]
Jedi Master Laan
Tik was the commander of the Battle of Mimban .
When Tik died , Binks took command .
Several hours later , Binks saved Clone Captain Rex using Laan
Tik 's lightsaber .
At first , Rex thought it was Laan Tik , but Binks revealed it was him .
Rex then took the lightsaber from Binks for safekeeping . [ 11 ]
Mission to Toydaria
Following the Separatist invasion of Ryloth , Representative Binks traveled to the planet Toydaria with the Alderaanian Senator Bail Organa to ask King Katuunko for permission to use the planet as a supply staging base for Republic forces to relieve Ryloth .
Their negotiations with King Katuunko were complicated by the presence of the Trade Federation 's Senator Lott Dod , who convinced the king to deny the Republic access to Toydaria 's facilities on the grounds that such military activity would violate the planet 's strict policy of neutrality .
In private , however , Katuunko was sympathetic to the plight of the Twi'leks of Ryloth and agreed to load Senator Organa 's ship with provisions if the Senator could conceal Toydaria 's involvement .
While Binks distracted Senator Dod during a banquet , Organa loaded his ship with supplies for Ryloth .
Following this event , the king announced that he would reconsider his government 's policy of neutrality . [ 12 ]
Negotiations on Rodia
" I think Jar Jar 's dead , Threepio . "
" Oh , not again . " ― Padmé Amidala and C - 3PO Listen ( file info ) [ src ]
Later , Representative Binks accompanied Senator Amidala and C - 3PO on a mission to Rodia to ensure the planet 's allegiance to the Republic .
Senator Amidala was a close friend of the Rodian Senator Onaconda Farr , whom she referred to affectionately as " Uncle Ono . "
However , Senator Farr had already made a deal with the Separatist leader Nute Gunray , who offered to deliver food supplies to Rodia in return for securing the planet 's allegiance .
Senator Amidala was promptly taken prisoner by Gunray , who wanted to execute her . [ 13 ]
Binks tried to communicate with some jungle natives , and in response , a fruit was flung at C - 3PO .
Binks and C - 3PO were then attacked by several Separatist B1 - series battle droids and a crab droid .
While attempting to escape , Binks accidentally destroyed Amidala 's yacht with a magnetic crane , ruining their chance to call for help .
He donned a Jedi robe Amidala had stored in her back closet , which led the droids to mistake him for a Jedi .
While fleeing the Separatist droids , Binks fell down a grate that led to the sea .
Meanwhile , C - 3PO was captured and thought that Binks had died . [ 13 ]
After escaping a Kwazel Maw , Binks attempted to rescue Amidala , only to discover that she had already escaped .
Later ,
Binks caught up with Amidala only to be spotted by a B2 - series super battle droid .
Fleeing underwater to escape the droid 's thermal detonators , he encountered the Kwazel Maw again but managed to befriend the creature , which he nicknamed " Bogey . "
He and Bogey rescued Senator Amidala and C - 3PO and defeated Nute Gunray 's battle droids .
Shortly , Republic reinforcements arrived on Rodia and arrested Nute Gunray .
Senator Farr revealed that his collaboration with the Separatists was only a ruse to trap Gunray . [ 13 ]
Despite their efforts , Gunray later escaped Republic custody with the aid of the bounty hunter Asajj Ventress and the traitorous Senate Commando Faro Argyus . [ 14 ]
Dealing with pirates
" He 's probably going to get himself killed . "
" Do n't worry .
He 's smarter than he looks . "
― A clone trooper and Commander Stone on Jar Jar Binks Listen ( file info ) [ src ]
After the Separatist leader Count Dooku was captured by a Weequay pirate gang led by Hondo Ohnaka , the Republic agreed to pay a hefty sum as a reward for capturing the Sith Lord .
Representative Binks along with the Gran Senator Kharrus were dispatched to the Weequay pirates ' lair with a bounty of spice as a ransom for Count Dooku .
However , one of the pirates , Turk , decided to deal with the Separatists and shot down the shuttle carrying Binks and Kharrus .
The pilots and Kharrus were killed in the ensuing crash , leaving Representative Binks in command of the surviving clone troopers . [ 15 ]
Binks and the survivors evaded pursuit by Turk and his men by hiding near several acid geysers .
While his clone charges wanted to wait for reinforcements , Binks decided to fight the pirates .
He succeeded in taming several skalders and managed to defeat Turk and his pirates .
They then made their way to the pirate base , where Commander Stone sent Binks to " negotiate " with the pirates , knowing that his ineptitude would be useful .
Before the pirates could take him hostage , Binks managed to ram one of their tanks into another , shutting down their power grid .
The Weequays attempted to kill Binks only to be restrained by the clone troopers .
During the ensuing blackout , Dooku and the two Jedi Kenobi and Skywalker escaped while Turk was killed . [ 15 ]
The Blue Shadow Virus crisis
Following the discovery of several Separatist droids on Naboo , Representative Binks and Senator Amidala along with C - 3PO were summoned back to Naboo by Queen Neeyutnee , who demanded that the Republic assist them in eliminating the Separatist presence there .
Binks was present when his companions interrogated a captured T - series tactical droid , which had its photoreceptors removed to confuse it .
Through C - 3PO , Binks and his companions learned that a secret laboratory was producing some sort of virus .
Before they could extract any more information , Binks ' clumsiness destroyed the droid . [ 16 ]
Despite this setback , Binks noticed a blue bug emerging from the tactical droid 's body .
Deducing that the droids came from the Eastern swamps , Binks and Amidala traveled there to continue their investigation .
During their travels , a local Gungan farmer named Peppi Bow attacked them , believing that Binks and his companions were responsible for the deaths of her herd of shaaks .
After Amidala convinced
Bow that they were not a threat , the farmer informed them that a nearby river was polluted .
Binks and his companions then entered a swamp where they found a secret hatch . [ 16 ]
They were captured by several Separatist battle droids led by a Faust scientist named Nuvo Vindi .
He revealed that the Separatists had a secret laboratory on Naboo and that he had been developing an airborne version of the deadly Blue Shadow Virus .
Binks and his companions were later rescued by the Jedi Obi-Wan , Skywalker , and his new Padawan Ahsoka Tano , who overpowered Dr. Vindi and his droids .
During the struggle , Binks and Amidala stopped one of Dr. Vindi 's droids from escaping into Naboo , thus containing the Blue Shadow Virus within his secret bunker . [ 16 ]
Despite Dr. Vindi's capture , one of his servant droids hid one of the virus bombs and released the virus throughout the facility .
The Jedi and the clone troopers locked down the facility , preventing the virus from spreading to the rest of Naboo .
While Anakin and Kenobi traveled to the planet Iego to find the antidote reeksa root , Binks , Amidala , Ahsoka , and the clone troopers stayed behind to trap Dr. Vindi 's remaining droids and to prevent them from reaching the surface .
During the fighting , Amidala accidentally ripped her envirosuit while tackling Jar Jar to save him from blaster fire , exposing herself to the virus .
Fortunately for Binks and his companions , Anakin and Kenobi returned with the antidote .
Binks and his companions survived their ordeal in Dr. Vindi 's laboratory . [ 17 ]
War on Mon Cala
Following the assassination of the Mon Calamari King Yos Kolina , tensions broke out between the Mon Calamari and Quarren species , the two dominant species of the ocean world of Mon Cala .
The Quarrens regarded Kolina 's successor , Prince Lee-Char , as too inexperienced to rule .
The Separatist ambassador , the Karkarodon Riff Tamson , stirred up trouble between the Mon Calamari and Quarren .
In response , the Republic sent Senator Amidala and the two Jedi Skywalker and Kit Fisto to mediate between the two parties .
With Separatist backing , the Quarren overthrew the Mon Cala Government and waged war against the Mon Calamari and their Republic allies . [ 18 ]
The Republic was unable to commit sufficient Clone SCUBA troopers to Mon Cala and decided to dispatch Master Kenobi to seek the help of the Gungans , an amphibious species with a Grand Army .
At Kenobi 's urging , Binks convinced the Gungan High Council to send the Grand Army to relieve Republic forces on Mon Cala .
Binks and the Gungan reinforcements arrived just in time to render valuable aid to Skywalker , Amidala , and Lee - Char .
However , the Separatist Commander Tamson counterattacked by using his Trident - class assault ships to create whirlpools , which disoriented the Gungan forces .
During the fighting , Binks and the Gungan reinforcements were captured by Tamson 's Separatist forces . [ 19 ]
Following their defeat , Representative Binks along with Skywalker , Amidala , and Kit Fisto were brought before Commander Tamson , who interrogated them about the whereabouts of Prince Lee-Char .
During the interrogation , Tamson cracked Amidala 's faceplate , but Binks was able to seal it by spitting slimy mucus onto her faceplate , which was generated by his Gungan physiology .
Meanwhile , Prince Lee-Char and Anakin's Padawan Ahsoka succeeded in freeing the Mon Calamari prisoners and convincing the Mon Calamari and Quarrens to work together to drive out the Separatist invaders .
During the ensuing battle , Binks and the other prisoners were rescued while Tamson was killed by Lee - Char .
Following the fighting , Lee -Char was recognized as the new King of Mon Cala by both the Mon Calamari and Quarren species . [ 20 ]
Strife on Naboo
As the Clone Wars dragged on , tensions grew between the Gungans and Naboo 's human population due to rumors that the Gungans were planning to aid a Separatist invasion of the planet .
Tensions further escalated when the ruling Boss Lyonie announced that the Gungan Grand Army would march on Theed , the Naboo 's capital .
In response to escalating tensions , Representative Binks arranged to rendezvous with his old friends Senator Amidala and the Jedi Knight Skywalker at Paonga .
From there , they traveled to Otoh Gunga to confront Lyonie .
Skywalker discovered that Lyonie was being controlled by a mind - control necklace that had been given by his new Minister Rish Loo , who was secretly in cahoots with Count Dooku . [ 3 ]
During a confrontation between Lyonie , the Jedi , and Loo , Binks accidentally donned Lyonie 's crown of office , causing Amidala and Skywalker to note his striking resemblance to the Boss .
Skywalker then hatched a plan to use Binks , disguised as Boss Lyonie , to command the Grand Army to call off their attack on Theed .
Skywalker 's plan work , but Loo managed to escape .
Shortly , a Separatist landing craft arrived and addressed Binks , believing him to be Boss Lyonie and thinking that everything was going according to Dooku 's plan .
Forced to maintain his role , Binks and his old friend General Tarpals boarded the ship to " coordinate the attack " only to discover that the Separatist commander was the cyborg General Grievous . [ 3 ]
Flustered and terrified , Jar Jar Binks stalled for time while dispatching Tarpals to inform Amidala of Grievous ' presence .
At Amidala 's advice , the two agreed to shut down the General 's droid forces and capture him .
Grievous quickly deduced that Lyonie was an impostor but the two Gungans succeeded in disabling the Separatist droid army .
The Gungans then attacked Grievous and managed to capture him following a fierce struggle that ended with the death of Tarpals , Binks ' best friend .
However , the Gungans were forced to release General Grievous after Count Dooku succeeded in luring Skywalker into a trap and holding him ransom .
Despite this setback , Binks was praised by both Boss Lyonie and Queen Neeyutnee for restoring peace between the Gungans and the Naboo . [ 3 ]
Mission to Bardotta
Following the near civil war on Naboo , Representative Jar Jar Binks was called upon by the Galactic Republic to deal with a new crisis on the planet Bardotta .
Several Dagoyan Masters had mysteriously disappeared .
There was a prophecy that if the Masters were not returned , a great darkness would descend on the planet .
Distrusting the Jedi Order for inducting Bardottan children , Queen Julia had requested a special meeting with Binks to discuss the crisis .
Despite the queen 's request that Binks travel to Bardotta alone , the Jedi Master Mace Windu suspected something was afoot and accompanied Binks by posing as his servant . [ 21 ]
Binks met with the queen , but she was kidnapped during the meeting .
In response , the remaining Dagoyan Masters convened the Bahk - tov Council , where High Seneschal Peteen informed them of a prophecy that if the queen was not found within three rotations , she would be gone forever and an era of darkness would descend on the galaxy .
Binks and Windu also learned from another Council member named Savatte that the prophecy originated from the malevolent Frangawl Cult , whose shrine to the demon Malmourral was underneath the Dagoyan temple .
While exploring the catacombs below the temple , Binks was captured by a Frangawl cultist , who blew a glowing powder into his face which temporarily made him invisible . [ 21 ]
The cult members placed Binks in a cage suspended above a lava pit , where he found the other captured Dagoyan masters , who informed him that they were to be sacrificed to Malmourral .
Binks managed to contact Master Windu with his comlink and transmit his location .
However , the Frangawl cult leader discovered it and had it destroyed .
Binks also encountered Julia , who revealed that the Frangawl cultists were stealing the Force from the Dagoyan masters .
The Frangawl cultists then attempted to sacrifice Binks .
However , Master Windu arrived and managed to fight off the cult members and free Binks .
However , the cult leader escaped the planet with the queen in a starship .
In response , Binks vowed to rescue Queen Julia with the help of Master Windu . [ 21 ]
While traveling through space , Binks recounted to Master Windu how he had witnessed the cultists sacrificing one of the Dagoyan Masters and extracting the Living Force from his body , which they stored inside a living sphere .
Based on this information , Windu deduced that the cultists would extract the Living Force from Queen Julia and used his Force powers to track her .
Their travels took them to a market square on the moon Zardossa Stix .
Amidst the crowd , Binks caught up with the screaming Julia but found himself cornered by several of the cultists .
Binks managed to flee his pursuers and tried to pursue the group with the captive queen .
During the ensuing chaos , Windu saved Binks from being gunned down by a cultist armed with an EWHB - 12 heavy repeating blaster . [ 22 ]
Continuing their pursuit , Binks and Windu were set upon by an animal trainer and his two gundarks .
During the fray , the trainer relieved Windu of his lightsaber using his whip .
Binks then punched the trainer and retrieved the lightsaber with his tongue , and returned it to the Jedi Master .
Windu managed to stun one of the gundarks and kill the other .
Binks continued the pursuit , but the cultists escaped in two speeders .
After questioning the trainer , Binks and Windu continued their rescue mission on an eopie and dalgo .
Meanwhile , the cultists arrived at a Zardossan temple , where they were joined by the Nightsister Mother Talzin , who wanted to sacrifice Queen Julia in order to steal her Force energy . [ 22 ]
After tangling with the temple 's stone guardians , Windu and Binks stormed the temple .
While Windu and Mother Talzin fought , Binks used one of the stone guardians ' weapons to blast the cult members and to free Queen Julia from her bonds .
While Binks grappled with the cult leader , the planets aligned and a beam of energy blasted through a series of lenses .
While the cult leader was killed by the blast of energy , Julia pushed Binks out of harm 's way .
The Force sphere fell from its pedestal and shattered , releasing a powerful explosion .
Binks along with Windu and Julia survived this explosion and escaped the temple .
Following her rescue , Queen Julia thanked Binks and Windu and expressed hope that these events would lead to a better understanding between the Bardottans and the Jedi . [ 22 ]
Fall of the Republic
During the last days of the Galactic Republic , Jar Jar Binks continued to serve as the Gungan Representative on the Naboo delegation .
Following the Battle of Coruscant , Binks was among the many politicians who greeted Chancellor Palpatine after he had been successfully rescued by Kenobi and Skywalker .
Later , Binks was present in the Chancellor 's office along with the rest of the senators when they presented the Petition of 2,000 to Palpatine and Anakin , acting as his personal bodyguard . [ 7 ]
Binks was present in the Galactic Senate Chamber when Palpatine transformed the Galactic Republic into the first Galactic Empire , thus changing the Galactic Senate into the Imperial Senate .
Following the death of his colleague and close friend Senator Amidala , Binks was among the chief mourners attending her funeral , along with Boss Nass . [ 7 ]
Age of the Empire
During the occupation of Mon Cala , the Jedi Padawan Ferren Barr had his droid Endee show a holographic image of a list of files compiled in his previous exploits .
Among these was a file on Binks that was placed directly under a file for Darth Plagueis and above the file for Amidala . [ 23 ]
New Republic era
" Desa hisen Naboo tink I help the uh - oh Empire .
My no know . "
" I do n't think you helped the Empire .
Maybe you just do n't belong anywhere , like me . "
― Jar Jar Binks and Mapo on Theed during the Galactic Civil War [ src ]
Because of his role in abetting the rise of the Empire , Binks was once again exiled by his people .
After the Battle of Endor and the rise of the New Republic , he performed in the streets of Theed as a clown who was popular with children but not so much with their parents .
Many Gungan and Naboo adults refused to speak to him or say his name .
Binks entertained the children by performing numerous antics including wagging his tongue , juggling glombo shells , spitting fish up in the air and catching them , dancing around , and swallowing and flushing out water through his ears . [ 24 ]
In 5 ABY , Binks encountered a young refugee boy named Mapo while performing in Theed 's Plaza of the Catalan .
Mapo was a charge at a nearby orphanage who had been badly burned after the Empire had bombed his home on the fuel depot Golus Station .
Due to hideous burns , Mapo found few people who were willing to talk to him , let alone adopt him .
After Binks caught a pik - pok fish with his long tongue , he asked the boy where he came from .
Mapo related how he had lost his parents during the Imperial bombardment of Golus Station .
Taking pity on the boy , Binks did another trick by swallowing water and spraying it out through his ears . [ 24 ]
When Mapo told Binks that nobody talked to him , Binks revealed that he was an outcast because many Gungans and Naboo believed he had helped the Empire .
A sympathetic Mapo opined that he did not think that Binks had aided the Empire , and suggested that they were both outcasts .
While Binks appeared to accept his fate , Mapo pointed out that he had a low chance of being adopted due to his disfigurement .
When Mapo suggested that the two could go nowhere together , Binks replied that that was a " bombad " — or great — idea .
When Mapo asked Binks if he could teach him to be a clown , Binks gratefully accepted Mapo 's request and the boy 's friendship . [ 24 ]
Legacy
" Speaking of Naboo sardine fritters , did you know that Senator Jar Jar Binks and Lord Vader were the same person ? " ― Redy [ src ]
Sometime after the fall of the Empire , some individuals wrongly believed that Binks and Darth Vader were the same person . [ 25 ]
Binks was remembered after the Galactic Civil War 's Battle of Endor , and he was mentioned by a member of the Whills as someone to be remembered in galactic history . [ 26 ]
Personality and traits
" What is to become of Jar Jar Binks here ? "
" Hisen to be pune - ished . "
" I saved his life .
He owes me what you call a life debt .
Your gods demand that his life belongs to me now . "
― Qui -Gon Jinn and Boss Nass on the fate of Jar Jar Binks [ src ]
Jar Jar Binks was often regarded by his peers as clumsy and annoying , traits that led many people to deride and underestimate him .
His clumsiness led to his banishment from his home city of Otoh Gunga .
On another occasion , his tendency to grab food with his tongue got him into trouble with a local bully on Tatooine named Sebulba .
Despite these flaws ,
Binks was also capable of being brave , loyal , and dependable .
Binks played an important role in turning the tide of the Invasion of Naboo by helping Queen Amidala to win the support of the Gungans in driving out the Trade Federation invaders .
Due to his role in the Battle of Naboo , the former Gungan outcast won much respect among both his people and the Naboo . [ 1 ]
Despite his good and humble nature , Binks was naïve and easily manipulated .
Chancellor Palpatine exploited Binks ' naïvety by convincing him to support the creation of a Grand Army of the Republic , which enabled Palpatine to destroy the Jedi Order and to establish the first Galactic Empire . [ 5 ]
Binks was also good at making friends , as shown by his friendship with Master Qui - Gon Jinn [ 1 ] and in winning over a Kwazel Maw called " Bogey " during a mission on Rodia . [ 13 ]
On other occasions , Binks was able to use his humble , unassuming nature to outsmart stronger foes . [ 12 ] [ 15 ]
Binks was also dependable in the most challenging of situations .
On one occasion , Binks displayed courage when he impersonated Boss Lyonie during a mission to stop the Separatists from turning the Gungans against the Naboo . [ 3 ]
Later , Binks displayed much courage , loyalty , and endurance when he and Mace Windu took part in a dangerous mission to rescue his friend Queen Julia of Bardotta from the malevolent Frangawl Cult .
Binks ' actions helped restore relations between the Jedi Order and the Bardottans . [ 22 ]
Due to his role in aiding the rise of the Galactic Empire , Binks was ostracized by many Gungans and Naboo after the Battle of Endor .
While not comprehending the gravity of the situation , Binks was vaguely aware of the reasons he had been ostracized .
Binks was popular with refugee children due to his funny antics and a good sense of humor .
Binks found an unlikely friend in the form of the disfigured refugee boy Mapo , who was one of the few people willing to speak to him .
After Mapo opined that Binks was not to blame for helping the Empire , the Gungan gratefully accepted the boy 's request to receive training to be a clown . [ 24 ]
Skills and abilities
" Can you teach me to be a clown , too ? "
" Bein clowning is bombad , too .
My teaching yousa , pallo .
Wesa maken the whole galaxy smilin , huh ? " ― Mapo and Binks ; the latter found redemption in his work as a street performer and clown [ src ]
As a Gungan , Jar Jar Binks was capable of living comfortably both on land and underwater .
He had a long tongue which he used for grabbing food and other objects .
Binks also knew how to pilot a bongo sub and had a good navigational knowledge of Naboo 's watery core .
[ 1]
While Binks was not a skilled fighter , he was courageous , loyal , and dependable under even the most difficult circumstances .
On one occasion , he used his slime to seal Senator Amidala 's damaged faceplate during a mission to Mon Cala , saving her from drowning in the oceans of that watery planet . [ 20 ]
Binks was also good at communicating with animals , as shown when he tamed several skalders , beasts of burden which provided him and his clone trooper comrades with transportation . [ 15 ]
Following the Battle of Endor , Binks was cast out by the Gungans and ostracized by the Naboo .
Homeless , Binks found work in Theed as a clown and street performer .
Binks ' funny antics and acrobatic exercises in a water fountain made him popular with refugee children . [ 24 ]
Behind the scenes
This article or section may contain original research or unverified claims .
Please help Wookieepedia by adding references .
Jar Jar Binks was played by Ahmed Best in the prequel trilogy .
Viewer response to the character in Star Wars : Episode I The Phantom Menace was deeply negative : Best stated the criticism " hurt me emotionally and it was hard to take at the time , [ although ] it was n't debilitating for me .
I just put my shoes on and went back to work . "
In response to the negativity , George Lucas jokingly titled the first draft of Episode II Jar Jar 's Great Adventure . [ 27 ]
Because of the negative criticism that the character received in both The Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones , during the development of Revenge of the Sith Ahmed Best recommended George Lucas kill off Jar Jar by having Anakin Skywalker hack him to pieces . [ 28 ]
Although Lucas rejected Best 's idea , Jar Jar 's role in the finished film was reduced to just a cameo with two lines .
According to Best , there was going to be a scene in which Palpatine thanked Binks for granting him the emergency powers that allowed him to take over the galaxy , but it was deleted from the final cut . [ 29 ]
Best also voiced the character for some episodes of Star Wars : The Clone Wars , although BJ Hughes is credited for a few episodes .
( Best claims that this was Phil LaMarr . [ 30 ] )
Jar Jar 's fate following the events of the prequels was finally revealed in 2017 when Binks made a cameo appearance in Chuck Wendig 's novel Aftermath : Empire 's End , the final installment of The Aftermath Trilogy , which is set after the events of Return of the Jedi .
According to book reviewer and author Chris Taylor , Binks ' popularity with children and ostracism by adult Naboo and Gungans was a subtle commentary on the polarized attitudes towards the character within the Star Wars fan community . [ 31 ]
In late October 2015 , a Reddit user by the name of " Lumpawarroo " speculated that Binks was originally written as a major antagonist of the series , as Darth Jar Jar , and a prominent collaborator with Sheev Palpatine , before being redacted from the villain 's role due to the character 's initial ( and ongoing ) negative reception . [ 32 ]
The post quickly became viral and received significant media coverage internationally by independent bloggers and major news outlets like Forbes , The Washington Post , The Guardian and The New York Times that included analysis of his actions during The Phantom Menace . [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ]
After the speculation went viral , Ahmed Best tweeted his thoughts on how it " feels good " when the truth comes out . [ 37 ]
Non-canon history
" These men have prejudice deep within their hearts , For looking upon me , they see savagery .
A 'native , ' ' local , ' ' piteous , ' ' buffoon ' ;
With such dark slurs they slander my whole race . "
― Jar Jar Binks [ src ]
In William Shakespeare 's The Phantom of Menace : Star Wars Part the First , Jar Jar Binks was portrayed as a wise character who played the role of the clown publicly to those such as the Jedi to mask his cunning insights regarding culture and politics .
He was cast out from Gungan society for his radical opinions regarding uniting the Gungan culture with that of the humans of Naboo , but maintained to Qui - Gon Jinn that he was ejected due to being " clumsy . "
While he played the role of the fool , his frequent asides revealed his true nature and his contempt for those who would to his face refer to him using terms such as " native " or " buffoon . "
Despite this , he joined with the Jedi in the hopes of obtaining the greater understanding between the two cultures which he sought . [ 38 ]
In the LEGO Star Wars : Droid Tales episode " Exit from Endor , " Jar Jar Binks is swept into space during the escape from Naboo . [ 39 ]
Later , in " Gambit on Geonosis , " he is seen floating outside the Second Death Star . [ 40 ]
Appearances
Non-canon appearances
Sources
Notes and references
Coin Shrinking and Can Crushing
Making Electromagnetically Shrunken Heads , Tiny Tails , & Slimmer Cans since 1998
Updated 01/31/19
Cool video clip showing a quarter shrinking in 40 millionths of a second ( from our friends at Hackerbot Labs )
One page ( pdf ) summary - a quick and dirty explanation of how we shrink coins
How we REALLY do it - all of the gory details
Reconstructed History of Quarter Shrinking - who discovered this ?
Learn more about Pulsed Power
Get a shrunken coin of your very own !
Some of our shrunken coins and Captured Lightning sculptures are also available on eBay Captured Lightning Sculptures
Side view of the Quarter Shrinker , showing the Lexan blast shield with a 40 pound transformer helping to keep it down .
The large gray rectangular objects are older GE energy discharge caps .
These have since been replaced with more robust Maxwell capacitors .
The original trigatron switch ( the small cylinder with a spark plug ) , bleeder resistor bank , and 10,000 volt fuse can also be seen .
The trigatron has been replaced with a newer solenoid fired gap .
A sample work coil showing the magnet wire winding , a pair of dowels and coin above it .
The dowels and coin fit snugly inside the coil , and the assembly is then taped together .
The work coil is then bolted onto a pair of copper bus bars .
The work coil explodes violently during the shrinking process , creating a potentially lethal shower of hypersonic velocity copper fragments that must be contained within a steel - lined , bullet - proof Lexan blast shield .
After bolting the work coil to the bus bars , the coil is covered by the blast shield .
The energy discharge capacitors are then charged to a high voltage , storing the desired amount of potential energy .
The stored energy is suddenly released into the work coil , creating an ultrastrong magnetic field inside the coil which evenly crushes the coin inward toward its center .
The interior of the blast shield that 's in the direct path of the copper fragments is reinforced with 1/ 2 " thick steel armor plates .
Lexan alone rapidly cracks under the repetitive bombardment of supersonic copper fragments and the explosive shock wave .
Small fragments can reach velocities of 5,000 feet per second !
FIRE !
The Shrinker is triggered remotely .
You really do n't want to be anywhere near the system when it fires .
You can also see the highly conductive arc inside the trigatron switch ( the cylindrical object to the right of the blast shield ) as it switches up to 100,000 amperes into the work coil .
The resulting magnetic field can erase nearby credit cards .
And yes , it makes a satisfyingly BIG bang ...
A close - up of a Kennedy half dollar being shrunk at 6,500 joules .
A neutral density filter allows us to see more detail of the ball of plasma that 's created when the work coil explodes .
Any residual system energy is rapidly dissipated by both the plasma discharge and via a bank of high power bleeder resistors to the left of the blast shield .
Voltage metering , audio , and LED alarms warn if any dangerous charge remains on the capacitor bank .
The shrunken coin is retrieved after any remaining charge in the high voltage capacitors has been safely dissipated .
The debris left after the blast , and a very hot , shrunken quarter .
The quarter is greatly heated by the huge pulse of electrical current that was forced to circulate within its rim , and by frictional losses when the powerful magnetic fields plastically deformed the coin to the diameter of a dime .
The actual shrinking process occurs within tens of millionths of a second !
For more details , you may wish to read a more detailed description about how the " shrinking " process works .
Some of the larger coil fragments that result when a lower power pulse is applied to the work coil .
The wire clearly shows the effects of tensile fracture and axial compression .
A narrow band of melting can also be seen where the current was concentrated due to skin effect and proximity effect .
The insulation is blown off , and the wire becomes quite work hardened .
A group of shrunken quarters showing the effects of increasing the energy level .
At higher levels , a quarter becomes 0.1 " SMALLER than a dime .
The shrinking force on the coins is proportional to the square of the current , and is directly proportional to the energy initially stored in the capacitor bank .
A magnified of view of Washington 's shrunken head .
Although the pattern is basically maintained , closer observations shows that some relative shifting occurs between features .
The radiating lines on the shrunken coin are called " Luder 's Lines " .
These are sometimes created as the coin is plastically deformed .
Luder 's Lines are parallel to the direction of the applied shrinking force .
The lines clearly show the radial forces that were applied to the coin .
The reverse side of a Delaware quarter also showing radiating Luder 's lines .
The better - conducting inner copper layer of a clad US coin shrinks more than the more electrically resistive outer layers .
This often causes dragging and relative shifting of some surface features .
On some coins , certain surface features may actually dive underneath other features .
Click on the above image and note how the letter " S " has shifted so that it 's partially under the horse 's butt on the shrunken coin .
On some coins , such as this Kennedy half dollar , the bust may become attractively " haloed " by radiating Luder 's lines .
For reasons that are not completely understood , this occurs only on some Kennedy halves .
The degree to which Luder 's lines form is also a function of the alloys used in the coin .
A Japanese 5
Yen coin demonstrates how the compressive forces squeeze the entire coin .
Not only does the coin shrink , but the center hole closes up in the process .
This brass alloy coin was shrunk using 5,700 joules .
Notice the distortion of the horizontal lines above the collapsed center hole .
The five sided hole in an older style New York City transit token closes up to form a Chrysler emblem or a starfish .
The token is made from a nickel copper alloy that is a relatively poor electrical conductor .
Because of the larger losses , it took significantly more energy ( 6,300 joules ) to achieve the same effect as the previous coin .
A greater degree of ohmic heating discolors the token a bit more than other coins .
A clad Eisenhower Dollar is reduced from about 1.5 " to 1.125 " using 6,500 joules .
A slight degree of " toroiding " ( greater thickening of the outer portion of the coin ) can also be seen .
It is thought that this occurs when the work coil explodes before the coin can fully shrink .
Higher voltage systems that use smaller bank capacitance often show toroiding to a much greater degree .
Although it 's not obvious , the Sacagawea " Golden Dollar " ( or " Brass Buck " ) is actually a clad coin .
The outer layers are made from an alloy of copper , zinc and manganese ( called manganese brass ) , while the inner core consists of pure copper .
The Sacagawea is one of the prettier coins to shrink , since it usually shows little relative shifting and distortion of surface features and it seldom develops Luder 's lines .
This coin was shrunk at 5,100 joules .
Small presidential dollars also shrink quite evenly .
Here 's the reverse side of the same Sacagawea coin .
During shrinking , the better conducting copper center shrinks a bit more , and the resulting " Oreo Cookie " effect makes the coin 's clad construction quite obvious .
Slight force imbalances ( due to surface features on the other side of the coin ) cause the slight dimpling effect .
A Susan B. Anthony ( SBA )
Dollar shows some interesting shifting of surface features after being hit with a 5,100 joule pulse .
Compare the space between Susan 's chin and her left shoulder and the lettering just to the right of her chin between the original and shrunken coin .
Also , compare the locations of the Denver mint mark .
Even shrinking her does n't improve her appearance very much ...
The reverse side of an Susan B. Anthony Dollar shows some interesting shifting of surface features .
Notice that part of the " E Pluribus Unum " lettering has slipped underneath the eagle 's wing as the outer cladding layer was pulled by the underlying copper layer .
The internal copper layer is softer and it conducts electricity almost 13 times better than the outer copper - nickel cladding layers .
<>
Due to its smaller size , a clad Roosevelt dime takes significantly less energy to shrink .
This clad dime was hit with 6,000 joules .
Roosevelt 's features are altered a bit ( he ages 30 years , develops a long nose and grows a Jay Leno chin ) .
The result is a very cute little M&M shaped pill of a coin that 's only about 60 % of its original diameter .
At 6,300 joules , some melting of the coin 's edges begins to occur .
Because of the lower melting point of coin silver alloy , older silver dimes melt and shatter at energy levels of over 2,500 joules .
They also turn an ugly greenish - brassy color as small copper crystals precipitate out of the coin silver alloy ( a process called called " precipitation hardening " ) .
Bimetal coins often work as well !
Here is an older United Kingdom bimetal 2 Pound Coin that was shrunk using 6,300 joules .
The center shrank a little bit more than the outer ring , freeing it from the outer ring .
A Canadian " Toonie " has the center loosened at 6,500 joules , but the center is still held captive .
At 14,000 joules , Rob Stephens , a friend and fellow coin shrinker from Ontario , Canada was able to separate the coin into two independent pieces .
However , his blast shield failed during the shot , and he sustained considerable damage to his lab from shrapnel from the exploding work coil ...
Older Indian Head Pennies shrink quite nicely .
The combination of the balanced surface features on the front and rear and the relatively soft bronze alloy usually results in very uniform shrinkage .
Once in a while , shrunken coins develop small fractures from previously hidden defects in the coin .
Reverse side of the Indian Head penny .
The coin shrunk to about 75 % of its original diameter at a relatively modest power level of 4,000 joules .
Shrunk by fellow coin shrinker Peter Ledlie , here 's a " before " and " after " shot of a square brass coal token .
The greater shrinkage in the flat section of the token was not anticipated beforehand .
Applying a similar power level to a square aluminum Illinois Retailer 's Occupation
Tax token results in a strange star or jack shaped object .
Aluminum is an excellent electrical conductor and is softer than most other alloys , so the uneven shrinkage is even more pronounced than with the previous token .
Even though it is extremely distorted , the lettering can still be recognized on the shrunken token .
If two coins are placed side by side and then shrunk simultaneously , high currents are induced in both coins .
This causes the coins to magnetically attract each other along the rims , smashing them together as the coins are simultaneously shrinking .
At high power levels , this results in the coins assuming an interesting hemispherical shape .
Using a more powerful shrinker , these Georgia quarters were shrunk by Texas shrinker Bill Emery using much higher energy levels that we use for our coins .
A side view of a quarter that 's been shrunk to the diameter of a dime .
Minor force imbalances often create a bit of rippling or waviness of the coin 's edge .
Also , the better conducting internal copper layer of clad coins causes it to shrink more , resulting in an " Oreo Cookie " effect .
The thickness proportionally increases as its diameter is reduced .
A shrunken coin 's volume and mass remain the same , so its density remains unchanged .
There 's no " Honey , I Shrunk the Kids ! " magic involved in coin shrinking .
Here 's the reverse side of a German 1 Euro coin before and after blasting it with 6,300 joules .
The outer ring shrinks to about 90 % of its original diameter .
However , the center portion shrinks even more , freeing it from the outer ring .
The reverse side of a German 2 Euro coin before and after being hit with 6,300 joules .
The poorly conducting outer ring only shrank about 0.010 " .
However , the center shrinks more , easily freeing it from the outer ring .
Coins with scalloped edges work well as long as they are symmetrical .
Here a Hong Kong 20 cent coin was reduced to about 87 % of its original diameter at a modest power level of 5,000 joules .
This older French 10 Franc bimetal coin also ended up with a center that 's smaller than the outer ring , and after shrinking , the two halves came apart .
This coin was blasted with about 6,300 joules .
This was the Trigatron ( high voltage switch ) that was previously used on the Quarter Shrinker .
It 's a triggered spark gap switch ( called a Trigatron ) , and it was originally built by Tesla coiler Robert Stephens in Ontario , Canada .
The original Plexiglas plate fractured from the shock wave at 8,000 J .
The plate was replaced by a more robust 1/2 " Lexan plate which survived over 5,000 shots before the trigitron itself was replaced by a more reliable solenoid - triggered switch .
Texas shrinker Phil Rembold 's 1 Ton Quarter Shrinker !
60 kV Pulse Caps Blast Quarters into toroids !
At 45 kV , compression is concentrated only at the OUTER rim - the force apparently ends before it can propagate all the way into the center of the coin .
A 6,000 Joule " high voltage " shot by Texas shrinker Bill Emery .
It is thought that the compressive shock wave ended before it had a chance to completely propagate to the center of the coin due to premature explosion of the work coil .
The result is a " Quarter Toroid " .
Believe it or not , this " Quarter Ball " was once a Delaware quarter .
It was created by Texas shrinkers Bill Emery and Phil Rembold .
They used over 21,000 joules to crunch it down to this size .
The coin 's diameter is now actually SMALLER than its thickness !
The incredible forces also caused a bonding failure between cladding layers in the center of the coin .
Even so , the horse 's feet , head and some lettering can still be recognized !
Another " Quarter Toroid " .
Bill Emery and Phil Rembold used a 45,000 volt blast to reshape this quarter into a toroid 0.44 " in diameter and 0.22 " thick !
The resulting blast was done inside a large steel containment vessel topped by four hundred pounds of weights and sandbags .
The force of the electrical blast still lifts the top of the containment chamber , and it sounds like dynamite exploding .
The coin 's lettering is still clearly visible .
Once in a great while , a coin will shrink very unevenly due to the presence of hidden bonding defects between the inner and outer cladding layers .
During shrinking , these defects cause internal force imbalances which distort the shape of the coin in unpredictable ways .
Notice that the actual outline of the coin is even distorted ...
Here 's the front side of the previous Kentucky Mutant Quarter .
It looks like poor ole '
George has sprouted a real " honker " and aged another 30 years .
But he 's also been working out - just look at those huge neck muscles .
He 's also appears to have developed a mammary gland in the back of his head ... must be from the steroids .
These " Mutant Coins " could be considered the " error coins " of quarter shrinking ..
Another form of " mutation " comes from a high voltage hobbyist in the UK , Mike Harrison .
The grain pattern of the wooden dowels was actually impressed into an aluminum One Yen Japanese coin .
Minor force imbalances can cause a coin to develop " waviness " during the shrinking process .
The " stripes " which formed in this coin precisely align with the grain pattern in the wooden dowels that originally held the coin in place within the work coil !
Larger coins , such as Morgans , Peace Dollars , or Silver Eagles will also work .
Here 's an example showing " before " and " after " size comparison on a 1.5 " diameter Morgan Silver Dollar that was shrunk using a 6,300 joule shot .
And no , the coin 's dates do n't change during the shrinking process ...
Even gold bullion coins can be shrunk !
Here 's a 2002 1/2 ounce American Gold Eagle coin that a collector sent to be shrunk ( and yes , he wanted it back ! ) .
The gold , copper , and silver alloy turned out to be surprisingly tough .
This coin was lovingly blasted with 5,000 joules .
After the dust cleared , it was reduced to about 91 % of its original diameter .
A softer pure gold coin , such as a Canadian Maple Leaf , would likely shrink to a greater degree , perhaps similar to pure aluminum coins .
Identical shrinking conditions may deliver different results .
These Sacagawea dollars were all shrunk with the same energy under the same conditions .
However , the surface roughness between coins is considerably different .
This may be due to subtle differences in the processing of the metal strips used to make the coin blanks ( planchettes ) at the mint .
Consistent differences have been even been noticed between coins minted at the Denver Mint versus the Philadelphia Mint .
Another token from Peter Ledlie .
Although the shrinking forces were uniform , the holes in the coin caused uneven shrinkage as the holes collapsed .
Similar behavior can occur with certain coins that have high surface features , such as proof coins , or tokens with asymmetrically positioned holes .
Because it has excellent electrical conductivity and is mechanically softer , an aluminum coin shrinks very well !
Here 's a group of Japanese One Yen coins from Peter Ledlie showing medium and extreme shrinkage .
The bullet shaped coin on the far right is actually 2.5 times as thick as its diameter ...
Magnetic forces reshape the work coil just before it explodes .
If a much smaller pulse of energy is applied to the work coil , the effects of radial expansion and axial compression forces on the work coil can be seen .
By carefully centering the coin within the coil , most of the forces on the coin can be balanced and we can evenly shrink the coin .
The same system can also crush a can .
In this case , the work coil consists of 3 turns of # 4 AWG solid copper wire insulated with vinyl tubing .
Since the coil remains intact , most of the energy is dissipated in the spark gap switch .
However , the ringing ( oscillatory ) discharge is very tough on the pulse capacitors and the spark gap .
Slim ' n ' trim aluminum cans .
The center can was hit with 3,000 joules .
Higher energy levels rip the can apart due to heating and softening of the aluminum walls and the sudden compression of the interior air .
Compression occurs so quickly that trapped air can't escape , and the weakened can is blown apart .
In 2005 , Peter Terren electromagnetically crushed a FULL Red Bull can .
You can see the amusing results in the " Can Crushing " section of his his web site ...
More examples of crushed pop cans at various power levels .
Because of its much better electrical conductivity , aluminum cans crush much better than steel cans .
Large diameter copper tubing can also be necked down by the same process , such as these examples from California coin shrinker Ross Overstreet .
These low inductance steel cased Maxwell energy discharge capacitors are rated at 70 uF at 12 kV and 100,000 amperes per shot .
They weigh 165 pounds apiece , ~1700 pounds total .
Two of these capacitors have replaced previously failing GE caps in the Quarter Shrinker .
When fully modified , the new design will use a bipolar charging supply of +/- 12 kV and four or six of these capacitors .
Four Maxwell caps connected in series / parallel can deliver up to 24 kJ of shrinking power .
The cylindrical object in the center is a special low inductance Current Viewing Resistor ( CVR ) designed to accurately measure peak currents of up to 300,000 amperes .
A battery powered floating sample - and - hold amplifier or inexpensive battery - powered scope will be used with the VCR to measure peak discharge current .
Instead of a trigatron , the Quarter Shrinker has been modified to use a solenoid triggered spark gap switch .
This provides more consistent switching over a much wider range of capacitor bank voltages ( ultimately between 3 kV and 24 kV ) .
The switch also provides a larger volume for plasma expansion , and is designed to reliably switch over 50,000 joules / shot .
The " hairpin " current loop also creates magnetic forces which sweep the plasma across the electrodes for more even electrode wear .
Another view of the solenoid - triggered gap .
The solid brass electrodes were originally fabricated by California coin shrinker Brian Basura , and were initially planned to be part of a new Trigatron .
However , I later decided that a solenoid - driven spark gap switch would provide a much wider voltage switching range .
During " firing " the electrodes come close ( ~0.030 " ) , but do n't quite touch .
This prevents contact welding when used at lower power levels .
Over time , the interior of the switch becomes coated with a white powder of zinc oxide as zinc is evaporated and oxidized from the brass electrodes .
As zinc is evaporated , the surfaces of the brass electrodes begin to resemble a dry , cracked river bed with discrete islands of copper .
An example of natural pulsed power at work .
This powerful positive lightning bolt originated at the top of a storm , hitting the ground ~5 miles away !
This " Bolt from the Blue " probably surprised nearby folks who could look up and see clear blue sky above !
Positive lightning is " hot " with peak currents that are often 10X those of negative lightning from a cloud base , and the current also flows considerably longer .
Here 's a MUCH closer image of one of these massive bolts striking the ground ...
Some VERY Heavy Duty Pulsed Power !
Sandia 's awesome Z - Machine is the largest pulse generator in the world .
36 Marx Generators deliver 18 Million Amperes for 10 billionths of a second for X -ray and fusion experiments .
This above picture is the " left over " energy safely dissipating in water long after the main power pulse has come and gone !
The peak power in this discharge vastly exceeds that of natural lightning .
Please visit some other areas of our web site :
Tesla Info Center
Tesla Coil
More " Arcs & Sparks "
Get Small Change
Lichtenberg Figures !
Go to Stoneridge Engineering Home
Вярвам , че читателите ми заслужават възможно най -качественото съдържание , което мога да им предоставя .
Ако и ти повярваш в мен , ще се радвам да ме подкрепиш в Patreon .
How to Record More TV
**** Cost : $ 100 - $ 200
Time : 10 - 60 Minutes
Easy | | | | | Hard
Like TiVo before it , the cable - box digital video recorder ( DVR ) is a gadget that 's easy to love - until you realize that last week 's game has been erased to make room for Desperate Housewives in high - definition .
Fortunately , you can easily double or even triple your DVR 's capacity by adding more hard - drive space .
Be aware that since you do n't own the box , the cable company can fine you for messing with it .
That said , if you have a Scientific - Atlanta 8300 - by far the most common cable DVR - with the correct operating system , you can swap the internal drive for a bigger one [ see steps below ] .
Or take the safe route and just plug an external hard drive into the SATA port on the back of the box .
A caveat :
You have to leave the external drive on all the time , and its fan can get noisy .
Of course , you can always just turn up the volume on that extra month 's worth of recorded games .
Before you start , determine which operating system your box uses - SARA or Passport - by putting the box into diagnostic mode .
To do this , hold down the " select " button on the front of the box until the " mail " light flashes , then hit the " info " button .
Scroll down to find the OS .
Only SARA boxes can take a new internal drive , but either will work with an external drive .
Internal Upgrade
Parts : ( available from several sources online ;
search froogle.com for the best deals ) :
Internal 3.5 - inch IDE hard drive , up to 300 gigabytes : $ 100 " $ 150
Security torx bit # 10 tool : $ 5"$10
Use a security torx bit # 10 - a star - shaped wrench with a small hole in the middle - to remove the box 's cover .
Then use a Philips screwdriver and a regular torx bit to take out the drive bracket .
Before removing the drive from the bracket , carefully peel off the tamper sticker .
If you bend it too far , the word " void " will appear and the cable company could see that you tampered with it .
Unplug the data and power cables from the old hard drive and plug both into the new one .
Reassemble the box and restart .
It may take up to an hour for the box 's software to load on the new drive .
External Upgrade
Parts :
3.5 - inch SATA hard drive in an external enclosure , up to
300 gigabytes : $ 150 " $ 200
300 gigabytes : $ 150 " $ 200 SATA - to - eSATA cable : $ 15 " $ 20
Connect the hard drive to the cable box - the eSATA end of the cable goes into the SATA port on the DVR .
Power up the drive .
Then turn on the
cable box .
When prompted to format the hard drive , choose " yes . "
How to Get Shows Off the Box
All DVRs encrypt their recordings to prevent piracy , so you can't simply copy them to your PC or Mac .
You can , however , record a show to your computer .
The trick is to use a digital video converter , such as Pinnacle 's new $ 50 Dazzle DVD Recorder ( pinnaclesys.com ) .
Plug one end into the analog outputs on the back of your cable box and the other into your computer 's USB port .
Hit play on the DVR , and use Dazzle 's included software to capture the video to your computer in real time .
From there , you can burn shows to DVD for archiving .
There is some controversy over Republican VP candidate Sarah Palin ’s daughter getting pregnant at the moment .
I agree with Obama that a politician ’s family should be out - of - bounds .
There is another controversy that is very legitimate , Palin ’s firing of Alaska ’s Public Safety Commissioner Walter Monegan , allegedly motivated by his refusal to fire Alaska State Trooper Mike Wooten , who was going through a messy divorce with Palin ’s sister ( see Wikipedia ‘s entry on the controversy ) .
This is important given the current administration ’s scandalous hiring and firing of supposedly non-political civil servants on the basis of personal or political motivations .
Now , it may be the case that this trooper deserved to get fired , but should n’t Palin have left this to the normal processes to avoid the appearance of improper interference , given her personal history with this guy ?
I found the audio of a phone conversation between Palin aide Frank Bailey , and a Lieutenant in the state trooper ’s office .
This is on the Alaska state website , and who knows how long it will be there , so I mirrored it here – its about 25 minutes long – enjoy !
( Press the play button above to start )
David Foster Wallace killed himself on my birthday earlier this month .
Out of curiosity I decided ( not for the first time ) to start reading his novel Infinite Jest .
After I complete it , it will be the longest book I have ever read .
Reading this detailed and excessively footnoted book that creates an entire universe of details reminds me of how difficult it is to hold a reader 's attention for that long .
It 's rare that a novel of this length does n't stray into SF territory : with a lot of pages to fill ... why not make something up , the more outlandish the better ?
Then I started wondering :
What are the longest books in science fiction , and what do they promise for the insane person who tries to read them ?
We 've already covered books that span millions of years , and an e-novel , Marienbad My Love , that set a length record this summer , but what about the one - volume giants of the print world ?
Advertisement
The Book : Robert Burton 's 1861 catalog of his humanity , The Anatomy of Melancholy .
How long ? : 1,392 pages
Should I try to read it ? :
The Anatomy of Melancholy , here seen in its most recent addition by the New York Review of Books press , was the template for much experimentation in early speculative fiction .
Burton 's analysis of his own mind and body was revolutionary in itself , connecting science directly with fiction .
Still , it may not be the smoothest read : Burton 's long sentences go on and on ; it might well be best to use Melancholy purely as a reference tool when you 're feeling down .
Advertisement
The Book :
The actual title is The Story of the Vivian Girls , in What is known as the Realms of the Unreal , of the Glandeco - Angelinnian War Storm , Caused by the Child Slave Rebellion by Henry Darger , but it 's commonly referred to as In the Realms of the Unreal .
How long ? : 15,145 pages
Should I try to read it ? :
Its author , Henry Darger , spent most of his life as a janitor in Illinois , attending Mass several times every day .
Probably the most astonishing thing about the manuscript is that it was accompanied by several hundred pages of illustrations as well as a 5,000 page autobiography , and 10,000 pages of a sequel to The Realms of the Unreal .
Few have attempted to read The Realms of the Unreal , but it is reportedly a Christian science fiction / fantasy epic .
You can't exactly go out and buy this one in stores , but it 's good to know it 's out there .
For the curious , Jessica
Yu made a documentary about Darger in 2005 .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The Book : Ayn Rand 's Objectivist slugfest Atlas Shrugged How long ? : approximately 645,000 words and well over 1000 pages , depending on the edition Should I try to read it ? : Whittaker Chambers did n't like it much , but Rand 's last attempt at fiction is one of the biggest sellers ever , and the SF elements of its weird alternate present distinguish it from its more realistic predecessor , The Fountainhead .
Somehow the book contains a thirty page speech in it by hero John Galt .
One of Justice Clarence Thomas ' favorite novels , Atlas Shrugged might be better skimmed than actually read cover to cover .
Advertisement
The Book : The Stand How long , exactly ?
The 1990 uncut edition totaled 1141 pages .
Should I try to read it ? : Stephen King's
The Stand brought the long long - form to many mainstream readers who might not normally embark on such a quest .
Like most of King 's work , he capably draws together many disparate elements , including a biological super - weapon and a post - apocalyptic world .
The Stand might even be due for a comeback : King himself updated the dates in the book when he brought it out again in 1990 .
At our economy slowly crumbles , we might not have to make an adaption starring Steven Weber — we can live it for real .
Advertisement
The Book : Peter K. Hamilton space opera The Naked God How long ? :
For an author whose short novels comprise nearly 500 pages , The Naked God packs a extra-special punch .
At 1,174 pages , the last book in Peter K. Hamilton 's operatic Night 's Dawn trilogy is part of a larger whole , sized at 1.2 million words , begging the question of how he can expect any other writer to get up in the morning .
Should I try to read it ? :
This is a series that is such a whale it has its own plankton in the form of a helpful guidebook .
Unlike some of the other authors here , Hamilton 's book is meant to be read - it 's not just a space oddity .
Clear , polished prose helps , and the themes of this late 90s trilogy remain eerily prescient .
What 's the longest book you 've ever read , SF or not ?
The Troopergate Report
Following up on Steve ’s comments : I have read through the first 81 pages of the Troopergate report ( pdf ) .
( If you want to cut to the chase , read the findings , p. 8 , and the explanation of the first finding , pp. 48-68 . )
To my mind , what ’s interesting about the report is completely independent of what one thinks of Trooper Wooten .
If Wooten did something wrong , there are legal remedies for that fact .
It would , to my mind , be OK for Palin to ask someone to make sure that the investigation into his conduct had been thorough and fair , but it is not at all OK to try to use her power to strip him of his livelihood .
If Sarah Palin and her husband thought he was a threat to their family , the right response to that would be to make sure that the people Wooten had threatened had security .
( In fact , the report finds that she cut back her security detail . )
It is not to try to take away his job , which would , if anything , make him more likely to hurt people , not less .
And it is certainly not to fire Walt Monegan .
***
The Palins really seem to have had it in for Wooten .
This was obvious before — most people do n’t try to get someone fired just for kicks — but reading all the details makes it really clear .
The report lists nine people whom Todd Palin contacted about Wooten ; two say that he had “ numerous conversations ” and “ 10 - 20 x ” , respectively , and the report lists nine contacts with the other seven .
Sarah Palin contacted Monegan three times and another person twice ; and her Chief of Staff , Commissioner of Administration , Attorney General , and Director of Boards and Commissions all contacted people about Wooten .
That ’s a whole lot of contacts .
Enough to make this claim by Governor Palin seem not just false , but absurd :
“ Governor Palin says , “ All I know what the facts are and what the truth is .
And the truth is never was there any pressure put on Commissioner Monegan to hire or fire anybody . ” ”
It also makes it very hard to believe Palin ’s claim that she only became aware in mid-August that people in her administration had contacted Monegan and others about Wooten .
That might be true if all the contacts had come from Todd Palin .
But the idea that she was unaware not just that her husband was calling people , but that her Chief of Staff , Commissioner of Administration , Attorney General , and Director of Boards and Commissions were doing so , defies belief .
Moreover , the Palins seem to have had access to a private investigator ’s report on Wooten ( p. 18 ) .
And Todd Palin called people on several occasions to inform them of something Wooten seems to have done wrong that , absent a whole lot of coincidences , he could only have known if he was having Wooten followed , or if he was himself stalking Wooten .
Once he called to say that Wooten , who had been injured , was riding his snowmobile , that he ( Palin ) had pictures , and that he “ thought there might be some workers ’ compensation fraud issues . ” ( p. 29 . )
It turned out that Wooten had consulted with his doctor before going snowmobiling .
Another time , Todd Palin called to say that Wooten had been seen dropping his kids off at school in a marked police vehicle .
It turned out that Wooten had his supervisor ’s permission to do so .
( p. 32 . ) It ’s pretty strange .
Generally , the report makes it sound as though the Palins , especially Todd Palin , were just obsessed with Wooten , in a truly peculiar and creepy way .
In addition , both Palins treated their subordinates terribly .
As I said above , I can understand wanting to make sure that the initial investigation of Wooten had been fair and thorough .
If Sarah Palin had those concerns , it would have been fine for her to ask about them , provided she made it clear that she did not mean to pressure anyone .
Both the Colonel in charge of the investigation and Monegan took the Palins ’ initial inquiries in this way : as attempts to make sure that everything had been done right .
And had the Palins stopped there , there would be no problem .
But they did n’t .
And it is absolutely not OK to go on calling people about it even after those people have made it clear that they cannot do anything else , and that the Palins ’ continued contacts were inappropriate .
Walt Monegan warned Palin about further contact several times .
( “ Monegan : And I said ma’am , I need you to keep an arm ’s length at this — on this issue . ” ( p. 28 ) ) When her various subordinates called him about Wooten , he told them that if Wooten ever sued , their attempts to talk to him would be discoverable as evidence , and might make both the State of Alaska and them personally liable in court .
He was very , very clear about the need to back off , and the consequences of not doing so .
To my mind , you should not ask your subordinates to do something that violates the rules in the first place .
But if , for some reason , you do , and your subordinates tell you , correctly , that they cannot do it without violating the rules , and moreover that your continued efforts are exposing both you and them to legal liability , you back off .
Leaving aside any unfairness to Wooten , this is just completely unfair to your subordinates .
Many of us have either been asked by a superior to do something illegal or wrong , or know someone who was .
It ’s a horrible position to be in : to be asked to choose between your job and morality or the law .
A good boss will not put his subordinates in this position in the first place .
But no boss who had a shred of decency , or who saw her subordinates as people and not as mere underlings , would keep pressing after her subordinates had made it clear that they did not want to do it , or that they were uncomfortable doing something that was morally or legally wrong .
People who do this are just petty tyrants .
That ’s especially true in this case , when the Palins went on pressing after their subordinates had made it clear that they were not just uncomfortable being asked to do this , but were being exposed to legal liability .
Moreover , while I suppose there might be cases in which the stakes were high enough to justify this sort of behavior — in which , say , I had to ask a subordinate to do something illegal in order to save the planet from annihilation — doing it just to get your ex-brother - in - law fired is inexcusable .
***
This is , at bottom , a story about the rule of law , and the rules governing the exercise of political power .
If you accept those rules , then you think that people should be hired or fired based on their job performance , not on whether or not you personally have it in for them .
If they do something that actually merits firing , then they should be fired ; if not , not .
If you do n’t accept the rule of law , you might think that taking political power allows you to take any kind of vengeance you want on anyone who crosses you .
This includes not just your ex-brother - in - law , but perfectly good Public Safety Commissioners who do not do your bidding .
Not accepting those rules is wrong in its own right .
The state has enormous power , and one of the things that keeps it in check is that public officials are expected not to use it to advance personal vendettas .
Sarah and Todd Palin obviously disagree .
This fact alone should disqualify them from high office .
But it ’s also wrong because it prevents people from doing their actual jobs .
Firing Monegan because he would n’t fire Wooten obviously deprived Alaska of a perfectly good Public Safety Commissioner .
But besides that , every minute that Sarah Palin ’s staff spent talking to someone about Wooten , and every minute that Monegan and his subordinates had to spend listening to them , was a minute that they were not spending advancing the interests of the people of Alaska , who paid their salaries .
We pay public servants to advance our interests , not theirs .
When we discover that someone has put their interests above ours , we should punish them , at least if we want to give them any incentive to do their jobs right .
We should not reward bullies who try to use their power over their subordinates to advance their own agendas .
And if this report is at all accurate , Sarah and Todd Palin are bullies .
I ’m Steve Sinclair and I work at Digital Extremes .
I ’m scrawny with dry skin and male pattern baldness .
Despite all that – I ’m still smiling because I got to peek up BioShock ’s skirt !
By skirt I mean the source code .
For a programmer there is great joy in understanding .
Every time the Great Carmack open sources an id engine , I rush to the Interwebs and fill my brain with the glory .
I remember being astonished that they were using Huffman compression on their network stream for Quake 3 .
If I recall correctly , they ’d just capture a bunch of traffic and build the table out of it .
It was like profile - guided optimization for packets .
That ’s sublime right there .
Well , it was a bit odd , being the way I am , that the first thing I did when we got the BioShock build was … check the other ending .
Like a coward , I could never bring myself to harvest .
What kind of demented person can do that ?
Sure , I laugh when I light a Splicer on fire and she runs away screaming and then I shoot her in the head and beat her corpse with a wrench … but in my mind the freak deserved it .
The point I ’ve failed to make is this : learning more about the world of BioShock overwhelmed that programmer ’s impulse .
How about I say something on topic ?
BioShock on the PlayStation 3 !
My first task was to optimize the character ‘ skinning ’ .
For Bioshock , a lot of resources go into the character animation – here ‘ skinning ’ refers to the process of taking the various animated joints ( spine , elbows , knees , wrists , etc ) and deforming the rendered character to match that animation .
Skinning was coded for PS3 in two phases : first I made it work on the main CPU ( actually Sony calls their CPU a PPU ) using their specialized math instruction set ( much faster than straight up C / C ++ ) .
That was about four times faster , but the PS3 still had more love .
That love was the final step , take that code and run it entirely on a SPU , freeing up the PPU for other tasks .
The SPU processors run along side the PPU , chewing data while the PPU worries about something else .
The idea being , if you have spare SPU time , your skinning is essentially ‘ free ’ ( done before the rendering system even asks for it ) .
After that was working , I helped out with profiling and memory optimization .
Things you want to do when you change memory architectures , like adding a second straw to your milkshake .
In this amazing analogy the two straws would be the collision system and the rendering system .
The ‘ milkshake ’ ( chocolate ) would be the objects in the world that need to be drawn but , just as importantly , shot , knocked over and generally interacted with .
By dividing the data describing the objects between the two dedicated areas of memory I eliminated the need to make a second copy of the object while giving both systems full - speed access to the parts they needed .
As we wrapped , I was slogging on TRC issues ( not fun ) and crashes ( quite fun actually ) .
Such are the tasks of taking it the last mile … as usual it comes down to some nuanced and hard to nail down issues .
Well , enough of my technical jargon for now – thanks for reading .
I hope you enjoy BioShock on PlayStation 3 .
It was an honor to be able to contribute to it .
Almost $ 5 million in funding has been given to an early planning program for the development of Australia 's next generation of submarine .
Defence Minister Joel Fitzgibbon announced plans for the $ 4.67 million study into what Australia 's submarines could look like in 2025 .
" Submarines provide a vital military capability for Australia .
A key Defence election commitment for this Government is focused on carefully planning for Australia 's next generation of submarine , " he said .
" I am therefore pleased to announce that I have recently approved funding of $ 4.67 million for a program of studies in support of the acquisition of Australia 's future submarines . "
The study will be managed by a project office operating under the joint supervision of Capability Development Group and the Defence Materiel Organisation .
Mr Fitzgibbon says that 17 people will manage the Future Submarine Project , designated SEA 1000 , with plans for the project to expand over the years .
" Through these studies , Defence will engage industry to assist development of the project acquisition strategy for Government consideration in the second half of 2009 , " he said .
" Work on the concept design of the future submarine will commence in 2010 , leading to further consideration by Government in 2011 .
" This is yet another demonstration that this Government is committed to ensuring that Australia 's future Defence capabilities are carefully considered and well - planned . "
The future submarine is expected to enter service around 2025 when the Navy 's Collins Class submarines will begin to be withdrawn from service .
A goat rising on its hind legs to eat from a tree , depicted moment - to - moment around the circumference of a 5.000 - year old drinking goblet from Persia , discovered at the site of the Burnt City in the Sistan va Baluchestan province in southeastern Iran .
The picture is small , but there ’s no denying the efficient and charming cartooning at work here .
It ’s part of an exhibition that just opened at Iran ’s National Museum in Tehran , entitled “ 10.000 years Persian Culture and Civilization ” .
More here .
Thanks to Mike Rhode for the pointer .
109 Things Not to Say at a Job Interview
( Originally appeared in Radar , February 2008 )
# 1 . “ Sorry I ’m late .
I could have sworn you said ‘ San Francisco . ’ ”
# 2. [ Winking ]
“ Golly , I have no idea how that ten dollar bill just appeared on your desk . ”
# 3 . “ Can we wrap this up ?
I ’d really hate to hit rush hour . ”
# 4 . “ Just out of curiosity , how long do you caché visited websites ? ”
# 5 . “ Do me a kindness , and scratch beneath my carpal - tunnel splints ? ”
# 6 . “ My work ethic is so strong , it ’s practically Asian . ”
# 7 . “ Let ’s try that again , and this time shake my hand like you ’ve got a pair . ”
# 8 . “ Would it possible to be paid in cash ?
I ’m kind of laying low right now . ”
# 9 . “ Do I have any questions ?
Why , yes I do .
What in the hell is this Microsoft Word everyone keeps talking about ? ”
# 10 . “ You got a bottle opener in that big ol ’ fancy drawer ? ”
# 11 . “ My last boss hid spy - cameras in the crapper .
Look me in the eye and promise you wo n’t do that . ”
# 12 . “ Ever seen that Sharon Stone scene in Basic Instinct ?
Allow me to refresh your memory . . . ”
# 13 . “ My motto : Work hard , play hard — or as the Nazis might say , Arbeit Macht Frei . ”
# 14 . “ Lemme just finish scooping out this pumpkin , and then I ’ll get to your questions . ”
# 15 . “ Hold on –almost lost it in my diaper .
Ha ha ! ( whispering ) Nerves . ”
# 16 . “ Does this DYKE tattoo on my forehead conform with your dress code ? ”
# 17 . “ Think of me as the Hamburger Helper to your skillet of ground workload . ”
# 18 . “ I ’m just looking to make one last big score before I get out of the game .
And I ’d love to do that right here at Applebee’s . ”
# 19 . “ Funny , everyone who reads my resume always hones right in on the manslaughter part . ”
# 20 . “ What has two thumbs and totally loves commodities trading ?
This guy ! ”
# 21 . “ Oh , I see .
But it ’s fine if a black person like you says it . ”
# 22 . “ Before we begin , how fucking hot was Dr. McDreamy last night ? ”
# 23 . “ Sorry , I have to answer this .
Could be a job . ”
# 24 . “ Is that a picture of your family ?
Your wife ’s uterus must be totally blown out . ”
# 25 . “ If you do n’t mind me asking , what exactly is it you all do here at NASA ? ”
# 26 . “ Would n’t it be more fun if we conducted this interview on my lap ? ”
# 27 . “ Help a brother out .
I ’ve been out of work so long I ’ve got blue balls for this gig . ”
# 28 . “ Do you have a mint ?
I ’m pretty sure my breath is still stanky from last night ’s lovin’ . ”
# 29 . “ I ’m not big on couches .
Cool if I cop a squat ? ”
# 30 . “ You ’ve got the body .
I ’ve got the brains . ”
# 31 . “ For my personal reference , is it okay if I only know the guy ’s Xbox gamer tag ? ”
# 32 . “ I bet you ’ll be chuffed to know you ’d be hiring an extremely skilled knife fighter . ”
# 33 . “ I can explain that three - year gap in my employment history with two simple words : H.O.R.D.E. Tour ”
# 34 . “ If you Google me , just be forewarned that there ’s a sexual predator who happens to share my name and Facebook page . ”
# 35 . “ Sure , I value a diverse workplace .
Your kind deserves a leg up . ”
# 36 . “ I ’m just going to apologize in advance for the projectile vomiting .
It ’s okay – I brought my own sick - bag . ”
# 37 . “ What time is it ?
Four ?
Shit !
Where ’s the closest airport ? ”
# 38 . “ Before we begin , would you mind if I cranked ‘ Lose Yourself ’ ? ”
# 39 . “ Just out of curiosity , is that sore on my forehead still running ? ”
# 40 . “ You ’re not going to make me take one of those fucking anger management seminars , are you ? ”
# 41 . “ Mind if I bunk here ‘ til I straighten my housing situation out ? ”
# 42 . “ What part of ‘ I ’ve never held a job for more than three days ’ do n’t you understand ? ”
# 43 . “ Realistically , how much weight can your desk support ? ”
# 44 . “ As far as long - term goals go , I ’d just love to own an electric toothbrush . ”
# 45 . “ Can we put this on speakerphone ?
My lawyer wants to be involved . ”
# 46 . “ I think I can best answer that with the following tambourine solo . ”
# 47 . “ If I smell like deep - dish pizza , it ’s just because I love it so goddamn much . ”
# 48 . “ Let ’s just cut straight to the chase : who and where is the office slut ? ”
# 49 . “ I ’m assuming you ’ll pay me for watching my stories at lunch ? ”
# 50 . “ My qualifications ?
Is n’t that one of those prejudicial questions you ’re not allowed to ask ? ”
# 51 . “ You do n’t have like three dollars , do you ?
I ’ll hit you back when you hire me . ”
# 52 . “ It ’s called a waggle dance , and it ’s my way of saying , ‘ Make me your worker bee ! ’ ”
# 53 . “ You should probably keep your distance .
I ’ve been targeted by the Mossad . ”
# 54 . “ I do n’t like to brag about competitive offers , but let ’s just say I ’ve had some interest from a company that rhymes with Flurger Cling . ”
# 55 . “ When I said a retard could do this job , of course I meant a highly functioning retard . ”
# 56 . “ I ’d like to put the ‘ Christ ’ back in ‘ AT&T . ’ ”
# 57 . “ I look forward to joining the team , and eventually humiliating you into an early retirement . ”
# 58 . “ If the preparation instructions for Lean Cuisine lasagna count as a book , then , yes , I have a favorite book . ”
# 59 . “ You ’re over there actin ’ like the biggest bull in the train yard , and here I ’m the one been crowned Hobo King ! ”
# 60 . “ To be honest , as soon as I earn enough money for my calf implants , I ’m gone . ”
# 61 . “ Can I keep this pen ?
How about this lamp ?
This phone ? ”
# 62 “ It ’s not that I prefer to work independently ; it always just seems to end up that way . ”
# 63 . ( Noticing framed diploma ) “ Hey , that was my safety school ! ”
# 64 . ( Noticing second diploma )
“ And hey !
That was my safety grad- school ! ”
# 65 . “ I ’ll take off the hat when the Cubbies win the Series , and not a day sooner . ”
# 66 . “ I did n’t finish college but , do n’t worry –I did n’t start it , either . ”
# 67 . “ I think you ’ll find I ’m a real team player , as long as no one touches my hair . ”
# 68 . “ I can type three words a minute .
( Deep computer voice ) Go. To. Hell . ”
# 69 . “ I just need to make enough money to stop hating myself for selling out . ”
# 70 . “ It ’s not that I ’m unwilling to travel , it ’s just this whole statute of limitations thing . ”
# 71 . “ I guess I should ’ve proofread my resume more carefully .
I ’m actually ‘ Sara ’ without an ‘ h ’ . ”
# 72 . “ What you ca n’t get from reading my resume is all the stuff I deliberately omitted . ”
# 73 .
“ Does your health plan cover abortions ?
If so , can I start today ? ”
# 74 . “ Does it always smell like onion dip in here ? ”
# 75 . “ I have excellent problem - solving skills . . . or , as my previous employer liked to call it , ‘ an amazing left hook . ’ ”
# 76 . ( pulling out ear bud )
“ Cool if we start in a sec ?
I ’m listening to ‘ Sex Type Thing ’ and it ’s right where STP goes effin ’ nuts . ”
# 77 . “ What do you think of my monocle ?
Choose your words very carefully . ”
# 78 . “ As any of my co-workers can tell you , I forward the best Internet links . ”
# 79 . “ I ’m devoting tonight ’s blog entry to the problems with your teeth . ”
# 80 . “ Yes , I ’m that Scooter Libby . ”
# 81 . “ I have interpersonal skills out the poop shoot . ”
# 82 . “ Is n’t it festive ?
It ’s a probation - tracking - bracelet . ”
# 83 . “ The irony is that people say I look stupid in my Mensa T - shirt . ”
# 84 . “ I emerged from my 30 - year coma and came straight here . ”
# 85 . “ Do you believe in fairies ?
How about if they ’re evil ? ”
# 86 . “ I ’ll work as many hours as it takes to make you notice how many hours I ’m working . ”
# 87 . “ If I could be any historical figure , I suppose I ’d be Skeletor . ”
# 88 . “ Instead of all this chit - chat , ca n ’t we just enjoy a comfortable silence ? ”
# 89 . “ I really look forward to abandoning my dreams at your corporation . ”
# 90 . “ Each of my personalities will require its own compensation package . ”
# 91 . “ Will the office have room for my steel drums ? ”
# 92 . “ I ’ve yet to encounter an employee dispute that ca n’t be resolved with a tickle fight . ”
# 93 .
“ When work flow gets stressful , I ’ll just close my eyes , take a deep breath , and totally fucking go off . ”
# 94 . “ My ideal supervisor would be a surrogate for the Mommy who never had time for me . ”
# 95 . “ How ’s it feel to be in the presence of a squash champion ? ”
# 96 . “ Man , I can almost smell your money from here . ”
# 97 . “ I work incredibly well under pressure . . . as long as I do n’t cheek my meds . ”
# 98 . “ I did n’t go to business school , but I do know every line from The Secret to My Success by heart . ”
# 99 .
“ Why do you have a typewriter connected to your TV set ? ”
# 100 .
“ Can you believe they ’re touring again ?
Who ?
WHO ?!
THE FUCKING EAGLES !
WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK ??!!! ”
# 101 .
“ Full disclosure : I have a hamster .
Will my workspace be Habitrail - friendly ? ”
# 102 .
“ Where I come from , that kind of question can get you shot . ”
# 103 .
“ See this ?
It ’s a clitoris stud .
Deal with it . ”
# 104 .
“ Wanna see my hand jive ? ”
# 105 .
“ Do you have a secret prison in the basement like they do at Disney World ? ”
# 106 .
“ I ’ll bet that desk of yours could tell some stories . . . stories about ferocious fucking . ”
# 107 . ( reaching in pocket ) “ Slice of bacon ? ”
# 108 .
“ Is it cool if I live - blog this interview ? ”
# 109 .
“ I have one more special skill not listed on my résumé and I can show it to you now , if you ’ll just draw the curtains . ”
–with Todd Levin , Jason Roeder , and Ted Travelstead
No more than a few dozen people have been lucky enough to get their hands on a Tesla Roadster , but if any one of them wants something even more exclusive , the guys at Brabus can give their car warp drive .
The German tuning haus best known for building tricked - out , souped - up Mercedes coupes and sedans went to town on a Roadster , decking it out with all manner of carbon - fiber gee - gaws , adding some lightweight wheels and slathering it with matte white paint .
There was n't much Brabus could do for the drivetrain — it 's not as if Brabus wants to start messing around with electric motors and lithium - ion batteries — so it settled for installing what it calls a " space sound generator " to mimic the sound of a V8 engine , a race - tuned engine or what Brabus describes as " two futuristic soundscapes named ' Beam ' and ' Warp . ' "
We swear we 're not making this up .
Brabus says the space sound generator was designed " to give the sports car a more exciting sound , " and notes " the volume of the sound is dependent upon the momentary power output of the electric motor . "
In other words , the faster you go , the louder it gets .
We have no idea what " beam " and " warp " sound like because Brabus did n't provide any MP3s , but we hope " beam " sounds like George Jetson 's space car and " warp " sounds like a TIE fighter .
The silly science fiction extends to the interior , where Brabus installed " entrance lights shaped like futuristic space lights , " whatever those are .
That said , the rest of the interior looks great — we love the white trim inserts , and the Alcantara dash is hot .
Exterior tweaks include a carbon - fiber accents on the front apron , side air inlets and rear diffuser .
There 's a custom carbon - fiber wing , and those Brabus wheels ( 18 inches up front , 19 in the back ) wrapped with low - rolling resistance Pirellis look sharp .
Ditto the matte white paint .
Brabus tweaked the Tesla for the upcoming Essen Motor Show , which is the German equivalent to the big SEMA auto trade show here in the states .
No word on what the tuned Tesla will run , but if you can afford $ 109,000 for a stock Roadster , you probably are n't worried about it .
Photos by Brabus .
The longest and most expensive presidential race in history drew at last to a frantic , frenzied close last night , with Barack Obama and John McCain hopscotching across America , panning for the final errant votes in key battleground states and trading eleventh - hour attacks on the economy , jobs and environmental policy .
In the final hours of the campaign , Mr Obama meanwhile found himself distracted by personal bereavement , announcing that his 86 - year - old grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , had died after a battle with cancer .
He said that he learnt of her death yesterday morning while he was still campaigning in Jacksonville , Florida .
" She was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility , " he said in a joint statement with his half sister , Maya Setoro - Ng .
" She was the person who encouraged us and allowed us to take chances . "
Mr McCain issued condolences to his opponent on hearing the news .
" Our thoughts and prayers go out to them as they remember and celebrate the life of someone who had such a profound impact in their lives , " the statement by John and Cindy McCain said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Last month , Obama took a break from campaigning and flew to Hawaii to be with Dunham as her health declined but yesterday he planned to complete his campaign commitments .
At least one million people are expected to converge on Grant Park in downtown Chicago tonight , hoping to witness Mr Obama taking the stage in the day 's dwindling hours to declare victory and to celebrate becoming the first African American to capture the land 's highest office .
With the soaring skyline of the Chicago Loop and the pale waters of Lake Michigan as the backdrop , the event site featured a large catwalk - style stage for Mr Obama to make his address .
For the first time , it featured two tall bulletproof glass barriers on either side of the podium , amid heightened concerns for his safety .
While the polls continued to give the fuller wind to the Democrat , his Republican opponent stayed scrapping to the end , embarking on a gruelling 17 - hour swing through Pennsylvania , Indiana , New Mexico , Colorado and Nevada .
Mr McCain will wind up his campaign with a rally in Prescott , Arizona , this morning before presiding over his own election night party in a Phoenix hotel .
" There is one day left until we take America in a new direction my friends , " Mr McCain said , his only hope for victory resting on capturing nearly all the remaining undecided voters and additionally peeling away some of Mr Obama 's supporters .
He is also counting on the base of his own party coming out and defying the enthusiasm gap between Republicans and Democrats .
That so few turned up to see him yesterday was an ill omen – George Bush drew a crowd of 14,000 for an eve-of - election event in the same Tampa venue four years ago , Mr McCain barely managed 1,000 .
Mr Obama , whose blitz of media interviews yesterday took him even into the territory of young men and visible underwear – he told MTV he wished young men would keep the waistbands of their jeans somewhere close to their waists – kicked his day off in Jacksonville , Florida , in an arena where , weeks before , Mr McCain asserted that the fundamentals of the US economy remained " sound " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Obama mocked the now infamous economic analysis of his rival .
" Florida , you and I know that 's not only fundamentally wrong , it also sums up the fact that he is so out of touch , " the Illinois senator declared , triggering a ripple of jeering from the crowd .
" You do n't need to boo , " he replied without pause .
" You just need to vote . "
Officials in many states are bracing for polling stations to be swamped and legal challenges to be launched if the results are close .
A record turnout is expected after a 21 - month marathon that has gripped America like no election in generations .
As many as one - third of all ballots had been cast even before today as more states than ever allowed early voting .
Offering possible encouragement to the Obama camp , officials in most of those states reported that a heavy majority of those who got in line early described themselves as Democrats .
Little separated most eve- of - voting polls .
Among the last polls , Fox News gave Mr Obama 50 per cent nationally to 43 per cent for Mr McCain .
An NBC / Wall Street Journal poll gave Mr Obama a 51 - to - 43 lead .
How long it will be before the country and the world knows which way voters have gone will depend on whether Mr Obama achieves the blowout some expect or if tonight turns out to be a nail - biter .
The first clues will come at the closing of the polls in Indiana ( at 11 pm GMT ) and Virginia one hour later .
Both states historically vote Republican but are thought to be in play tonight .
Also under the microscope will be Pennsylvania , a state with 21 electoral college votes that Mr McCain really has to win if he is to have any hope of stopping the Obama tide but where polls have persistently shown him behind .
The passion felt by the supporters of each candidate may be more intense than anybody can remember ; thus terrible disappointment is now just hours away for one set of supporters .
Officials in Chicago , Mr Obama 's home town where he will watch the returns tonight , know that Grant Park – the lakeside patch of grass that was the site of clashes between police and anti-Vietnam War protesters in 1968 – might be the scene of one of the biggest victory parties the world has ever witnessed – or the world 's biggest , most disconsolate political wake .
Earlier today @mubix ( Twitter ) asked :
Anyone got a good analogy to describe SQL Injection to people who do n’t understand what a “ back end ” is , much less a SELECT statement ?
Here ’s my response :
SQL Injection is like a telephone operator who has to phonetically relay verbal speech between two people who cannot be connected , in a language the operator does n’t understand .
The problem is that the operator has no way of knowing if she ’s telling the person on the other side , “ Happy Birthday ” , or giving them instructions on how to kill themselves .
I ’m not sure if that ’s useful only to geeks who already understand SQL Injection , or if it ’s usable to muggles ( which was the point ) .
Anyway , that ’s my go at it , @mubix . :
Judge Garzon is famous for crimes - against - humanity cases A Spanish judge has launched a criminal investigation into the fate of tens of thousands of people who vanished during the civil war and Franco dictatorship .
Judge Baltasar Garzon - Spain 's top investigating judge - has also ordered several mass graves to be opened .
One is believed to contain the remains of the poet Federico Garcia Lorca , who was murdered by fascist forces at the start of the war in the 1930s .
Correspondents say the historic ruling will be controversial in Spain .
They say there has been a tacit agreement among political parties not to delve too deeply into the civil war and Franco era .
In his 68 - page ruling , Judge Garzon says that Francoists carried out " illegal permanent detentions " which he says falls within the definition of crimes against humanity .
Controversial step
He refers to 114,000 people who disappeared during a 15 - year period after the outbreak of war in 1936 .
The BBC's Steve Kingstone , in Madrid , says that never before has Spain 's civil war been investigated by a judge .
And in using the phrase " crime against humanity " Judge Garzon is taking a highly controversial step .
Judge Garzon told the BBC : " These days , crimes against humanity are a burning issue , wherever you look in the world , be it Afghanistan , Iraq or Darfur - enough countries to make you realise that this theme never ceases to make the news , just as the fight against this scar , this impunity never ceases .
" And if we are referring to the investigations being carried out in Spain in relation to universal justice or eras gone by , then justice needs to follow its course within the parameters of the law .
That is what we judges try to do . "
Survivors of the civil war Falange movement may face prosecution
The civil war was triggered by the military uprising of General Francisco Franco , whose supporters are said to have systematically eliminated left - wing opponents , even after the war was won in 1939 .
Judge Garzon 's document names Gen Franco and 34 of his senior aides as the instigators of the alleged crimes .
He even asks that their death certificates be produced , to prove that they can no longer face prosecution .
The judge has also asked Spain 's interior ministry to provide names of senior members of the fascist Falange Party , which supported Franco , with a view to possible prosecutions .
He has ordered the opening of 19 mass graves , believed to contain victims of the Franco regime .
The remains of the poet Lorca are thought to be buried in the southern province of Granada .
Judge Garzon is famous for bringing crimes - against - humanity cases against figures such as former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet .
Last year he was asked by the families of some of those who vanished during the Spanish civil war or during Franco 's dictatorship to help find the remains of their loved ones , and clarify the circumstances of their deaths .
An estimated 500,000 people died in the civil war .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
万博手机登录平台_万博网页版注册_万博彩票app客户端下载
The requested URL was not found on this server .
Sorry for the inconvenience .
Please report this message and include the following information to us .
Thank you very much !
Some scandalized lawmakers may be facing the boot Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday November 4 , 2008
Print This Email This As Americans head to the polls today , many of the issues that preoccupied them just two years ago -- like the Iraq War -- are nowhere on the horizon .
Roll Call ( sub. req. ) points out that the question of Congressional scandals is also notable by its absence .
" It s a pale carbon copy of the issue it was two years ago , " notes Roll Call contributing writer Stuart Rothenberg .
" The then - Democratic minority sought in the 2006 cycle to highlight Republicans ' relations with lobbyists , including the disgraced Jack Abramoff , and used the ' culture of corruption ' mantra as one of its primary campaign themes , " Roll Call notes .
" Bill Allison , senior fellow at the Sunlight Foundation , said that ethics is not playing a large part in national campaign talking points [ in 2008 ] because both parties have ethical problems they would prefer not to talk about . "
Ethics questions involving politicians of both parties could still play a role in individuals races , however .
Some of the more ethically - challenged members have declined to run for re-election , often leaving their would - be successors of the same party at a disadvantage , while others face relatively minor charges that do not appear to be affecting their popularity .
However , several incumbents were highlighted by Roll Call as likely to be significantly impacted by ethics issues .
Among them :
Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) has just been convicted of a felony for failing to report hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts , and his own party leaders have called on him to resign .
Sen . Don Young ( R - AK ) has been accused of improprieties involving federal earmarks and his ties to an oil services firm .
Rep. Vern Buchanan ( R - FL ) has been the target of lawsuits alleging fraud and campaign finance violations at car dealerships he owns , though he still leads in the polls .
Rep. Tim Mahoney ( D - FL ) , who succeeded the scandal - plagued Mark Foley , now has his own sex scandal underway , involving multiple extramarital affairs .
Rep. Tom Feeney ( R - FL ) is still shadowed by his relationship with Jack Abramoff and faces a well - funded Democratic challenger .
Rep. William Jefferson ( D - LA ) is currently on trial for corruption and still has to deal with a primary runoff in his own party .
Sen. Norm Coleman ( R - MN ) has been accused of evading financial disclosure rules through a donor 's payment to a firm which employs his wife , but challenger Al Franken has his own problems with a tangle of unpaid , underpaid , and even overpaid income taxes .
Rep. Charlie Rangel ( D - NY ) is being probed by a House ethics subcommittee for financial disclosure issues , but is still expected to gain easy reelection .
Rep. Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) is in trouble over federal earmarks steered to a firm run by family members .
A complete list of the scandal - plagued lawmakers can be read in the full ( sub. req . ) Roll Call article here .
RIDGEWOOD , N.J. – Car enthusiasts will have plenty to admire when the Ridgewood Chamber of Commerce 's annual car show takes place next month .
The car show , which takes place downtown , features exotic and classic cars .
It 's scheduled for Sept. 11 .
The Chamber asks car owners to place their certificates on the windshield of their car as they enter the show .
The entrance is located off Franklin Avenue onto North Walnut Street , between Stop & Shop and TD Bank .
Parking will be on a first - come first serve basis .
The Ridgewood Police Department wants to remind all participants that alcohol is not allowed at the event .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
" Stop standing around , people , we 've got a fashion shoot to do !
Steve , I need you to move the herd of zebras to the left , they 're blocking the Christmas trees .
Trapeze artists , dangle a little lower , I can't get you in frame .
Whoa , that 's enough makeup on the ballerinas , Marcie , we 're going for the natural look here .
OK , people — let 's make a statement !
( Hm , I think I 'll give this shot an F - 17 with 800 ISO and 99 44/100 percent hydro- jammaframmitz . ) "
Found on Teh Intartubes .
That 's an Echidna , for those who do n't know .
Sign up for our COVID - 19 newsletter to stay up - to - date on the latest coronavirus news throughout New York City
Brownstone Brooklyn pols in city and state government are on the front lines of the battle to stop Mayor Bloomberg from getting a third term — but their motives might have as much to do with their own political ambition as it does with civic virtue .
Following a week of tumult in city government , a Brooklyn state legislator jumped into the chaos produced by a Bloomberg bill that would allow the mayor and other city elected officials to run for a third term .
Bloomberg ’s bill does not call for a public referendum on the issue , despite the fact that term limits were twice ratified by public plebicites in 1993 and 1996 .
Assemblyman Hakeem Jeffries ( D–Fort Greene ) said he will introduce a bill next month that , if enacted , would force any changes to the current term - limit law to go before the voters in a referendum .
“ If the City Council does not do the right thing and put forward a referendum on term limits , then the state legislature should step in on behalf of the public and stand up for democracy , ” Jeffries said on Wednesday .
Jeffries ’s announcement followed a rally led by Councilwoman Letitia James ( D–Clinton Hill ) and Councilman Bill DeBlasio ( D–Park Slope ) — both of whom support a public referendum rather than a council rubber stamp of the mayor ’s bill .
Brownstone Brooklyn ’s other councilmember , David Yassky ( D–Brooklyn Heights ) , who is the midst of his own campaign for comptroller , has not taken a position on the mayor ’s proposal .
If the mayor succeeds , Yassky could run again for his council seat .
James and DeBlasio may have good reasons for wanting term limits to stay just the way they are : James is not among the 35 councilmembers facing expulsion next year , so she would be a front - runner for speaker if more senior council members are thrown out at the end of 2009 .
And DeBlasio is already the lead candidate to succeed Borough President Markowitz if term limits force Markowitz into ( what he would consider ) early retirement .
Both denied that what they might gain plays a role here .
“ I ’ve got a lot of projects in my district that I ’m working on and am not interested in running for speaker , ” said James , who came to the Council after winning a special election after the assassination of James Davis in 2003 .
Even if she does not run for speaker , her seniority would give her added power and perks at City Hall .
DeBlasio told The Brooklyn Paper last week that he ’s running for Markowitz ’s seat whether the formidable borough president is in the race or not — though few think he ’d actually take on the powerful and popular Beep if term limits are scrapped .
Markowitz , for his part , is aggressively campaigning for the term - limit change so that he can run again for what he typically calls “ the only job I ever wanted . ”
DeBlasio did n’t talk about his political future at a rally that he and James led on Monday , choosing instead to talk up his bill that would allow the public to decide on term limits .
“ There is still ample time on the clock to go through this process the right way , ” DeBlasio said .
“ I am drafting legislation to establish a Charter Revision Commission that could put the question of term limits on the ballot this spring . ”
Though DeBlasio and James would probably have brighter futures if they can beat back the push to extend term limits by council fiat , good government advocates say they are not necessarily acting out of self - interest in the proverbial smoke - filled rooms .
“ Untangling everyone ’s motives is difficult , ” said Gene Russianoff , from the New York Public Interest Research Group .
“ There ’s obviously a pinball game with lots of things bouncing around . ”
He pointed out that DeBlasio and James are on the right side of opinion polls that show the public believes a plebiscite is the proper way to alter the regulations .
This sounds like something straight out of a James Bond movie but no , it 's real and it's your government :
Those way out engineers at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) want to build an aircraft that 's as capable of zipping through the sky as it is underwater .
The agency 's Submersible Aircraft research project is exploring the possibility of making an aircraft that can maneuver underwater with the goal of revolutionizing the US Department of Defense 's ability to , for example , bring warfighters and equipment to coastal locations or enhance rescue operations .
DARPA said that the concept being evaluated here is for a submersible aircraft , not a flying submarine .
It is expected that the platform will spend the bulk of its time in the air and will only spend short periods of time submerged according to the agency .
According to DARPA : " The difficulty with developing such a craft come from the diametrically opposed requirements that exist for an airplane and a submarine .
While the primary goal for airplane designers is to try and minimize weight , a submarine must be extremely heavy in order to submerge underwater .
In addition , the flow conditions and the systems designed to control a submarine and an airplane are radically different , due to the order of magnitude difference in the densities of air and water . "
There are some major requirements of such a craft , DARPA said , including :
Flight :
The minimal required airborne tactical radius of the sub - plane is 1000 nautical miles ( nm ) .
The minimum surface tactical radius is 100 nautical miles .
The minimum subsurface tactical range is 12 nautical miles .
Note that the ranges quoted are one - way ranges .
The platform would need to be able to fly to a location , insert and extract personnel without refueling and this would require the total operational range to be 1000 nm airborne , 200 nm surface , 24 nm under water .
Loiter :
The platform should be capable of loitering in a sea-state five , in theater between inserting and extracting personnel for up to 3 days ( 72 hours ) .
The craft does not need to be submerged during loitering operations ; it can operate at the surface .
Payload :
The platform should be capable of transporting 8 operators , as well as all of their equipment , with a total cargo weight of 2000 pounds .
Depth :
The operating depth of the platform will be constrained by balancing the need to reduce depth in order to minimize structural loads and snorkel complexity with the need to increase depth in order to minimize any potential signatures that could be generated by perturbing the free surface .
The effect that the submerged platform will have on the free surface is exponentially proportional to the depth , therefore the platform should be able to operate at a relatively shallow depth and only have the snorkel affect the free surface .
Speed :
The speed of the platform in each mode of operation must allow the system to complete a tactical transit ( 1000 nm airborne , 100 nm surface , 12 nm sub- surface ) trip in less than 8 hours .
This 8 hour time must include any time required by the platform to reconfigure between modes of operation .
DARPA acknowledges the difficulties in designing such a craft and said that prior attempts to demonstrate a vehicle with the maneuverability of both a submersible and an aircraft have primarily explored approaches that would endow flight capability to platforms that were largely optimized for underwater operation .
Unfortunately these prior attempts have been unsuccessful largely because the design requirements for a submersible and an aircraft are diametrically opposed .
Interestingly there was a patent issued in 2007 to Gennady Ploshkin , for a disc - shaped aircraft that could take off like a helicopter and submerge like a sub .
There have been other sub - plane designs as well .
Probably the most famous flying sub was in the TV show Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea .
Ubuntu is now the most prominent Linux distribution perhaps due to its philosophy of creating ' ” Linux for humans ” and targeting the consumer first and foremost .
With a regular 6 monthly release Ubuntu has been making leaps and bounds and the last release , Hardy Heron , began to make Linux actually look like a real alternative to Windows .
The new 8.10 release is called Intrepid Ibex and has 10 days to go before an official release .
Currently you can download the beta to try from the Ubuntu website .
I have to admit , I was a little disappointed with this release .
Primarily the difference between this release and Hardy Heron is a lot of bug fixes , some performance improvements , better hardware support , improved ‘ connectivity ’ features and a fairly horrible new ‘ human theme ’ .
In essence it ’s the kind of ‘ service pack ’ release that Microsoft provides .
I was actually hoping for some dramatic interface improvements , however I can only assume these are still being developed .
Mark Shuttleworth ( the founder of Ubuntu ) has made the comment that he does n’t yet feel Ubuntu is ready for the average end - user at this point .
He strongly believes in open - source software , but until Ubuntu provides the kind of experience Windows or Apple does he would not recommend people to try it for the first time :
“ There ’s also recognition for the scale of the challenge that faces us .
When I laid out the goal of “ delivering a user experience that can compete with Apple in two years ” at OSCON , I had many questions afterwards about how on earth we could achieve that .
“ Everyone scratches their own itch , how can you possibly make the UI consistent ? ” was a common theme .
And it ’s true - the free software desktop is often patchy and inconsistent .
But I see the lack of consistency as both a weakness ( GNOME , OpenOffice and Firefox all have different UI toolkits , and it ’s very difficult to make them seamless ) and as a strength - people are free to innovate , and the results are world - leading .
Our challenge is to get the best of both of those worlds . ”
“ All of this has me tapdancing to work in the mornings , because we ’re sketching out really interesting ideas for user interaction in Launchpad and in the desktop .
The team has come together very nicely , and I ’m thoroughly enjoying the processes , brainstorming and prototyping .
I ca n’t wait to see those ideas landing in production ! ”
All of this must mean that Ubuntu ’s new interface is still coming , perhaps for the next 6 monthly release , I look forward to when it does .
Till then Intrepid Ibex provides some good under - the - hood updates , the rapid boot time and lightening fast shut - down are particularly impressive .
Hardware support , Linux ’s biggest issue , has for most purposes been solved .
Now the focus is on the next biggest problem – the interface and user experience , something I ’m confident they will eventually solve equally well .
Advertisement
The 221B Baker Street illustration
I first drew the 221B Baker Street illustration in pen and ink in 1995 .
At that time I read the entire collection of sixty Sherlock Holmes stories twice in a row , back to back , and took notes of every detail I could find of the Baker Street flat which began to take shape in my imagination .
In the years since that time , this illustration has appeared on many other other web sites , and in various languages including Sherlockian - Sherlock.com and Smithsonian.com .
It has also appeared in print publications around the world such as the Financial Times in London .
This is the only depiction I know of that deals with the challenges found in The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone and reconciles them with the various descriptions found in other stories .
If one could just ignore that story , then constructing a floor plan would be very easy -- and most reconstructions of the Baker Street have apparently done just that .
The Baker Street illustration published in Strand Magazine in 1950 addresses some of the problems in The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone but does n't deal with details found in other stories .
I 've posted my notes on every detail I 've found so you can judge for yourself .
If you rotate illustration , new elements will jump out at you .
But there is no need to flip your computer :
This is the new improved version
This is a new version , finally completed in 2008 , thirteen years after the first version .
During that time I have read these stories again and again , and have listened to them countless times in audio book form and have come across more details which should have been reflected in the illustration ( these have also been added to the notes below ) .
So I cleaned up the original art , removed the parchment background ( which obscured details and pointed to an era earlier than the 19th century ) added new items , and re-created or moved existing items .
In the new version you can clearly see Watson 's revolver in the open drawer of his desk as well as the relics from criminal ( and non-criminal ) cases scattered about , some of them mentioned in the stories ( see if you can find the rock used as a murder weapon in The Boscombe Valley Mystery , the box with severed ears from The Adventure of the Cardboard Box , and the mask from The Adventure of the Yellow Face ) .
Part of the masthead ( Times ) is now readable on the newspaper on the table .
I have added shelves next to Watson 's chair containing the American Encyclopedia as described in The Five Orange Pips .
I 've also added a cupboard containing oranges from the same story .
You can now clearly see the pipes in the pipe rack next to the sofa ( settee ) , the correspondence pinned to the mantlepiece with a jack knife , and Holmes ' messy chemical table with stains .
You can now see an image of a woman in the photograph of Irene Adler .
The " bullet - pocks " on the wall described in The Musgrave Ritual now look more like bullet holes .
I also modified some of the furniture to have a more Victorian feel .
I 've made a new Persian slipper , and you can even see a little bit of the tobacco which was stored in the toe .
You can also see pipes and cigars in the coal scuttle now .
The sofa has been moved to allow Holmes when curled upon it to observe Watson 's face as he sits in his chair as described in The Resident Patient and The Adventure of the Cardboard Box .
Also from the same stories , the framed picture of General Gordon and the unframed picture of Henry Ward Beecher are now actual portraits of these men .
The dining table is now big enough to accomodate five people as indicated in The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor .
Holmes ' bed has been moved away from the wall to allow space behind the head board for Watson to hide as he did in The Adventure of the Dying Detective .
One item which is implied but not mentioned in the stories is a place to store all of Holmes ' clothes , including his costumes when he went out disguised .
Obviously there is a little space in his closet for garments which must be hung , and the second exit also could act as a closet .
For items which could be folded and stored , there could be storage boxes under his bed .
For all other implied spaces or items , there is always the floor above the sitting room , which must contain more than just Watson 's bedroom .
I 've also drawn a new sculpture of Sherlock Holmes ' head from the The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone .
This one does not have a bullet hole in it .
The wax head in the The Adventure of the Empty House had a bullet hole , but that sculpture was only wax - colored because it was only required to cast a shadow on the screen of the window , while the Mazarin Stone head was a realistic facsimile convincing enough to fool people who saw it even at close range ( and the head was detachable as Billy demonstrated in the story ) .
I based this new head on the many Sidney Paget illustrations from the early Sherlock Holmes stories in Strand Magazine .
You have probably heard that Sidney Paget supposedly used his brother Walter as the model for Sherlock Holmes .
Henry Paget , the older brother of Sidney and Walter , wrote that Sidney used no model at all for Sherlock Holmes , but as an artist myself , I find it incredible that someone could create realistic drawings of the same character from imagination over and over again for several years .
It 's just not the way illustrators work .
Drawing a person from imagination -- with all those details such as folds in the clothing , and lighting decisions -- is very time consuming ( not to mention darn near impossible for most artists ) .
It 's much faster and more practical to just use a model , and Two Sidney Paget depictions
of Sherlock Holmes Walter Paget
( I removed his spectacles
from this photo )
Paget had tight deadlines for these monthly stories , not to mention convenient access to a model who was the spitting image of Holmes as he appeared in Strand magazine -- to the surprise of people in London who happened to run into Walter and greet him as Sherlock Holmes !
Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle complained that his character was not supposed to be as handsome as Walter , but eventually came to accept this as the face of Sherlock Holmes .
And all subsequent portraits of Holmes by other Strand illustrators are based on the Sidney Paget depictions -- including ones by Walter himself who illustrated
Walter Paget
self portrait ?
The Adventure of the Dying Detective after Sidney 's death .
I have a copy of the facsimile edition of the original illustrated stories as they appeared in Strand magazine , and have observed that each illustration which depicted the interior of the Baker Street flat was arranged to best portray that particular scene , and not necessarily to give us more data on the arrangement of the flat itself .
The Sidney Paget illustrations teach us as much about Sidney Paget 's own dwelling and furniture as they do of Baker Street , just as the drawings of Sherlock Holmes teach us as much about Sidney 's brother as they do of the detective .
Arthur Wontner
I should mention that of all the actors who have portrayed Sherlock Holmes on the stage or in film , British actor Arthur Wontner is widely acknowledged as the man who most resembled the Sidney Paget depiction .
He was born in London in 1875 and had been told for years that he resembled Sherlock Holmes .
Sir Arthur Conan
Doyle even said that he was the most qualified man to play the part .
Wontner played Holmes in five films , and brought out the detective 's studious and unruffled nature with a touch of levity in his performance , which is how Holmes is portrayed in the stories .
When I watch these films I get the eerie feeling that I 'm looking at the real Sherlock Holmes .
Granted , these old movie plots deviated greatly from the original stories , and like many films of the 1930 's suffered from poor picture and sound quality ( and sometimes a bit of over - acting by some of the cast ) , but they are still great fun to watch .
The film plots which are most faithful to the original stories are still the Granada Television Series starring Jeremy Brett .
Back to details of this Baker Street illustration , some of these items such as the deadly black and white ivory box from The Adventure of the Dying Detective and any such evidence required by the court to try a criminal would have been subsequently taken away by the authorities .
During the course of the stories , many items were brought in and later removed .
Keep in mind this illustration is not a snapshot taken at any particular time during the chronology of Sherlock Holmes ' long career .
If that were the case , then many of the elements could not be included ( for example , Watson 's things would not be there during the time he had temporarily moved out ) .
Rather than choose a specific point in time and exclude all objects which were not present at that moment , I chose to include everything from all the stories .
It 's like a collection of old watches that have completely stopped and yet each one in turn still gives the correct time throughout the day .
This illustration can be used as a guide as you read all the stories .
The general impression of this new Baker Street illustration is of an old print from a wood engraving , which was the method of image reproduction still widely used in the 19th century .
What in the world am I looking at ?
Here is the illustration with notes identifying the various objects mentioned in the Sherlock Holmes stories .
If you click on the illustration at the top of this page , you will find a slightly different annotated version .
Would you like to own this illustration ?
High resolution prints of this art are available on various products from two shops at Zazzle :
Victorian Flat shop
221B Baker Street shop
Here are some notes related to the Baker Street flat :
A Study in Scarlet a couple of bedrooms
large airy sitting room
two broad windows
sofa in sitting room
arm chair
table for dinner
stairs going down to the street level
Holmes ' door at top of stairs
also a passage at the top of the stairs
landlady passes their door to go to bed The Sign of Four cocaine bottle on corner of mantlepiece
velvet lined arm chair
gasogene and spirit case in corner
seventeen steps
Watson 's room is upstairs of the sitting room A Scandal in Bohemia gasogene and spirit case in corner
seventeen steps The Five Orange Pips chairs on either side of the fireplace
lamp by Holmes ' chair
coat hook
side board
shelf next to Watson 's chair containing the American Encyclopedia
cupboard containing oranges
Watson 's room is upstairs of the sitting room The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle Pipe rack within reach on the right of the sofa
wooden chair
basket chair The Adventure of the Speckled Band Watson 's room is upstairs of the sitting room and it has a mantlepiece with a clock The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor two easy chairs
line of reference books beside the mantlepiece .
The Adventure of the Beryl Cornet one bow window
window big enough for Watson to stand in
window big enough for Holmes to look over Watson 's shoulder and see the street below
Holmes ' chamber is upstairs of the sitting room
Watson 's room is upstairs of the sitting room The Musgrave Ritual coal scuttle
Persian slipper
letters stuck to the center of the mantlepiece by a jack knife
" V.R. " in bullet holes on the wall opposite Holmes ' arm chair
chemicals and criminal relics
bundles of manuscript in every corner
large tin box in Holmes ' bedroom .
The Resident Patient ( also in The Adventure of the Cardboard Box ) framed picture of General Gordon with a corresponding bare space
unframed picture of Henry Ward Beecher which stands on top of Watson 's books
Watson could see these from his chair
Holmes could see Watson 's face from his position curled upon the sofa The Adventure of the Priory School bearskin hearthrug near the table
table was between the hearthrug and the door The Adventure of Black Peter a room just off the sitting room The Adventure of the Six Napoleons lumber room upstairs of the sitting room which was packed with daily papers The Hound of the Baskervilles Holmes ' chair at the breakfast table faces away from the hearthrug
the sofa is a settee
Watson has a small medical shelf of books placed high The Adventure of the Dying Detective Holmes ' bedroom had pictures of celebrated criminals adorning every wall
black and white ivory box on mantlepiece
space behind the head of the bed large enough to allow Watson to hide The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone scientific charts on the wall
acid - charred bench of chemicals
violin case leaning in corner
coal scuttle containing pipes and tobacco
waiting room downstairs
bow window alcove large enough to hold a chair
curtain in front of this alcove
Holmes ' bedroom is just off the sitting room *
second exit in Holmes ' bedroom
gramophone in Holmes ' bedroom
second door in Holmes ' bedroom leading to the bow window behind the curtain The Adventure of the Three Gables low arm chair on one side of the fire
another chair opposite it
table between door and Holmes ' chair The Problem of Thor Bridge back yard is visible from Watson 's room
Watson 's room is upstairs of the sitting room The Adventure of the Veiled Lodger pile of commonplace books in the corner * A note regarding the location of Holmes ' own bedroom : The Adventure of the Beryl Cornet implies that Holmes ' room ( called his " chamber " ) is on the floor above the sitting room while The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone puts Holmes ' bedroom just off the sitting room where it communicates with the alcove of the bow window .
If you feel the need to reconcile these conflicting accounts you could simply assume that at some point , Holmes moved his bed down to the room next to the sitting room and started using that as his bedroom .
This could be the same room just off the sitting room which had been used as a temporary waiting room in The Adventure of Black Peter .
The room upstairs could then be used as a lumber room dedicated to Holmes ' stacks of newspapers and bundles of manuscript ... which were on no account to be burned , and which could not be put away save by their owner as mentioned in the The Musgrave Ritual .
A lumber room upstairs packed with daily papers is indeed mentioned in The Adventure of the Six Napoleons .
For those who were looking for the free downloadable copies of the old version , they are still available on my web site here .
I have n't left you out in the cold , the free stuff is still free .
Even the image of the new version on this page is big enough to download and print out as well .
I know you will try it , so I wo n't tell you not to .
Definitely not as sharp as the Zazzle product , but it is free .
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The " deepest ever " living fish have been discovered , scientists believe .
A UK - Japan team found the 17 - strong shoal at depths of 7.7 km ( 4.8 miles ) in the Japan Trench in the Pacific - and captured the deep sea animals on film .
The scientists have been using remote - operated landers designed to withstand immense pressures to comb the world 's deepest depths for marine life .
Monty Priede from the University of Aberdeen said the 30 cm - long ( 12in ) , deep - sea fish were surprisingly " cute " .
Nobody has really been able to look at these depths before - and I think we will see fish living much deeper
Alan Jamieson , Oceanlab
The fish , known as Pseudoliparis amblystomopsis , can be seen darting about in the darkness of the depths , scooping up shrimps .
Alan Jamieson , from the University of Aberdeen , said : " It was an honour to see these fish .
" No - one has ever seen fish alive at these depths before - you just never know what you are going to see when you get down there . "
The deepest record for any fish is Abyssobrotula galatheae , which was dredged from the bottom of the Puerto Rico Trench at a depth of more than 8 km ( 5 miles ) in 1970 .
However , it was dead by the time it reached the surface .
The previous record for any fish to have been spotted alive was thought to have stood at about 7 km ( 4 miles ) .
Pressure points
The Hadeep project , which began in 2007 , is a collaboration between the University of Aberdeen 's Oceanlab and the University of Tokyo's Ocean Research Institute ( led by Professor Mutsumi Nishida with research manager Dr Asako Matsumoto ) and aims to expand our knowledge of biology in the deepest depths of the ocean .
It is funded by the Nippon Foundation and the Natural Environment Research Council ( Nerc ) .
DEEP SEA DIVISIONS Bathyal zone : 1,000 - 3,000 m ( 3,000 - 10,000ft ) Abyss : 3,000 - 6,000 m ( 10,000 - 20,000ft ) Hadal : 6,000 m - 11,000 m ( 20,000 - 36,000ft )
The researchers have been looking at the Hadal zone - the area of ocean that sits between 6,000 and 11,000 m ( 20,000 - 36,000ft ) .
It consists of very narrow trench systems , most of which are found around the Pacific Rim .
The researchers are able to explore them using specially designed remote operated vehicles that are fitted out with cameras .
Professor Priede , director of Oceanlab , said : " There is the question of how do animals live at all at these kinds of depths .
" There are three problems : the first is food supply , which is very remote and has to come from 8 km ( 5 miles ) above .
" There is very high pressure - they have to have all sorts of physiological modifications , mainly at the molecular level .
The lander was designed to withstand immense pressure " And the third problem is that these deep trenches are in effect small islands in the wide abyss and there is a question of whether these trenches are big enough to support thriving endemic populations . "
But this species appears to have overcome these issues , added Professor Priede .
" We have spotted these creatures at depths of 7,703 m ( 25,272ft ) - and we have actually found a massive group of them .
" And this video is pretty tantalising - the fact that there are 17 of them implies that they could well be a family group , begging the question of whether some form of parental care exists for these fish . "
Vibration sensors
The researchers said they were surprised by the fishes ' behaviour .
" We certainly thought , deep down , fish would be relatively inactive , saving energy as much as possible , and so on , " Professor Priede told BBC News .
The fish were surprisingly active " But when you see the video , the fish are rushing around , feeding accurately , snapping at prey coming past . "
Because the fish live in complete darkness , they use vibration receptors on their snouts to navigate the ocean depths and to locate food .
Professor Priede added : " Nobody has seen fish alive before at these depths - only pickled in museums - and by the time they come up from the depths they look in a pretty sorry state .
" But these fish are actually very cute . "
Alan Jamieson added that he believed the team would find more fish during their next expedition in March 2009 , which would probe the ocean between depths of 6,000 m and 9,000 m .
He told BBC News : " Nobody has really been able to look at these depths before - I think we will see some fish living much deeper . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Django on Jython , Python Implementations and Performance
Django now runs on Jython which is great news .
Jeff Hardy is also making progress running Django on IronPython .
As usual the news sparked a plague of comments on Reddit .
There seems to be a lot of confusion about the different implementation of Python , and which bits of CPython acts as the reference implementation .
( Even Ruby is getting a language specification ... )
CPython is the reference implementation but several aspects have been explicitly described as implementation details .
These include :
Stack frames
Bytecode instructions
The Global Interpreter Lock
Reference counting for garbage collection
Jython and PyPy do use Python stack frames , and so tend to have less issues than IronPython when running Python applications that depend on certain obscure implementation details .
( IronPython does n't and is faster in consequence . )
PyPy has implemented the GIL ( mainly as a matter of convenience ) - Jython and IronPython do n't have a GIL and can scale multi- threaded code across several CPU cores .
None of PyPy , Jython and IronPython use reference counting for garbage collection .
This means faster garbage collection but non-deterministic calling of destructors - which would normally be called immediately the reference count drops to zero in CPython ( it also means no uncollectable cycles either which can happen in CPython when you have cycles involving destructors ) .
IronPython uses native .NET strings , and so all strings are Unicode .
In my experience this has made working with strings much more pleasant in IronPython - roll on Python 3 .
This also used to be the case with Jython , but I believe that Jython now has byte strings .
This makes it easier to get Django running , as Django 1.0 uses the difference between byte - strings and Unicode strings to determine whether it is serving text or binary data .
IronPython does a lot of magic to allow you to store binary data in strings ( it can still be a cause of bugs - but they are bugs and should be reported to the IronPython team ) , but you can't dispatch on type .
This makes it questionable whether an unpatched Django will ever run on IronPython without some other flag ( or way of patching in a compatible ' bytes ' type implementation ) .
Jeff certainly seems to be making good progress though .
A new page popped up recently on the Python wiki ( relevant I promise ) :
This is my answer to the question Why is Python slower than xxx Language ?:
Python as a language is a set of rules ( its syntax and semantics ) and so does n't have a ' speed ' .
Only a specific language implementation can have a measurable speed , and then we can only compare performance with a specific implementation of another language .
In general you can't compare the speed of one language to another - you can only compare implementations .
Having said that , as a dynamic language Python will typically perform slower for specific benchmarks than standard implementations of some other languages ( although it is faster than plenty of others ) .
As a dynamic language a lot of information about the program can only be determined at runtime .
This means that a lot of common compiler tricks , that rely on knowing the type of objects at compile time , can't work .
Despite this there are a lot of things that can be done to improve the performance of dynamic languages ( beyond the performance of statically typed languages many believe ) , several of which have been done before in virtual machines like Strongtalk and are being explored for Python in the PyPy JIT tracing compiler .
Generators , finally and Iterator Finalization
Raymond Chen has run a series of posts on the implementation of iterators ( generators in Python speak ) in C# .
The C# compiler creates an inner class that acts as a state machine , which is nothing like as elegant as the Python implementation of course .
Today was part 3 in the series :
This entry concentrates on an additional place ( to the expected ) that a finally block can be entered : inside the finalizer of an iterator .
I was intrigued , and discovered that the same is true in Python .
If you have a generator with a finally block , and the iterator is garbage collected before the generator is exhausted , then the finally block is executed :
Python 2.5 .1 ( r251 : 54869 , Apr 18 2007 , 22 : 0 8 : 04 )
[ GCC 4.0 .1 ( Apple Computer , Inc . build 5367 ) ] on darwin
Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
>> > def f ( ) :
. . . try :
. . . for i in range ( 5 ) :
. . . yield i
. . . finally :
. . . print ' done '
. . .
>> > it = f ( )
>> > it . next ( )
0
>> > it . next ( )
1
>> > del it
done
This is the right decision of course .
Something that is the wrong decision ( in my opinion ) is that if a finally block is entered because of an exception , and there is a return in the finally block then the exception is swallowed instead of being raised .
Either a return in a finally should be disallowed ( as it is in C# ) or the exception should be raised .
The Python implementation of generators is particularly elegant because of the way functions / stack frames are implemented .
As an overview ... a stack frame has a code object associated with it .
This has the bytecode sequence ( as a byte - string ) and a counter that points to the current bytecode instruction .
Every time a new bytecode is executed the counter is incremented .
When the function returns , nothing holds a reference to the stack frame anymore and it is garbage collected ( actually they are expensive to create - so a pool of zombie stack frames is kept for reuse ) .
When you create a generator it holds a reference to the stack frame , and every time you call next execution continues at the next bytecode - until a yield or return is hit .
The stack frame is kept alive until the generator is garbage collected .
Archives
Pictured : The 20st sumo girl ... aged just 14
At the age of 14 and weighing in at 20 stone , Samantha - Jane Stacey is born to be a sumo wrestler .
She will be aiming for sporting glory as the youngest Australian to participate in the world wrestling sumo championships this month in Estonia .
Much focus will be on the championships after the sport , plagued with recent scandals , was hit with yet another controversy as three wrestlers admitted beating up a junior trainee who later died .
Born to wrestle : Samantha - Jane will represent Australia at the world sumo championships in Estonia this month
The sport has also been hit with drugs and match - fixing scandals recently .
But none of that bothers Samantha - Jane .
Affectionately known as ' Sammy Sumo ' , she trains on a diet of Weetbix and lasagne .
Samantha - Jane says she is ' really proud to represent ' her country but at the moment is more worried about getting through the 32 - hour flight .
It is perhaps no surprise that Samantha - Jane was introduced to the sport by brother Blake .
' We watched bouts on video and researched the sport on the internet .
You do n't have to be big to take part .
Bout : Samantha - Jane wrestles Aaron Stapleton above , and below , takes on a female opponent at the 18th Annual Cherry Blossom Festival in New South Wales
' I was training with Blake and his coach saw me and asked if I wanted to take part in a competition .
I 've really been into it ever since . '
Samantha - Jane says she does not try to put on weight but concentrates on a balanced diet to keep her fit for the fight .
' I 'm naturally a big girl .
I do n't have to eat anything extra .
' I have a medical condition that does not allow me to lose the weight .
A side effect of that means I look obese .
But I do have a healthy diet . '
Samantha - Jane 's favourite food is Weetbix , which she eats with banana and strawberries for breakfast .
She will typically have a chicken sandwich for lunch and a chicken salad for dinner .
Her vice is her father Warren 's speciality , lasagne .
Samantha - Jane trains every day on the beach .
Aussie team : Samantha - Jane with fellow Australian wrestlers Kelsie Homer , 18 , and Vanessa Homer , 14
' We practice our moves and undergo training to learn how to break your fall without hurting yourself , ' she said .
Samantha - Jane 's father Warren Stacey says his daughter was born for sumo .
' Her uncles were close to seven feet tall and weighed 180 to 200 kilograms , so that sort of thing runs in the family . '
Today the three wrestlers accused of beating up a junior trainee who later died admitted their guilt in court , according to reports .
The death of the trainee in June 2007 sent shockwaves across the country as the boy 's father spoke of his son's battered body and prompted the Japanese government to order the tradition - bound game to clean up its act .
The three wrestlers , all in their 20s , were accused of beating the trainee with a metal bat during sparring practice , a day after clobbering him for hours with a beer bottle and a wooden stick , Kyodo news agency said .
The trainee died that day .
The defence argued in the court in Nagoya , central Japan , that the wrestlers had acted on the instructions of their sumo gym leader , or stablemaster , Kyodo reported .
A court official , who declined to comment on details , said a date for a verdict had not been set .
Worth her weight : Despite her size Samantha - Jane says she has a healthy diet
The stablemaster , according to local media , has denied instructing the three wrestlers to beat up the trainee , but has been fired by the sumo association and is awaiting trial in the case .
" I want them to tell the truth without hiding anything , " Masato Saito , the trainee 's father , told a group of reporters outside the courtroom as he held a photo of his son in his arms .
A Japan Sumo Association spokeswoman declined comment on the case , which has highlighted sumo's harsh training practices and the closed , rigid society of the male - only sport in which wrestlers wearing loincloths tussle in a rope - lined dirt ring .
The sport retains many traditional Shinto religious overtones and still makes much of its pageantry and rituals , but fans have been dismayed by a long list of recent scandals ranging from drugs to match - fixing .
Two Russian wrestlers tested positive for marijuana and were expelled from the sport last month , shortly after another Russian wrestler , Wakanoho , was arrested for suspected marijuana possession .
The JSA chairman resigned over the drug scandal .
Sumo authorities , long accused of being a clique of former wrestlers , brought in outsiders to its board to improve management .
Last week , Wakanoho told a news conference he was bullied into taking cash to throw matches , intensifying media focus on a court case in which the JSA is suing a publisher for a magazine article on match - fixing .
Click to viewAs students flock back to the library and the rest of us head back to the coffee shop for a warm drink and free Wi -Fi , the safety and security of our laptops — and all of the important and sensitive information they hold — are of the utmost importance .
Let 's take a look at several free and cheap methods you can ( and should ) use to keep your laptop safe , secure , and out of the hands of thieves .
We 'll also take a look at software that tracks and even snaps pictures of the thief in the event he did get away with your precious gear .
Photo by presta .
Advertisement
Phase One : Lock and Key
Advertisement
They are n't free , but an inexpensive laptop lock can do wonders for securing your laptop and deterring thieves .
You can find a huge range of laptop locks on Amazon ranging from $ 12 to $ 40 , and whether you know it or not almost all laptops support them .
They 're relatively inexpensive , and for the price they 're an excellent deterrent .
After all , if you were a thief scoping out two laptops — one with a lock and one without — which which would you go for ?
Phase Two : Laptop Alarms and Security Cameras
You 've got your laptop physically locked down , so you 're off to a great start .
For phase two of your laptop security system , try setting up a software - based security system and alarm .
Here 's how they work .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Say you get up from your seat for a minute but you want an added layer of protection on top of your laptop lock .
Car alarm - like applications for your laptop let you walk away for a moment without breaking down your whole work area and packing up your laptop .
The benefit of an alarm in a crowded library or coffee shop is that all eyes are on your laptop and the potential thief when it goes off .
An alarm is a second phase deterrent if a potential thief still goes after your laptop despite your lock .
Advertisement
For Windows users , free application Laptop Alarm ( original post ) will sound an alarm whenever anyone unplugs the power cable , the mouse is moved or unplugged , or the laptop is shut down .
It 's a very simple application that could use some improvements ( especially compared to the Mac alternative below ) , but it 's not bad for what it does .
Mac users , try the nearly identical applications iAlertU or Lockdown ( original post ) .
( Lockdown is based on the open - source iAlertU . )
You can arm and disarm both applications car - alarm style with your Apple Remote , and both use the motion detection system in any newer MacBook to set off the alarm if someone moves your laptop .
The alarm also sounds with any movement of your mouse , keyboard activity , and more .
Whenever the alarm is triggered , your MacBook 's iSight camera snaps a picture and can send it to any email address .
Advertisement
Alternately , you can also automatically upload iAlertU pics to your FTP server if you 'd prefer that to email .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If your laptop has a webcam , turning it into a backed - up security camera while you 're away can also help if your laptop were to get stolen .
On Windows , you can install and run a free tool like Yawcam ( original post ) to turn your webcam into a motion - sensing security camera that can back up pictures it snaps to an FTP server .
Just switch on Yawcam whenever you step away from your computer .
Advertisement
On a Mac , you could try out Gawker , a killer open - source time - lapse application .
You 'd need to figure out a method for off - site backup with Gawker , but a method similar to backing up iAlertU pictures via FTP should do the trick .
For more , check out my previous guide to using Gawker .
Advertisement
Phase Three : Retrieval
If worse comes to worst and your laptop is stolen , you 're still not without recourse .
Several tools are available to help you not only track your laptop and the thief after your laptop has been stolen , but also to secure data on your computer after it 's been stolen .
Advertisement
Windows users should check out the free application LaptopLock .
Here 's how to use Laptop Lock to report your computer missing , remotely delete or secure files , run programs , and even send a message to the thief .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Similarly , the cross- platform Adeona is an open source application designed to help you track a stolen laptop by gathering information like IP addresses and access point information ( like the name of the hotspot the laptop is connected to ) .
As an added bonus for Mac users , Adeona can also snap photos with your iSight whenever it tracks the thief 's location and upload that photo as well — a killer option for getting several pictures of the thief and possibly some information to determine where he / she is using your laptop .
Advertisement
With tracking tools like Adeona or LaptopLock , you 're not guaranteed pinpoint accuracy by any means , but it is a start .
Adeona does not geolocate IP addresses itself , either , but you can plug the addresses or wireless networks the application sends to you into web - based tools like Wigle or the GeoIP demo to see what you can find .
If you 're using LaptopLock on a Windows computer , the LaptopLock service can do the IP mapping itself .
More Security Options Worth Considering
Advertisement
Since the sensitive information your computer holds is ultimately more important than your laptop itself , do yourself a huge favor by encrypting your hard drive .
We 've already walked you through how to encrypt your drive with TrueCrypt , a free and cross - platform encryption tool that protects your data in case of theft , so that 's the perfect starting point .
Advertisement
If you 've set up remote services on your computer — like SSH , VNC , or even an FTP server — you might want to consider using the DynDNS web service as a LoJack , to connects to your computer no matter where it 's located and backup or delete sensitive files if it is stolen .
Set up a laptop LoJack with DynDNS Web site ArsGeek describes how to set up a laptop with the dynamic DNS service DynDNS as a security Read more
Advertisement
As a bonus tip , consider installing tracking software on your USB devices — like iPods or thumb drives — with previously mentioned application iHound .
iHound works similarly to the laptop tracking and recovery tools mentioned above , but it places an enticing passwords .
txt file on your USB drive 's root directory that uploads information like IP addresses when the thief opens that file .
Advertisement
The Upshot
None of these methods are foolproof .
A thief could cut your lock , run off with your laptop even with an alarm sounding , and format your hard drive immediately .
As a rule of thumb , however , a lot of would - be thieves either do n't necessarily know how to do some of these things or simply do n't take the effort .
Similarly , tracking and retrieval tools are n't a sure thing .
IP address mapping is inexact at best , and it's often very difficult to use an IP address to identify anyone anyway .
Advertisement
Every bit counts , though , even if it only means the difference between the thief making off with your laptop or your entire identity .
If you 've got your own methods for setting up a laptop security system — even if it just entails carrying it with you at all times — let 's hear about it in the comments .
Adam Pash is a senior editor for Lifehacker who dreams of the day his laptop can return to him like an AT - 5000 Auto - Dialer ( but with better wheels ) .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Lehman Brothers Boss Defends $ 484 Million in Salary , Bonus Fuld becomes poster boy for Wall Street greed at heated congressional hearing .
October 6 , 2008  --
In the first Congressional hearing into the financial crisis , the former CEO of the bankrupt Lehman Brothers , Richard Fuld , became the poster boy for Wall Street greed today as he defended the $ 484 million he received in salary , bonuses and stock options since 2000 .
" Is that fair ? " asked committee chairman Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) who pointed out Fuld owns a mansion in Greenwich , Connecticut , an ocean front estate on Jupiter Island , Florida , a ski chalet in Idaho and a Manhattan apartment .
" If you have n't discovered your role , you 're the villain today , " said Rep. John Mica ( R- FL ) .
Fuld said given the collapse of Lehman Brothers and its now worthless stock , his actual holdings were closer to $ 350 million .
" That 's still a lot of money , " he told the hearing .
Fuld said he took " full responsibility " for the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and " felt horrible " about it .
But Fuld said he has yet to understand why the federal government helped to bail out the AIG insurance company and other investment banking firms , but did not do so a few days earlier to save Lehman Brothers .
" Until the day they put me in the ground , I will wonder , " Fuld told the Congressional panel , seeming to seethe with anger .
" This is a pain that will stay with me the rest of my life . "
In his opening remarks , Waxman lambasted both Fuld and Lehman .
Internal documents obtained by the committee , Waxman said , " portray a company in which there was no accountability for failure . "
Waxman cited an e-mail exchange among top Lehman executives .
After someone sent an e-mail suggesting that Lehman 's top management give up their bonuses , both Fuld and George H. Walker , a member of Lehman 's executive committee and a cousin of President Bush , sent e-mails disagreeing with the suggestion .
Walker , according to Waxman , replied by writing , " Sorry team .
I 'm not sure what 's in the water at 605 Third Avenue today . …
I 'm embarrassed and I apologize . "
Waxman said that Fuld " mocked " the suggestion by adding , " Do n't worry – they are only people who think about their own pockets . "
Waxman also cited a request submitted to Lehman 's compensation committee four days before the firm filed for bankruptcy .
The request , he said , recommended that the board give three departing executives over $ 20 million in " special payments . "
" In other words , even as Mr. Fuld was pleading with Secretary Paulson for a federal rescue , Lehman continued to squander millions on executive compensation , " Waxman said .
Richard Fuld Testifies Before Congress
Despite warnings that " liquidity can disappear quite fast , " Fuld " depleted Lehman 's capital reserves by over $ 10 billion through year - end bonuses , stock buybacks , and dividend payments , " Waxman said .
Others at the hearing voiced their own concerns about compensation at Lehman .
Nell Minow , the editor of the research firm , The Corporate Library , highlighted Fuld 's compensation , which exceeded $ 70 million last year .
" I think it is fair to say by any standard of measurement that this pay plan is as uncorrelated to performance as it is possible to be , " she said .
Minow also found fault with Lehman 's corporate board .
The Corporate Library grades the performance of corporate boards and last month , Minow said , the firm downgraded Lehman 's board to an " F . "
" In this case , the board was too old , had served too long , was too out of touch with massive changes in the industry , had too little of their own net worth at risk , and was too compromised for rigorous independent oversight , " she said .
Prior to Fuld 's testimony , Minow and several other experts testified before the committee on Lehman 's bankruptcy and today 's financial turmoil .
Dr. Luigi Zingales , a professor of finance at the University of Chicago , said that Lehman 's demise was a result of its aggressive use of leverage , or debt to finance investments , " in the context of a major financial crisis . "
It made Lehman especially vulnerable to insolvency , Zingales said .
" Lehman did not find itself in that situation by accident ; it was the unlucky draw of a consciously - made gamble , " he said .
Robert Wescott , the president of the economic analysis and public policy research firm Keybridge Research LLC , said that the root of the financial crisis , overall lay in " easy credit . "
Variable rate mortgages with low initial interest rates " gave many families an inflated sense of their capacity to afford housing , " Wescott said .
As a result , he said , housing prices began rising as high as 30 percent per year and " a housing frenzy developed . "
Debate of Mortgage Regulation
" Many Americans developed unrealistic expectations and assumed that housing prices could only go up , " he said .
Meanwhile , the securitization of mortgages aggravated the situation – it allowed mortgage originators to make risky loans without concerns about the consequences .
" Since the mortgage originator was no longer going to hold the mortgage to maturity , but rather was going to immediately sell it to a securities firm and collect its fee up front , it did not have a strong incentive to perform due diligence on the loan , " Westcott said .
Peter J. Wallison , a fellow in financial policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute , said that the lack of regulation of government - sponsored mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac played a major role in the crisis .
Congress , he said , resisted reforming the regulation of the two companies " until it was too late . "
Wallison also cited a newspaper article that showed " the SEC 's failure to devote sufficient resources to the regulation of the major investment banking firms . "
Weak regulation , Wallison said , " can be worse than none . "
Near the end of the hearing , after some two hours of questioning , Fuld stressed his personal feelings about Lehman 's bankruptcy .
" My employees , my shareholders , creditors , clients have taken a huge amount of pain and , again , not that everybody on this committee cares about this , but I wake up every single night thinking what I could I have done differently , " he said .
" I have searched myself every single night , and I come back to at the time ... I made those decisions , I made those decisions with the information that I had ...
I can look right at you and say this is a pain that will stay with me for the rest of my life , regardless of what comes out of this committee . "
Waxman closed the hearing noting that he was dissatisfied with Fuld 's testimony .
" You took responsibility for the decisions you made in retrospect , you think you should have done some things different , " he said , " but you do n't seem to acknowledge that you did anything wrong . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Yesterday y'all figured that the mom addicted to ' hillbilly heroin ' was none other than actual heroin addict Nicole Richie .
I 'm not so much surprised / disturbed by the unanimity as I am by the fact that you all seemed pretty confident that you knew what ' hillbilly heroin ' was .
So , um , good work ?
Today we have a dude with a drugs problem , an actor hanging out with drug dealers , a dangerously skinny new mom , and a scruffy guy sending ladies to the sex disease clinic .
1 ) " Which celeb makes no secret of his " secret " drug habit ?
He was supposed to have given them up years ago but offers strange looking pills to young ladies whenever he is out . "
[ Mirror ] 2 ) " This B list film actor who has always done films is in the midst of quite the career comeback .
However , on the set of his latest film he has reconnected with an old friend from the past .
The old friend was his drug dealer who has always been known as the drug dealer to the stars .
No , granted , being seen at dinner with the guy does not mean our actor is partaking again of drugs , but why is he even having dinner with him in the first place ? " [ CDaN ] 3 ) " Which celebrity has taken drastic measures to eliminate the baby weight ?
Always thin before pregnancy , she was unhappy with her post partum body .
So she had a lapband installed to get off those last pesky ten pounds .
Her weight has now plummeted to alarming lows .
Her partner 's pleas to remove the lapband are falling on deaf ears , as she is convinced her weight will skyrocket if it is removed . "
[ BlindGossip ] 4 ) " Which well - known actor has at least two female celebrities running to the clinic ?
This male actor is of the scruffy - attractive variety .
He has a reputation for being wild both in and out of the sack , and has had bedded quite a few celebrities .
Unfortunately for all involved , he also has a dangerous STD and favors unprotected sex .
A very famous blonde celebrity and a perpetually troubled black rapper are among those who are now terrified for their health . "
[ BlindGossip ]
When Jaime Escuder , a University of Chicago law student , was searching for a professor to supervise an independent project on prisoners ’ rights , he turned to Barack Obama , but not for his politics .
As a student in Obama ’s constitutional law class in 2001 , Escuder was impressed by his teacher ’s ability to see both sides of an argument .
“ I figured Obama would respect the stance I took in the paper , whether or not he agreed with it , ” Escuder , now a public defender in Illinois , told me .
In the project , Escuder forcefully advocated for prisoners ’ having the freedom to procreate .
Obama gave him guidance on honing his argument  but never told him if he agreed .
When he did venture an opinion , it was to prod Escuder to consider real - world implications .
On running into Escuder at the Hyde Park Co-op one weekend morning , Obama said : “ I do n’t think that you ’re giving adequate consideration to how difficult it will be for prison officials to care for pregnant women .
I ’ve been dealing with this recently , and believe me , it is n’t easy . ”
Escuder assumed Obama was talking about being a father .
Obama taught at the University of Chicago Law School for a decade before he left in 2003 to run for the United States Senate .
He emerged as one of the Senate ’s most liberal members , and his voting record is often invoked in the current campaign , especially by his opponents .
But the men and women who studied with him at Chicago echo Escuder ’s observation that Obama was much more pragmatic than ideological .
Even as his political career advanced , Obama ’s teaching stuck to the law - school norm of dispassionately evaluating competing arguments with the tools of forensic logic .
But Obama apparently was not attached to legal argumentation for its own sake .
“ It was drilled into us from Day 1 that you examined your biases and inclinations , ” Richard Hess , now an attorney at Susman Godfrey in Houston , told me .
“ And then , when you made decisions , they were based on sound empirical reasons . ”
Escuder saw his professor as “ a street smart academic ” : “ He wanted his students to consider the impact laws and judicial opinions had on real people . ”
According to Marcus Fruchter , who took constitutional law with Obama and now practices at the law firm of Schopf & Weiss in Chicago , “ You never would have known he was going to be a liberal senator based on what he said in his courses . ”
Obama ’s rootedness in the real world shaped every aspect of his teaching .
He laced his lectures with basketball analogies .
When a student observed the death of Jam Master Jay of the hip - hop group Run-DMC by wearing the group ’s trademark tracksuit to the racism seminar , Obama acknowledged the gesture with a nod and a smile .
( “ I can assure you , that would not have been a common response among the faculty at the University of Chicago , ” Joshua Pemstein told me .
He was in class that day and now practices at Foley Hoag in Boston . )
Obama ’s style resonated with students , who packed his classes despite the fact that his obligations as a state senator meant that when the Legislature was in session his courses were held early on Monday morning and on Friday afternoon .
If his students begrudged the early risings and missed three - day - weekends , they did n’t take it out on Obama in their course evaluations : they routinely rated him as one of the best teachers at the law school .
Image Credit ... Tom Van De Velde / University of Brighton , England
I recently spoke to many of Obama ’s former students and asked them to speculate about how the teacher they saw manage a classroom might try to manage a country .
Some students thought Obama ’s teaching offers a more accurate glimpse of his potential presidency than the oft - cited statistic that he holds the most liberal voting record in the Senate .
“ I do n’t think that there is a ‘ teacher Obama ’ and ‘ politician Obama , ’ ” said David Bird , who works at Reed Smith in Pittsburgh .
“ He came across as very practical and down to earth .
I think that reflects who he is as a person and his experience organizing and in the legislature . ”
Dan Johnson - Weinberger , who lobbies for progressive causes in Illinois , agreed that his former professor is n’t likely to emerge as an ideological liberal if he indeed makes it to the White House .
“ Based on what I saw in the classroom , my guess is an Obama administration could be summarized in two words , ” he said .
“ Ruthless pragmatism . ”
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A Nicolas Sarkozy voodoo doll that became a bestselling cult classic when the president tried to have it banned is to remain on sale after a French court threw out the case today .
A judge ruled that Nicolas Sarkozy : The Voodoo Manual , which features a doll , a set of pins and a book explaining how to put the evil eye on the president , fell within the boundaries of " free expression " and the " right to humour " .
The president 's lawyer had argued that , like any French person , Sarkozy owned the right to his own image , which was violated by the sale of the doll .
The highly litigious president was ridiculed by his critics for launching the legal action - his sixth lawsuit since his election - and the doll instantly became a must - have .
The Socialist Ségolène Royal , who was the subject of a similar voodoo doll but did n't sue , hailed the verdict as a victory for the freedom to " caricature the world 's most powerful " .
Royal , who once filed a legal complaint against someone who hit her with a custard pie , said she did not sue over her doll because she had a sense of humour .
The lawyer for the doll makers said he was pleased the judge had recognised the existence of a " right to humour " .
It is not known whether Sarkozy will appeal .
Earlier this year , Sarkozy and Carla Bruni won a case against the low - cost Irish airline Ryanair for using their image in an advert without their permission .
The single advert in a Paris newspaper showed the couple with a caption beside Bruni reading : " With Ryanair , my whole family can come to my wedding . "
Sarkozy has also launched a legal case against a French company that produced novelty T - shirts bearing his name and a target sign , saying " Sarkozy Tolerance zero " .
Kucinich tells Maddow : Bailout plan is ' immoral ' David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday October 1 , 2008
Print This Email This Democratic
House leaders were rightfully rebuked in their attempt to pass an " immoral " bailout plan that would have put Wall Street 's interests above those of average Americans , said Rep. Dennis Kucinich , who commended Republicans for helping torpedo the $ 700 billion package earlier this week .
" I believe in this idea of making sure that the great mass of people get some help .
This plan is immoral , " the Ohio Democrat and former presidential candidate told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow .
" This plan is a disgrace .
It bails out people on Wall Street who have speculated and who would drive this economy into the ground unless we have some controls on them . "
Kucinich , one of the most liberal House members , predicted the bailout package 's demise before it went down in a dramatic vote Monday afternoon .
He said the plan should take " a page out of classic New Deal economics , " and focus more on helping struggling homeowners than Wall Street speculators .
" Help the many and you 'll help the few , " Kucinich said .
" But what 's happening is this bailout proposal helps the few at the expense of the many . "
Kucinich was one of 95 Democrats who opposed the bailout package , along with 133 Republicans .
Many conservatives and libertarians have been wary about giving the government such a large role in the financial sector as would happen in the Bush administration 's proposed bailout , which would authorize Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to use taxpayer dollars to buy up assets like troubled mortgages .
Democrats blame greedy investors and speculators for stoking the sub - prime mortgage crisis , while many Republicans say too many loans were given to poor borrowers who had little chance of paying them back in the first place .
Kucinich said he was hopeful that a bipartisan deal could be reached to address the financial crisis , and he credited Republican opponents of the proposed deal for at least sticking to their ideological guns .
" Frankly I salute the Republicans who understood that Wall Street ought to be able to fix its own problems , " he told Maddow .
" And a bailout would constitute a violation of every free market principle that any Republican ever believed in . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast September 30 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
We 're going to make this an open post for tips and tricks to survive a celebration event like a Bulls riot or a massive public upheaval event like a Bulls riot .
Just in case there might be anything on the horizon coming up next week :
Rule # 1 - Never ever leave your partner (s ) .
If you 're all going to go home safe , you 're all staying together .
No heroes .
Rule # 1A - Never ever leave the guy with the radio .
For Bulls nights , we were running one radio per four cops .
If you 're lucky enough to have two radios on post , keep one off to conserve battery power and turn it on if the shit gets rolling .
Those are the important rules .
Everyone else can chime in by the comment button .
Remember , essentials for ten or more hours on post .
Things like water , snacks , bullets , gas masks , helmets , batons , are givens .
We 're going to say 50 % or more of this Department has n't been through a Bulls riot .
What little things do people forget ?
Things like picking up or breaking all glass bottles around your post can deprive miscreants of weapons .
Garbage cans can provide handy cover in emergencies .
What else ?
Labels : info for the police
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia ’s steel elite , with cash to burn from record profits , has accumulated almost 10 percent of U.S. steelmaking capacity as it bets big that demand in the world ’s largest economy will ride out a global credit crunch .
Workers enter Russia 's steel major Severstal group 's representative office in Moscow , May 26 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Shamil Zhumatov
Billionaires who built their fortune on Soviet - era steel giants have spent nearly $ 9 billion in the last few years acquiring U.S. mills to expand their global presence .
At today ’s knockdown prices , investors believe it ’s a gamble worth taking .
“ They ’re buying them because they ’re cheap .
The underlying motive behind buying these mills is making money , not enhancing the political glory of Russia , ” said Tim McCutcheon , a partner and fund manager at DBM Capital Partners in Moscow .
Betting on U.S. steel is risky , say analysts , as the once - mighty automotive and construction sectors are in decline and demand growth has been eclipsed by emerging economies such as China and India .
But this has not deterred Alexei Mordashov , owner of Severstal CHMF .
MM , whose acquisitions have pushed his company into the top five steel makers in the United States -- a scenario unthinkable when the countries were Cold War enemies .
“ We remain committed to growth in North America and believe in the long - term promise of the U.S. market , ” Mordashov , ranked the world ’s 18th - richest man by Forbes magazine , said after announcing Severstal ’s latest acquisition last month .
Mordashov says the weak dollar is making Russian companies , which derive most of their revenues supplying a domestic market expanding at more than 7 percent annually , more competitive in the United States .
The dollar has lost nearly 15 percent of its value against the Russian rouble in the last two years RUB= .
CHANGING WORLD
Russia ’s foray into North American steel marks the growing power of its leading steel firms , which are unburdened by high raw material costs after absorbing their own mines during a carve - up of the country ’s mineral assets in the late 1990s .
Severstal was the first Russian company to buy a U.S. steel asset when it bought Dearborn , Michigan - based Rouge Steel , once the in - house steel unit for Ford Motor Co F.N , in late 2003 .
Evraz Group HK1q.L , part - owned by billionaire Roman Abramovich , followed with the acquisition of Oregon Steel Mills and Claymont Steel Holdings .
Last month it also agreed to buy IPSCO 's North American assets from Sweden 's SSAB SSABa .ST .
“ How the world has changed ! ” said Jack Dzierwa , global strategist at Texas - based U.S. Global Investors Inc .
" In the 1990s , Russia was a laughing stock , but its muscles have grown and the country has gone on an acquisition spree , " said Dzierwa , who co-manages the $ 19.2 million Global MegaTrends fund and holds stock in Evraz and Mechel MTL.N .
Cash - rich Russian oil and gas firms were the first to announce large trans -Atlantic acquisition plans , including projects by Gazprom GAZP .
MM to build regasification terminals and refinery acquisition plans by oil major LUKOIL LKOH .
MM .
Their penetration , however , has so far been limited to LUKOIL ’s network of 2,000 filling stations .
Steel barons have avoided the political scrutiny that has hampered other Russian attempts to invest overseas by spending at a time when parts of the U.S. steel industry are on their knees and limiting their ambitions to small or mid-sized mills .
This has , however , raised questions over asset quality .
Charles Bradford , New York - based metals analyst for Soleil Securities Group Inc , said Russians had bought assets nobody else wanted and face a huge challenge in turning them round .
“ Some of these plants were so bad .
I do n’t know if they could have been sold as scrap , ” he said .
FUTURE BUYS
Severstal ’s record $ 1.9 billion in net profits , for example , mask a sharp decline in earnings at its North American unit due to weaker market conditions and a blast furnace reline .
Its latest acquisition suggests more of the same .
The Sparrows Point mill in Baltimore , Maryland is a former unit of Bethlehem Steel and was the world ’s largest steel plant in 1950 .
At least $ 350 million will be needed to turn it around .
But outdated mills shunned by U.S. firms present less fear to those well acquainted with the overmanned behemoths that once served the Soviet military - industrial complex .
" Someone who comes from Cherepovets or Lipetsk is not going to have a problem with an integrated mill , " McCutcheon said , referring to the home cities of Severstal and NLMK NLMKq.L .
Evraz Chairman and Chief Executive Alexander Frolov said his company ’s acquisitions would expand its presence in rails -- its Oregon buy made it the world ’s biggest rail maker -- and pipes .
“ This is an important sector for U.S. industry as it ’s linked to energy and infrastructure , and we believe there ’s long - term stable demand , ” Frolov said .
And while the jewels in the U.S. steel industry , U.S. Steel Corp X.N and Nucor NUE.N , would remain off - limits to Russian investors , analysts say plenty more assets are up for grabs .
“ To buy , you have got to go small , and there are a number of smaller companies without any protection , ” Bradford said .
“ I ’ve got 10 on my list . ”
By Dr Daniel Sokol
Medical ethicist
Hippocrates : the father of modern medicine ?
When I asked my medical students to name famous doctors in the history of medicine , their first answer was Harold Shipman , the GP who murdered hundreds of patients .
I nearly swallowed my tongue .
Their second answer was House , the fictional doctor from the American TV series .
Tears of frustration welled up in my eyes .
Their third answer was Hippocrates , presumed author of the Hippocratic Oath - I breathed a sigh of relief .
Written nearly 2,500 years ago , the Oath is the most famous text in Western medicine , yet most people ( including doctors ) know precious little about it .
One GP recounted the story of an elderly patient who believed the Oath instructed doctors never to tell patients the truth .
It contains no such advice .
Here is a brief guide to the Oath .
The Oath starts : " I swear by Apollo the physician and by Asclepius and Hygieia and Panacea ... to bring the following oath to fulfilment . "
Apollo , the god of healing , fell in love with a human , Coronis .
I will use treatments for the benefit of the ill in accordance with my ability and my judgment , but from what is to their harm and injustice I will keep them
Hippocratic Oath
In his absence , Apollo sent a white crow to look after her .
When the crow informed Apollo that Coronis loved another man , Apollo 's rage turned the crow black .
To avenge her brother , Apollo 's sister shot Coronis with an arrow and , as she lay dying , Coronis told Apollo that she was bearing his child .
Although Apollo could not save Coronis , he rescued the unborn child , Asclepius .
Hygieia , the goddess of health , and Panacea , the goddess of cures , are the daughters of Asclepius .
According to legend , Hippocrates was a descendant of one of Asclepius ' sons .
Inspiration Doctors taking the Oath would doubtless have been inspired by this illustrious lineage of healers .
The next section instructs the doctor to treat his teachers as his parents , and to pass on the art of medicine to the next generation of healers .
In a pure and holy way , I will guard my life and my art and science
Hippocratic Oath The Oath continues : " And I will use treatments for the benefit of the ill in accordance with my ability and my judgment , but from what is to their harm and injustice I will keep them . "
In other words , doctors should act in the best interests of their patients , and when unjust circumstances arise - for instance , a certain life - prolonging drug may not be available on the NHS - they should strive to correct the injustice harming their patients .
The next part seemingly concerns euthanasia or physician - assisted suicide , saying : " And I will not give a drug that is deadly to anyone if asked , nor will I suggest the way to such a counsel . "
Two leading scholars of the Oath , Littre and Miles , have however suggested that this passage alludes to the then common practice of using doctors as skilled political assassins .
Steven Miles notes : " Fear of the physician - poisoner may be traced very close to the time of the Oath . "
The word " euthanasia " ( meaning " easeful death " ) was only coined a century after the writing of the Oath .
Abortion
The text continues : " And likewise I will not give a woman a destructive pessary . "
This passage is often interpreted as a rejection of abortion .
However , abortion was legal at the time and the text only mentions pessaries ( a soaked piece of wool inserted in the vagina to induce abortion ) , not the oral methods of abortion also used in ancient Greece .
As pessaries could cause lethal infections , the author of the Oath may have had a clinical objection to the method , rather than a moral objection to abortion itself .
The next sentence - " In a pure and holy way , I will guard my life and my art and science " - is a call for professional integrity .
Doctors should refrain from immoral behaviour and resist the temptations that accompany their privileged position ( today , from drug companies offering generous gifts , for example ) .
Surgery The Oath continues : " I will not cut , and certainly not those suffering from stone , but I will cede this to men who are practitioners of this activity . "
Another common misconception is that the Oath forbids surgery .
About whatever I may see or hear in treatment , or even without treatment , in the life of human beings , I will remain silent , holding such things to be unutterable
Hippocratic Oath
In fact , it instructs doctors to acknowledge the limits of their competence and to refer cases to more specialised practitioners .
Next , the doctor enters the patient 's house : " Into as many houses as I may enter , I will go for the benefit of the ill , while being far from all voluntary and destructive injustice , especially from sexual acts both upon women 's bodies and upon men's . "
The need for such a statement reflects the wide distrust in healers at the time .
In a competitive marketplace where quacks abounded , it was necessary to reassure the public that doctors would not exploit patients .
Confidentiality
The penultimate section deals with confidentiality and reads : " And about whatever I may see or hear in treatment , or even without treatment , in the life of human beings , I will remain silent , holding such things to be unutterable . "
As today , patients in ancient times shared deeply personal information with doctors on the assumption that their details would not be revealed to others .
Without this trust , patients may withhold facts that would help the doctor make an accurate diagnosis .
The text ends with the rewards that await those who respect the Oath ( " the benefits both of life and of art and science , being held in good repute among all human beings for time eternal " ) and the punishment of those who do not ( " if , however , I transgress and swear falsely , the opposite of these " ) .
This whistle - stop tour of the Oath gives some idea of the content and spirit of this ancient text .
In an age of technological developments , cosmetic surgery , complementary medicine , drug companies , and many other temptations for patients and doctors alike , the spirit of the Oath is as relevant as ever .
• Dr Daniel Sokol is a medical ethicist at St George 's , University of London , and Director of the Applied Clinical Ethics ( ACE ) programme at Imperial College , London .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Go ahead and rub your eyes , and look at that graph again .
You saw it right .
Less than 3 points separating the candidates in Alaska , as of yesterday .
These are the latest numbers released by Alaska ’s Hays Research Group .
With Obama - Biden nipping at the heels of McCain - Palin , can we be considered a battleground state again ?
In Alaska , it ’s not unreasonable to expect an “ enthusiasm factor ” to come into play .
Imagine you are an Alaska Republican .
( Do n’t worry , this wo n’t last long ) .
Imagine that Senior Senator and Republican icon Ted Stevens just got hit with seven felony convictions and his numbers have slid off a cliff .
Then imagine that your lone Congressman Don Young , another Republican icon , has spent $ 1.2 million of his campaign money on legal fees , and his indictment is coming as sure as the seasons change and the sun rises .
His rival , Democrat Ethan Berkowitz , has a comfortable lead .
Then imagine that your presidential ticket , McCain - Palin is sending out spokespeople saying that they ’re still sort of in the race if they win ( insert long list of states , and statistical improbabilities here ) AND mange to pull it off in ( another long list of states and statistical improbabilities ) .
Then add the fact that you ’ll have to go stand in line with a bunch of happy , optimistic Democrats , and you may decide to just sit this one out .
Too depressing .
And you may have the makings for a single digit race in Alaska .
I ’ve said it before and I ’ll say it again , if Obama loses in Alaska by single digits , it is a LANDSLIDE victory .
Remember that .
And if he actually wins ?
You ’ll hear the cheering from the Lower 48 ( AND Hawaii ) !
The Treasury building is seen in Washington , September 29 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Bourg
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Treasury Department is preparing to open its $ 700 billion bailout package to companies outside the traditional banking sector , the Washington Post reported on Friday .
The initiative would make it easier for the Treasury Department to help a broader variety of firms if their troubles put the wider financial system at risk , the newspaper reported .
However , the companies would still have to be financial firms that fall under federal regulators , it said , citing unnamed sources .
The plan , to be announced late next week at the earliest , could ultimately involve “ hundreds of billions ” of dollars in the $ 700 billion program , the Post said .
Companies best positioned to receive the government money may be those that resemble banks and engage in lending to businesses or consumers , the newspaper said .
Treasury Department officials are evaluating which financial companies could become a bank or thrift holding company and remain viable in the long run , it said .
However , companies like GMAC , which finances auto purchases , could face difficulties because of a long - standing government rule that a commercial business cannot own more than 24.9 percent of a bank , the newspaper said .
General Motors owns 49 percent of GMAC .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Brad on Russian TV ... "
( 10 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... John Ennis said on 10/13/2008 @ 10:39 am PT ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/13/2008 @ 11:31 am PT ...
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 10/13/2008 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Progressive Mews said on 10/13/2008 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
You are the third person I 've heard was interviewed by Russian press recently .
The other two are Thom Hartmann , and Vincent Bugliosi .
It makes me wonder why this sudden swell of interest in US politics is happening , and especially in the people that are openly scrutinizing US policies and politicians .
Perhaps Palin saying that we may have to go to war with Russia made an impact ?
Surely our loud vocal support of Georgia DID .
I 'm not saying it 's a bad thing , but I find it fascinating .
Another commonality , you three are all being shunned by the mainstream - for the most part anyway .
I LOVE when you said , " With all due respect , the US is starting to look like the former Soviet Union " - totally HOT !!!
It reminds of when Putin ( when president ) and their press had countered Bush 's comments on Russia 's need to become more democratic with essentially , " What about your electoral college , and the firing of Dan Rather ? "
I have to ask about the last question you answered about when the election system will change .
I 'm thinking that the Democrats will win on both local and national levels in many areas ( just because it is unprecedented for the party of a failing administration to continue to hold very many seats ) .
I also think that the Republicans are ready to say that they were screwed , and that they will argue everything from the " Bradley effect " to ACORN .
Surely the ACORN thing is preparation for exactly that , and we all know they are going to challenge the crap out of every left - vote cast .
However , I 'm not so sure that alone will change the system .
Why are you so sure it would ?
And why on earth would they blow the whistle on something that could very easily still work well for them in the future ?
I 've been a frequent reader here for almost two years now , and I heard you on Randi Rhodes today .
I 'm really glad you are getting the attention you deserve , Brad .
your work is more important than EVER ; and like Randi said , " You 're my new best friend " until AND beyond Election Day !
Thank you for all you do .
Fox hosts imply homeless do n't deserve to vote David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday October 2 , 2008
Print This Email This
The hosts of Fox and Friends are concerned that a program in Ohio which allows same - day registration and voting could provide opportunities for voter fraud or manipulation .
" Before you could try and actually prove where they actually live , " complained Gretchen Carlson , " if they 're actually residents , or they 're just Mary Poppins . "
A one - week overlap in Ohio between the start of early voting and the end of voter registration provides a period during which it is possible to do both at the same time .
The Obama campaign has been taking full advantage of this " Golden Week " to get its likely supporters to the polls , while Ohio Republicans have not done so and even sued in September to challenge the practice .
The Fox hosts spoke by phone to Shelby Holliday , a recent college graduate who blogs at Palestra.net , a " video - based college news network " associated with Fox News .
Holliday reported on Tuesday that she had witnessed busloads of homeless people being brought in to vote .
Holliday told
Fox she had interviewed people who " were telling me that they were with organizations that were picking homeless people off the streets and bringing them to the polls and encouraging them to vote . "
" If they 're bringing them out of a homeless shelter , what are they telling them is in it for them ? "
Steve Doocy asked Holliday .
" The organizers are really just trying to help people who do n't have ID 's or do n't have a permanent address to get out there and cast ballots , " Holliday replied .
The National Coalition for the Homeless has been pressing for voting rights for homeless people , pointing out that " courts have addressed the ambiguities in state election laws and found that homeless people cannot be denied the right to vote " and citing court cases which have ruled , among other things , that " homeless people may designate a shelter , park , or street corner as their residence . "
Recent requirements in some states for official voter ID cards have raised fresh barriers for homeless voters , but in Ohio it is possibly to get around the ID card requirement through early voting , which requires only providing the last four digits of a social security number .
However , Fox 's Brian Kilmeade was determined to see the program to help homeless voters as an opportunity for manipulation .
" Do you think that some of them on the drive in there are telling them who to vote for ? " he asked Holliday .
Holliday 's phone signal was breaking up as she answered , but she appeared to be saying that the organizers described themselves as non-partisan but that some of the homeless voters " did not know exactly what was going on . "
Holliday 's original blog entry on Tuesday was much more negative in its depiction of the homeless voters .
" I am skeptical that some volunteers approach the situation from an ' I 'll help you if you help me ' standpoint , if you know what I mean ... " she wrote .
" It dawned on me about the time a homeless man stumbled over , reeking of booze and mumbling his words , to ask if he could be on TV .
Did these guys even know what was going on ??
' Who are you voting for ? '
I asked another homeless man .
' Baraaaack , ' he replied .
' I want him to do his thang , you know , do his THUG THIZZLE , you know ... ' "
" As I started interviewing the homeless men , it became clear that some of their ' buddies ' who drove them to the polls were pushing quite an agenda .
I am not saying all volunteers did this , but there were certainly a few .
It appeared as if the homeless guys were being bribed with rides , food , and who - knows - what to go ' vote . '
My new THUG - THIZZLE friend told me that he was n't even from Ohio and that he was getting on a Greyhound to go back to Chicago . "
" With Ohio being such a close state , is this right ? " concluded Gretchen Carlson .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast October 2 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Researchers at The University of Nottingham have shown an association between certain past diagnostic radiation procedures and an increased risk of young - onset prostate cancer — a rare form of prostate cancer which affects about 10 per cent of all men diagnosed with the disease .
The study , the first of its kind to report the relationship between low dose ionising radiation from diagnostic procedures and the risk of prostate cancer , was funded by the Prostate Cancer Research Foundation ( PCRF ) and is part of the UK Genetic Prostate Cancer Study ( UKGPCS ) .
The study showed that men who had a hip or pelvic X - ray or barium enema 10 years previously were two and a half times more likely to develop prostate cancer than the general population .
And the link appeared to be stronger in men who had a family history of the disease .
The research was led by Professor Kenneth Muir , from the Division of Epidemiology and Public Health at The University of Nottingham , in association with Dr Rosalind Eeles at The Institute of Cancer Research and The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust .
Professor Muir said : “ Although these results show some increase in the risk of developing prostate cancer in men who had previously had certain radiological medical tests we want to reassure men that the absolute risks are small and there is no proof that the radiological tests actually caused any of the cancers . ”
Four hundred and thirty one men , diagnosed with young onset prostate cancer — men diagnosed with the disease before the age of 60 — took part in the study .
The exposure to radiation was part of normal medical procedures which were performed 5 , 10 or 20 years before diagnosis .
Procedures included hip and leg X - rays , for example taken after an accident , and barium meals and enemas which are used to diagnose problems with the digestive system .
At this stage the evidence linking diagnostic radiation procedures and prostate cancer is still weak .
This research suggests that further investigation into this link should be undertaken .
X -ray procedures used for diagnostic purposes deliver very small amounts of radiation per procedure .
Their use is minimised in current medical practice .
For most people X - rays do not increase the risk of developing cancer .
The results of the study have been published online in the British Journal of Cancer .
DAYTONA BEACH , Fla . — Barack Obama made the calamity on Wall Street the central theme of his case against John McCain on Saturday , invoking the crisis to pound his rival on Social Security , health care and government reform .
The scope of Obama ’s argument demonstrated how the biggest financial bailout since the Great Depression has shifted the terms of debate in the White House contest .
In two days of campaigning across Florida , the Democratic presidential nominee made it the foundation of a wide - ranging assault on his Republican opponent .
McCain , in turn , has used it to sharpen his criticism of Obama .
Playing off the pocketbook anxieties of the state ’s huge elderly population , Obama reminded Floridians that McCain backed President Bush ’s doomed effort to let Americans invest Social Security benefits in the stock and bond markets .
If McCain had his way , Obama said , millions last week “ would ’ve watched as the market tumbled and their nest egg disappeared before their eyes . ”
“ I know Senator McCain is talking about a casino culture on Wall Street , but the fact is he ’s the one who wants to gamble with your life savings , ” Obama told 2,500 supporters in a theater at Bethune - Cookman University .
In fact , McCain has favored giving only future retirees — not current beneficiaries — the option to invest Social Security savings .
McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds called Obama ’s attack “ a desperate attempt to gain political advantage using scare tactics and deceit . ”
“ John McCain is 100 percent committed to preserving Social Security benefits for seniors , and Barack Obama knows it , ” he said .
As Obama wrapped up his Florida trip with rallies in Daytona Beach and Jacksonville , McCain took a break from campaigning Saturday .
He attended a football game and his 50th class reunion at the Naval Academy in Annapolis , Md .
Obama ’s appeal for elderly support was part of a concentrated weeklong push by the Democrat in Florida .
He plans to spend a few days in the Tampa Bay area this week in preparation for his first debate with McCain on Friday in Oxford , Miss .
Most polls have found Florida leaning toward McCain , but some recent surveys suggested the race was closer in the state that Bush won by 537 votes in 2000 .
“ We can win this thing without Florida , but boy , it ’s a lot easier if we win Florida , ” Obama told donors Friday night at a Miami fundraiser .
But Obama ’s main focus Saturday was upheaval in the financial markets .
Citing the breakdown in government oversight , he recalled McCain ’s description of himself as “ fundamentally a deregulator . ”
Obama read — verbatim , and with an exaggerated tone of sarcasm — a quote from an article on health care that McCain wrote in Contingencies , a trade publication for actuaries .
“ Opening up the health insurance market to more vigorous nationwide competition , as we have done over the last decade in banking , would provide more choices of innovative products less burdened by the worst excesses of state - based regulation , ” Obama read .
“ So let me get this straight , ” he said .
“ He wants to run health care like they ’ve been running Wall Street .
Well , Senator , I know some folks on Main Street who are n’t going to think that ’s such a good idea . ”
Turns out his kitchen is through the door at the end of the hall and not through the burning obsidian maw that opened up in his basement .
- Alex
Computer speakers come in various shapes , sizes and designs and each has its own benefit and advantage : sound , looks , convenience or any other reason which a user logically justifies the reason to make the purchase .
Below we have gathered 16Â coolÂ computer speakers that are good for your computer , portable MP3 players or perhaps you would want to hook up to your home stereo .
1 Creepy Skull Speakers
These skull speakers Ubergizmo found may be a little creepy , but I am sure many 15 year olds would love to get their hands on them .
The blue glow along with the evil dead look could be exactly what your office desk needs from a set of computer speakers .
Hey , it could definitely be an addition of character or the ‘ do n’t mess with me ’ signal .
2 The Ferrari Art Engine Speaker
This unique speaker is branded by the infamous Ferrari and presents so in every angle , section , and performance .
From the powerful Ferrari Red color to the netted duct speakers for the amazing sound , this Ferrari speaker is made to perfection .
Standing at 47 inches tall , the Ferrari Art Engine aims to bring the performance associated with the vehicle to
your stereo .
By the way , it comes with a limited edition Ferrari price tag of only $ 20,000 .
3 Apple Speakers
Besides the name many have grown to love , these Apple speakers are extremely compact and esthetic looking .
Gadgetastic has presented them a while back , and I always thought these are beautiful enough to lure the likes of Snow White – an amazing Red Apple .
On a good note , they are convenient , hook up by a simple USB and can be great external computer speakers for your laptop .
4 Music Cubed
The Cubed computer speakers announced by Aving are simple , clean , and would fit perfectly in any corner of your desk .
With their dimensions of only 61.5 x 61.5 x 63 mm , the size is extremely compact , and the 2 - channel sound is sufficient for more than a few .
You could replace the Giant Homemade Rubik ’s cube subwoofer with many of these cubed speakers which would barely be noticed .
5 Godlike Speakers
All hail these Godlike computers speakers found at DVICE .
The color pattern and lord shape are actually fun and put a smile on my face .
As you plug in this speaker , it is as if the gods speak out and order you to listen , so listen on .
6 Set the Mood with the Moon
The Moonlight Speakers cannot help but calm you down .
As seen at Freshome , these come in various sizes , illuminate beautifully , and could help set any mood you wish .
Just imagine having these in your living room for a small get - together , romantic dinner , or when reading a book alone .
7 Voodoo Doll Speakers
I know this is not a true voodoo doll , but that is the first thing that came to my mind when I saw these computer speakers at Technabob .
With two separate speakers coming out of this morbid looking doll , you cannot stop and wonder what the sound will be like .
The dark color combined with the stitched eyes make these computer speakers a little more than just eerie .
8 Sony Golf Ball Sized Speakers
We sometimes attempt to rearrange oure office , so our computer desk or stereo would fit just right and
compact …and then the computer speakers mess our perfect equation .
This does not have to happen with these Golf Ball Sized Speakers from Sony .
These speakers provide the sound we are used to from major Sony scomputer speaker but place it all in extremely tiny and convenient size .
9 Oversized iPod Earbud speakers
Imagine the iPod Earbuds but 500 times the regular size .
That is what UberReview presented with these computer speakers .
Looking just like the iPod earbuds , these are supersized replicas to listen to the sound externally from your
laptop or desktop .
It could be an Alice in Wonderland reference or simply someone who loved the earbuds so much , they never wanted to listen to music any other way .
10 Self Conscience Speaker Buddies
When I first saw these Speaker Buddies at HomeTone I kind of felt bad for them .
I wondered what kind of abuse they have been through , how loud they were ordered to play the music , and why they seem so sad .
It seems that designer Alex Underwood simply wanted to combine the material with a child - like posture , no more , no less .
As they come in pairs , we do not have to worry , becuase these computer speakers are truly always with a friend .
11 Sony Ericsson Bluetooth Speakers
Uncrate found these great speakers to work with your wireless Bluetooth .
They remind me of the Space Cube PC for some reason but in a circle .
Did that sound odd ?
The orb shaped speakers work both by Bluetooth and a 3.5 Jack .
Moreover , they are rechargable , so you do not have to squeeze the juice out of an external device .
12 Expandable Accordion Like Speaker
These expandable computer speakers found at TFTS are simply said cute as being small enough to fit in your
pocket .
As such as they are extremely small speakers , they still provides a 2.4W output , and a full charge of its USB
rechargable battery can play music for 6 - 8 hours .
Sound like a small decision to make .
13 The Sony Rolly
Although the Sony Rolly is more like a boombox , robot , or dancer than a computer speaker , it outputs music like all the rest and its mystery provides it a spot .
What is the Sony Rolly ?
Below is the original teaser commercial that makes you simply ask the question
again …’ what is the Sony Rolly ? ’ –
An extremely portable music player with built in speakers to light up and
provide the music in your next party .
Simply put !
14 Yamaha Cubed Speaker
Although there was already a cubed speaker on the list , the NX - AO1 comes straight from the major company Yamaha .
It is a little larger with 9 cm for each of its sides , but provides sound from the major sound maker Yamaha .
In addition , it has a one button touch conveniently placed at the top to power the cube , mute it , or change the volume .
15 Alfa Speakers
A half alien , half oversized phone handset looking pair of speakers could add a modern look to your stereo system and living room .
GeekAlerts mention these could be used as regular speakers or set up for your sound surround .
Either way , I may not be able to focus on the sound with these huge speakers trying to stare me down .
16 Cute Bear Computer Speakers
Besides the cute picture , there is a user video that shows these two bears in action .
Although they are able to perform pretty loud , turn down the volume a bit , for the user over did it .
You would n’t expect that sound from such furry bear computer speakers , but they deliver with the love for music .
They are only $ 22.99 for a pair at SourcingMap .
Shadow 2.0 Finalità del ProgettoElenco dei membri del Governo Ombra___08/12/2009
Il presente intervento è a titolo personale e i suoi contenuti non impegnano in nessun modo il Governo Ombra del Comune e della Provincia di Parma Shadow [… ]
If Republican presidential candidate John McCain wants to salvage his tattered reputation for decency and perhaps even his sagging campaign , here 's the speech he ought to deliver this weekend :
My friends , I want to tell you a few things about my opponent , Barack Obama , that I want all of you to know and remember .
Senator Obama is a patriotic American , as American as you or I .
He loves this country and he wants , as badly as I do , to keep our citizens safe and to help them lead prosperous , healthy lives .
He wants to improve education , clean up the environment and increase our nation 's stature around the world , just as I do .
We happen to have very different ideas about how to meet these goals .
But Barack Obama is not a terrorist , as some of my supporters have shouted during campaign rallies .
He is not a terrorist sympathizer or a secret ally of America 's enemies , as certain guest and hosts on cable TV talk programs have said recently .
He is not a criminal .
He is not a baby killer .
He is not a pervert .
Those who have been saying otherwise in the heat of this campaign are deeply wrong .
Those who have been invoking Sen .
Obama 's middle name in an effort to suggest that he is somehow foreign or has hidden foreign ties are disgraceful .
Their words -- their signs and their chants -- have created a poisonous , even dangerous atmosphere not only in these mobs , but in this country .
I hear people are expressing fear that we may elect as president an enemy of the United States and of our form of government .
That 's false .
And that kind of talk not only risks dividing us deeply as a people , but it can also lead to violence .
I reject it .
I reject the support of people who , in my name , level such attacks on a good American and true patriot such as Barack Obama .
When I say that he is a " risky " candidate for president , I do n't mean that he is an enemy of the United States .
When I ask my followers , " Who is Barack Obama ? "
I do n't mean to offer a wink to the vile smears about him in a viral e-mail of that name , but to suggest that voters have not examined his record closely enough .
Barack Obama is not an extremist , my friends .
He is a liberal United States senator with whom I have many honest disagreements .
In the closing weeks of this hard fought race , I want my campaign staff and my supporters to highlight those disagreements and use those contrasts to persuade voters that I have a far better plan to lead this nation during the difficult months and years ahead than the gentleman from Illinois .
I want my campaign and my supporters to highlight the differences in our records , our experience , our agendas , and our judgment .
I want them to be tough in making the argument that I am the stronger , steadier and more seasoned candidate for President of the United States .
I believe they can and will make that argument and that Gov. Sarah Palin and I will win on Nov. 4 .
And when we do ( or on the off chance we do n't ) , I do n't want the country to be any more fractured , angry and scared than it already is .
No matter what the outcome , I want all of us to be able to come together on the morning of Nov. 5 -- not as Republicans and Democrats , liberals and conservatives , but as Americans united in optimism determination and pride .
A good and fundamentally decent man will be our president elect .
He will need the hopes and prayers of a nation to lift him .
As one we must say " God bless him .
And God bless the United States of America . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama has built a 4 - point lead over Republican rival John McCain in the race for the White House , aided by growing support from women and independent voters , according to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released on Thursday .
Obama led McCain 48 percent to 44 percent among likely U.S. voters in the national poll , up from a 2 percentage - point advantage for Obama on Wednesday .
The poll has a margin of error of 2.8 percentage points .
Obama expanded his advantage among independents to 13 points from 9 and his lead among women grew to 9 points from 7 .
The Illinois senator moved slightly ahead of McCain among Roman Catholic voters and now leads or is even with McCain in all age groups except those above age 70 .
“ Obama seems to be doing well among the groups that he really needs like women and independents , ” pollster John Zogby said .
“ McCain needs to do much better with them . ”
McCain , a former Navy fighter pilot and Vietnam prisoner of war who has focused on security issues , was only running even with Obama among families with a member in the military .
“ That is not a good sign for McCain , ” Zogby said .
The tracking poll , which will sample public opinion until the November 4 election , was taken Monday through Wednesday .
About one - third of the survey was conducted after Tuesday night ’s second debate , which featured sharp exchanges on the economic crisis .
McCain had hoped the debate could help him reshape a race that has been trending toward Obama , but Zogby said the one - day sample taken after the debate showed about a 6 - point advantage for Obama .
“ McCain did not help himself in the debate , that ’s pretty clear , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 20 images )
Obama has solidified his lead in most national polls in recent weeks as the Wall Street crisis focused attention on the economy , where polls show Obama ’s approach is favored by voters .
Independent Ralph Nader and Libertarian Bob Barr each registered support from 1 percent of respondents in the poll .
Four percent of voters said they were still undecided .
The rolling tracking poll surveyed 1,203 likely voters in the presidential election .
In a tracking poll , the most recent day ’s results are added while the oldest day ’s results are dropped in an effort to track changing momentum .
Twenty - two years have passed since the BBC's Grange Hill depicted the descent of Zammo Maguire - played by Lee MacDonald - into drug - addled hell .
Out of his mind on heroin , Zammo was plagued by zits and wore a stupefied expression .
To millions , heroin just seemed a bit rubbish .
Three years later I bumped into ' Zammo ' in a nightclub in the Lake District .
His spots had cleared up and he was surrounded by women .
Sure , Zammo had fame , but in truth he was no looker .
Instead , his appeal seemed incontrovertible proof that the drugs do work .
But , of course , there was one other thing that guaranteed to increase the lure of strong drugs more than Zammo 's sexual magnetism ever could - it was the , er , Establishment telling you to just say no .
Later came the realisation that not everyone who forgot to say the n-word actually died .
Eventually , even the government realised that the zits of Zammo were doing little to curb Britain 's burgeoning drug culture .
Eventually , in 2003 , came Frank .
Now Frank may have sounded like a middle - aged bloke who had never inhaled , but he was a mate .
Frank played it straight .
Frank was the figurative friend who fronted the government 's new £ 3 m ' Talk to Frank ' anti-drug information service but , in a transparent attempt to gain some credibility , Frank seemed to be trying too hard .
All right , so Frank warned that crystal meth would make your teeth fall out - very uncool by the way - but it joked about heroin in a way that even Zammo would have found unfunny .
The Home Office campaign included a radio advert that showed an addled shop assistant muddling his words during a mundane exchange with a customer .
To this day , the unintentional comedy routine remains the last time the government could be accused of trying to squeeze a laugh out of heroin , a drug whose UK death toll runs into the thousands .
Ever eager not to be a spoilsport , Frank also revealed that ecstasy promoted affection .
One prime - time television commercial depicted a high street bustling with adults on the drug hugging , not just each other , but lampposts , street signs - anything they could grab really .
Choose hugs and you too should do drugs , ran the hard - hitting message .
Was this not slightly confused - who does n't like a good cuddle ?
It was all rather different from the mid-Nineties poster campaign Sorted , which featured teenager Leah Betts on a life - support machine after her 18th birthday party , during which she took ecstasy .
The ad triumphed in attracting the predictable dose of opprobrium from the mainstream media , but fell short when hug - heavy clubbers kept on holding hands in their hundreds of thousands .
Ultimately , its message would morph into the serious revelation that H2O could kill .
Betts , said the official inquest , died not from ecstasy , but from drinking seven litres of water in 90 minutes to offset the drug 's dehydrating effect .
But Zammo and Frank were not the first campaigns to have dabbled clumsily with Britain 's complex drug culture .
A year before Zammo's face erupted , a series of anti-drugs films opened with the line Heroin Screws You Up.
Designed to shock , its exposé of the horrors of heroin and brutal portrayal of high - cheek - boned addicts unintentionally set a glamorous template for the ' heroin - chic ' waif style .
In short , Britain 's anti-narcotics campaigns have largely failed to address the complexities of drug culture .
Ministers even recently considered one aimed at primary school children , which included explaining what the most exciting drugs looked like and not to touch needles .
North of the border , research to appraise the effectiveness of the Scottish Executive 's Know The Score anti-cocaine campaign confirmed that more than one in 10 who have seen it are more likely to have a sniff .
Elsewhere , a government - funded drugs charity reveals how to roll a joint , accompanied with the unswervingly sensible advice : ' Do n't get caught . '
Another government - funded service sends sassy literature to classrooms with its cannabis pamphlet resembling a Rizla packet , presumably so pupils do n't run short of decent roach material .
Time , perhaps , to bring back Zammo .
So word has leaked out about one of those additional things that Sarah Palin knew nothing about in an interview with Katie Couric – and from someone in the Palin camp , no less , for reasons clearly of their own devising if somewhat inscrutable to me .
From Jonathan Martin's blog at the Politico :
Of concern to McCain 's campaign , however , is a remaining and still - undisclosed clip from Palin 's interview with Couric last week that has the political world buzzing .
The Palin aide , after first noting how " infuriating " it was for CBS to purportedly leak word about the gaffe , revealed that it came in response to a question about supreme court decisions .
After noting Roe v Wade , Palin was apparently unable to discuss any major court cases .
There was no verbal fumbling with this particular question as there was with some others , the aide said , but rather silence .
Let 's not pussyfoot around this .
This is appalling .
Remember , and always remember : if McCain - Palin are elected , Palin stands a better chance of actually becoming the president than any vice - presidential nominee since , well , probably since Harry Truman , who did .
So we might elevate to the presidency someone who can produce the name of only one supreme court decision .
For my British readers , let me explain something .
Een mai cahntree , the supreme court has a particular aura and lore .
One learns about the court as a schoolchild .
A special tone of reverence often creeps into teacher 's voice .
If nothing else one is taught pretty early and pretty thoroughly the following : Marbury v Madison ( 1803 ) set the precedent of judicial review ; the Dred Scott decision ( 1857 ) upheld slavery ; Plessy v Ferguson ( 1896 ) upheld segregation ; and Brown v Board of Education ( 1954 ) ended it .
For the mildly curious American of Palin's ( and my ) generation , round two of supreme court schooling might include United States v Nixon , in which the court unanimously ordered Richard Nixon to turn over the Watergate tapes , which forced Nixon 's resignation ; Baker v Carr , which established the principle of one person , one vote ; University of California v Bakke , in which the court initially upheld affirmative action ; and of course Roe v Wade .
I am not saying that every American knows or should know these eight decisions .
Lord knows most Americans probably do n't know how many justices sit on the court ( now that I think of it , probably a good question for Palin ) .
But it seems to me not too much to ask that someone who might be the vice - president or even president of the United States should know them , and many more important court decisions .
This is insanity .
I understand that there are people who do n't think it matters that a candidate knows anything about American history .
If she 's " like me , " that 's enough .
Well , I 'm sorry , but if she 's " like you " and you can name only one supreme court decision from all of history , then that 's not enough to be the vice - president and help run the country , and I 'm not an elitist for saying so .
And of course there is something to be read into the fact that she knows only Roe .
Obviously , there are millions of evangelicals and other abortion opponents who are n't blithering fools and who feel passionately about Roe but also know a lot about the high court .
So I 'm not saying all abortion opponents are like her , by a long shot .
I am saying that it tells us something revealing about her world view that her sense of intellectual responsibility to learn about the court does n't extend to a single other area .
And indeed her curiosity about the law of her country and this unique evil of abortion ( as she surely thinks of it ) does n't even extend to her feeling the need to learn a thing about the other major abortion - related decisions !
We are far , far down the rabbit hole here .
A part of me would like , at Thursday 's night debate , to see moderator Gwen Ifill , one of America 's finest television journalists , ask Palin some simple factual questions , just basic things about our history and our system of government .
But Ifill probably wo n't do that , and it 's probably not even a good idea to do that , because it will be " condescending . "
And even " sexist . "
So we are then confronted with a situation in which we have three candidates who quite clearly know a great deal about American governance and history – just like every nearly other candidate in recent history , with the semi-exception of George Bush and the very likely exception of Dan Quayle – and one who knows next to nothing about these things and who by all appearances has never cracked open a book of history in her life .
And yet we cannot discuss that openly and frankly , at least on television , because to do so only provides evidence of the crimes of condescension etc that I listed above .
And now , even as some conservatives have urged her to remove herself from the ticket , we 've simultaneously entered a " Sorry for Sarah " phase .
Judith Warner offered a silly example of the genre in her New York Times column :
I 'll bet you anything that her admirers – the ones whose hearts really and truly swell with a sense of kinship to her – see or sense it in her , too .
They know she can't possibly do it all – the kids , the special - needs baby , the big job , the big conversations with foreign leaders .
And neither could they .
Uh , Judith .
No , they could not .
And that 's completely fine , because they should n't be a heartbeat away from the presidency anymore than Palin should .
Gosh , First Dude , can you drive the kids to soccer practice ?
John is just insisting that I learn about this Kashmir place today .
I know , I thought it was kinda neat that it was more than the name of a Zeppelin song , too !
Every so often , a writer happens to be firing on all cylinders and lays waste to an argument that is a waste of our time .
Rebecca Traister has done us this service in Salon .
It 's must reading .
A small taste :
Sarah Palin is no wilting flower .
She is a politician who took the national stage and sneered at the work of community activists .
She boldly tries to pass off incuriosity and lassitude as regular - people qualities , thereby doing a disservice to all those Americans who also work two jobs and do not come from families that hand out passports and backpacking trips , yet still manage to pick up a paper and read about their government and seek out experience and knowledge .
Expectations for her performance on Thursday are so low that she may well stumble through .
Ifill and Joe Biden will both have to be deft .
We all have to go through this charade of pretending that the obvious is n't true .
The threat is that the charade may overpower the truth .
But even if it does , the truth will still be the truth , and the truth is that she does not belong anywhere near national leadership .
Skeptic Society founder Michael Shermer dedicates his life to debunking myths , superstitions and urban legends , and also explaining why we believe them .
In this utterly brilliant TED talk , Michael shows us how , by telling someone what to hear ( in a piece of backwards music ) you can make anyone hear whatever you want them to hear , with enough manipulation .
I wonder if this sounds familiar to anyone watching the US presidential race ?
Vodpod videos no longer available .
IBM Lotus Domino with BlackBerry Enterprise Server : Performance best practices
From the developerWorks archives
Aaron Payne
|
This article is designed to act as a guide and reference paper for configuring BlackBerry Enterprise Server with IBM ® Lotus® Domino® .
It focuses on the load implications of running BlackBerry Enterprise Server within a Lotus Domino mail environment .
It is designed to highlight areas where this load can be controlled and minimized .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
Description :
One of my all time favorite girls , the Luscious Perscilla , just sent us this set in which she 's wearing a S& F shirt .
She 's even nice enough to give us a bit of a flash .
Views : 142933 Date : 10/07/08 Favorited : 8
GOP Rep. : Obama , Congress may be ' anti- American ' David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Friday October 17 , 2008
Print This Email This Sen. Barack Obama and certain members of Congress should be investigated by the media for " being anti-American , " Congresswoman Michelle Bachmann ( R - MN ) said .
The Democratic presidential candidate 's ties to 1960s radical Bill Ayers and Rev. Jeremiah Wright cast suspicion on his claims to American values , Bachmann said in an interview with MSNBC's Chris Matthews .
She also connected " leftists " and " liberals " to her allegations about Obama 's character .
" The news media should do a penetrating expose and take a look ... at the views of the people in Congress and find out , ' Are they pro-America or anti-America ? ' "
Bachmann said .
" I think people would love to see an expose like that . "
Obama and his campaign have condemned the radical activities of Ayers , carried out when Obama was 8 years old , the Associated Press reported .
There is no evidence they were close friends or that Obama received advice from Ayers on policy .
When asked by Matthews why Obama 's connection to Ayers is important , Bachmann said it " calls into question what Barack Obama 's true beliefs " are , and called him the " most liberal senator in the United States Senate . "
Matthews asked Bachmann what the connection is between liberals and anti-Americanism .
This was her response :
" Anti-American is the point .
The liberals that are Jeremiah Wright and that are Bill Ayers are over - the - top anti-American and that 's the question that Americans have . "
Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin said Obama " pals around with terrorists " in a clip shown by Matthews .
Bachmann agreed with Palin 's statement .
Palin slammed Obama in a Friday speech for his connections to the controversial Rev. Wright , who was Obama 's pastor for 20 years .
Bachmann 's statements stoked anger in Katrina Vanden Heuvel , editor of The Nation , who said the congresswoman represented a kind of " American fascism . "
" I fear for my country , " Vanden Heuvel said .
" I think what we just heard was a congresswoman channeling Joe McCarthy , channeling a politics of fear and loathing and demonization and division and distraction . "
She continued to say Bachmann 's comments were " so debased that I 'm kind of almost having a hard time breathing because I think it 's very scary . "
But Matthews also spoke to Pat Buchanan , who said he agreed with all of Congresswoman Bachmann 's comments except for the insinuation that liberal members of Congress are un-American .
Buchanan criticized Vanden Heuvel for using the same fear - mongering language she attacked Bachmann for .
" Nobody called Obama a traitor and a terrorist , " Buchanan said .
This video is from MSNBC's Hardball , broadcast October 17 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Katrina Vanden Heuvel responds to Michelle Bachmann
Download video via RawReplay.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Major European economies have announced multi-billion euro rescue schemes to shore up their banks .
Germany has approved a package worth up to 500bn euros ( £ 393bn ; $ 683bn ) , France will spend about 350bn euros and Spain has set aside 100 bn euros .
The bulk of this money will be used to guarantee lending between banks - part of a plan agreed to this weekend by the 15 nations that use the euro .
Meanwhile , President George W Bush said nations were taking " decisive action " .
Speaking with Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi , he said the US was continuing to work closely with Europe .
The cash injection by France , German and Spain was echoed by similar moves by Austria and Italy .
Austria is to spend up to 85bn euros , while the Italian government pledged to inject as much money as needed without giving any figures .
France and Germany will also use the cash to take stakes in ailing banks .
The announcements helped to lift investor confidence , with stock markets rising worldwide .
Two - fold plan
The two - fold plan involves guaranteeing lending between banks and taking stakes in financial institutions - similar to the bank rescue in the UK announced last week .
This is a massive engagement
French President Nicolas Sarkozy
Markets surge after crisis talks
Will the rescue efforts work ?
The US is also getting ready follow in Europe 's footsteps and purchase stakes in financial institutions .
" We are designing a standardised programme to purchase equity in a broad array of financial institutions , " said Neel Kashkari , the treasury official in charge of the US government 's $ 700 bn bail - out package .
Monday 's other key developments included :
The UK government said it would inject up to £ 37bn of taxpayers cash into Royal Bank of Scotland , Lloyds TSB and HBOS
US shares , tracking earlier gains in Europe and Asia , rocketed 11 % as investors welcomed fresh efforts by global leaders to end the recent financial turmoil
The world 's major central banks said they would offer financial institutions an unlimited amount of short - term dollar loans to help stem the crisis
The Icelandic stock exchange said share trading would remain suspended until Tuesday because of continuing " unusual market conditions " .
' Massive ' French President Nicolas Sarkozy said France would offer up to 40bn euros to provide banks with the financing they needed via a public company in which the state would the only shareholder .
" This is a massive engagement , " he said .
He added that no financial institution would be allowed to collapse .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said that the measures being taken would only work if they were accompanied by more robust regulation that will curb " market excesses . "
" The package passed by the German government will serve the financial system and ought to serve to protect the citizens and not just serve to protect the banking system , " she said .
Fund Unlike France , Germany and Britain , Spain 's Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said that Spain did not need to take stakes in any banks because its banks were solvent .
However , last week the Spanish government announced the creation of a 30bn euro fund to buy assets from Spanish banks to help stabilise the lending industry and unfreeze credit .
At present banks are reluctant or unable to loan cash to fellow financial institutions due to fears about whether the money will be paid back .
It is this lending between banks that traditionally lubricates the banking system , freeing up cash for lending to private individuals and other firms .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( CNN ) --
Her faith is one of the reasons many evangelical Christians are excited about Sarah Palin 's addition to the Republican presidential ticket , but the Alaska governor 's evangelical beliefs have also drawn scrutiny .
Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council says evangelicals are closely watching the McCain campaign .
Evangelicals are closely watching whether the McCain campaign embraces Palin 's religious views or shies away from them , Tony Perkins , president of Family Research Council , told CNN .
Perkins sat down with CNN's John Roberts on Tuesday to discuss how the vice presidential pick 's faith could influence the presidential election .
Roberts :
For a couple of decades , she was a member of the Pentecostal Assembly of God church .
Six years ago , she changed to the Wasilla Bible Church .
I read an article in which one of her former pastors suggested [ the McCain campaign ] may be playing down her faith because there may be some misunderstanding about her Pentecostalism .
What do you think about all of this ?
Watch how faith could shape the 2008 vote »
Perkins : Obviously people , the polling data would suggest people want a leader or leaders that believe in God [ and ] pray , and I think there 's some sense that there 's a greater accountability there .
But I think the campaign , John , is at a critical point .
John McCain made an incredible selection .
He has turned around the campaign that I think was moving south , and there 's enthusiasm , excitement and hope among social conservative voters .
But ... the next few days , next couple of weeks will be very critical because as you pointed out , her faith has become an issue .
It 's being attacked , being used as a weapon against her .
People are watching .
It will be very important how the McCain campaign handles this .
If they become defensive and run from it and try to hide the fact that there is this element of faith , then I think it 's going to turn off social conservatives , evangelicals , orthodox Christians .
Is the Palin pick a risk ? »
If they say , " Hey , why should someone have to check their faith at the door and move towards the base , " I think it 's going to energize , you know , the socially conservative voters more .
It 's very important how they deal with this in the next few days .
Roberts :
You say people are attacking her because of her faith .
Are they attacking her or asking legitimate questions , such as when she said at the Assembly of God church back in June .
...
[ Palin ] talked about U.S. troops in Iraq , and she put it this way : " Our national leaders are sending them out on a task that 's from God . "
Even some Pentecostals say that could mean that the U.S. is in a holy war with the Muslim world .
Perkins : I think it 's important that you see where these convictions lead her on policy issues , and I think that is part of the scrutiny that she will undergo from socially conservative voters .
Roberts :
Do you have any idea at this point about how her faith will inform how she governs ?
Perkins : No .
There 's not a lot of evidence in Alaska other than , you know , she 's conservative .
I mean there 's not -- you can't point to a lot of policies that people say [ she adopted ] because she 's a conservative evangelical .
Watch Palin 's budget priorities »
You do n't see a lot of that .
I think what people are looking for from the McCain campaign is :
He 's made a great selection .
He has their attention .
He 's built hope and enthusiasm .
Are they going to move away from this faith element ?
Are they going to move away from , you know , the base trying to keep her from being too aligned with him or going to run to their strength ?
That will be a critical decision they make in the next several days .
All About Sarah Palin • Family Research Council • John McCain
REPUBLICANS SNUBBING MCCAIN ….
John McCain was in Minnesota yesterday , home to a very competitive U.S. Senate race .
Given the attention that comes with a visit from a presidential candidate , one might assume that Sen. Norm Coleman ( R ) would want to travel alongside his Republican colleague .
But Coleman apparently concluded he was better off without McCain .
Coleman told reporters that he would not be appearing at a planned rally with McCain this afternoon .
Could it be McCain ’s sliding polling numbers in Minnesota ?
His attacks on Obama ?
Coleman said he needs the time to work on suspending his own negative ads .
“ Today , ” he said , “ people need hope and a more positive campaign is a start . ”
What an interesting response .
If Coleman wanted to quietly snub McCain , he could have told reporters he had a scheduling conflict and just could n’t make it to McCain ’s event .
Instead , Coleman made it clear he was deliberately snubbing McCain , siding with “ hope ” and “ a more positive campaign . ”
Nate Silver raised the point that Coleman is n’t necessarily the only Republican reluctant to be seen with the Republican presidential nominee .
There are at least three groups of Republicans that might have an interest in distancing themselves from John McCain .
Firstly , purple - state moderates like Coleman and Gordon Smith who do n’t like the campaign ’s tone .
Secondly , the anti-bailout economic populists in the House who might be looking ahead to 2010 and 2012 .
And thirdly , true conservatives who never trusted McCain that much to begin with .
Far more so than Obama , McCain is dependent on the goodwill of fellow Republicans .
With McCain having opted for public financing , RNC funds are an important part of his advertising budget .
Because he ’s way behind Obama on McCain - branded field offices and ground operatives , he is depending on assistance from state and local party organizations .
Republican enthusiasm lags behind that of Democrats , and so volunteer resources are scarcer ; conservative activists will need to decide if they ’re going to make phone calls to support McCain or to help save their local Republican Congressman .
If McCain ’s poll numbers continue to lag , might we see more of these slights ?
Something to keep an eye on .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - From the poorest of Africa to the United States and big business , a breakneck rally that could take oil to $ 200 a barrel is likely to inflict pain on everyone .
A general view shows oil wells in Los Angeles , California May 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Hector Mata
The world was remarkably resilient to a series of record prices in 2007 , but a roughly 30 percent rise since the end of last year , with predictions of more to come , is harder to absorb .
“ The key issue is the rate of change .
The recent exponential rise is unhealthy for everyone , ” a senior executive from a major oil company said .
He declined to be named .
On the first trading day of 2008 , oil prices hit the $ 100 a barrel level , which once seemed unimaginable .
The price topped $ 125 a barrel on Friday , making a rise to $ 150 probable and to $ 200 possible , according to OPEC ministers and investment bankers alike .
“ If current conditions continue , reaching a period when oil is supplied at $ 200 a barrel is not out of reach , ” Iran ’s Oil Minister Oil Minister Gholamhossein Nozari said this week .
Investment bank Goldman Sachs said the possibility of $ 150 - $ 200 a barrel over the next six - to - 24 months was “ increasingly likely . ”
The bank was one of the first to point to a triple - digit oil price more than two years ago .
Oil at $ 200 a barrel would mean roughly $ 6.50 a gallon for U.S. gasoline , according to figures from Standard Life .
It makes the record $ 3.61 U.S. consumers are now paying seem cheap .
Already , the U.S. consumer has begun to retrench .
“ I think we ’ve reached the point now where we ’re starting to see significant responses from consumers , ” said Jim Hamilton , professor at the University of California in San Diego , adding oil prices were one of the factors that placed the U.S. economy at the risk of recession .
Whatever pain the U.S. feels , it is less than that endured in Africa , where the benefits of international aid to its non-oil producing countries have been wiped out by increased oil costs , a study by the International Energy Agency found at the end of last year .
For emerging economies , an ever bigger burden is financing subsidies their populations consider a birthright .
Major consumer countries like India and China are spending billions of dollars to keep transport costs low , while some smaller players , such as Syria , have decided to stop paying up .
PROFIT AT A PRICE
For all big business , including oil companies , soaring fuel costs can cut profits .
The main difference from the oil crisis of the mid 1970s is that the world is less energy intensive and better at adapting , but its efforts are beginning to eat into growth as firms scramble to reduce the costs , such as wages , they can contain .
“ The speed of adapting to high oil prices has been gathering pace ... and will no doubt intensify if the oil price continues to rise , ” said Richard Batty of Standard Life .
“ However , higher oil prices on a multi - year view remain a hit to corporate margins . ”
Among the first to suffer are airlines , some of which are facing bankruptcy because of higher fuel costs .
The big oil companies have enjoyed record earnings , but they are also paying a price .
“ Exploration and production will benefit from higher prices and the stock market value of shares , ” said a senior oil industry executive .
“ Refining profits will struggle because consumption will decrease and margins will be lower . ”
Oil companies are scarred by the memory of the price crash that followed the rally of the 1970s when heavy investment in production flooded the market with new supplies .
This time they have been slower to bring on more oil and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) has also been cautious about increasing output .
It has held its production targets steady since late last year and resisted a plea from top consumer the United States to raise output when it last met in March .
The group has repeatedly said supplies are adequate and that the market has been driven by speculation .
According to that logic , adding more oil would not halt the rally , but others say it could send a powerful signal .
This week , just before U.S. President George Bush heads to the world ’s biggest oil exporter Saudi Arabia , OPEC felt the need to issue a statement reassuring the market again there was enough oil , but saying it would act if necessary .
“ The market needs something from OPEC and raising supplies could ease the price , ” an OPEC insider said .
The comment was the first in months to depart from the group ’s line that the market ’s momentum was a result of factors beyond its control .
OPEC countries are expected to earn more than a $ 1 trillion this year from oil exports , the U.S. government has forecast , but they too are wary of demand destruction .
If prices continue to rise at the current rate , that possibility becomes more like a probability , with every $ 10 rise in oil knocking about 0.25 percent off gross domestic product in developed countries , according to analysts ’ rule of thumb .
“ It is not in their ( OPEC ’s ) interest to be one of the causes of a major world economic slowdown , ” Batty said .
Good afternoon .
As a freelance designer - turned - brand strategist - turned - hacker - turned - community manager , I spent most of my times working either at home or around coffee shops .
Notwithstanding the fact that beverages are now becoming my biggest monthly expenditures , I still chose to work around gathering places , and places around Northwest Portland .
Why ?
Because the presence of people ( and particularly , hardworking Twitter users ) compels me to work harder , too — and Northwest Portland because the area offers that cliched “ urbane , ” or “ hip , ” or “ rustic meets industrial meets Bauhaus ” atmosphere that so many people with good taste crave .
But , first things first , let me clarify that this post serves to answer one question ( and one question only ) :
Which coffee shop is appropriate for which occassion ?
Now , having spent adequate time in various coffee shops around this area in specific , and Portland in general , I feel that I am able to identify some factors that are present in most , if not all of them .
The analysis are offered in this format :
Name of Factor
Relative Importance
Explanation and / or Anecdote
They are :
Hipster Barista
Extremely important
It should be noted that , in most cases , a hipster barista not only bikes everywhere , drinks PBR and watches indie music concerts — she also consumes coffee in copious quantity , and therefore actually cares about the quality of the coffee , from the beans to the mugs .
Therefore , as far as I ’m concerned , the relative degree of “ Hipsterness ” is directly correlative to quality of cup served .
Bonus if barista is spotted wearing shirt with a flashy — either yellow , hot pink or bright blue — color ( male ) , shirt with the name of a band or club from the 80’s ( female ) and skinny jeans ( both . )
At a certain coffee shop in Southeast Hawthorne Street and 38th Avenue , I have had a barista prepare a cup of Americano and delay the delivery of the double - shot after briefly sniffing the bouquet and declaring that the shot was , in fact , inadequate for his standard before proceeding to dump the cup , apologizing profusely and restarting the process .
If that does n’t show devotion , I do n’t know what else .
Indie music
Mildly Important , although bonus if band is one whose name you have never heard of before and is so obscure that mentioning it at the Sasquatch music festival generates “ I do n’t know ”s and “ what the hell is that ”s .
Also bonus if music is being played extra loudly , or contains either synthesizer instrumentation , guttural vocal and / or cheap - sounding drums that the volume does n’t matter .
The presence of coffee shop and music has become synonymous to one another .
Whether the music is pumped through iPod or a conventional stereo system , there are certain factors that indicates the coffee shop ’s relative attitude , friendliness of barista , fitness for a workspace , fitness for a conversation and quality of food items .
Furniture with Mid-Century Modernist leaning
Optional , but nice to have
What is a coffee shop without a decent chair or table to lounge and do work on ?
Some claims to only pay attention about “ the coffee , and nothing else , ” but do not be fooled .
A good coffee shop would care about the beverages as much as the wall decoration .
This is not considered to be pretentious in The Pearl District .
Aesthetics can range widely , but always fall within these three general patterns :
“ The Couchsurfer , ” low - budget , spare and IKEA-ish
“ The Next Door Neighbor , ” sofa - dominated , low chair ( with padding ) and flowers
“ The Upscale Hipster , ” some designer furniture , roof generally left open and floor unfurnished
Notably , I have spotted an Eames Lounge Chair ( without the ottoman ) on a coffee shop in Northeast Belmont Street and 37th Avenue .
The aesthetics was exactly Upscale Hipster , and the sandwiches were quite good , if not a little bit expensive for such a small quantity .
Outdoor seating
Very important for about two months out of the year , then negligible , bonus if the said seating have electrical outlets nearby , and is sheltered , but otherwise facing direct sunlight
Hailing from a place where the temperature rarely hits below 80° , I ’m a natural sun worshipper .
In the summer , this is the one feature that I judge every coffee shop by — and to my knowledge , only one place could do this ( which is coming in the review , so be patience . )
Stumptown Coffee beans
Arbitrary , but this is Portland , therefore : Very Important
Reliable wifi connection
The most important of all , as well as the reason why this post was written in the first place
Here in Portland , we expect that wifi be fast and coffee be good — on all coffee shop at all time .
After all , if we nomad knowledge workers want to actually get things done and be productive , we need a connection with a decent download and upload speed , and one that does n’t block any port ( such as , you know , email or FTP access . )
Unfortunately , I found this to be the most unpredictable factor of all .
This is why I will devote the rest of this post to review not only which café is appropriate for which activity ( client meeting , coworking , reading , watching time go by , finishing up that intensive project that was due this morning , etc. ) but also which one offers the best service , food and beverage , amenities and — perhaps most importantly — wifi connection .
Here we go .
Address
1022 SW Stark St .
Portland , OR 97205
( 503 ) 224-9060
Amenities
Bar stools
Comfy couches
A big table
A bathroom so clean you may as well polish it while you ’re doing your business
Atmosphere
Mellow , warm and dim
Ideal for
Lounging about
Meetings with friends
Place to stop by on a date
Wifi rating
☝ ½
Never fast , but Google searches in proper speed , so that ’s something , right ?
Pro tip
Out of seating ?
Need to get away with the date when the mood strikes ?
More couches and chairs around a table — that no one ever sits on — are available when you take the stairs beside the hotel reception desk to the 2nd floor .
Amber Case , the Cyborg Anthropologist who holds the title of Most Tabs Open In A Browser Window , told me that you can further take this stairs to the 4th floor , where seating nirvana supposedly lies .
You ’re welcome to prove or debunk this story .
Aside
They will serve your Americano in a small glass , and , to my knowledge , had no tall ones available .
Address
128 SW 3rd Ave .
Portland , OR 97204
( 503 ) 295-6144
Amenities
Bar stools that are actually located around the bar
Medium tables and chairs
A set of couches at the end of the room
two outside tables frequently occupied by hipsters
Atmosphere
Airy
Ideal for
Individual work sessions
Small client meetings
Wifi rating
☝ ☝
Slightly better than Stumptown in the Pearl , but only for light browsing
Pro tip
Come early in the day and grab the couches , an ideal coworking space thanks to skylight and enough separation from the rest of the room .
It ’s also elevated slightly by a platform , so you feel that your job is more important than maxing out a level 70 Night Elf Dark Knight on the side of the room whilst sucking up all the bandwidth — but only slightly .
Aside
Speak softly , I ’ve heard that the room amplifies your voice
Address
1005 W Burnside St .
Portland , OR 97209
( 503 ) 224-4905
Amenities
Plenty of chairs and tables
Atmosphere
Serious and literary , even though they have the comics in there , or whatever the heck they categorize McSweeney ’s humor category as
Ideal for
Working alone , and , to a lesser extent , coworking — because the place is , more often than not , noisy
Wifi rating
☝ ☝ ½
Decent .
Suited for medium browsing , but not for flash - heavy website
Pro tip
People always thought that there ’s no outlet in this space .
Well , here ’s a secret : make a left immediately after you enter the room , past the bookshelves and onto the long - table facing the window .
Look closely , and therein you ’ll see several outlets .
They are the only set of outlets in the room .
There , I just increased your productivity by tenfold
Aside
A Go club meets every Wednesday night for games .
5 to 6 boards are usually played simultaneously , and we all know that watching Go brings zen , right ?
Address
721 NW 9th Ave .
Portland , OR 97209
( 503 ) 546-7377
Amenities
Long plush chairs
A set of couch
Bar stools
Medium tables
Sun-drenched outside seating
Hot Lips pizza next door
Atmosphere
Sunny and chic
Ideal for
Both individual and coworking sessions
Small to medium group meetings
Small to medium client meetings
Wifi rating
Anywhere from zero on the rooftop , to ☝ ☝ ☝ ☝ ☝ on the back of the room
Pro tip
The Ecotrust rooftop is , as far as I ’m concerned , every sun worshipper ’s wet dream , as long as she does n’t need to go online .
It has movable tables , easy chairs , great view of the Jamison Park and the Pearl District , and even a fireplace as a shade if she ever changes her mind .
Outlets are located nearby the wall .
Look for the small , metal boxes .
Also , go to the back of the room “ under the Blanket Of Warmth , ” as Christina Williams put it — which really means “ the right back table , on the chairs facing the front door ” — to get better wifi connectivity .
Aside
How many coffee shops have non-standard ( black ) tea prepared in their fridge ?
This World Cup keeps a secret stash of cold Mango Ceylon in summer months , so you do n’t have to order one with 80 % ice and 20 % tea , or pour a hot one over ice — thus drowning the sweet , sweet nectar with water to a tepid result .
My research have shown that a 20 oz .
cup of non-iced cold tea will remain cold in direct sunlight for about 15 minutes — but I strongly doubt that it would last unconsumed for that long .
Also , Hot Lips , the pizza place next door , has great garlic parmesan and pesto basil breadsticks ( I buy one each and pair them with a cold Mango Ceylon for a filling lunch ) , but very rarely will your waiter offer the marinara or ranch dipping sauces .
Ask for this , and you wo n’t regret it .
Address
115 NW 5th Ave .
Portland , OR 97209
( 503 ) 248-2900
Amenities
Medium tables and chairs
A set of couches
Bar stools
Circular work table
Computers in the back room , for rent
Enough outlets to power your laptop , iPod , Blackberry , digital picture frame , and whatever gadgets you could possibly have
Atmosphere
Geeky and dank ( in a good way ) Rock ’n Roll Bohemian , says Mark Colman
Ideal for
Both individual and coworking sessions
Code sprints
Maxing out your level 70 Night Elf Dark Knight
Small group meetings
Wifi rating
☝ ☝ ☝ &9757 : ½
Outstanding , but a lot of users are always on , so speed may be inconsistent at times
Pro Tip
Get a sour - laced , mango - creme - filled Voodoo Doughnut if the caffeine kick is n’t enough to pump you up to frag your opponents .
Know someone from Vidoop , eROI or Planet Argon ?
Then you ’ll most likely catch her getting a cup of joe .
Aside
Watch for hipster kids setting up their bands , particularly during the evening , around dinnertime .
Backspace is one of the few places in Portland with a very diverse ( credit : Reid Beels ) music genre , which means that the possibility of watching a twee electro - pop and Brit - hair rock playing after a Klingon death metal band all in one night is quite high
Also , watch for Treasurelicious ’
“ Expose your treasures ” sticker on the restroom
Address
1740 NW Glisan St .
Portland , OR 97209
( 503 ) 228-4152
Amenities
Tables and chairs
Atmosphere
“ Very intense and full of people with laptops ” was what I roughly heard from Kevin Chen .
Ideal for
Wifi rating
Unknown , here ’s why :
I ’ve only been to this coffee shop once , two years ago , to meet somebody from Wild Alchemy on a particularly gray September .
This was my one of my first forays into Account Planning , and was then alerted that Wild Alchemy tend to be busy during the end of the year .
I wore either a black or brown dress shirt , a black jacket , and had a Mango Ceylon that was so piping hot , I had to pour it bit - by - bit on the small plate and sip it from there .
This was how coffee was traditionally drunk where I grew up .
I was without a laptop then , and so was n’t able to check on the wireless quality .
The meeting went well .
Pro Tip
This place has free parking , says Brian Krejcarek ( @treefern . )
It should be noted that no other coffee shop reviewed in this series has this feature .
Aside
Nothing here yet .
But I bet that you must know something that I do n’t about this venue .
Address
303 NW 12th Ave
Portland , OR 97209
( 503 ) 241-5300
Amenities
Tables and chairs
High tables for coffee sipping around the bar
Plenty of Italian attitude
Atmosphere
Sleek and serious
Ideal for
Small , medium to large client meeting
Working alone
Wifi rating
Zero
As of my last visit , there is no wifi at this venue
Pro Tip
There are a lot of coffee shops suitable for coworking among friends or finishing up the novel you always wanted to finish but never had the chance to .
Café Umbria is not one of them .
My recent trip proved that the venue is filled with executives and pitching entrepreneurs , which can only mean one thing : Café Umbria is great for client meetings .
Aside
Any attempt to order an “ extra hot non -fat grande pumpkin caramel breve , ” while may only be replied with a condescending chuckle at Stumptown , will cause Café Umbria ’s barista to give you a dirty , dirty look .
Stick with the standard .
You have been warned .
Address
911 NW 14th Ave .
OR , OR 97209
( 503 ) 546-5919
Amenities
Tables and chairs
Outside seatings , sheltered from the sun
Some high tables and chairs
A black leather couch
The Famous Long Table On The Back Of The Room
Atmosphere
Geeky and studious
Ideal for
Working individually , and especially coworking
Small client meetings
Wifi rating
☝ ☝ ☝ ☝ ☝
Solid .
Go here if you need a reliable and fast connection , with good upload speed .
Pro Tip
Urban Grind Northwest is becoming the coworking venue of choice for many Portland creative and tech independents .
Enter the space on almost any day of the week , towards the afternoon or after lunch , and you ’ll most likely find any of these fine people working away at The Famous Long Table On The Back Of The Room :
In short , go here if you ’re itching to meet a Portland Tweeter in real life .
Aside
Bring an extra layer .
Thanks to the air conditioning inside , the temperature inside is , more often than not , colder than what ’s outside .
Also plan to be here for a while , if not for the great atmosphere , then for the relatively slow service .
Address
901 NW 10th Ave .
Portland , OR 97209
( 503 ) 336-1335
Amenities
Medium and tall tables and chairs
Outside seatings
Kids play area
Atmosphere
Sun-drenched and raucous
Ideal for
Individual and coworking sessions
Small client meetings
Working with kids
Wifi rating
☝ ☝ ☝ ☝ ½
Excellent , but FTP port is blocked .
Pro Tip
In my mind , there are only 3 criteria that any coffee hop must fulfill if it ’s to make an ideal work environment :
Great wifi Plenty of outlets
Outside seatings in direct sunlight
For example , note how World Cup Coffee And Tea at Ecotrust only fulfills criteria 2 and 3 , and Urban Grind Northwest , Backspace and Stumptown Coffee on 3rd Avenue only fulfill 1 and 2 .
Sip and Kranz fulfills all three — and not only that , the seating outside has shades , so if you suddenly decide that the tan is , in fact , enough , you can simply drag the chair half a feet away .
Wondering if the same outlets that power the tree lights outside can be used to charge your laptop ?
Me , too .
Just unplug the cable from the box , replace it with your laptop charger , and resume your work accordingly .
If you ask me , the power is best used to power your laptop , who has tree lights on during the day , anyway ?
Aside
Watch the merry gentlemen throwing small steel balls on the sand park .
Address
1114 NW Couch St
Portland , OR 97209
( 971 ) 244-0458
Amenities
Tables and chairs , both inside and outside .
Also : some high tables toward the front side of the room .
Atmosphere
Urbane and , unfortunately , cramped
Ideal for
Small client meetings .
Definitely not for working .
Wifi rating
☝ ☝ ☝ ☝
Buying a cup will get you an access code valid for 2 hours of wifi access .
Thanks to this , the connection is reliable .
Pro Tip
The heaters over by the seating outside turn up during the cold months , which shows that sitting in a 40° temperature while not entirely freezing yourself is , in fact , a viable way of enjoying a cup of coffee .
Just sayin . ’
And the list goes on
Do you have any Pro Tips and hacks on any coffee shop in Portland ?
Email me at brampitoyo@gmail.com or , better yet , add it to the PDX Coffee Shop Wiki !
People who smoke the more powerful kind of cannabis known as skunk are 18 times more likely to develop psychosis than those who smoke milder forms , according to research by psychiatrists .
Early results from a study presented to the annual meeting of the Royal College of Psychiatrists suggest that skunk poses significantly greater dangers to mental health than the traditional kinds of cannabis , such as hash .
Dr Marta Di Forti , from the Institute of Psychiatry , in London , said research with south - east London patients involved 112 who had suffered psychosis after smoking cannabis and 75 cannabis smokers who had not .
Those who had experienced a psychotic episode were twice as likely to have used cannabis for longer , three times as likely to be using it every day and 18 times as likely to be taking skunk .
Di Forti said that although the sample was small , the work was part of a much bigger study led by Robin Murray , a professor at the institute .
This arm of the study was also investigating people 's genetic predisposition to developing psychosis .
The importance of the findings , Di Forti said , was that for the first time , questions similar to those lung cancer specialists would ask of smokers were being presented to the drug users - such as whether they had the occasional cigarette with a cup of coffee with their peers or whether they smoked three packets a day .
" The problem is the long - term effect - to establish that we need to differentiate between people who have over a long period used cannabis of high potency and people who only used it once or twice . "
The potency of cannabis has increased over the past 10 years , with more concentrated forms now on sale .
In 1995 , skunk had 6 % THC ( Delta - 9 - tetrahydrocannabinol ) - the chemical which is held responsible for the psychotic symptoms .
Now , according to a recent study , skunk contains 16 - 18 % THC and it contains little or no CBD ( cannabidiol ) , a molecule that appears to counteract the damaging effects of THC .
Hash , on the other hand , has much less THC and an almost equal amount of CBD .
Listen together and chat
Listen to music with your friends , and chat with them , no matter where they are .
Supermodel Niki Taylor & NASCAR Driver Burney Lamar Expecting Baby
Supermodelis married to NASCAR driver .
The couple have announced that they are expecting their first child together .
They married in December 2006 , after a whirlwind courtship that began in October of that year .
They announced their engagement after just three dates .
Taylor began modeling at age 14 and became a millionaire two years later and president of her own company Niki , Inc. Lamar is a race car driver who will drive for the Braun Racing team in 2009 , sharing a ride in the No. 32 Dollar General Toyota Camry with Brian Vickers .
Braun Racing owner , Todd Braun said : " Burney is a driver that has shown tremendous potential and we look forward to mentoring him and helping him to reach that potential . "
Taylor has 13 year old twin sons , Jake and Hunter from a previous marriage to arena football player Matt Martinez .
Photo gallery below .
NOTE : I ’m no longer blogging , but rather sending my thoughts , advice and insider information to my friends via email .
If you would like to get my thoughts by email visit www.jasonnation.com to signup .
Note : I ’ve been getting crushed this afternoon with folks asking for a copy of this email that I sent to my subscribers .
I ’m going to post this one since I can’t possibly get back to all of you out there .
However , this is not going to be a regular thing .
Do n’t expect to see the next 10 emails on Calacanis.com .
I ’m retired from blogging and have moved to the comfort of my email newsletter , where 9,400 of my close friends and I have a nice intimate discussion .
No comments here please . 🙂
If you want to get future email please sign up now : http://tinyurl.com/jasonslist
best , Jason
Location : Mahalo HQ , Santa Monica , CA
Monday , October 27th , 12:00 PM PST .
Word Count : 2,585
Jason ’s List Subscriber Count : 9,400
List management : http://tinyurl.com/jasonslist
Message type : Startups
Forwarding instructions : startups , VCs
Republishing : PLEASE DO NOT REPRINT
( This includes Mike Arrington and
TechCrunch )
— — — — — ——
–
A month ago today , I wrote an email to you guys about about “ ( The )
Startup Depression . ”
When I wrote it , I obviously knew there were
rough waters ahead , but frankly I did n’t think a financial tsunami was
coming .
Since I wrote that post on September 27th , we ’ve seen the Dow
Jones drop from 11,143 to less than 8,000 .
One year ago , the Dow was
over 14,000 .
Think about the sheer destruction of wealth that has
occurred based on that fact alone .
Stunning .
The severity of what has happened ca n’t be underestimated .
There will
be no white knight .
Even the massive coordinated government
action –including the first global rate cuts and bail outs –has done
nothing to stop the panic or create a bottom ( at least from where I
sit ) .
Bottom line : there is zero chance of a short or medium term - rebound .
Zero .
As a startup , you are now , officially , on your own .
You ca n’t count on
your VCs saving you or some magical offer from Yahoo or Google showing
up to bail you out .
Chances are Yahoo and Google are going to be
shutting down and / or selling off companies they ’ve already
bought–like EBAY and AOL have started doing .
Parents do n’t adopt
while they ’re putting their kids up for adoption .
What you do in the next 30 days will probably make or break your company .
The storm is upon us and the death spiral has started .
Once that
happens , you ca n’t stop it –you can only ride it out .
Let ’s take a
moment to see how this movie will play out .
Since I ’ve seen it two
times , so I think I know what the second and third acts will be .
What is “ The Death Spiral ” ?
====================
The death spiral for startups is like the condition that occurs to
pilots when they fly into “ weather . ”
The “ weather ” right now is the
massive confusion and uncertainty of the financial and consumer
markets .
In other words , it ’s so choppy and dark out there that none of us can
simply look out the windshield and know exactly where we are .
The
greatest pilot in the world is a blind man in these conditions .
When a pilot flies into a mess like this , the only thing they can do
is look at–and trust–their instruments .
Nothing else matters ,
because what you see out the windshield is pure black and gray .
What
you feel in your gut is just the choppiness and uncertainty .
Your instruments will tell you what is true and what is false , and if
you listen to them you will not do what ill - fated pilots do : turn into
the death spiral .
When this happens you accelerate the process of the
plane going down because you ’ve made a turn that eventually leads you
right into the ground .
By turning into it you ’ve increased your
acceleration and decent–at the same time .
( At least that ’s my
understanding of the death spiral in flying ) .
The paradox of the death spiral is that many pilots actually believe
they are stabilizing their plane when they are actually tilting it .
Enough of the metaphor for now .
You should understand the basic point :
you must trust your metrics ( revenue , burn rate , page views and
earning ) , not your senses .
Your senses and emotions are FUBARed right
now , but your metrics are not .
The Death Spiral of the American Economy
=====================
Startups and established companies have started their layoffs already .
The list of layoffs on TechCrunch ’s tracker is growing , and sadly it
now includes Mahalo .
EBAY and Yahoo will shed thousands , and most
savvy folks I ’ve spoken to expect to see Microsoft and Google cut some
costs .
Yes , there is chance that even the mighty Google might lay folks off .
Not because they have to –they ’ve got a ton of cash–but because they
must show earning growth or risk a stock collapse .
The best way to
show earning growth in a down market is by cutting costs .
Google ’s big
cost ?
People .
These layoffs are turning us deep into the death spiral .
The poor folks being laid off are going have a hard time finding jobs ,
and as such they are going to curtail their spending .
They are not
getting that new car or laptop any time soon because , well , anyone can
get an extra year or two out of a car or laptop .
Even the “ not poor ” and the rich are going into penny - pinching mode .
Why ?
Well , the pull back in consumer spending is half - emotional and
half - necessity .
In times like this , emotion becomes a major driver .
That new iPhone or crazy weekend in Vegas probably wo n’t make or break
most folks financially , but they just wo n’t “ feel right ” doing it .
Ask yourself :
Have you put off a purchase because it just “ did n’t feel
right spending that kind of money ” in the past month ?
Exactly .
Everyone is feeling it , even if it ’s opt- in and guilt - based .
The days of $ 2,000 bottle service in the clubs of London , New York ,
and Los Angeles are coming to a close–even for those who can afford
it .
Simply put , you look and feel like a jerkoff if you spend like
this when people are suffering .
… and so the belts tighten .
The Group Belt Tightening Effect
=====================
In anxious times , folks like to take action , and the easiest actions
to take are the little ones .
This creates a massive ripple effect .
Folks from dotcom companies and
investment banks stop coming into the Apple Store , so the Apple Store
lays off five people .
Those Apple employees stop going to the
Starbucks on the corner , so Starbucks lays off a couple of folks .
Starbucks senses the lower same - store sales trend and shuts down their
lowest performing stores , letting go of their redundant managers .
The
landlords renting to Starbucks are left without the money to take that
expensive summer vacation and buy new cars , which puts pressure on the
vacation destination and the car salesperson .
You understand the trickle down effect ?
This is the reverse : the group
belt tightening effect .
These little emotional reactions have not only started –they ’re
building into a storm .
That storm is going to hit in the fourth
quarter , when a lot of merchants see their order size drop and their
inventories climb .
Some merchants will go out of business and flood
the market with tons of cheap merchandise , which will make the
profitable merchants suffer from competition .
Inventory will pile up , cash will dry up .
The fourth quarter is going to be a huge disaster : unemployment will
skyrocket , retail will crash and consumer confidence will flatline .
Some think it will be the bottom , some think it will half - way mark to
the bottom .
No one really knows , and that ’s really the scary part .
Emotional situations like these are impossible to stop–they have to
play out .
The “ cut spending now ! ” train has left the station and
there ’s nothing that can be done about it .
How does “ The Group Belt Tightening ” stop ?
=====================
At a certain point , folks feel more optimistic than pessimistic about
the future , and that ’s when they start spending and taking risks
again .
For entrepreneurs like us ( I assume if you ’re reading this you
are one ) , you ’re wired to be optimistic , so you ’re probably fighting
through this due to your internal fortitude .
That does not mean that you ’re spending like a drunk sailor .
It just
means that you ’re wired to invest when you see an opportunity .
That
makes you unique in relation to gen-pop ( the general population ) .
The gen - pop does n’t look inside their guts for guidance .
Gen-pop
watches CNBC , the Dow , layoffs , and their friends ’ consumption
patterns .
They look out the windshield .
The forecast for the next two
or three years is going to be dark , and as such , most folks will keep
their belts tight for at least two years .
At Thanksgiving and Christmas this year , your friends and relatives
will talk about cutting trips and not making major purchases .
They ’ll
recount stories of companies going under and kids moving back with in
their parents after college .
It ’s part of the morning process .
Folks
have to vent , but on a psychological level , the venting causes
everyone to become more conservative than they actually need to be .
The conservative mindset leads to people paying down their debt and
otherwise cleaning up their personal balance sheets .
This is the
virtuous part of the process : folks get their affairs in order .
At some point , the lack of competition in the marketplace results in
risk takers making impressive returns .
Someone hears about a friend
who is “ making a killing on Taser stock ” or of a “ startup making $ 250 k
a month with five employees . ”
Then , folks think “ hey , I ’ve got a
little extra cash … maybe I should get in on that ? ”
Dentists start investing in startup companies again …
We ’re back ,
baby !
( Note : Too many dentists start investing and we ’re in a bubble
again–careful what you wish for . )
The belt tightens out of fear and uncertainty .
The belt loosens out of greed and positive data points .
The way to leverage this , obviously , is to get greedy before everyone
else so you can take marketshare .
Let ’s look at all the good news ,
shall we ?
Good News Part One : Experiences Over Expenses
=====================
The good news in all of this is that folks are going to be spending a
lot of time online , playing video games and consuming things that are
not expensive .
They ’re going to be looking for “ experiences over
expenses . ”
If your service provides fun , social interaction and joy to the user ,
you ’re going to see it spike .
Folks will start playing Mark Pincus ’
Texas HoldEm on Facebook and the iPhone a lot more .
Kevin Rose will
ride DIGG straight to 50 m monthly uniques and five foreign language
versions in 2009 .
Garrett Camp will pry StumbleUpon from EBAY and
break the service out to the mainstream .
If only Yahoo would give
Joshua Schechter del.icio.us back so he could finish the mission .
* Sigh *
Why will there be a boom in traffic , engagement and participation ?
Well , people will have time on their hands and the desire to
socialize .
Group behavior makes people feel better .
One of the best
cures for the blues is sharing a meal with friends .
Blogging became a phenomenon not because of some technological
advance , but because between 2002 and 2005 there were a lot of
unemployed–and underemployed –individuals with a lot to say and a lot
of freetime .
Bloggers like Peter Rojas , Michael Arrington , Nick
Denton , Rafat Ali , Xeni Jardin and Om Malik broke out in the down
market–not the upmarket .
Social networking and podcasting were born and boomed during the last
internet winter .
Bottom line : Folks with time on their hands–and anxiety in their
hearts –will be drawn to communications , content , and community
offerings .
Free time is good news for modern man .
Good News Part Two : Measurable Advertising Boom
=====================
The fact is that most advertising spending is in media without real
measurability –like outdoor , TV , radio , newspapers and magazines .
These sample - based solutions have a lot of inefficiency and lack the
real - time measurability of the internet .
Advertisers will start cutting print , outdoor , TV , and radio ( probably
in that order ) in favor of the internet ’s action - based offerings such
as CPA ( cost per acquisition ) , CPL ( cost per lead ) , and CPC ( cost per
click ) .
Three weeks ago , I attended and spoke at WPP Group ’s very understated
agency retreat at a–gasp !
–Club Med outside of Athens .
It was the
cheapest location you could imagine , but the people and discussions
were amazing .
Sir Martin Sorrell gave a big overview of the coming
world and told his troops to focus on measurable solutions .
He wants
WPP ’s advertising spending to be mostly measurable ( if I heard him
correctly ) .
Measurable advertising means internet advertising .
The internet will
take a hit in the short term , but gain massive marketshare in the long
term .
Good News Part Three : No Competition
=====================
There are no longer going to be 10 companies pursuing one vision .
Twitter , Pownce and FriendFeed are going to fight over short blogging
and almost everyone else will go away or stop investing in their “ me
too ! ” solution .
MySpace and Facebook will not have another major competitor for some
time to come .
Del.icio.us and DIGG will not face many more clones , and
many of the existing ones will go away ( or stop innovating ) .
If you ’re
launching a product , you wo n’t have 5 - 10 folks copy you in the first
year .
There just wo n’t be the funding for the fourth or fifth person
in a space .
That jerk off who stole our code and content to make his vertical
Mahalo knock off ?
He ’s not getting his next round of funding , I can
tell you that .
Bottom line : Less fighting , more marketshare .
Less competition for
great developers .
[ Sidenote : I ’ve already heard some CEOs talking about the overpaid
developers they have on staff and that they would n’t hire many of them
for the prices they paid just six months ago .
That ’s a really hard
position to be in , huh ?
Overpaying for developers and being faced with
better options just six or 12 months later ?
What do you do ?
Cut the
existing staffer ’s salary or replace them with a new person ?
Really
do n’t envy either party in that situation . ]
Good News Part Four : The Zero Cost Startup
=====================
When we interviewed folks for the TechCrunch50 show this year , we
asked them how much was invested in their companies .
Many reported
nothing .
Zero .
They had no office space , no server farms and no Oracle
license .
No marketing budget , PR firm or headhunters to feed .
The cost of a pure , boot - strapped , startups today is really the time
the founders put into it .
Do n’t pay for software , do n’t sign an office
lease , and do n’t hire a PR firm .
Stay slim , build something great and
wait .
If it does n’t grow make the product better and wait some more .
Keep that process up until you find something that makes people
absolutely rabid for your product .
If you ca n’t find something that
delights folks , well , then you suck .
Give up .
No really , you suck … .
give up .*
* Note :
That ’s just a test to see if you ’re a real entrepreneur .
When
you read that , did you think of giving up ?
If you did , than you really
suck and should n’t be an entrepreneur .
If you read that and said
“ frack you , Calacanis … WTF do you know anyway ?!? , ” then you ’re a
gangster entrepreneur and keep up the good work .
Your best investment right now ?
=====================
The best investment you can make in any market–up or down–is in yourself .
Take this down market as a time to focus on yourself , professionally
and personally .
If you ’re level eight PHP programmer , make it your
personal challenge to become a 10 of 10 .
If you ’re 20 pounds
overweight , get a trainer and if you can’t focus , start taking Tae
Kwon
Do lessons .
If you ’ve got a great idea , find three friends and build it during
your lunch break and weekends , while your boss is too distracted to
care .
Rafat Ali started PaidContent while working for me during the down
market .
He asked me if it was OK and I said “ yeah , sure … that
blogging thing will never go anywhere . ”
He sold it for $ 30 m earlier
this year after six or seven years of hard , hard work .
Fortunes are built during the down market and collected in the up
market .
Now ’s the time to build , so turn off CNBC and forget the Dow .
It ’s meaningless to you now .
All that matters is your work and your
personal progress .
Eyes on your instruments please .
— ——
Sidenote : I was on the best podcast in the world , This Week in Tech ,
yesterday talking about the economy and technology with Leo Laporte .
You can tune in here : http://twit.tv/166
Press :
In WIRED magazine Paul Boutin says you should shut down your
blog .
His evidence ?
Our success with the email newsletter :
http://www.wired.com/entertainment/theweb/magazine/16-11/st_essay
Question :
Do you think I should post these emails to my blog , or
should I just keep them between you and I ?
I ’m having a hard time
keeping these quiet , as folks like TechCrunch insist they are so
newsworthy that they can break my copyright and republish them based
on the alleged importance .
Ugh .
Is what I say really that newsworthy
that you can just take my work wholesale ?
I do n’t think so .
Plug :
We ’re experimenting with a new feature called the “ Mahalo Live
Blog . ”
Essentially if you go to http://www.Mahalo.com you ’ll see a
running list of breaking news stories that we maintain 24 hours a day
seven days a week .
It ’s sort of like the DrudgeReport but faster .
10 - 15 k folks seem addicted to it .
Your thoughts on the live blog ?
Question : I was thinking about starting a group email discussion list
for Jason ’s list .
What do you think of an email discussion list based
on Jason ’s list ?
I was thinking of maybe starting it , but limiting it
to folks who send me $ 1 in cash in an envelope with their business
card .
This would keep the trolls out right ?
Subaru Impreza WRX STI has now 20 years of existence and with this occasion the Japanese manufacturer has launched a limited edition of 300 copies on the market in Japan .
Subaru Impreza WRX STI has now 20 years of existence and with this occasion the Japanese manufacturer has launched a limited edition of 300 copies on the market in Japan .
Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th Anniversary
Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th anniversary comes with a new set of dampers , while the external model has received an extension for front spoiler , aileron , 18 - inch alloy rims and special logos .
On the inside , anniversary edition has Recaro seats with red seam and pommel engraved with the logo TSI .
Price for Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th Anniversary is of 4,126,500 yen , or about 35,500 Euros .
You may be interested in :
Subaru Impreza WRX STI 20th Anniversary
R.I.P. Zimbabwe Dollar
by
Steve H. Hanke *
Professor of Applied Economics
The Johns Hopkins University
and
Senior Fellow
The Cato Institute
As I wrote on 25 June 2008 , " Zimbabwe is in the late stages of a classic hyperinflation .
…
Inflation is galloping ahead as the supply of Zimbabwe dollars surges and the demand for them shrinks .
Eventually , the currency will totally collapse as people simply refuse to accept it . "
In recent months , facts on the ground have validated this prognostication .
The Zimbabwe dollar is dead .
Last year , I developed a hyperinflation index for Zimbabwe .
The index began on 5 January 2007 , a month before Zimbabwe entered the hyperinflation zone .
Due to a lack of reliable data , I stopped reporting the index on 14 November 2008 .
This index was based on non-cash Zimbabwe dollar transactions .
These had accounted for the bulk of transactions in Zimbabwe .
By the end of November , however , there were virtually no non-cash Zimbabwe transactions taking place and the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange had stopped trading .
The non-cash Zimbabwe dollar is , therefore , dead .
Ashes are all that is left of the Zimbabwe dollar — a remnant of paper money .
During Zimbabwe 's hyperinflation , foreign currencies replaced the Zimbabwe dollar in a rapid and spontaneous manner .
This " dollarization " process was legalized in late January 2009 .
Even though the Zimbabwe paper money remnant circulates alongside foreign currencies , its real value is tiny , its use is limited , and its value against the U.S. dollar is cut in half every two days .
Zimbabwe failed to break Hungary 's 1946 world record for hyperinflation .
That said , Zimbabwe did race past Yugoslavia in October 2008 .
In consequence , Zimbabwe can now lay claim to second place in the world hyperinflation record books .
Highest Monthly Inflation Rates in History Country Month with highest inflation rate Highest monthly inflation rate Equivalent daily inflation rate Time required for prices to double Hungary July 1946 1.30 x 1016 % 195 % 15.6 hours Zimbabwe Mid-November 2008 ( latest measurable ) 79,600,000,000 % 98.0 % 24.7 hours Yugoslavia January 1994 313,000,000 % 64.6 % 1.4 days Germany October 1923 29,500 % 20.9 % 3.7 days Greece November 1944 11,300 % 17.1 % 4.5 days China May 1949 4,210 % 13.4 % 5.6 days
Source : Prof. Steve H. Hanke , February 5 , 2009 .
New Hyperinflation Index ( HHIZ ) Puts Zimbabwe Inflation at 89.7 Sextillion Percent
by
Steve H. Hanke *
Professor of Applied Economics
The Johns Hopkins University
and
Senior Fellow
The Cato Institute
Zimbabwe is the first country in the 21st century to hyperinflate .
In February 2007 , Zimbabwe ’s inflation rate topped 50 % per month , the minimum rate required to qualify as a hyperinflation ( 50 % per month is equal to a 12,875 % per year ) .
Since then , inflation has soared .
The last official inflation data were released for July and are hopelessly outdated .
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe has been even less forthcoming with money supply data : the most recent money supply figures are ancient history — January 2008 .
Absent current official money supply and inflation data , it is difficult to quantify the depth and breadth of the still - growing crisis in Zimbabwe .
To overcome this problem , Cato Senior Fellow Steve Hanke has developed the Hanke Hyperinflation Index for Zimbabwe ( HHIZ ) .
This new metric is derived from market - based price data and is presented in the accompanying table for the January 2007 to present period .
As of 14 November 2008 , Zimbabwe ’s annual inflation rate was 89.7 Sextillion ( 1021 ) percent .
Since mid-November 2008 , the weekly update of the HHIZ has been put on hold .
The market - based price data from Zimbabwe have deteriorated and , at present , cannot be used to update the HHIZ .
HHIZ updates will be resumed as soon as the quality of the data reaches a satisfactory level .
* Steve H. Hanke is one of the world ’s leading experts on exchange - rate regimes .
He has played a prominent role in designing and implementing monetary reforms that have stopped very high or hyperinflations in eight countries .
Sources : Imara Asset Management Zimbabwe and author ’s calculations .
A Note on Zimbabwe 's Official Inflation Rate
Notes :
1. Numbers are reported with three significant figures .
2 . The HHIZ is reported on the last trading day of the week .
3 . The monthly inflation rate is HHIZ ( t ) / HHIZ ( t - 4 ) - 1 and the annual inflation rate is HHIZ ( t ) / HHIZ(t - 52 ) - 1 .
4 . The HHIZ values are numerical estimates .
In consequence , they are subject to revision when new price data are incorporated into the estimates .
5. Prof .
Hanke would like to thank Alex Kwok for his research assistance on this project .
6. Prof .
Hanke can be reached at his Johns Hopkins University office : ( 410 ) 516-7183 or hanke@jhu.edu
Congressional Testimony
" Zimbabwe : From Crisis to Renewal , " testimony of Marian L. Tupy , December 2 , 2010 .
Studies
" Zimbabwe : Why Is One of the World ’s Least - Free Economies Growing So Fast ? , " by Craig J. Richardson , Policy Analysis No. 722 , March 19 , 2013 .
" World Hyperinflations , " by Steve H. Hanke and Nicholas Krus , Cato Working Papers , August 15 , 2012 .
" The Cost of Zimbabwe 's Continuing Farm Invasion , " by Eddie Cross , Economic Development Bulletin , May 18 , 2009 .
" Zimbabwe : From Hyperinflation to Growth , " by Steve H. Hanke , Development Policy Analysis no .
6 , June 25 , 2008 .
" A Decade of Suffering in Zimbabwe : Economic Collapse and Political Repression under Robert Mugabe , " by David Coltart , Development Policy Analysis no .
5 , March 24 , 2008 .
" The Loss of Property Rights and the Collapse of Zimbabwe , " by Craig J. Richardson , Cato Journal Vol. 25 No. 3 , Fall 2005 .
Longer Articles
" On the Measurement of Zimbabwe 's Hyperinflation , " by Steve H. Hanke and Alex K. F. Kwok , Cato Journal , Spring / Summer 2009 .
" How to Kill Zimbabwe 's Hyperinflation , " by Steve H Hanke , Global Dialogue , August 2008 .
" Botswana and Zimbabwe : A Tale of Two Countries , " by Marian L. Tupy , The American , May 14 , 2008 .
" Mugabe Is the Mobutu of Our Time , " by Marian L. Tupy , Spectator , March 18 , 2008 .
" How the Loss of Property Rights Caused Zimbabwe 's Collapse , " by Craig Richardson , Economic Development Bulletin no .
4 , November 14 , 2005 .
Op -Eds
" Electing for Real Growth in Zimbabwe , " by Marian L. Tupy , Washington Times , July 31 , 2013 .
" The Breadbasket Is Still a Basket Case , " by Marian L. Tupy , Foreign Policy , July 26 , 2013 .
" Peril and Progress in Zimbabwe , " by Marian L. Tupy and Craig Richardson , Wall Street Journal , June 5 , 2012 .
" Fixing One of the World 's Most Broken Education Systems , " by Marian L. Tupy , The Atlantic , June 5 , 2012 .
" The Printing Press , " by Steve H. Hanke , Forbes , December 5 , 2008 .
" Hyperinflation : Mugabe Versus Milosevic , " by Steve H. Hanke , Globe Asia , August 2008 .
" Kill Central Bank to Fix Inflation in Zimbabwe , " by Steve H. Hanke , The Times , July 13 , 2008 .
" The Aid Africa Can't Afford , " by Edward N. Luttwak and Marian L. Tupy , Los Angeles Times , July 8 , 2008 .
" The Spiral of Zimbabwe , " by Marian L. Tupy , New York Sun , June 23 , 2008 .
" Mugabe 's Best Friend , " by Marian L. Tupy , Forbes.com , April 10 , 2007 .
" The Long Fall of Robert G. Mugabe , " by Marian L. Tupy , The New Republic ( Online ) , March 28 , 2008 .
" Peace Wo n't Come to Zimbabwe , " by Marian L. Tupy and David Coltart , The Wall Street Journal , March 14 , 2008 .
" New Hope for Zimbabwe , " by Tom Woods , Roger Bate and Marian L. Tupy , Washington Times , February 6 , 2008 .
" Free Banking for Zimbabwe , " by Steve H. Hanke , Globe Asia , December 2007 .
" Mugabe 's Apologists , " by Marian L. Tupy , Wall Street Journal Europe , December 11 , 2007 .
" Hyperinflation , " by Steve H. Hanke , Forbes , May 17 , 2007 .
" The World 's Greatest Unreported Hyperinflation , " by Steve H. Hanke , Globe Asia , May 2007 .
" A Four - Step Recovery Plan for Zimbabwe , " by Marian L. Tupy , American.com , April 17 , 2007 .
" Bureaucratic Heart of Darkness , " by Marian L. Tupy , Washington Times , April 16 , 2006 .
" Mugabe Should Heed the Warnings of Hayek , " by Marian L. Tupy , Financial Times , July 27 , 2005 .
Podcasts
Elections in Zimbabwe " featuring Marian L. Tupy , March 31 , 2008 [ Flash Audio , 06:18 ]
Video
Forums
" Escaping Poverty in Sub-Saharan Africa , " July 28 , 2008 [ Capitol Hill Briefing ]
" Economic Collapse and Political Repression in Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe , " March 24 , 2008 [ Policy Forum ]
" The Collapse of Zimbabwe in the Wake of the 2000 - 2003 Land Reforms , " March 28 , 2005 [ Book Forum ]
" Battle For Zimbabwe : The Final Countdown , " Wednesday , June 30 , 2004 [ Book Forum ]
Apollo 17 astronauts pause for a photograph while exploring the moon .
Their lunar lander and rover sit perched behind them .
The firstmanned spaceflights occurred in the shadow of the tensest moments of the ColdWar between the United States and the Soviet Union .
With the world ? s Europeanpowers in disarray after World War II , the United States and the Soviet Unionused propaganda , alliances and proxy wars to outflank the other and broadentheir respective spheres of influence .
Space became another way to exertdominance over the other .
The spacerace was ? war by another means , ? said Roger Launius , senior curator at the National Air and Space Museum here .
The Cold War rivals were engaging in atechnological rivalry and wanted to prove to non-aligned nations and the restof the world that they were ?
second to none , ?
Launius said in an Aug. 25 interview .
The SovietUnion struck first in the space race , launching the first satellite , Sputnik , Oct. 4 , 1957 , leading to the formation of NASA a year later .
The agencycelebrated its 50 thanniversary this month on Oct. 1 .
Thesuperpowers were roughly on parallel paths , according to Launius and JohnLogsdon , former director of the Space Policy Institute at George WashingtonUniversity here .
The United States launched the firstAmerican to space , Alan Shepard , on a Mercury capsule , just about a monthafter the Soviets sent the first man , Yuri Gagarin , into orbit on a Vostokspacecraft April 12 , 1961 .
? The [ U.S. ] military had been talking about humans in space since the mid-50s on , ?
Logsdonsaid in an Aug. 20 phone interview .
The U.S. Air Force ?s Man -In - Space - Soonestproject was a conceptual program , which then was transferred to NASA controland eventually becameProject Mercury .
AmericanSpace Age
Responsibilityfor Mercury fell to NASA ?s Space Task Group working at Langley Research Centerin Hampton , Va. , under Bob Gilruth .
The ? premier organization for humanspaceflight , ? the Space Task Group later became the core of the Houston - basedJohnson Space Center ( renamed from the Manned Space Flight Center in 1973 ) , Logsdon said .
NASA ? spredecessor , the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics ( NACA ) , also hadlooked at human spacecraft just two weeks after Sputnik launched , said TedSpitzmiller , a space historian and author of ?
Astronautics : Book 1 : Dawn of the Space Age .?
NACA estimated a two - year development cycle to send a human intoorbit but the orbital launcher , the Atlas , took longer than expected tocomplete , he said .
John Glenn became the first American in orbit Feb. 20 , 1962 .
Mercury wasan experiment to see whether a human could survive the extremely rapid travelnecessary for orbit , could perform tasks while weightless and survive theforces of re-entry , Logsdon said .
U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower ?s incentivefor the manned program was to see if there were practical uses for humans inspace ; he was prepared to end the manned space program after Project Mercury , he said .
But themanned Mercury flights commenced under newly elected John Kennedy who , unlikehis predecessor , was more interested improving the United States ?
prestigethrough the use of ?
soft power ?
like the space program , Logsdon said .
Kennedynoted the positive reaction from around the world to Gagarin ?s spaceflight anddetermined the United States could not come in second to the Soviet Union inspace endeavors .
Saddledwith another Soviet space first and the failed U.S. - backed Bay of Pigs Invasionof Cuba , Kennedy wrote an April 20 , 1961 , memo to Vice President Lyndon Johnsonasking if there was a ? space program that promises dramatic results in which wecould win ??
according to the NASA History Web site .
The answer came back that amannedMoon landing would be just such a program .
It wasrisky but the success of Shepard ?s flight gave the struggling president theconfidence to address Congress May 25 , 1961 , and announce the United Stateswould land a man on the moon before the end of the decade and return him safelyto Earth .
The waranalogy also applies to the budget that was required for the moon landing .
Itinvolved a ? warlike mobilization ?
effort and was ?
almost 180 degrees ?
from what Eisenhower had wanted , Logsdon said .
Chargedwith landing an astronaut on the moon , Project Apollo was announced July 29,1960 .
The proposal departed from NASA ?s original 10 - year plan , which had beenpresented to Congress in February 1960 and called for circumlunar flight , not alunar landing , Logsdon said .
That planwas partly based on what is considered the traditional space program paradigm , which was popularly championed by visionary Marshall Space Flight Center headWernher von Braun , who wanted to establish a space station in Earth orbit andthen travel to the moon , Logsdon said .
The middlechild
The Geminiprogram , which was announced Dec. 7 , 1961 , was more a predecessor to Apollothan it was a successor to Mercury , Logsdon said .
Launius compares Gemini to amiddle child that is successful in its own right but oft - forgotten between thefirsts of oldest - child Mercury and the splendor of youngest child Apollo .
Gemini wasnecessary because NASA planners needed to know how to rendezvous and dock .
Gemini also maintained manned activity to prevent a problematic five - year gapduring the space race with the Soviet Union , Launius said .
Gemini was completedin just a year and a half , Spitzmiller said in an Aug. 20 phone interview .
Geminimissions , which often involved rendezvousing and docking with target Agenalaunch vehicles and one rendezvous between two Gemini orbiters , also helpeddevelop procedures for spacewalks and long - duration missions , he said .
UntilGemini the longest U.S. manned mission was the last Mercury flight in whichGordon Cooper spent 34 hours in orbit .
Geminiastronauts were unable to perform efficient spacewalks until Buzz Aldrinperfected a new spacewalking technique during the Gemini 12 mission that wouldhelp prevent spacewalkers from exerting themselves unnecessarily .?
With adoctorate in astronautics Aldrin had a better understanding of microgravitythan his fellow astronauts and he worked diligently on space rendezvoustechniques , Launius said .
Aldrin developed an ?economy of movement ?
that isstill standard , he added .
Moon orbust
Aldrin , Neil Armstrong and Michael Collins delivered on Kennedy ?s promise July 20,1969 , when Aldrin and Armstrong landed on the Moon .
The United States couldhave stopped the Apollo missions after Apollo 11 , but the nation wanted toprove it could do it consistently , and scientists were pushing for further lunarstudies , Launius said .
In the1990s Launius had the opportunity to talk to a Russian who had worked in thedesign bureau of Soviet Chief Designer Sergei Korolev , who is credited withdriving the Soviet space program until his death in 1966 .
He recalls the Russian telling him : ? We were n?t ready to give up after Apollo 11 .
We thoughtthat was a fluke ??
But after Apollo 12 landed on target and retrieved parts of Surveyor 3 they knew they were beaten , Launius said .
Spitzmillermarks Apollo missions 11 to 17 as the ? pinnacle ? of NASA ?s manned spaceprogram .
In addition to achieving the only human landings on an extraterrestrialobject in history , the Apollo effort also led to technological advances inpropulsion , materials , tracking and computers .
From ?
that point on , things seemto plateau , ?
he said , recalling how the manned program lost much of its fundingand push without charismatic leaders like Kennedy , who was assassinated in1963 , and von Braun , who retired June 17 , 1972 .
Ultimately , however , it was the lack of a response by the Soviets after the Moon landingthat prompted the U.S. government to pull back on its manned space program , Spitzmillersaid .
ThreeApollo missions were cut due to reduced funding and the near - fatal accident onApollo 13 , Launius said .
The ramp down after Apollo was to be expected , Logsdonsaid , noting that ?
Apollo was an exception ? in the manned space program .
Thepolitics of 1961 warranted going to the moon but the politics of 1969 did notwarrant going to Mars , he said .
With the moonlandings completed by December 1972 , NASA shifted its focus to maintaining apresence in Earth orbit .
With Apollo done , NASA was looking to get back to thevon Braun paradigm , Launius said .
Leftoversfrom canceled Apollo missions becameequipment for Skylab , formerly known as the Apollo Applications Program , which began in the mid-1960s .
After atmospheric drag damaged the space stationduring its May 14 , 1973 , launch , Skylab housed three successful crewed missionsthat ended in 1974 .
Skylab plummeted back to Earth in July 1979 .
Skylabnever was intended as anything other than an intermediate program ; it was notdesigned for resupply like the International Space Station , Logsdon said .
However , Spitzmiller calls Skylab a ?
lost opportunity ? for the United States toestablish a permanent presence in space .
Apollo or Gemini probably should havecontinued to support Skylab , he said .
Even beforethe end of the Apollo Mmoon missions , the United States and the Soviet Unionwere planning a joint mission .
In May 1972 U.S. President Richard Nixon andSoviet Premier Alexey Kosygin signed an agreement that led to the Apollo - SoyuzTest project .
While the July 17 , 1975 , Apollo - Soyuz mission was technologicallyinsignificant — all the hardware previously had been used except for thedocking column — it served as a significant instrument of d?tente for Nixon , away to help improve relations between the Cold War superpowers , Launius said .
Without the Soviet Union , the manned space program would not be as far along and the nationlikely would have followed the von Braun model and not gone to the moon , Launius said .
Without the space race , Spitzmiller believes that the UnitedStates would not have sent a man into orbit until the mid-1960s and not gone tothe moon until the mid-1980s , if at all .
These crispy nachos have always been a big hit in our house .
Topped with kid-friendly ingredients like ground beef and cheddar cheese , they 're sure to be requested by your children .
And older kids enjoy that they can microwave them themselves .
— Ruth Ann Bott , Lake Wales , Florida
Web video targets North Carolinians : ' Vote to cancel out your ( crazy ) neighbor '
RAW STORY
Published : Thursday October 30 , 2008
Print This Email This With North Carolina in play for the first time in a generation , a new Web video tells voters there to be sure to get to the polls next Tuesday if only to cancel out their crazy neighbors .
The video , which was produced by alumni of The Daily Show and Aqua Teen Hunger Force opens like a standard , feel - good , do - your - civic - duty PSA featuring testimonials from voters .
Some reveal they vote " for the glory of Satan " or " to keep whites in power " while other prospective voters are shown drunk or huffing paint .
" Please , vote , " a narrator asks .
" It 's the only way to cancel out your neighbors . "
The following video was posted to YouTube Thursday :
Woolworths has had a presence on the UK High Street for almost a century High Street legend Woolworths has buckled under its debt and is set to go into administration , BBC business editor Robert Peston has learned .
The move will put tens of thousands of jobs at its 815 stores under threat .
The board of Woolies - one of the UK 's oldest store groups - is meeting to take the formal decision .
Deloitte will be appointed as administrators to the store chain and also to Entertainment UK , which supplies DVDs to supermarket groups .
However , Woolworths joint venture with BBC Worldwide , publisher 2 Entertain , will not go into administration as it is owned by Woolworths ' parent company .
And all stores will remain open and keep trading , at least for now .
Money has been ring - fenced so that salaries will be paid to staff as normal on Friday , a spokeswoman added .
WOOLWORTHS FACTS
First UK store opened in Liverpool in 1909
Has 815 stores across the UK Owns 40 % share of publisher 2 Entertain Owns distribution business Entertainment UK
What is the point of Woolworths ?
Robert Peston 's analysis
Our business editor says that Woolworths has been something of a lame duck retailer for years , losing market share against intense competition .
The company 's weak position was also the reason why the government did not intervene to rescue it .
" Government policy is not to prop up lame ducks , " our business editor said .
Peter Mandelson , the business secretary , had been in contact with the company on Wednesday , to ensure that if it went into administration , it would minimise the anxiety to its employees .
The company has been asked to do what it can to protect its pension fund , and keep its stores open if possible during the vital Christmas period .
The UK's Woolworths has no connection with several retail chains around the world that carry the same name .
See how Woolworths ' shares plunged during the past year High Street trouble The news of Woolworths ' demise comes on the same day that furniture chain MFI announced that it was to go into administration .
The company had asked its landlords for a rent - free period to help sort out its financial problems .
However , the troubled company with its more than 1,000 staff , failed to reach an agreement .
MFI had suffered several years of financial trouble .
Only last September , as part of a management buyout led by chief executive Gary Favell , 81 loss - making outlets were placed into administration .
Now the remaining 110 stores could face closure .
Woolworths ' £ 385 m debt
The collapse of Woolworths is also likely to lead to thousands of redundancies with the store chain employing 25,000 people and Entertainment UK employing 5,000 .
The shopworkers ' union Usdaw said the news was " devastating " for staff .
" We were hopeful that a last minute deal would be done and will want to meet with the administrators as soon as possible , " the union 's national officer John Gorle said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The company has struggled under the weight of £ 385 m of debt .
Its problems were compounded over the past couple of months when it was forced to pay cash when buying goods from suppliers , because trade credit insurers were no longer prepared to insure suppliers to Woolworths .
During the past few days the company had tried to sell itself for a nominal price of £ 1 , where the new owner would have to take on the firm 's debt .
US restructuring firm Hilco was rumoured to be a potential buyer , with the BBC 's commercial arm set to take over Woolworths ' share in music and film publisher 2 Entertain .
Earlier this week , Woolworths ' largest shareholder - property tycoon Ardeshir Naghshineh - had called on Woolworths to delay plans to sell parts of the business .
Mr Naghshineh said the firm should instead look at making money by selling of some of its outlets .
In the end Woolworths ' board ran out of time .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hewlett - Packard , Dell and Lenovo are rolling out machines that give people access to basic functions like e-mail and a Web browser in 30 seconds or less .
Asus , a Taiwanese company that is the world ’s largest maker of the circuit boards at the center of every PC , has begun building faster - booting software into its entire product line .
Even Microsoft , whose bloated Windows software is often blamed for sluggish start times , has pledged to do its part in the next version of the operating system , saying on a company blog that “ a very good system is one that boots in under 15 seconds . ”
Today only 35 percent of machines running the latest version of Windows , called Vista , boot in 30 seconds or less , the blog notes .
( Apple Macintoshes tend to boot more quickly than comparable Windows machines but still feel glacially slow to most users . )
There is nothing new about frustration with start - up times , which can be many minutes .
But the agitation seems more intense than in the pre-Internet days .
Back then , people felt less urgency to log on to their solitary , unconnected machines .
Now the destination is the vast world of the Web , and the computer industry says the fast - boot systems cater to an information - addicted society that is agitated by even a moment of downtime .
Yet it is a condition that the technology industry  with smartphones and other always - on gadgets  helped create , said Gary Small , a professor at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at the University of California , Los Angeles .
“ Our brains have become impatient with the boot - up process , ” Dr. Small said .
“ We have been spoiled by the hand - held devices . ”
PC makers are not merely out to ease our data anxieties with the new machines .
They want to help themselves , too .
The industry has grown so competitive , and profit margins so thin , that each company is looking for any advantage it can trumpet .
Computer makers say the battle for boot - up bragging rights could resemble the auto industry ’s race to shave tenths of a second from the time it takes a car to go from 0 to 60 miles an hour .
User profile : 162592 Blog Get Herds Of Top Oss Apps In One Free Download Mac Windows
This is 162592 Blog Get Herds Of Top Oss Apps In One Free Download Mac Windows 's personal page .
162592 Blog Get Herds Of Top Oss Apps In One Free Download Mac Windows
ASP .NET MVC Is My Shrieking Electric Guitar
This is your HTML markup :
This is your HTML markup on drugs ASP .
NET :
[ more ]
Any questions ?
ASP.NET offers a lot of horsepower , especially in its most recent incarnation .
I give you jQuery , AJAX , Dynamic Data , control adapters , and more .
But traditional ASP.NET web pages are littered with cruft : hidden fields , obscure Javascript , and a ubiquitous < form > element even on pages which do n’t look , act , or talk like forms .
The ASP.
NET WebForms infrastructure extracts a price .
That price is the sanctity of your generated markup .
We could almost call clean markup the sacrificial lamb of ASP .
NET WebForms development .
It ’s what you give up in order to achieve the illusion of state in the stateless medium known as the World Wide Web .
If you develop in ASP .
NET , then you ’ve probably spent a lot of time chasing your tail as I have , ferreting out how to clean up ASP .
NET - generated markup to make it palatable :
Reduce or removing VIEWSTATE and other hidden fields
Relocate Javascript functions from the top of the file to the bottom
Use control adapters to tweak generated markup of server controls
Create customized HtmlTextWriters and hook them in to your page classes
Override Page .
Render and accomplish all kinds of mischief
Apply regular expression replaces to your finished page output
But the problem with these hacks techniques is that they attack the symptoms , rather than the cause .
Dense , encrusted markup is the natural result of trying to graft a desktop application development paradigm ( with events and easily recallable state and so forth ) onto an inherently stateless , request - response medium : the World Wide Web .
This is what ASP.NET tries to do , and that it succeeds at all ( and it does succeed ) is a testament to the ingenuity of the ASP.
NET development team .
Still : the generated markup is ugly and loaded with boilerplate .
There can be no arguing with this , although for many line - of - business applications , the cleanliness of your markup may not matter ( although in some worst - case scenarios , unbridled viewstate has been known to grow to a few megabytes in size ) .
But if you ’re a stickler , a purist , or if you ’re building something that needs to be lean and mean , a typical ASP .
NET WebForms application just does n’t give you the fine - grained control over your own markup that you ’ll want — at least , not without a lot of extra work .
Enter ASP.NET MVC
You ’ve probably heard about ASP .
NET MVC by now ( the official beta was released just a few days ago but the previews have been around for months ) so I ’ll refrain from ranting about the architectural benefits of MVC versus the tightly - coupled ASP.
NET “ desktop ” paradigm of yore and just point out that markup generated by ASP .
NET MVC is an order of magnitude cleaner than what you ’ll get under classic ASP .
NET :
The above is actual markup generated by an ASP .
NET MVC website I threw together last weekend .
It ’s still ASP .
NET — ASP.NET is now a superset which includes both the WebForms and the MVC paradigm within it — it ’s just not ASP .
NET WebForms .
And it ’s clean .
It ’s tight .
It can be applied from the ground up , or grafted into an existing ASP .
NET WebForms application .
It ’s works with AJAX .
You can still use server controls .
You still have a design surface .
Master pages .
User controls .
All that stuff still applies , if you want it .
In the words of Scott Hanselman :
I like to think of ASP .
NET MVC as the raw , acoustic version of the more heavily produced and multi-layered ASP .
NET WebForms we use today .
To me , ASP .
NET MVC is one of the best and most forward - looking technologies to come out of Redmond in years .
While it ’s not an out - and - out replacement for ASP .
NET WebForms ,
If you ’re building web applications on the Windows stack , going forward you may need a very good reason to prefer WebForms to MVC .
WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration said it found " trace levels " of the industrial chemical melamine in one sample of U.S. - made infant formula and in a few samples of other products like nutritional and medical supplements made by U.S. manufacturers of infant formula .
The FDA said , however , the formula and the supplements were ...
POSTED BY : PutUpYourDukes
I saw this sign in Manassas , VA and found it kind of interesting .
The picture really does n’t do the size of the sign justice … this thing is massive and is on a road that gets quite a bit of traffic .
The guy who put up this sign is all up in arms about 287 ( g ) , an ordinance from the Immigration and Nationality Act that was adopted by the Manassas City Council .
It ’s a federal statute that allows local law enforcement officials ( if given the proper training ) to enforce immigration laws , a job traditionally reserved for ICE .
So far , 62 cities and counties across the nation have adopted 287 ( g ) .
Whether you agree with the guy or not , he does get major free speech points for his efforts .
[ 287 ( g ) fact sheet via U.S. ICE ]
The number of children born with Down ’s syndrome is rising in the UK , many newspapers reported today .
Following the widespread introduction of pre-natal testing for the condition in 1989 , the number of babies born with Down 's syndrome fell .
However , since 2000 , it has risen .
In 2006 , 749 babies were born with Down ’s syndrome , 32 more than in the year screening was introduced .
The increase is due to changing attitudes , said the Down ’s Syndrome Association .
" Now there is much greater inclusion and acceptance , with mainstream education having a huge role , ” said Carol Boys , the DSA chief executive .
" We think this plays a part in the decisions parents make .
There 's even been a baby with Down 's syndrome on EastEnders . "
Is the reported change in attitudes really so stark ?
Probably not .
Although the number of Down ’s syndrome babies being born is up 4 % since testing was introduced , it would have been expected to jump by an estimated 50 % had testing and termination not been available ( about 700 additional Down 's births in 2006 ) .
This is because many women now have babies later in life when the chances of having a Down ’s syndrome child are considerably greater .
Currently , 92 % of women who receive an antenatal diagnosis of Down ’s syndrome decide to terminate the pregnancy .
This proportion has not changed since 1989 , according to a report by the National Down Syndrome Cytogenetic Register .
What is Down 's syndrome ?
Down ’s syndrome is a condition present from birth which causes learning difficulties and can affect physical development .
It can also cause other health complications .
There are around 60,000 people with Down ’s syndrome in the UK .
How does it affect people ?
There is no typical person with Down ’s syndrome .
It will affect each person in a slightly different way .
Down ’s syndrome causes learning difficulties , but these can vary in nature , and children with the condition are increasingly attending mainstream schools .
Down ’s syndrome can slow a child ’s mental and social development but it will not limit it .
With the right support they can lead an active and independent life .
Many adults with Down ’s syndrome are now in work .
The condition often causes certain facial and physical features , such as slanting eyes or small eyes , but again all people with Down ’s syndrome will vary in appearance .
A proportion of people with Down ’s syndrome will also experience other complications such as hearing loss and heart conditions .
In the past this meant many people with Down ’s syndrome would have a significantly reduced life expectancy , but with advances in treatment and care this means someone with Down ’s syndrome can now expect to live to around 60 - 65 years .
What causes Down ’s syndrome ?
When a baby is conceived , it inherits genetic material from its parents .
The genetic material is usually transferred to the baby in 46 chromosomes : 23 from each parent .
Down 's syndrome is caused by a fault with a particular chromosome , the 21 chromosome .
In most cases of Down 's syndrome , a child inherits an extra copy of the 21 chromosome , meaning they inherit 47 chromosomes instead of the usual 46 .
When a person 's genetic make - up is altered in this way , it can affect their physical and mental characteristics .
There are varying forms of Down ’s syndrome , which differ based on how the extra chromosome occurs in the body .
How common is Down ’s syndrome ?
Anyone can have a child with Down ’s syndrome , although the chances do greatly increase with age .
At the age of 20 the chance is 0.07 % , at 30 years the chance increases to 0.1 % and at 40 years the chance is 1 % .
What 's involved in testing for Down ’s syndrome ?
Testing for Down ’s syndrome is routinely offered to all pregnant women , though some do n't take it .
It 's offered in two stages , a screening test and a diagnostic test .
What is the screening test ?
All pregnant women can have a screening test to identify the likelihood of their baby having Down ’s syndrome .
A screening test will involve either a blood test , an ultrasound scan or both .
These screening tests can't definitely say whether or not a baby will have Down ’s syndrome , but will be used to calculate a risk value .
If a screening test gives a low - risk result , it does not definitely mean a baby will not be born with Down ’s syndrome , just that it is unlikely .
If a screening test gives a high - risk result , then a diagnostic test will be offered .
What is the diagnostic test ?
A diagnostic test may be given using one of two techniques , amniocentesis or chorionic villus sampling ( CVS ) .
Amniocentesis is more invasive , where a needle is inserted into the womb to collect fluid for genetic testing .
It 's offered between weeks 15 and 20 of pregnancy .
CVS involves having a small sample of the placenta ( the organ in which the foetus grows and is protected and nourished ) taken for further examination .
This can be done from 10 weeks into the pregnancy .
Both these procedures carry a small risk of miscarriage , around 1 % , which is why they 're only offered to those who have a high risk of having a child with Down ’s syndrome .
How do I can get more information on caring for a Down 's syndrome child ?
With the health problems that Down ’s syndrome can bring it is important to seek specialised help and regularly visit a doctor .
The NHS offers a range of care and information for children with Down ’s syndrome and their families , so speak to your GP if you need further help .
Specialists groups and charities such as the Down ’s Syndrome Association UK , can also be a source of practical and emotional support , and may also help you speak to people with Down ’s syndrome and their families , who have experience living with the condition .
Analysis by Bazian
Edited by NHS Website
This was recently recorded in Krasnoyarsk .
A belligerent drunk dude provided some much welcome entertainment for a couple of ladies as his Incredible Hulk / Kung - Fu prowess display results in his getting a good baton -ing .
The Hishi Karada
A Body Weave by Tatu
( c ) 2001 , Revised 2005 Karada simply means " body " in Japanese , and this diamond shaped weave is often erroneously called a tortoise shell .
kikkou - literally means tortoise .
Kikkou is a design style in fabric weaving .
This term has been used incorrectly in a number of places on the internet and in print to refer to a body weave tie sometimes called a karada .
It is not .
Up until a few years ago , I had not heard Kikkou being used for a Karada .
The Kikkou design is a six sided shape found on the tortoise shell , which is recreated with rope on the body .
It is not a simple diamond body weave as in a Karada .
This is incorrect .
The tortoise shell is another design entirely and can be seen in these tutorials .
We begin by folding the rope in half and around the back of the neck .
We then tie a series of overhand knots .
The overhand knots shown down the front of the body about 9 " apart , then down between the legs and up the back .
Tie off at the loop at the back of the neck at the point of the initial fold in the rope .
Be sure and leave about 9 " of slack below the your subject 's crotch area as well .
Note that a series of knots I have named the " joy or happy knot " is strategically placed at the bottom of the hanging rope between the legs so when the weave is completed your nawa jujun will have wonderful sensations between her legs so she can self stimulate her clitoris as she walks or moves her hip region .
She will thank you for this placement .
Checking the spacing .
You then start your weave back to front to back , working your way down the body .
The end result is creating a diamond web effect in the front and back of the body .
There are a number of variations on this .
I like to twist the rope over and under with every loop ( not shown ) .
It tends to be a little more decorative and and stay firm encasing the body a little better .
I suggest a little twist with each loop .
It will keep your suit more stable and prevent slipping .
Finished Back View .
As you can see , unlike the front which was a symmetrical weave , I chose to do some decorative variations on the back .
Then just for decoration you can do a little loop every 6 " or so down the legs .
As well as the arms .
All content & design © 1995 - 2020 , TPPI and its affiliates and assigns and licensors ,
unless otherwise noted .
All rights reserved .
No claim to copyright is made for original U.S. Government Works .
" DsARts " , " The Academy of DsARts " , " Academy of D/s Arts ,
Japanese Rope ARt , and " The ARt of Geisha " , " The Geisha Files " ,
" The Way of Rope " are copyright titles , logos and signatures of TPPI .
Permission is granted to use this terminology when referring to or linking to this website .
Unauthorized use is a willful infringement upon my rights under
17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq. making one liable for statutory
damages as high as $ 150,000 for each occurrence as set forth in Section 504 ( c ) ( 2 ) therein .
All Models are at least 21 years old .
In accordance with the Federal Labeling
and Recording - keeping law ( 18 U.S.C. 2257 ) ,
the records required by Federal Law for this website are kept on file . *
( Natural News )
Men who consume more folate are significantly less likely to produce sperm with the chromosomal abnormalities that can lead to birth defects , according to a study conducted by researchers from the University of California at Berkeley and published in the journalA high intake of folate by women is already known to help prevent neural tube birth defects , but this is the first study to show that a father 's intake of the nutrient might be similarly important .
Researchers analyzed sperm from 89 healthy , non-smoking men for a condition called aneuploidy , in which a sperm cell carries the wrong number of chromosomes .
While in most cases , aneuploidy leads to either a failure to conceive or to miscarriage , sometimes the fetus can be carried term .
Such children suffer from birth defects such as Down's , Klinefelter 's or Turner 's syndrome .
The researchers also questioned the men about their diets and calculated their intake of folate , beta - carotene , zinc , vitamin C and vitamin E.
The sperm samples from men who consumed the highest amount of folate - between 722 and 1150 micrograms per day - contained between 20 and 30 percent fewer aneuploidal cells than those from men who ate the least folate .
Researcher Brenda Eskenazi said that the findings suggest that the recommended daily folate intake for men - 400 micrograms - might be too low for those expecting to conceive .
Reproductive expert Allan Pacey from the University of Sheffield said that while evidence continues to emerge that certain nutrients lead to healthier sperm , the best way to get this benefit is from a healthy diet .
" Before couples run out to the chemist and stock up on supplements , I would suggest that they just lead sensible lives and stop smoking , moderate alcohol intake and eat sensibly , making sure they get their five portions of fresh fruit and [ vegetables ] each day , " he said .
" And because it takes three months to produce sperm , any lifestyle changes should take place well in advance of any attempt to conceive . "
Situs web ini sengaja dibuat untuk memberikan kemudahan dalam mencari daftar situs bandar judi taruhan bola online resmi & terpercaya uang asli 24 jam online deposit murah indonesia .
Kamu dalam Kesulitan mencari daftar bandar judi bola 24 jam online resmi terpercaya dan terbaik yang dapat dengan mudah kamu temukan di tahun 2020 dan tentunya merupakan pilihan paling tepat dengan deposit murah .
Karena sudah lakukan proses mengalisa yang detail , kami sebagai jasa penyedia bandar taruhan judi online resmi terpercaya yang dapat kamu mainkan kapan dan dimana saja .
Berikut adalah daftar bandar judi bola pilihan terbaik .
Silahkan daftar situs judi online pilihan kamu sekarang juga .
Selamat bergabung di bandar judi resmi terpercaya 100 % aman yaitu 98bola.id .
Daftar Situs Bandar Judi Bola Online Resmi Terpercaya
Berikut Pertanyaan Umum Untuk Situs & Bonus Bandar Taruhan Judi Bola Online
Segabai daftar bandar judi online resmi dan terpercaya , Situs web kami menyediakan banyak pilihan permainan .
Namun karena banyaknya penyedia website dan khawatir salah dalam memilih bandar judi bola online serta promo bonus yang diberikan .
Disini kami akan memberikan rangkuman ulasan terpilih untuk pertanyaan yang sering diajukan di bandar judi bola ini .
Sebelumnya terima kasih sudah mengunjungi bandar judi bola resmi 98bola.id .
Apa Situs Bandar Judi Bola Terbaik , Gimana Cara Menemukannya ?
Bandar Bola Resmi untuk Taruhan Judi Online di Liga168 adalah pilihan tepat untuk kamu .
Namun , apabila anda penggemar poker - domino juga bisa bergabung di YakinQQ dan BeraniQQ .
Perlu kamu ketahui bahwa daftar yang sudah kami sajikan dan yang ada di website kami sudah lolos testing serta memiliki lisensi resmi dari berbagi pelakor bandar judi online resmi di asia , terbesar terpercaya .
Silahkan terus kunjungi 98 Bola yang selalu memberikan informasi terbaru seputar bandar judi taruhan bola resmi .
Mengapa demikian ?
karena daftar yang kami berikan dapat berubah sewaktu - waktu .
Bagaimana Cara Menemukan Bandar Judi Bola Online Yang Oke Untuk Saya ?
Jika teman - teman terdapat pertanyaan yang mirip , maka itu tergantung pada situs web bandar taruhan bola yang inginkan .
Jadi mungkinkan kamu seorang penghobbi bertaruh ?
Atau mungkin untuk mendapatkan hadiah terbanyak yang sudah di tawarkan ?
Saran kami untuk kamu adalah teruslah melakukan taruhan selama mungkin di bandar situs judi bola resmi agar mendapatkan banyak keuntungan sesuai apa yang kamu inginkan .
Daftar bandar judi yang ada dibawah ini tentu saja terpercaya dan dapat memberikan semua keinginan kamu , bergabunglah sekarang juga dan jadilah pemenang setiap harinya .
Langkah Awal Apa Untuk Memulai Permainan Pada Situs Web Bandar Judi Bola ?
Sebelum bermain , langkah pertama yang dilakukan untuk memulai yaitu melakukan pembuatan akun baru pada bandar judi online .
Kami sarankan sebelum lalukan pendaftaran , ada baiknya baca serta lakukan perbandingan terlebih dahulu situs - situs bandar judi bola online , dapat melalui pedoman - pedoman yang sudah tersedia dalam situs 98 bola.id .
Pastinya mendapatkan bonus registerasi juga kamu inginkan pada saat memilih situs bandar judi online .
Temukan juga website dengan sistem permainan taruhan yang kamu inginkan lalu pilih tombol " klaim " agar mendapatkan hadiah .
Penawaran ini akan kami sajikan setiap saat .
Apakan Bandar Judi Online Dapat Dipercaya ?
Banyak sekali yang dapat kamu temukan saat ini , akan tetapi mungkin hanya beberapa situs saja yang dapat dipercaya dan sebagiannya lagi mungkin terdapat unsur negatif akan bukti bukti penipuan , oleh sebab itu tidak bisa dipercaya begitu saja .
Ada sebagian orang melakukan kesalahan tanpa memperhatikan keresmian situs web yang sudah mereka pilih .
Kami paham jika hal ini perlu ditanggapi dengan sangat serius agar kamu dapat terhindar dari kasus penipuan .
Secara global daftar agen judi 98 bola selalu memberikan bandar resmi & aman terpercaya .
Bandar Judi Online Seperti Apakah Yang Harus Kamu Hindari ?
Cara paling ampuh untuk mendapatkan pilihan paling tepat dalam bermain taruhan bola adalah menjauhi situs yang tidak kami sediakan didalam halaman website ini .
Web ini senantiasa memberikan situs judi resmi dan terpercaya untuk kamu .
Daftar agen judi kami kumpulkan lalu tawarkan bandar terbaik kepada semua penggemar judi di Indoensia .
Jika sedang cari daftar bandar judi bola online resmi , pastikan tidak salah memilih , Silahkan kunjungi situs judi online resmi di halaman website www.98bola.id.
Apakan Agen Judi Dapat Melarang Pemain Untuk Bertaruh ?
Hal itu bisa saja .
Akan tetapi tidak berlaku untuk semua situs judi .
Saat ini banyak faktor - faktor yang menimbulkan agen judi memberikan larangan kepada pemain dalam melakukan proses taruhan situs bandar judi bola online .
Salah satunya dikarenakan adanya pelanggaran permainan untuk mendapatkan hasil lebih besar tanpa adanya kerugian sedikitpun , atau bertaruh semata - mata hanya untuk melakukan pencucian uang .
Bukan hanya itu , larangan juga berlaku kepada pemain yang mendapatkan kerugian besar , biasanya agen judi akan memberikan isyarat istirahat sejenak untuk tidak melanjutkan bertaruh karena dapat merusak moral atau kesejahteraan pemain tersebut .
Seperti Apakah Hadiah Bonus Taruhan Online Terbaik ?
Pada dasarnya setiap agen terdapat banyak perbedaan dan yang perlu kamu perhatikan atau pertimbangakan pada saat memilih bandar taruhan bola .
Pilihlah situs taruhan yang memberikan penawaran transparan seperti bonus turnover , minimal deposit murah dan terjangkau serta keaslian situs web sebelum kamu memulai bertaruh .
Perlu diketahui bandar judi bola resmi tidak perah melakukan penawaran bonus diluar nalar , jika kamu jumpai makan berhati-hatilah .
Bagaimana Cara Mendapatkan Taruhan Gratis Judi Online ?
Terdapat sebagian situs bandar judi bola online yang memberikan taruhan gratis saat register akan tetapi tidak berlaku untuk keseluruhan .
Taruhan gratis biasanya akan diberikan sebagai bentuk bonus awal pendaftaran akun baru , bonus deposit hingga hadian terhadap jumlah taruhan .
Apabila ingin mendapatkan taruhan terbaik dan gratis , situs kami juga menyajikan situs daftar taruhan gratis tersebut .
Perbandingan Situs Bandar Judi Bola Online Terbaik 2020
Perlu bettor ketahui saat ini keberadaan situs bandar judi online sudah meningkat sangat pesat dan terdapat banyak diberbagai penelusuran .
Maka dari itu , melakukan perbandingan itu sangatlah penting untuk menentukan agen taruhan bola resmi , dapat diandali dan tentunya banyak bonus .
98 Bola memiliki visi dan misi untuk memberikan informasi terbaru seputar perkumpulan bandar judi bola online terbaik Indonesia .
Melalui website kami senantiasa memberikan daftar agen judi resmi dari semua situs yang sudah ada .
Kami berharap kedepannya semua taruhan kamu dapat lebih mudah dan menyenangkan .
Oleh sebab itu kami menghadirkan daftar situs bandar judi online resmi terpercaya dan terbaik - 98 Bola .
Website ini selalu memberikan keaslian maupun keresmian sebuah situs lalu mempertemukan bandar judi bola dan pemain judi Indonesia .
Situs Judi Bola Terbaik Dengan Banyak Pilihan Game Terlengkap
98 Bola sebagai situs judi bola terbaik dan terpercaya di Indonesia tentunya juga memberikan pilihan permainan yang lengkap jika kamu bandingkan dengan bandar sbobet terkenal yang ada permainan slot online atau tembak ikan .
Berikut ragam permainan lain dari situs judi bola terbaik di Indonesia ini :
Sportsbook ( Bola , Parlay , Basket , serta cabang olahraga lainnya )
Live Casino ( Baccarat , Blackjack , Sic Bo , Roulette , Tembak Ikan )
Togel
Tangkas
Poker
DominoQQ
BandarQQ
AduQ
Capsa Susun
Bandar66
Bandar Poker
Bandar Sakong
Perang Baccarat
Slot Online Indonesia
98 Bola merupakan pusat untuk daftar situs judi bola online untuk para bettor senantiasa memberikan daftar agen judi yang memiliki lisensi resmi & bandar judi online deposit murah 24 jam dengan hadiah asli yang nyata dan transparan untuk semua playernya .
Dengan berjalannya waktu pengalaman kami juga semakin luas dan meningkatnya kehadiran situs judi bola .
Proses tinjau akan dilakukan terus - menerus agar semua sajian agen judi terbaik dari semua situs judi online yang ada .
Jika kamu ingin mendalami mengenai www.98bola.id, silahkan cermati semua yang sudah kamu buat .
Apabila kamu khawatir dengan keaslian suatu agen judi taruhan bola online maupun memiliki pertanyaan , kamu dapat mengirimkan pesan atau menghubungi kami di situs web 98bola.id .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A federal judge on Thursday rejected a request by Republican U.S. Sen .
Ted Stevens of Alaska to dismiss the charges or declare a mistrial .
His lawyers made the request because they said prosecutors withheld evidence helpful to their defense in the case of the powerful , veteran lawmaker who is accused of filing false financial disclosure forms by failing to include more than $ 250,000 in gifts he received .
U.S. Justice Department prosecutors admitted a serious mistake had been made , but had urged the judge to allow the trial to go forward .
They said the oversight was not serious enough to warrant dismissing the case or ordering a new trial .
The judge sided with the prosecutors in rejecting the defense request , but said he had lost confidence in the ability of the prosecutors to turn over helpful evidence to the defense .
The judge ’s decision to allow the trial to go forward was a setback for Stevens , 84 , one of the Senate ’s most powerful Republicans who is seeking reelection in November .
Stevens , who has been in the Senate for 40 years and is the longest - serving Republican senator in U.S. history , faces a close race in what has long been a safe Republican seat .
His Democratic opponent is Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich .
U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan said he would adjourn the trial until Monday to give defense lawyers time to review new information that he ordered the prosecutors to turn over .
Reporting from deep red South Carolina the day after the election , Anne Hull of the Washington Post wrote : “ On the road , cars still had South Carolina license tags that said ‘ In God We Trust . ’
The utility pole on U.S. 29 was still tacked with the ‘ Jesus Saves ’ sign .
...
The textile mills were still empty , and dogs still barked at the ends of their chains .
...
But everything was different . ”
In so many respects -- culturally , ethnically , sociologically , internationally -- the election of Barack Obama has altered the landscape .
It also has changed the political terrain , making the path for Republicans to return to majority status in the electorate daunting -- an uphill climb akin to scaling Mt. Everest .
Without pitons .
The geographic coalition Obama was able to craft is certainly exhilarating for Democrats .
He held every state John Kerry captured in 2004 and added a slew of states that had seemed out of reach .
That gave a kick to congressional Democrats as well .
With some races still undecided , they will pick up 20 or more seats in the House and seven or more in the Senate , coming on top of seats won in 2006 .
It is exceedingly rare for a party to make back - to - back gains of this magnitude .
( We ’d have to go back to the 1950s for a comparable swing . )
In the most immediate analysis , this election marked the combination of Obama ’s appealing persona with a national paroxysm of desire to turn the page totally on the Bush years .
But long term , the results signal political shifts that have to be sobering , even chilling , for Republican partisans looking to a brighter day .
Advertisement
First , Obama ’s electoral coalition suggests deep fissures in the geographical base of the GOP .
Since the 1960s , Republicans have been able to count on solid support from the South and the Rocky Mountain West , along with significant footholds in the Upper Midwest and New England .
Obama ’s victories in Virginia , North Carolina and Florida show that the solid South is now more liquid .
In the West , the Obama victories in Colorado , New Mexico and Nevada , along with a robust showing in Montana , are bitter reversals for Republican fortunes .
Add Obama ’s ability to win handily in Iowa , Minnesota and Wisconsin , and the virtual disappearance of the GOP in New England ( with the defeat of Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays , there is no longer a single Republican lawmaker from a region that was once a GOP bastion ) , and it is not clear there is any enduring regional base for the party anymore .
At the same time , Republicans have seen serious erosion in America ’s suburbs .
Suburban voters gave 61 % of their votes to the GOP in 1984 and 57 % in 1988 , but that dropped to 52 % by 2004 .
This time , they fell to 48 % , while Obama captured a majority .
For the GOP , its base has been reduced to small - town and rural voters , not exactly a growth strategy .
Even more disturbing for Republicans is the change reflected in demographics .
Minority voters are growing steadily as a share of the population and of voters .
In 2004 , whites made up 79 % of U.S. voters ; they were down to 75 % this year .
Blacks , Latinos and Asians , meantime , went from 20 % to 23 % .
Blacks voted 95 % for Obama ; Latinos gave him 66 % support ; and Asians , 61 % .
Whatever advances the Bush team made by wooing black churches and socially conservative Latinos during the last eight years seemed to evaporate .
If the Republican Party cannot make significant , lasting inroads into these minority voting populations , it has a long - term disaster on its hands .
Most ominous for the GOP is what has been happening with younger voters .
As a share of the electorate , 18 - to 29 - year - olds grew only slightly , from 17 % to 18 % .
But they grew in terms of numbers of voters by more than 2.2 million ( perhaps up to 4.5 million ) and gave 66 % of their votes to Obama .
Partisan identity tends to crystallize in this age range .
If Obama succeeds over the next four or eight years , these voters may carry their Democratic identity through their lifetimes .
For Republicans , the danger is that their only reliable voting bloc may remain older white guys .
Make that older Protestant white guys .
Ouch .
Advertisement
John McCain loves to remark that “ it is always darkest before it ’s totally black . ”
And the GOP might share that sentiment now .
But it can be true that it is darkest before the dawn .
When Barry Goldwater got stomped by LBJ in 1964 , with Democrats sweeping to swollen majorities in Congress , newspapers and analysts all over the country wrote about the impending death of the GOP .
Four years later , the party captured the White House , ushering in an era in which it won seven of 10 presidential elections .
A backlash against the Vietnam War and a fracture in Democratic ranks over civil rights in 1968 led to victory for Richard Nixon , and the Republicans reclaimed five Senate seats .
Republicans could come back if Obama and his congressional Democrats fall apart or simply cannot deliver stability during these tumultuous times .
They wo n’t reemerge , however , if the lesson they take from 2008 is to shed moderates and move even more sharply right , or if they just hope for more bad times .
Republicans need to be more than just the only other option on the ballot in four years .
They must find a message -- be it a more refined compassionate conservativism , the folksy populism of Mike Huckabee or even a fiscally conservative / environmentally conservationist fusion -- that speaks to the segments of the electorate that are growing .
And then they need a leader to deliver it .
At this early date after a dramatic election , there is no sign they have either .
Who can turn the world on with her smile ?
Who can take a nothing day and suddenly make it all seem worthwhile ?
Well it ’s NOT you girl …
Look .
I am going to say what everyone at CNN , CBS , ABC and NBC is thinking but is afraid to say .
Governor Palin is a stupid , conniving bitch .
And it ’s not because she is a strong woman – I like strong women … worship them …
It ’s actually the opposite .
She is a weak , pathetic woman who thinks big hair , winking , baby talk and self deprecation is somehow becoming of a woman who wants to lead the free world .
My god , where is Margaret Thatcher when you need her !
But what really makes me mad is the hypocrisy .
She claims to be a Washington outsider and yet is the worst kind of politician .
She will say anything and avoid answering any question instead choosing to spout whatever line or soundbite some adviser put into her mouth a few hours earlier .
And exactly when did sounding like a hick make someone “ more like us ” .
Last time I checked we were a country striving to educate our children to be intelligent and honest .
I think I would die if my daughter came home from school and said something like “ I gotta tell ya .
Change is a comin’ . ”
At the very least I would remove the Beverly Hillbillies from her approved TV viewing list .
And then there is Alaska .
Have any of you been to Alaska recently ?
Although the largest State geographically , it has less than a million people – about 700,000 .
( The city I live in now is bigger .
) Fewer population issues exist for lawmakers to address .
And because they make so much money from the oil companies , the Alaskan government actually gives it citizens an annual dividend check ( this year $ 3,200 ) .
Exactly what Governor would n’t be popular under those circumstances ?
No wonder they can afford to elect a governor who ony has an undergraduate degree in journalism and a few beauty pageant awards .
By the way , when you got that journalism degree did they teach you that some journalists actually ask hard questions like what newpapers do you read ?
Fact : Sarah Palin is stupid .
Maybe not stupid by Alabama standards but stupid enough that she managed to get herself elected Governor while never bothering to educate herself on little things like the Constitution , foriegn affairs or appropriate debating practices .
She is stupid enough to have accepted a VP nomination for which she is completely unqualified and stupid enough not to admit it – even though the future of our great nation could be irreversibly damaged by the decision .
When exactly do we all get to call “ bullshit ” ?
She loves to talk about being a mother but the last time I checked , having your newborn on national TV at 11 PM instead of in bed was n’t considered “ good muthering “ .
Neither was making your child ’s unexpected teen pregnancy the talk of the nation because you desperately wanted to be a politician in Washington DC – or is n’t that exactly what you said you did n’t want .
From where I sit , it appears you would sell your soul for the position .
Kind of the way that Elisabeth girl on The View sold her soul for fame .
Please god get her off the airwaves – she became famous because she ate a rat … but I digress …
Oh and my favorite – my husband Todd ( the first dude ) and I sit around the kitchen table wondering about the cost of college like many of you … oh really .
Your oldest son went from high school into the military .
Your next oldest is pregnant with plans to be married to some hockey jock at age 17 .
Seems to me you ’ve got lots of time before you have to worry about college tuition especially being college does n’t seem to be a priority in your family .
You refuse to give live interviews and then whine when your taped interviews get edited .
Then you have a chance to be live in front of the nation during a debate and you respond by not answering the questions ( proudly not answering the questions I might add ) but rather by reading the cue cards given to you by a group of white old men who sold their souls to the political system when you were in ….
I do n’t know – 2nd grade maybe .
Your insulting to a United States Senator who is so respected that his home state has elected him to office 6 times .
And while I am on the subject of the debate – shame on Gwen Ifell for not making her answer the questions .
Damn I miss Tim Russert .
Sarah Palin is an ignorant , ranting , whining bitch .
There I said it .
But lots more are thinking it .
Please take your ridiculous hair , your over lipstick - smacking mouth , your Lenscrafter look smarter glasses and your poorly fitted designer jackets back to Alaska .
And when you get there , shove a piece of the pipeline up your considerable ass .
I ’ll be damned if we ’ll put our children ’s future in your hands .
And the same thing goes for McCain – the ass wipe who gave her this national platform effectively pushing the woman ’s movement back into the dark ages – knowing McCain that might have been his plan all along .
Hmm , in McCain 's equivalency world there must be dozens of authorized Democratic sites leveling similar accusations at him , right ?
Anyone ever hear of any , because I know I have n't .
Dumbasses can't even disavow it convincingly .
Democrats have been playing the race card ,
Did you know that there are numbers that cannot be computed by any computer program ?
It is weird , but true .
And by number , I mean just an ordinary real number .
As a perhaps unnecessarily simple example , the result of the division 1/ 7 looks like this :
0.1428571428571428571428571428571414285714285714285714285714285714 …
We can easily implement a program that prints this number .
The decimal expansion of 1/7 is infinite , so the program will have to run in an infinite loop to print the “ whole ” number .
Here is a C# implementation :
static void Main ( ) { Console . Write ( " 0 . " ) ; while ( true ) Console .
Write ( " 142857 " ) ; }
It is a bit of a philosophical question whether this program is really “ computing ” 1/7 or whether it has the answer hard - coded .
You can certainly write a program that will compute the answer more legitimately by long division .
The part that really matters is that there is some program that prints the infinite decimal expansion of 1/7 , which makes 1/7 a computable number .
Similarly , you can write programs that will print the infinite decimal expansion of any rational number , sqrt ( 2 ) , any algebraic number , π , e , and just about any other number that you can describe .
For example , to compute π , you could use one of the known approximation algorithms .
You would compute π to greater and greater accuracy , and print more and more digits to the screen .
As a side note , we are assuming that the computer that will execute your program has an unlimited amount of memory .
While not very realistic , this abstraction is analogous to the famous Turing machine , and extremely useful to understand certain deep truths about computation .
Interestingly , there are numbers that are non-computable .
A number is non-computable if there is no program that prints its infinite decimal expansion ( adding trailing zeros if a finite expansion is possible ) .
How do we know that there are such numbers ?
The key insight is that there are more real numbers than there are C# programs .
That is pretty surprising , given that both the number of real numbers and the number of C# programs are infinite .
Nevertheless , it is true .
C# programs are countable .
That means that we can assign a different positive integer to each program .
The shortest valid C# program will be 1 , the next shortest will be 2 , and so forth .
If there are multiple valid programs of the same length , we will sort the programs lexicographically and assign integers in that order .
By the way , there are many different ways in which to define a “ valid program ” .
One approach is to say that to be valid , the program must compile , run without exceptions , and print an infinite sequence of digits , separated at exactly one place with a decimal point .
Unlike C# programs , real numbers are uncountable .
There is no way to assign a different integer to each real number … there are just too many real numbers !
This fact was proved by Georg Cantor in a couple different ways , the most famous of which is the diagonalization argument .
Not only do non-computable numbers exist , but in fact they are vastly more abundant than computable numbers .
Many , many real numbers are simply infinite sequences of seemingly random digits , with no pattern or special property .
But , even though there are so many uncountable numbers , their examples tend to be weird and a little strenuous to explain .
As one such example , consider a number whose part before the decimal point is 0 .
We choose i-th digit after the decimal point to be different from the digit in the same position in the number printed by program i ( by “ program i ” , I mean the program associated with integer i , as described earlier in the article ) .
So , each digit after the decimal point guarantees that the constructed number will differ from the number printed by a particular program .
This demonstrates that the constructed number will be different from any number printed by a computer program !
By the way , this construction is basically Cantor ’s diagonalization argument , only recast in a different terminology .
Theoretical foundations of computer science , which underlie everything we do as programmers , are nothing short of amazing .
If you would like to read more about computability and related concepts , check out Charles Petzold ’s book , The Annotated Turing .
The original Alan Turing ’s paper that introduces computable numbers is available here , but Petzold ’s book is a lot easier to read .
[ Update ]
See the forum on the reddit page of this article for additional in - depth discussion of this topic .
More articles :
Skip list are fascinating !
Data structure zoo : ordered set
Quicksort killer
Tags : Cool
Snow fell as the House of Commons debated Global Warming yesterday - the first October fall in the metropolis since 1922 .
The Mother of Parliaments was discussing the Mother of All Bills for the last time , in a marathon six hour session .
In order to combat a projected two degree centigrade rise in global temperature , the Climate Change Bill pledges the UK to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 80 per cent by 2050 .
The bill was receiving a third reading , which means both the last chance for both democratic scrutiny and consent .
The bill creates an enormous bureaucratic apparatus for monitoring and reporting , which was expanded at the last minute .
Amendments by the Government threw emissions from shipping and aviation into the monitoring program , and also included a revision of the Companies Act ( c. 46 ) " requiring the directors ’ report of a company to contain such information as may be specified in the regulations about emissions of greenhouse gases from activities for which the company is responsible " by 2012 .
Recently the American media has begun to notice the odd incongruity of saturation media coverage here which insists that global warming is both man-made and urgent , and a British public which increasingly doubts either to be true .
60 per cent of the British population now doubt the influence of humans on climate change , and more people than not think Global Warming wo n't be as bad " as people say " .
Both figures are higher than a year ago - and the poll was taken before the non-summer of 2008 , and the ( latest ) credit crisis .
Yet anyone looking for elected representatives to articulate these concerns will have been disappointed .
Instead , representatives had a higher purpose - demonstrating their virtue .
And for the first 90 minutes of the marathon debate , the new nobility outdid each other with calls for tougher pledges , or stricter monitoring .
Gestures are easy , so no wonder MPs like making them so much .
It was all deeply sanctimonious , but no one pointed out that Europe 's appetite for setting targets that hurt the economy has evaporated in recent weeks - so it 's a gesture few countries will feel compelled to imitate .
The US Senate has Senator James Inhofe , but in the Commons , there was n't an out - and - out sceptic to be found .
It was 90 minutes before anyone broke the liturgy of virtue .
When Peter Lilley , in amazement , asked why there had n't been a cost / benefit analysis made of such a major change in policy , he was told to shut up by the Deputy Speaker .
( And even Lilley - one of only five out of 653 MPs to vote against the Climate Bill in its second reading - felt it necessary to pledge his allegiance to the Precautionary Principle . )
It fell to a paid - up member of Greenpeace , the Labour MP Rob Marris , to point out the Bill was a piece of political showboating that would fail .
While professing himself a believer in the theory that human activity is primarily the cause of global warming , he left plenty of room for doubt - far more than most members .
The legislation was doomed , Marris said .
MP Rob Marris
Marris had previously supported the 60 per cent target but thought that 80 per cent , once it included shipping and aviation , would n't work .
We could have a higher target , or include shipping and aviation , but not both .
He compared it to asking someone to run 100 m in 14 seconds - which they might consider something to train for .
Asking someone to run it in ten seconds just meant people would dismiss the target .
" The public will ask ' why should we bother doing anything at all ? ' "
Out of bounds
The closest thing to a British Inhofe is Ulsterman Sammy Wilson , Democratic Unionist Party , who 'd wanted a " reasoned debate " on global warming , rather than bullying , and recently called environmentalism a " hysterical psuedo - religion " .
Wilson described the Climate Bill as a disaster , but even colleagues who disagree with his views of environmentalism are wary of the latest amendments .
The Irish Republic is likely to reap big economic gains if it does n't penalise its own transport sector as fiercely as the UK pledges to penalise its own in the bill .
Most Ulster MPs were keenly aware of the costs , and how quickly the ports and airports could close , when a cheaper alternative lies a few miles away over the border .
Tory barrister Christopher Chope professed himself baffled by the logic of including aviation and shipping .
If transportation was made more expensive , how could there be more trade ?
" As we destroy industry we 'll be more dependent on shipping and aviation for our imports ! " he said .
" When the history books come to be written people will ask why were the only five MPs ... who voted against this ludicrous bill , " he said .
It would tie Britain up in knots for years , all for a futile gesture , Chope thought .
However , Tim Yeo , the perma - suntanned Tory backbencher who wants us to carry carbon rationing cards , said it would " improve Britain 's competitiveness " .
He did n't say how .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This is a truly heartbreaking story .
The New York Times reports on yet another facet of the bloodshed in the Congo : Endangered mountain gorillas are among the rebels ’ targets :
Congo ’s gorillas happen to live in one of the most contested , blood - soaked pieces of turf in one of the most contested , blood - soaked corners of Africa .
Their home , Virunga National Park , is high ground — with mist - shrouded mountains and pointy volcanoes — along the porous Congo - Rwanda border , where rebels are suspected of smuggling in weapons from Rwanda .
Last year in Virunga , 10 gorillas were killed , some shot in the back of the head , execution style , park officials said .
According to this AP story , the rebels often eat the slaughtered gorillas .
But it ’s unlikely that the militias are killing them solely for their meat .
The reason ?
Read on after the jump .
First , the park is full of wildlife — the Times story mentions that the rebels have also hunted hippopotamuses for their meat ; after a recent machine gun rampage in a local watering hole , a park spokeswoman said , “ The lake turned red . ”
What ’s more , the gorillas are perfect pawns — since only 700 individuals remain in the Congo , they have political caché .
In recent months , the rebel attacks in the park have become so frequent that the 240 rangers who had been protecting the gorillas have been driven out of the area .
The other night , a conservation biologist friend told me that a few park wardens have chosen to continue to do their job without pay .
The Times did n’t report that , but the rangers ’ dedication to the gorillas is obvious ; as one told the Times , “ They are like our cousins . ”
The U.S. Air Force said Sunday a B - 52 bomber carrying six crew members crashed off the island of Guam .
The Coast Guard said two people were recovered from the waters .
Their conditions were not immediately available .
Rescue crews from the Navy , Coast Guard and local fire department are searching for the others .
Officials said the crash occurred about 40 kilometres northwest of Apra Harbor .
The accident is the second for the Air Force this year on Guam .
In February , a B - 2 crashed at Andersen Air Force Base in the first - ever crash of a stealth bomber .
The American military estimated the loss of the aircraft at $ 1.4 billion .
Websites of political groups fighting anti-gay marriage amendments were hit by a flood of fake traffic Wednesday , in an apparent attempt to muzzle the sites and interfere with a fundraising effort , California 's No on Prop 8 group said Thursday .
The Secret Service is now investigating the denial - of - service attack on NOonprop8.com , an attack that began Wednesday afternoon and eventually made the site unreachable that evening , according to spokeswoman Julia Spiess .
No on Prop 8 described the attack as " what appears to be a coordinated attack designed to bring the system down . "
Distributed Denial of Service attacks work by sending floods of fake requests to a website in order to prevent legitimate users from getting in .
Attackers often use a network of compromised computers — known as a botnet — to send the traffic from multiple locations , which makes filtering more difficult .
Motives for such attacks range from revenge to ransom .
As of Thursday morning , the site was back up and running normally after the site 's technicians made hardware and software changes , Spiess said .
The attack came right after the group issued a fund raising appeal ahead of the final weekend before Tuesday 's vote .
The measure seeks to ban same - sex marriages in California , which became legal in June this year after the California Supreme Court struck down the state 's laws banning gay marriage , finding them unconstitutional .
The California group says the attack on its site coincided with an attack on Florida 's NO on 2 campaign , which opposes a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage .
UPDATE : Geoff Kors , a spokesman for No on Prop 8 , declined to speculate on who was behind the attack but had no kind words for the Yes on Prop 8 group .
" I have n't seen the other side condemn the attack , which speaks volumes about the kind of campaign they have run and who they are as people , " Kors said .
On Friday , Yes on 8 spokesman Chip White denied any involvement and questioned the report .
" We had nothing to do with it , if in fact there actually was an attack , " White said .
" There is just so much traffic on the internet that everyone has trouble .
As recently as Wednesday morning , our site went down , but we did n't accuse anyone . "
Photo : crichton91 / Flickr
Here 's your Week Three College Football Announcing Schedule and were finally starting get some better matchups .
The weekend is obviously highlighted by OSU - USC , but we also get Kansas - S. Florida , Wisconsin - Fresno State , Nevada - Missouri and the return of Lundquist and last year 's Pammy Champ , Gary Danielson !
Thanks to the collective efforts of The 506 and SS , here 's your schedule for the week ....
Thursday , September 11th
North Carolina @ Rutgers ( ESPN , 7:30 pm ) - Chris Fowler , Jesse Palmer , Craig James , Erin Andrews
Friday , September 12th
11 Kansas @ 18 South Florida ( ESPN2 , 8 pm ) - Sean McDonough , Chris Spielman , Rob Stone
Saturday , September 13th
25 California @ Maryland ( ESPN , Noon ) - Dave Pasch , Andre Ware
Florida Atlantic @ Michigan State ( ESPN2 , Noon ) - Pam Ward , Ray Bentley
Navy @ Duke ( ESPN , Noon ) - Dave Armstrong , Larry Coker
Louisiana - Lafayette @ Illinois ( BTN , Noon ) - Matt Devlin , Ian Allen
Iowa State @ Iowa ( BTN , Noon ) - Thom Brennaman , Charles Davis , Charissa Thompson
Montana State @ Minnesota ( BTN , Noon ) - Wayne Larrivee , Chris Martin
Southern Illinois @ Northwestern ( BTN , Noon ) - Mark Neely , Glen Mason
Temple @ Buffalo ( ESPN Plus , Noon ) - Michael Reghi , Jim Donnan
North Carolina State @ 23 Clemson ( Raycom , Noon ) - Steve Martin , Rick Walker , Mike Hogewood
Washington State @ Baylor ( FSN , 12:30 pm ) - Bill Land , Dave Lapham , Jim Knox
Alabama - Birmingham @ Tennessee ( Raycom , 12:30 pm ) - Dave Neal , David Archer , Dave Baker
Nevada @ 6 Missouri ( FSN PPV , 12:30 pm ) - Dan McLaughlin , D'Marco Farr , Jason Ray , Mark Claiborne
20 East Carolina @ Tulane ( WITN , 3 pm ) - Drew Smith , Billy Weaver
Michigan @ Notre Dame ( NBC , 3:30 pm ) - Tom Hammond , Pat Haden , Alex Flanagan
2 Georgia @ South Carolina ( CBS , 3:30 pm ) - Verne Lundquist , Gary Danielson , Tracy Wolfson
Georgia Tech @ Virginia Tech ( ABC / ESPN2 , 3:30 pm ) - Terry Gannon , David Norrie
14 Oregon @ Purdue ( ABC / ESPN2 , 3:30 pm ) - Brad Nessler , Bob Griese , Paul Maguire , Stacey Dales
Arkansas @ 8 Texas ( ABC , 3:30 pm ) - Ron Franklin , Ed Cunningham , Jack Arute
17 Penn State @ Syracuse ( ABC , 3:30 pm ) - Bob Wischusen , Brock Huard
UCLA @ 15 Brigham Young ( Versus , 3:30 pm ) - Joe Beninati , Glenn Parker , Tim Neverett
Air Force @ Houston ( CBS College Sports , 3:30 pm ) - Carter Blackburn , Aaron Taylor
Chattanooga @ Florida State ( ESPNU , 3:45 pm ) - Doug Bell , Charles Arbuckle
Hawaii @ Oregon State ( FSN Regional , 4 pm ) - Todd Mansfield , Steve Preece , Cathy Marshall
9 Auburn @ Mississippi State ( ESPN2 , 7 pm ) - Mark Jones , Bob Davie
Southern Methodist @ 12 Texas Tech ( FSN Regional , 7 pm ) - Joel Meyers , Gary Reasons , Emily Jones
Memphis @ Marshall ( CSS , 7 pm ) - Bob Neal , Chuck Oliver , Allison Williams
Missouri State @ Oklahoma State ( FCS Central , 7 pm ) - Kevin Eschenfelder , Richard Baldinger
Western Kentucky @ 16 Alabama ( CTSN , 7 pm ) - Chris Stewart , Tyler Watts
Middle Tennessee @ Kentucky ( Big Blue Sports PPV , 7 pm ) - Rob Bromley , Tim Couch , Drew Deener
New Mexico State @ Nebraska ( FSN PPV , 7 pm ) - Ron Thulin , Matt Davison
Virginia @ Connecticut ( ESPNU , 7:30 pm ) - Clay Matvick , David Diaz - Infante
3 Oklahoma @ Washington ( ESPNU , 7:45 pm ) - Mike Patrick , Todd Blackledge , Holly Rowe
5 Ohio State @ 1 USC ( ABC , 8 pm ) - Brent Musburger , Kirk Herbstreit , Lisa Salters , Erin Andrews
Arizona @ New Mexico ( CBS College Sports , 8 pm ) - Tom Hart , Trev Alberts
Stanford @ Texas Christian ( MTN , 8 pm ) - James Bates , Todd Christensen
Bowling Green @ Boise State ( KTVB , 8 pm ) - Mark Johnson , Tom Scott , David Augusto
22 Utah @ Utah State ( KJZZ , 8 pm ) - Steve Brown , Mike Norseth
North Texas @ 7 Louisiana State ( ESPN + PPV , 8 pm ) - Doug Greengard , Rene Nadeau
Nevada - Las Vegas @ 13 Arizona State ( FSN Regional , 10 pm ) - Trey Bender , Juan Roque , Jody Jackson
10 Wisconsin @ 21 Fresno State ( ESPN2 , 10:30 pm ) - Joe Tessitore , Rod Gilmore
( Photo via SI 's Cheerleader Of The Week Index )
Posted on October 12 , 2008 in Videos
America , this is half of your country : “ Terrorist ” “ Arab ” “ Kill Him ” .
Maybe we should n’t just be scared of November 4th , but of what will happen if Obama wins too .
Think of it as the end of cars ’ slacker days :
No more sitting idle for hours in parking lots or garages racking up payments , but instead earning their keep by providing power to the electricity grid .
Scientists at the University of Michigan , using a $ 2 million grant from the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , are exploring plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( PHEV ) that not only use grid electricity to meet their power needs , but return it to the grid , earning money for the owner .
“ Cars sit most of the time , ” said Jeff Stein , a professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering .
“ What if it could work for you while it sits there ?
If you could use a car for something more than just getting to work or going on a family vacation , it would be a whole different way to think about a vehicle , and a whole different way to think about the power grid , too . ”
The concept , called vehicle - to - grid ( V2G ) integration , is part of a larger effort to embrace large - scale changes that are needed to improve the sustainability and resilience of the transportation and electric power infrastructures .
If V2G integration succeeds , it will enable the grid to utilize PHEV batteries for storing excess renewable energy from wind and the sun , releasing this energy to grid customers when needed , such as during peak hours .
This will lead to more sustainable transportation and grid infrastructures , and will also increase the resilience of these infrastructures to sharp changes in energy costs , supply , or demand .
The NSF ’s Emerging Frontiers in Research and Innovation program created a topic for a 2007 - 2008 call for proposals on resilient and sustainable infrastructures .
This topic argues that the nation ’s infrastructures over the past century have evolved largely independently but new technologies have emerged that coupled some of these infrastructures .
This has created a need for fundamental tools to design and develop these new technologies and to evolve these coupled infrastructures .
advertisement
Stein and others see the PHEV as a perfect example of such a new technology that in this case is coupling the transportation and power grid infrastructures .
V2G is an opportunity to look at vehicles beyond shaving miles per gallon .
A team of experts in mechanical and power systems engineering , economics , and industrial ecology will examine every aspect of a PHEV and how it interacts with the electrical grid .
If PHEVs , which are anticipated to be on the market in 2010 , fulfill their promise , millions could be on the road in the decades to come .
This potentially will provide unprecedented shared battery storage to the grid and transportation infrastructures , thereby allowing these infrastructures to store renewable energy when available and use it when needed .
Aging electric plants are good at generating power , Stein said , but they face challenges in storing it , and lack ways to buffer against either big surges in demands , or interruptions in supply .
Massive storage systems can be costly and problematic .
But , Stein said , think of all the “ distributed ” storage packed into millions of PHEVs on the road .
He and his colleagues envision a world where the electric cars could double as mobile holding tanks for electricity , ready to serve in their down time .
advertisement
“ If we had lots of PHEVs all plugged into the grid , then what seems like an insignificant amount of energy storage becomes a large energy storage , ” he said .
Using gasoline - fueled conventional vehicles to generate electricity would be neither cost effective nor clean .
But Stein says that hydrogen fuel cells could in the future power both the transportation and grid infrastructures .
Stein and his colleagues see this as a long - term possibility likely to become more and more attractive as fuel cell costs continue to fall .
The team ’s success will depend on its ability to bring together expertise in transportation and grid systems , economics , industrial ecology , and natural resources .
This explains the impressive size of the team , which also includes Hosam Fathy , Zoran Filipi and Huei Peng in the Department of Mechanical Engineering ; Duncan Callaway and Greg Keoleian in the School of Natural Resources and Environment ; John Sullivan in the Transportation Research Institute ; Jing Sun in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Carl Simon , in the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy ; as well as Mariesa Crow from the Missouri University of Science and Technology .
The four - year project has several components , including :
Designing new generations of PHEV powertrains , grid systems , and intelligent controllers for these powertrains and systems , to maximize the benefit of V2G integration .
Understanding the impacts of PHEVs – no small task since the supply chains for an automobile contain some 20,000 parts and components – and from there developing environmental and energy sustainability models .
The research team will look at life - cycle assessment , that is , understanding how energy is distributed through a system throughout its life , what kind of demands PHEV will place on the electric grid , and what needs the grid will have .
Building computer models to help understand and predict market penetration of PHEVs .
The team will evaluate the long - term sustainability of joining transportation and electricity systems .
Developing models to understand how PHEVs can influence the reliability and stability of the electrical grid .
The team will look at issues both of resilience and redundancy --- how well a system can shift to a back up plan .
The models they create ultimately can be turned over to industry .
“ Only by applying thoughtful , well developed science will the nation be able to make the right decisions to effectively address our energy challenges , ” said Gary Was , director of the Michigan Memorial Phoenix Energy Institute which develops , coordinates and promotes multidisciplinary energy research and education at U - M .
“ This project will provide policy makers , industry leaders and the public with critical information so that they can make well informed decisions .
It is the new face of informed decision making . ”
Investors are feeding a dramatic world - wide slowdown by trying to flee it , racing away from many corners of the globe they used to favor .
The resulting tumbles in stocks and currencies have helped provoke a broader crisis in places such as Iceland , whose turmoil in turn is hitting bank depositors from London to Amsterdam .
As foreign capital flows out of a host of smaller economies , it 's laying bare the excesses built up during five years of strong growth and easy access to borrowing .
Concerns are rising that such countries ...
We 're sorry .
The item you requested could not be located on our site .
Please visit again soon .
Thank you .
Since I posted the huge collection of Large Background Websites , I received several email requests on how to make a large background site with CSS .
So , I thought it would be a good idea to share my techniques on designing large background websites .
In this tutorial , I will provide various CSS examples on how you can create a large background site using either a single or double images .
Common Mistake : Background Gets Cropped ( see demo )
Take a look at the demo file , it looks fine under 1280 px .
But if you have a high resolution display , you will see the background gets cut off on the sides .
Example # 1 : Single Image ( see demo )
A quick solution to fix the problem mentioned earlier : make the edge of the image the same color as the BODY background color .
Here , I ’m going to use Web Designer Wall as an example .
Take a look at the image below and notice the edge is a solid color ?
CSS Part
The CSS part is very simple .
Specify the background image ( position it center , top ) for the BODY element .
Here is the CSS code :
body { padding : 0 ; margin : 0 ; background : # f8f7e5 url( wdw - bg.jpg ) no -repeat center top ; width : 100 % ; display : table ; }
Notice there are two extra lines in the BODY selector .
That is to prevent the background image from shifting when you resize the browser smaller than the content width ( it happens in Firefox ) .
Example # 2 : Double Images ( see demo )
For this example , I ’m going to use the job board design , Design Jobs on the Wall .
I have a cork board pattern repeating in the BODY tag and a wrapper background in the center .
The trick here is to export the GIF matte with a brown color that is similar to the cork board pattern .
Example # 3 : Sky Background ( see demo )
In this example , I have a 1px gradient that is repeated horizontally for the BODY tag .
Then I attached a cloud background in the center of the #wrapper tag .
Update : Sky Background Using HTML Selector ( see demo )
Thanks to the comments from the readers .
Below is an example of the sky background using HTML selector to display the gradient background , so the #wrapper DIV tag is not required .
It is a much more cleaner approach .
Download the demo zip now and do n’t forget to check out the Large Background Websites .
Credits : thanks to Alex from markup4u.com for the {width : 100 % ; display : table} CSS trick .
A weight gain " switch " has been discovered in the brain that could open up new ways of tackling obesity .
Consuming too many calories sends out messages from the brain that upset the body 's finely - tuned energy balance , research shows .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
As a result , food intake goes up and more sugar is stored as fat .
The mechanism also has a direct link to obesity - linked disorders such as as type 2 diabetes and heart disease , scientists believe .
Suppressing the pathway - possibly by means of drugs - could provide a new strategy for restoring a healthy weight and metabolism , the study suggests .
Scientists working with mice made the discovery in the hypothalamus , a part of the brain that links the nervous system to the hormones affecting metabolic processes .
Among other things , the hypothalamus helps to regulate body temperature , hunger and thirst .
The cell - signalling switch , a protein complex called NF - kappaB , is primarily associated with the immune system .
When activated by the enzyme IKKbeta , it triggers low - level inflammation in many parts of the body .
But the new research showed that it also influences food intake and metabolism .
Normally the IKKbeta / NF - KappaB pathway is inactive .
Scientists think that some time in the distant past it may have played an important role helping the body defend itself against infection .
Dr Dongsheng Cai , from the University of Wisconsin - Madison in the US , who led the research , said : " In today 's society , this pathway is mobilised by a different environmental challenge - overnutrition . "
One of its effects is to create resistance to insulin and the " feeling full " hormone leptin , which controls appetite .
This can lead to more food being eaten and the generation of extra fat .
Dr Cai's team found that a chronic high - fat diet doubled the activity of the IKKbeta / NF - KappaB pathway in the brains of mice .
Its activity was also much higher in mice genetically predisposed to obesity , the scientists reported in the journal Cell .
When they " knocked out " the gene for IKKbeta , the signalling pathway was suppressed .
" The animals were significantly protected from energy over - consumption and obesity development , " said Dr Cai .
The research suggested that inflammation and obesity were " quite intertwined " , he added .
Inflammation affecting metabolic tissues such as the muscles and liver could produce some of the effects underlying type 2 diabetes , said the researchers .
They wrote : " Our work marks an initial attempt to study whether inhibiting an innate immune pathway in the hypothalamus could help to calibrate the set point of nutritional balance and therefore aid in counteracting energy imbalance and diseases induced by overnutrition .
" We recognise that the significance of this strategy has yet to be realised in clinical practice ; currently , most anti-inflammatory therapies have limited direct effects on IKKB / NF - KappaB and limited capacity to be concentrated in the central nervous system .
Nevertheless , our discoveries offer potential for treating these serious diseases . "
The scientists pointed out that since the " switch " was inactive and functionless under normal circumstances , such an approach was likely to be safe .
The Royal Society of Chemistry is today reclaiming the word chemical from the advertising and marketing industries .
It has been misappropriated and maligned as synonymous with " poison " .
The Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) recently defended an advert which perpetuated the myth that natural compounds are free of chemicals .
The truth , as any right - minded person will say , is that everything we eat , drink , drive , play with and live in is made of chemicals - both natural and synthetic chemicals are essential for life as we know it .
If , as the ASA says , the public believes materials can be " 100 % chemical free " , the RSC will soon be inundated with examples from people wishing to claim the £ 1 million pound bounty announced today by the RSC .
Dr Neville Reed , a director of the RSC , said today : " I 'd be happy to give a million pounds to the first member of the public who could place in my hands any material I consider 100 % chemical free .
" Should anyone do this , we will see thousands of years ' worth of knowledge evaporate before our eyes .
We would have to tear up the textbooks , burn the degree certificates and retrain the teachers . "
The manufacturers of a popular " organic " fertiliser recently drew the attention of the public when it claimed in promotional materials the product contained no chemicals whatsoever .
The product 's manufacturer makes the fantastic claim to be " 100 % chemical free " in its advertising and on its packaging .
The back of the packaging lists its chemical - free ingredients , which include phosphorus pentoxide and potassium oxide .
Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross could face prosecution after obscene on air phone calls to Fawlty Towers actor , 78
The BBC could face prosecution over obscene phone calls that Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand made to 78 - year - old Fawlty Towers actor Andrew Sachs .
The controversial presenters left a series of lewd messages on Mr Sachs ’s answerphone claiming , in shockingly explicit language , that Brand had had sex with his granddaughter , Georgina .
Mr Sachs , who played waiter Manuel in the classic sitcom , was left deeply upset by the crude calls – which were also broadcast to about two million listeners to Brand ’s Radio 2 show .
And Georgina ’s distraught mother , Kate , said last night : ‘ It ’s awful . ’
Obscene : Russell Brand said he slept with the granddaughter of Andrew Sachs during his Radio 2 show .
Jonathan Ross , who was co hosting the show , also made lewd comments during calls to the Fawlty Towers actor
Astonishingly , senior BBC executives cleared the offensive messages for broadcast , even though making abusive phone calls is a criminal offence .
Last night , the Corporation faced calls for disciplinary action to be taken against their highly - paid stars , with one Tory MP saying they had ‘ overstepped the mark ’ .
Mr Sachs ’s agent said his client had been ‘ terribly hurt ’ by the comments and had made a formal complaint to the BBC .
The calls about his granddaughter were made during an episode of Brand ’s Saturday night Radio 2 programme , co-hosted by Ross to help publicise his new book .
Shortly before they contacted Mr Sachs for a pre-arranged telephone interview , Brand said : ‘ In a minute we ’re going to be talking to Andrew Sachs , Manuel actor .
The elephant in the room is , what Andrew does n’t know is , I ’ve slept with his granddaughter . ’
Comedy classic : Mr Sachs as Manuel in Fawlty Towers and , right , pictured with his wife Melody
The comedian then rang Mr Sachs .
When the veteran actor did n’t answer his telephone , Brand left a message during which Ross shouted ‘ He ****** your granddaughter !’ , generating raucous laughter from the studio .
Ross subsequently speculated that Brand had ‘ enjoyed ’ Georgina on a swing .
The pair then decided to ring Mr Sachs again to apologise .
When he repeatedly failed to answer , Ross and Brand left three further messages , making the situation worse .
During one message , Brand said : ‘ I wore a condom . ’
In another , which took the form of an impromptu song , Brand sang : ‘ I ’d like to apologise for the terrible attacks , Andrew Sachs . . .
I said some things I did n’t of oughta , like I had sex with your granddaughter , though it was consensual . . . it was consensual lovely sex .
It was full of respect , I sent her a text , I ’ve asked her to marry me , Andrew Sachs . ’
Ross could be heard singing quietly to himself : ‘ Your granddaughter ... she was bent over the couch ...’
Later in the programme Brand even joked about the idea that Mr Sachs might consider suicide as a result of their comments .
Imagining a news bulletin , he said : ‘ The main news again .
Manuel Andrew Sachs hung himself today ...’
Brand ’s show sometimes goes out live , but the offending episode was prerecorded to fit around Brand and Ross ’s other commitments .
According to the BBC , ‘ a senior editorial figure signed off the programme , including its strong language , before it was broadcast ’ .
The show , which aired between 9 pm and 11 pm on October 18 , remained on the BBC ’s iPlayer website last week , where listeners could hear it again .
Ross , 47 , and Brand , 33 , are among the BBC ’s highest - paid stars .
Ross
is paid £ 6 million a year for his TV chat show , Radio 2 show and film review programme , while Brand is thought to be paid a six - figure sum for his weekly radio show .
The pair , who are close friends , are notorious for their use of swear words and have courted controversy throughout their careers .
In 2006 Ross caused a storm by asking Conservative leader David Cameron if he had ever had teenage sexual fantasies about former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ‘ in stockings ’ and referring to a lewd act .
Brand , who once dated Kate Moss , caused outrage in July for making a prank call to Northamptonshire Police , claiming he had spotted a sex attacker .
And in 2006 , he became embroiled in a public row with Rod Stewart after boasting at an awards ceremony that he had slept with the rocker ’s daughter , Kimberly .
During the Radio 2 show in which they offended Mr Sachs , both men also discussed what it would be like to have sex with actress Helen Mirren .
Ross also appeared to breach the terms of his lucrative BBC contract by indicating his support for Labour .
He said : ‘ I like him [ Gordon Brown ] .
If I could say where I ’m going to vote , I ’d vote for them .
But I ca n’t say where I ’m voting because I ’m forbidden by my BBC contract . ’
Mr Sachs , who was born in Germany but emigrated to Britain in 1938 to escape the Nazi persecution of Jews , still works regularly on TV and radio , including Radio 4 ’s spiritual programme Something Understood .
A spokesman for the actor said : ‘ Andrew is deeply upset by this and terribly hurt .
He ca n’t understand why it happened and was particularly sorry that they kept leaving messages on his answerphone . ’
Last night , Kate said her 23 - year - old daughter did not want to comment .
A BBC spokesman said : ‘ Two complaints were received regarding Russell Brand ’s show on October 18 . ’
But he would not reveal their content , saying that they were for ‘ internal use ’ .
He added : ‘ We are not aware of any complaint being made by
Mr Sachs .’
Anyone found guilty of making malicious or abusive phone calls can be fined or sentenced to up to six months in prison , although a Scotland Yard spokesman said there was no record of Mr Sachs filing a complaint .
Tory MP Philip Davies said : ‘ I know Jonathan Ross has been handsomely rewarded by the BBC for being rude , inappropriate and as vile as possible , but I would hope that even the BBC would accept he ’s overstepped the mark this time .
‘ In any other walk of life , anyone who did this type of thing would face serious disciplinary proceedings .
I hope the BBC will consider what consequences there may be if they do n’t take him to task for this . ’
Last night , Brand , clearly worried about the listener backlash against his phone calls , made a sniggering , mealy - mouthed apology on his show .
He said : ‘ It was quite funny , but sometimes you must n’t swear on someone ’s answerphone , and that ’s why I ’d like to apologise personally . ’
But he then replayed the most offensive of last week ’s calls , and said : ‘ It might not be popular , with its barbershop style , but on the other hand I did rhyme “ consensual ” with “ menstrual ” . ’
Brand ’s spokesman said they had nothing to add to the BBC ’s comments , while Jonathan Ross ’s agent did not return calls .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Debunked : Republican 's ' 32 Franken Ballots in a Car ' Story is Complete Nonsense , Never Happened "
( 27 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... David Brauer said on 11/13/2008 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
Hi Brad - thanks for the linkage and getting the word out .
One small correction - I write for MinnPost.com .
Although we 're located in Minneapolis , I think we 're shooting for all of Minnesota with our name .
So it 's not the Minneapolis Post .
Small , small thing , but it helps with those Google searches .
Best ,
David [ed note :
Thanks ,
David .
I fixed it in Brad 's post for you .
Sorry . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/13/2008 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
Al Franken wants a lawsuit to look into the absentee ballots that were n't counted , but Coleman - R's campaign manager wants to " help " these absentee voters who 's votes were n't counted ... by not counting them !
He 's " helping " them : " Coleman campaign manager Cullen Sheehan said the court should reject the lawsuit to protect the privacy of voters and to keep invalid ballots from influencing the outcome .
http://hosted.ap.org/dyn...OME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/13/2008 @ 9:41 pm PT ...
He does n't want their votes to count to " protect them " !
He 's on their side !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/13/2008 @ 9:58 pm PT ...
In my opinion , for what it is worth , the State that chose Wellstone would be far better represented by Franken than Coleman .
The GOP is out to steal another , by ANY MEANS POSSIBLE , and must be brought up short .
An HONEST count is what is needed , and if it 's Coleman - well , after all , MN DID elect Ventura Governor !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 11/13/2008 @ 10:15 pm PT ...
To Brad , Heller , and Bauer :
Thanks for some investigative reporting on this , what a novel idea , someone actually picked up the phone and talked to someone , and got a real story .
So the MN Sec of State ballot stuffing alleged by Fox actually consisted of : double - sealed ballots whose whereabouts were always known and were not away from city hall more than 1 hour , that ended up netting Franken 9 votes , consistent with voting precentages in Mpls !?
Boy with examples like that of Election Fraud , how can we go on , surely our election system cannot be this bad !?
how can I go on trusting our Democracy ?!
Based on this , it is obvious the only way Dems ever got control of our Congress and Exec branch was by stealing it , I can conclude nothing else !
And our two local print daily newspapers have not even de-bunked this Fox / WSJ version of this national story by doing what Bauer did , picking up the phone and talking to the eye - witnesses .
Heaven forbid they take the additional step of interviewing some of the Republican and Indepent poll - workers invovled in transporting these ballots election night as credible witnesses about what happened election night .
Just think of all the crazy stuff we have seen in elections over the last 8 years , and finally election integrity makes it on Fox News over : paper ballots that can actually be visibly secured , observed and counting in front of witnesses , ballots that were handled in a legal manner consistent with State law , were tracked in proper chain - of - custody , were only unsecured in the cars for less than one hour , were double - sealed and only opened when counted , and once counted , the results of the counting yielding 18 votes for Franken , 7 for Coleman and the rest for other candidates or none , totally consistent with voting patterns in that district matched , so netting a whopping total 9 votes for the Dem candidate - its pretty damn funny this is most
Fox news can find to rag on the MN rigging of the election , funny if it was n't so sad and hypocritical .
Something that also seems worth exploring , the Coleman lawsuit to stop the counting of these filed last Saturday was , I believed , filed in Ramsey County , a strange jurisdiction to sue given the ballots in question were from Mpls precincts , which is in Hennepin County .
Of course the suit was dismissed on the basis of no standing .
So the legal action seemed like it was purposefully doomed for failure but allowed them to mis-state the story of these ballots and create a show by going to court to stop the count rather than really attempting real legal action to secure the vote counting .
Personally as MN resident , I would perfer that the State require the ballots be stored and transported in hardened boxes like hard plastic bins or steel boxes with tamper - proof seals , so when they are being stored upon arrival in the mail and when they are driven to precints , they are much less likely to be tampered with .
A one time investment in such ballot boxes ( maybe 400-500 needed in each of the bigger counties ) and the small cost of tamper - proof seals for every election seem like super cheap way to better insure the integrity of our elections .
But really , Fox , this is all you got , this is the best that your national org can come up with on the MN election , re-freakin - diculous .
Brad , you should point this out to the Fox newsy that interviewed you before the election and seemed so proud they were being fair and balanced .
Maybe you can goad her into investigating the Alaska , like the memory cards that showed evidence of being changed just before they were released to a FOIA request .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/14/2008 @ 12:34 am PT ...
I might as well pile it on " The Journal . "
I love how the WSJ 's feedback pages demand you use a real name , while their own moderator uses an acronym e.g. " WSJonline " I 'd have to say the way it 's setup is " propaganda generator mode . "
I tried to comment I was greeted with a message that the topic was now locked .
How Convenient .
Print lies , and turn off comments .
Neat , no wonder there 's no oversight of the economy .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Perry Logan said on 11/14/2008 @ 3:45 am PT ...
It 's amazing how the Republicans are getting interested in election fraud , now that it 's stopped working for them .
I can't believe they 're dumb enough to bring it up , though .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 11/14/2008 @ 4:33 am PT ...
Repubs .
are fighting hard for those 3 senate seats are n't they ?
Since the fraud has been going on for so long .... more and more of US know that our election system is broken .
Hard to pull off the propaganda .
Esp. in Alaska where the ' 04 election was stolen in such a clumsy fashion the records could never be turned over to the public .
Now Alaska is being openly mocked ... that has to hurt .
Maybe the old military maneuver " Do n't shoot ' till you see the whites of their eyes " is working .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... rollotomasi said on 11/14/2008 @ 5:28 am PT ...
Odd how the Republicans are focusing on Minnesota , not Alaska , which seems to have far greater election control problems .
Hmmm , wonder why that is .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... lolwat said on 11/14/2008 @ 9:50 am PT ...
It 's amazing how bias this story is .
Also liberals a nutjobs and will probably steal this senate seat
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... SandyD said on 11/14/2008 @ 10:53 am PT ...
LOLWAT : Did you grow up in a Republican city that refused to spend sufficient funds for education ?
You appear incapable of correctly writing two simple declarative sentences .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten@work said on 11/14/2008 @ 10:55 am PT ...
Pardon me , LOLWAT , but was that English ?
Only stupid people do n't fact check FOX news .
They have been shown to be misleading and / or lying repeatedly , and without retractions , even when proven wrong .
Much of right - wing radio has the same problem .
Studies have shown that the least informed , and most misinformed people are the ones that get their information from right - wing talk radio .
( Remember Limbaugh recently tried to call the current recession an " Obama recession , " and tried to blame it on him , which is absolutely ridiculous , as are assertions of him chumming it up with terrorists , or being a Marxist , socialist , or communist )
Of course , if someone never fact checks using multiple reliable sources , they would never know that , would they ?
After all , it sounds good , it must be true .
The rest of the media does not have a " liberal " bias , but a " truth " bias which runs against the grain of the mis-informing right - wing media outlets .
I guess to sum it all up , you are completely wrong , LOLWAT , about who , exactly , are the nutjobs .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/14/2008 @ 11:22 am PT ...
Take it easy on him , it 's hard enough for him to type with one finger in his nose and slippery keys from all of the drool
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/14/2008 @ 11:47 am PT ...
LOLWAT even misspelled his own name .
It should have been LO - WATT .
Man , these guys make it too easy sometimes .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... David Anderer said on 11/14/2008 @ 12:04 pm PT ...
As far as who is stealing votes , Rove says the Barack Obama victory was just a little better than " W " .
No big deal he says .
Way over exaggerated he says .
The Republicans put a lot of time , money and effort into voter suppression all over the USA , we know that is a fact .
If all those who were legally allowed to vote and were stopped by the Republicans who were able to vote what would the total have been in a fair and free election ?
My speculation on this is the follows .
We know they work with small percentages from multiple sites and states believing that the election will be close and that 5 or 10 % suppression will cover their deficit in the voting booth .
I think it not impossible that in a fair and honest election Obama would have won by 16,000,000 votes .
Brad can you look into to that possibility and shut up Rove and all those who somehow believe their propaganda ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 11/14/2008 @ 8:31 pm PT ...
David @ 15 TruthIsAll who sometimes comments here , also feels Obama probably won by a much larger margin .
TruthIsAll
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Walk Softly said on 11/15/2008 @ 7:01 am PT ...
According to Brauer 's article , or is this an opinion piece :
OK , so were the ballots ever in a car ?
Yes .
But stow the outrage until you hear the details .
Stow the outrage .
Umm say what .
The real story is even more outrage - provoking .
And it all needs further investigation , not editorializing there 's much ado about nothing .
A precinct shut down earlier than the legal closing time ?
Was the judge in that precinct tallying paper ballots before the polls closed ?
Is n't that disenfranchisement ?
Federal law requires polls to be open until the state 's required close of polls .
This keeping the polls open until every last voter who arrived on time , or was in line at the time of close of polls - was so well known nationwide because everybody everywhere in every state expected some 70 % to 80 % voter turnout , no matter the tiny or large district .
Yet , some polls in Minnesota closed before the publicly announced close of polls deadline including one where it just so happened military ( according to the story ) absentees had not yet made it to the precinct by 7:30 pm , and were within minutes of being delivered to the polling site ?
What does n't smell about that Mr. Brauer ?
Should anyone have come in a couple of minutes before closing time and be standing in line , or the only one , not standing in a line , that person or persons are enabled to vote at the precinct .
This could even include somebody who had potentially submitted a non-military absentee ballot .
One presumes the military absentees could arrive even after the election day deadline because those are basically under ' federal ' jurisdiction and are given a few day leeway as long as they 're postmarked with the correct deadline date .
At any rate , maybe a voter was n't sure the absentee ballot made it on time and they were back in the precinct .
Most states have laws requiring the voter in that case show up at the polls , void the absentee , and vote in the precinct .
But this polling place closed early ?
Where on earth are the election integrity people on the disenfranchisement issue here ?
The story needs further investigation .
Who challenges absentee ballot electors ?
election officials ?
Not in other states , political party pollwatchers at the precinct have that privilege .
Where are the election integrity people on the issue election officials can challenge the absentees ?
None of the story sounds right if absentee paper ballots did not make it to the precinct for whatever reason .
It 's not like judges and drivers do not have cell phone communication .
Hey we 're running a bit late for our delivery of your additional absentee ballots .
Hey , we 're right outside the door and see you 've closed the doors , open up so we can deliver these .
So what the ballots were n't actually in the judge 's car , having never arrived at the precinct .
They were obviously in somebody 's car for some amount of time .
Potentially enough time for anything to happen .
All because the poll closed down early ?
Judges of election can close a poll down early because nobody is coming in the last hour for voting ?
Ridiculous .
Needs investigated , not swept away as a rumor .
Brauer should also review particulars of this statement as fact : City Hall staff checks the outer envelope to assure registration validity .
If these are military absentees and citizens living abroad , and anyone of them were with - held as being valid voters , or proper postmarking , etc. somebody better investigate how those were handled .
Where are the election integrity people on that one ?
More potential disenfranchisement by election officials who are jury and judge all outside the view of the public .
For shame .
[ ed note : Blockquote inserted for clarity .
I 've read the piece two times now , and I do n't see where it says a polling place closed early . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/15/2008 @ 12:38 pm PT ...
Walk Softly ( # 17 ) , I do n't know where your allegations come from , but I cannot find them in Brauer 's article linked above .
I cannot find anywhere that says that any of the precincts were closed " earlier than the legal closing time . "
From the article ( emphasis mine ) : Driving the ballots
The drivers went out about 7:30 p.m.
Reichert soon heard from some who were worried they might not get to every precinct before closing .
Once a precinct judge removes a tallying machine memory card , votes can no longer be counted there .
Reichert says she sent a broadcast message to each precinct ’s lead judge to keep sites open , but not everyone received it .
Some less - busy sites shut down before the drivers got there .
Nowhere does it say that the precincts shut down before the legal closing time .
Walk Softly writes :
None of the story sounds right if absentee paper ballots did not make it to the precinct for whatever reason .
It 's not like judges and drivers do not have cell phone communication .
Hey we 're running a bit late for our delivery of your additional absentee ballots .
Hey , we 're right outside the door and see you 've closed the doors , open up so we can deliver these .
As you can see , the message to keep the precincts open DID go out : Reichert says she sent a broadcast message to each precinct ’s lead judge to keep sites open , but not everyone received it .
There is no evidence that any of the precincts closed early .
An alternative and entirely plausible explanation is that some precincts closed on time , and others closed later .
Walk Softly writes :
If these are military absentees and citizens living abroad , and anyone of them were with - held as being valid voters , or proper postmarking , etc. somebody better investigate how those were handled .
Where are the election integrity people on that one ?
More potential disenfranchisement by election officials who are jury and judge all outside the view of the public .
From the article :
In the end , Franken claimed 18 of the 32 votes and Coleman got seven .
The rest were non-votes or for other candidates .
I do n't see any evidence whatever that any of the absentee ballot voters were disenfranchised .
No mention of any postmarks or registrations being amiss .
This is a non-issue in this case .
" For shame . "
Yes , it 's a shame to make unfounded allegations .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 11/15/2008 @ 7:38 pm PT ...
Why the 2008 Recorded Vote confirms that the 2004 Election was Stolen http://www.geocities.com...culator2008VoteMatch.htm
TruthIsAll [ed note : Please read our commenting rules . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 11/15/2008 @ 7:40 pm PT ...
Late and Uncounted Votes : Statistical Anomalies in the 2000 , 2004 , 2008 Elections http://www.geocities.com...el/2008StatAnomalies.htm
TruthIsAll [ed note : Please read our commenting rules . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 11/15/2008 @ 7:45 pm PT ...
2008 Landslide Denied : Uncounted Votes and the Final National Exit Poll TruthIsAll Nov. 12 , 2008 http://www.geocities.com...nmodel/Uncounted2008.htm
With almost 100 % of precincts reporting , the latest election results show Obama leading by 8.4 m votes with a total of 126.5 m recorded .
That ’s a solid mandate , but his True Vote was better than that .
The tremendous GOTV and new registration effort has not resulted in the expected increase in the recorded vote from 2004 .
Remember the 17 m net increase from 2000 to 2004 ( 105 m to 122 m ) ?
The media should be asking the questions .
Why is the recorded count at 126.5 m , when a 140 m + turnout was forecast ?
How many voters were told they had to complete provisional ballots ?
[ ed note :
Please read our commenting rules . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Walk Softly said on 11/16/2008 @ 10:27 am PT ...
Lora
Your comments are welcome .
My comments were designed to draw some reaction from this gang because Brauer 's article appears not to have drawn outrage to itself as it should have .
Just as Brad 's headline and comments are designed for a specific purpose and obviously just as Brauer 's piece is designed to dismiss ' outrage ' as unjustified , my comments were designed to get somebody to read all of what is being written .
It seems to me that anybody reading Brauer 's piece , anybody who is truly interested in election integrity would not stand for being told to stow the outrage .
The article does not clearly specify whether the polls ( those being ones which were to receive absentees ) closed down early , exactly on time , or later than the legal closing time .
That info is not specified .
[ ed note :
And need n't be .
If you feel so strongly about this , poll the poll workers and write your own article .
-- 99 ] this is precisely what made me think to include such a charge of closing down before the legal time .
Reichert says she sent a broadcast message to each precinct ’s lead judge to keep sites open , but not everyone received it .
Some less - busy sites shut down before the drivers got there .
[ ed note : Pretty obvious she meant she sent a mass email or text message to all the polling sites , asking that they not leave until the drivers got there ... which has nothing to do with a polling place closing early or late .
They would close on time .
She wanted the poll workers to stay to receive the drivers . -- 99 ]
From that , we do n't know what sites were less busy and had shut down before the drivers got there .
We do n't know whether less busy sites may have closed down slightly earlier than closing time .
From the article we just do n't know what a comment about less - busy sites means .
[ ed note :
The article does not assume such crazy things , and so would n't report them . -- 99 ]
What does a less busy site have to do with a prescheduled legal closing of polls time ?
Nothing .
so that 's what led me to think about a precinct possibly starting the close down process early .
Not expecting any absentees , or not being apprised some hours before such might be arriving , a precinct may begin the process of closing down five or even a couple of minutes earlier and that is simply not out of the realm of possibility .
But we do n't know , because the reporter did not reveal anything precisely enough to have that potential dismissed as out of hand .
Again , the term less - busy was used by an official and that prompted the conjecture .
There is so much we are not made aware of by the piece and that is why the reporter 's advice for us to stow the outrage is an outrage in itself .
The article also does not state precisely how many precincts were to be contacted to await delivery of some portion of 32 military / overseas ballots .
Nobody has clarified how many precincts were ones where some amount of the 32 ballots were to be delivered .
Thus we do n't know from the article how many were to be notified by a broadcast to remain open .
Surely not an amount greater than 32 .
How many , 6 ? 10 ?
15 ?
4 ? The author does say 4 ballots made it to precinct / s but does n't say if those 4 ballots were delivered to one precinct or 4 precincts or two precincts each receiving 2 ballots , or anything more about them other than they were " accidentally uncounted " that night .
According to the reporter 's own words , the reporter acknowledges the 32 absentees were in some officials ' car / s - those being " Precinct Support Judge /s . "
A lot of particulars are not detailed .
How was the message to keep polls open broadcast ?
Broadcast means something different than phone calls were attempted to be made .
Does n't broadcast imply radio communication ?
Were two - way radios supplied and were they in working order or not ?
[ ed note :
broadcast | ˈbrôdˌkast|
verb ( past - cast or - casted ; past part .
- cast or - casted ) [ trans . ]
1 ( often be broadcast ) transmit ( a program or some information ) by radio or television : the announcement was broadcast live | [ as n. ] ( broadcasting ) the 1920s saw the dawn of broadcasting .
• [ intrans . ] take part in a radio or television transmission : the station broadcasts 24 hours a day .
• tell ( something ) to many people ; make widely known : we do n't want to broadcast our unhappiness to the world .
2 scatter ( seeds ) by hand or machine rather than placing in drills or rows .
See note at scatter .
That seems fairly clear . -- 99 ]
As to whether any absentees were disenfranchised .
We have not been given any figure for how many military / overseas absentees might have been disqualified before the 32 absentees ( ok'd to be processed at the precinct level according to election law ) were sent out for delivery to the precincts .
You surely have no basis to say this :
I do n't see any evidence whatever that any of the absentee ballot voters were disenfranchised .
No mention of any postmarks or registrations being amiss .
This is a non-issue in this case .
Just because the reporter did n't mention or state such does n't mean there is not any evidence for such .
That 's the point of what I wrote , to get all to rethink being told to " stow the outrage . "
Maybe I 'm being provocative as well to note I do n't see a Lora response to any but my post at this point and so I note you 're calling me out on what I wrote , but not questioning the lack of information in the article and similar lack of information and curiosity by Bradblog .
There 's still opportunity for such all around so I 'll make no definitive preconceived judgement .
[ ed note : No .
You are being obtuse and demanding we pay for it .
Lora can respond to other commenters as the whim strikes her .
Please read my comment below about our position on posting knowing disinformation . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Walk Softly said on 11/16/2008 @ 11:06 am PT ...
Truthisall ,
The reason for the disparity in projected turnout may be due to inflated and bloated precinct / county / state voter registration databases which more often than not include names of deceased and electors who have changed address to an out of state one but not notified the former precinct of a residency change .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/16/2008 @ 12:57 pm PT ...
Walk Softly
Your comments wo n't be welcome if you play games like that .
People will read or not read the material at links , according to their own whim , desire , or allocation of time .
Posting knowing disinformation will get you banned from Brad Blog .
I , for one , resent being made to reread the article and to try to make sense out of your long comment , at all , but really even more when I am pushed for time , but need to waste it on that stuff .
Then you had the nerve to end it with " for shame " ?
You 've expressed your dissatisfaction with the article , and with our failure to be curious about points we understood and you did n't , at length .
You can agree or disagree or discuss points with people all you want , but posting disinformation , even when you feel it's for a good cause , is not just against the rules , it 's rude and pernicious .
Frankly , it looks more to me as though you mistakenly thought you found something to pitch a fit about and pitched your fit , and instead of just coming back and saying you were sorry , that you misread , you made up an excuse so you could keep on picking at the piece and the commenters who respond to you .
Seriously , you will be banned if you do something like that again .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Walk Softly said on 11/16/2008 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
Agent 99 .
What DISinformation have I given ?
My posting that some precincts could have closed down earlier than the legal closing time was speculation .
My offense was showing that speculation was possible , that is , some precincts could have closed early , based on as explained in the subsequent post , officials use of the term " less - busy " precincts .
It 's still a potential that some precincts closed early , those being less busy .
Would it matter if some closed 5 minutes early ?
It might have mattered if that precinct received notice ( broadcast ) of absentees about to be delivered .
It 's speculation from the contents of the article .
We do n't know from anything in the article specifically either how a message was ' broadcast ' to the affected precincts , nor do we know how many should have had the absentees delivered .
So my comments raising questions are speculation not disinformation .
Such as presenting the possibility there were other than 32 military / overseas absentee ballots and among those might have been disqualifications .
I do n't understand how the charge can be brought that what I wrote was disinformation .
Maybe the style was n't adequate , but I think it an unfair charge you 've made .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/16/2008 @ 3:46 pm PT ...
Dear Walk Softly , I believe Agent 99 was perfectly clear .
In case you are genuinely confused about what is disinformation and what is speculation :
In your first post ( comment # 17 ) you go on at length --- several sentences --- about how wrong it would be that some polls closed early .
Many of your " questions " read exactly like statements but for the question mark .
There is NO evidence that I 've seen that these polling places closed early --- yet you go on and on about the damage done because they did question - mark .
Nowhere did you say you were speculating as to what might have happened if the polls had closed early .
You are implying without any back - up that they did close early and damage that may have been done because of it ( disinformation ) .
[ Walk Softly : ]
You surely have no basis to say this : [ Lora : ]
I do n't see any evidence whatever that any of the absentee ballot voters were disenfranchised .
No mention of any postmarks or registrations being amiss .
This is a non-issue in this case .
[ Walk Softly : ] Just because the reporter did n't mention or state such does n't mean there is not any evidence for such .
As I said , I do n't see any evidence for this .
If there is any , feel free to quote and link .
But when you go on at length about how poorly the validation of the ballots may have been handled and suggest that the election integrity folks are amiss for not being on top of that , again you are in the realm of making stuff up , not speculation .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Paul Allen said on 11/18/2008 @ 11:27 pm PT ...
Project Kenai ( pronounced Keen - Eye , according to Tim Bray ) is a new project hosting platform from Sun .
It integrates several source code management systems , forums , mailinglists , issue - tracking systems and wikis .
In this regard it 's similar to Google Code , RubyForge and SourceForge .
GitHub , like Kenai , is built on Ruby on Rails , is currently focussed on hosting git repositories .
Sun , as one of the biggest open source supporting companies in the world now also offers a platform , not only for its own projects , but for arbitrary open source projects .
An interesting aspect of Kenai is that it is built with Ruby on Rails and runs on JRuby , which is only consequent , considering Sun 's support for JRuby .
But JRuby is n't the only Sun project involved : Kenai runs on multiple GlassFish instances on OpenSolaris and uses MySQL as its database .
One of the leaders of the project is Nick Sieger , who is well known for his engagement in JRuby where he wrote the original implementation of the ActiveRecord - JDBC connector .
Tim Bray 's interview with Nick Sieger has more details on the technical aspects of Kenai :
We ’re using Sun T2000 servers along with an X4500 for storage .
OpenSolaris Nevada 70b is the OS .
( We have n’t been able to upgrade to OpenSolaris with IPS yet because there is no SPARC port of IPS .
We ’re eagerly awaiting it though . )
Apache runs in front , using mod_proxy_balancer to connect to multiple redundant Glass Fish V2 instances talking to a single MySQL database .
The main site is a Rails application running on JRuby , deployed in Glass Fish as a war file built with Warbler .
Perl , Python , and other various bits of Apache - based bailing wire help integrate Mercurial , Subversion , Sympa ( mailing list software ) and Bugzilla into the mix as well .
Even more technical details and some performance numbers can be found in Fernando Castano 's presentation from RailsConf Europe .
Kenai allows to choose from a subset of recommended , OSI - approved licenses - but it 's possible to choose to see a much more comprehensive list when creating projecs .
Simon Phipps , Chief Open Source Officer at Sun , elaborates on the licensing issue in detail on his blog .
Future plans for the project include the integration of additional issue - tracking systems like JIRA and Git as an SCM option .
What is your favorite platform for project hosting ?
401 ( k ) s and IRAs to be nationalized ?
Share
This :
The Carolina Journal reports , Democrats in the U.S.
House have been conducting hearings on proposals to confiscate workersâ€™ personal retirement accounts â€ ” including 401 ( k ) s and IRAs â€ ” and convert them to accounts managed by the Social Security Administration .
Triggered by the financial crisis the past two months , the hearings reportedly were meant to stem losses incurred by many workers and retirees whose 401 ( k ) and IRA balances have been shrinking rapidly .
The testimony of Teresa Ghilarducci , professor of economic policy analysis at the New School for Social Research in New York , in hearings Oct. 7 drew the most attention and criticism .
Testifying for the House Committee on Education and Labor , Ghilarducci proposed that the government eliminate tax breaks for 401( k ) and similar retirement accounts , such as IRAs , and confiscate workersâ€™ retirement plan accounts and convert them to universal Guaranteed Retirement Accounts ( GRAs ) managed by the Social Security Administration .
Of course , the nationalization of private retirement funds is being advocated in the name of protecting workers .
The argument goes : there is a long - standing trend away from pensions for which employers assume the risk and toward 401 ( k ) - type retirement investments for which individuals assume the risk .
Such private retirement accounts are being gutted by the collapsing economy and individuals need protection against risk and further losses .
Thus -- just as with banking and ( perhaps ) mortgages -- the government should intervene to provide a guarantee .
Rep. George Miller , Chairman of the committee called to discuss how the financial upheaval is affecting pensions and private retirement accounts ,
I do not know if the American public will accept the nationalization ( read , confiscation ) of their retirement funds .
When Argentina moved to nationalize pension funds ( an ongoing move ) ,
--- Obama has inspired such devotion that he can do amost anything in the " honeymoon " period of his Presidency ; everyone will cry out to critics " give the man a chance "
--- People with retirement funds are terrified of their decline and the nationalized substitutes are being sold as " Guaranteed Retirement Accounts . "
( See
--- Most people do not have private retirement accounts and , so , the majority of people will raise no objection .
Indeed , since those with healthy 401 ( k ) s etc. are seen as the " haves " , the " have - nots " may well snicker in a shameful satisfaction .
--- Nationalizing pensions and private investment funds would shift burden from employers .
GM and Ford would love for the government to take over the pension liabilities that are killing them .
--- Americans are naively trusting of government .
Argentinians know their government is not " their protector " and they 've gone through enough financial crises to understand some of the basics of money / financial policies .
Obama wants to take decisive , " brave " action to establish his control over the economy and his role as savior .
God protect us all from " brave " government and saviors , especially when any one party ( in this case the Democrats ) have a de facto monopoly over the reins of salvation .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Saturday 08 November 2008 - 13:45:31 - Permalink
The specifics of Obama 's plans to " fix " the economy do not get a lot of press time because no one seems to know what the hell they are .
Although Obama is extremely eloquent , his speeches appeal to emotion and have little content to be analyzed .
The specifics behind his " Hope , Hope , Change , Change " can be best discerned by watching the other leaders of the Democratic Party .
Of course , the nationalization of private retirement funds is being advocated in the name of protecting workers .
The argument goes : there is a long - standing trend away from pensions for which employers assume the risk and toward 401 ( k ) - type retirement investments for which individuals assume the risk .
Such private retirement accounts are being gutted by the collapsing economy and individuals need protection against risk and further losses .
Thus -- just as with banking and ( perhaps ) mortgages -- the government should intervene to provide a guarantee .
Rep. George Miller , Chairman of the committee called to discuss how the financial upheaval is affecting pensions and private retirement accounts , explained , " Unlike Wall Street executives , America 's families do n't have a golden parachute to fall back on .
It 's clear that their retirement security may be one of the greatest casualties of this financial crisis .
" I do not know if the American public will accept the nationalization ( read , confiscation ) of their retirement funds .
When Argentina moved to nationalize pension funds ( an ongoing move ) , the media correctly identified it as a " grab " and people took to the streets in protest .
I think Americans might just roll over , however .
Why ?
For several reasons , including : --- Obama has inspired such devotion that he can do amost anything in the " honeymoon " period of his Presidency ; everyone will cry out to critics " give the man a chance " --- People with retirement funds are terrified of their decline and the nationalized substitutes are being sold as " Guaranteed Retirement Accounts . "
( See ABC News story " Movement to Scrap 401 ( k ) s Gains Traction . " ) --- Most people do not have private retirement accounts and , so , the majority of people will raise no objection .
Indeed , since those with healthy 401 ( k ) s etc. are seen as the " haves " , the " have - nots " may well snicker in a shameful satisfaction .
--- Nationalizing pensions and private investment funds would shift burden from employers .
GM and Ford would love for the government to take over the pension liabilities that are killing them .
--- Americans are naively trusting of government .
Argentinians know their government is not " their protector " and they 've gone through enough financial crises to understand some of the basics of money / financial policies .
Obama wants to take decisive , " brave " action to establish his control over the economy and his role as savior .
God protect us all from " brave " government and saviors , especially when any one party ( in this case the Democrats ) have a de facto monopoly over the reins of salvation .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Investigators with the NYPD 's Internal Affairs Bureau are conducting DNA tests on equipment taken from the lockers of five police officers after a Brooklyn man accused them of sodomizing him with a radio antenna .
Michael Mineo said New York Police officers sodomized him inside a Brooklyn subway station .
Lawyers for Michael Mineo , 24 , allege he was jumped by five officers inside a Brooklyn subway station , then sodomized with the antenna of a police radio .
NYPD chief spokesman Paul J. Browne told CNN that several people who were near Mineo when he was arrested " do not support Mineo 's story that he had been sodomized . "
A police official told CNN that Mineo was allegedly smoking marijuana when two police officers approached him .
The official said Mineo tried to escape into the subway .
When Mineo got downstairs and saw no train approaching , he jumped back over a turnstile , where he was grabbed and surrounded by other officers who had arrived on the scene , the official said .
Mineo , who was wearing baggy pants , was wrestled to the ground before screaming he was being Tasered and sodomized , the official said .
Witnesses said they did not see any of the officers holding a night stick or radio , the police official said .
Mineo's attorneys , speaking Monday to reporters , said Mineo 's physician 's diagnosis , not yet made public , supported his claim .
" The principal diagnosis was status post-anal assault , " said Kevin Mosley , an attorney for Mineo .
" The information that we have , based on consultations with doctors , certainly suggests that he is there due to complications from the assault , " added Mineo 's other attorney , Stephen Jackson .
Mineo's attorneys plan to request meetings with New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly and Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes to discuss the events that led to the alleged crime and the status of the accused officers .
Hynes , who is also investigating the allegation , will interview the officers before Internal Affairs does .
The officers , one of whom is an NYPD transit cop , remain on full , active duty .
All About New York City Police Department
The Fap
PORN INDEX
First time at ImageFap ?
Visit our porn index page and choose from 50 categories including amateur porn , anal , shemales , teen porn and much more !
XXX pictures , video chat , forum - completely free .
ADULT SEARCH
Search ImageFap 's XXX gallery archives for more free porn pics .
Find any picture or user that you would like to see .
Many different categories and fetishes included !
Looking for amateur porn , anal pics or teen porn pictures ?
No problem !
Try our adult search tool now !
MEMBER DIRECTORY
Browse through our half a million users and find people who you think are interesting , that may share your porn interests or are located close to you .
Why not setup your own porn profile and let people know you are here !
Signup is completely free and wont take more then a couple of minutes .
CLUBBING
Go clubbing on ImageFap .
Now featuring thousands of porn clubs with each their own niche or fetish .
Join the others there and share your favorite porn pictures or find like minded users .
Find picture sets there you didnt even know existed !
Each club comes with a private forum .
BLOG LIST
Check out our huge list of user written blogs .
Constantly updated with new and exciting stories , announcements and porn pics .
VIDEO CHAT
Exclusive new feature for our users .
Chat with thousands of other people or watch them on their webcams .
Maybe catch a porn show from one of our many couples .
Give it a go and meet the users behind the site .
PORN FORUM
Fap Forum - new feature on ImageFap for our users .
Stuck with a question , want to meet other people , or maybe request some fakes or picture sets .
Head over to the forum .
Press Ctrl+D to add ImageFap.com to your favourites .
Come back tomorrow and enjoy new hot porno galleries and our hourly porn pictures updates .
Sleep apnoea usually jolts people awake
They say a cumulative loss of cells in the area of the brain that controls breathing is to blame - triggering a condition called central sleep apnoea .
However , they believe many such deaths in elderly people are misdiagnosed as heart failure .
The study , by the University of California , Los Angeles , is published in Nature Neuroscience .
SLEEP APNOEA
Central sleep apnoea : Triggered by problems with the brain 's breathing centre Obstructive sleep apnoea : Breathing stops when the airway collapses
The researchers had previously pinpointed a region of the brainstem they dubbed the preBötzinger complex ( preBötC ) as the command post for generating breathing in mammals .
They had also identified a small group of cells within this area as being responsible for issuing the commands .
Cells killed
In the latest study , they injected rats with a compound to kill more than half of these cells - and then monitored the animals ' breathing patterns .
When the animals entered the rapid eye movement phase of sleep - when dreaming occurs - they stopped breathing completely , and were jolted into consciousness in order to start again .
Over time , the breathing lapses increased in severity , spreading to other phases of sleep , and eventually occurring when the animals were awake as well .
Rats possess 600 of the specialised cells .
The researchers believe humans have a few thousand , which are slowly lost over a lifetime .
Lead researcher Professor Jack Feldman said : " We speculate that our brains can compensate for up to a 60 % loss of preBötC cells , but the cumulative deficit of these brain cells eventually disrupts our breathing during sleep .
" There 's no biological reason for the body to maintain these cells beyond the average lifespan , and so they do not replenish as we age .
" As we lose them , we grow more prone to central sleep apnoea . "
The UCLA team believes that central sleep apnoea may pose a particular risk to elderly people , whose heart and lungs are already weaker due to age .
They also suspect the condition strikes people suffering the late stages of neurodegenerative disorders , such as Parkinson 's disease .
These people often have breathing difficulties during sleep , and the researchers believe their bodies eventually reach a point where they are unable to rouse themselves from sleep when they stop breathing .
The UCLA team plans to analyse the brains of people who die from neurodegenerative diseases to determine whether these patients show damage in their preBötzinger complexes .
Frank Govan , of the UK Sleep Apnoea Trust , told the BBC News website that previous work had linked cot death to obstructive sleep apnoea - caused by collapse of the airways .
However , he said science had failed to prove the link .
He said : " These chaps may well be right , that the link is between central sleep apnoea - rather than obstructive sleep apnoea - and cot death , and unexplained adult death . "
